As far as Chinese takeout goes, it's not great. Ok at best. They have a few items that are good but I'm mostly disappointed when I order from there. Very inconsistent. I should say, I live across the street have ordered food from there many times and its always out of desperation. My roommates and I almost never order from there anymore. We usually just grubhub Wonderful Asian, which delivers. Better dumplings, better general tso's. Also, they don't have cream cheese wonton/crab Rangoon, at least not on the menu. First place I've come across without those little gems.
If you're searching for the mother of all hole-in-the-wall Chinese food take-out, look no further. The food is CHEAP and VERY tasty.The hot & sour soup was full of mushrooms, vegetables, and even a few small dumplings. Best I've ever had!General tso's chicken had a great flavor.Veggie dumplings were really weird, my boyfriend didn't like them but I thought they were interesting and good. They're wrapped in very a thin, translucent material. I think there might be some wasabe wrapped up in there? Worth a try.The egg roll was unlike any other egg roll I've ever had. Unlike its dry, bland cousin, this egg roll was flavorful and crisp.And did I mention...it's cheap!Deducted a star because 1) it doesn't deliver, 2) cash only, and 3) let's be honest, even though this place FAR surpasses any other Chinese take-out I've had recently...it's still artery-clogging and greasy.
Hole in the wall place with no seating and bulletproof glass at the counter. Had the general tso chicken and fried rice. Food was ok.
Don't let the exterior fool you, When I'm in the neighborhood and have a taste for Chinese I eat here! Best Chinese food ever. Try the chicken nuggets (boneless white chicken) with shrimp vegetable fried rice honey sauce over everything and mombo sauce on the side! !
The chicken fried rice was packed so well that they couldn't even close top!  The egg plant was delicious and sweet and sour chicken was plentiful.  Nice neighborhood take out which will be a keeper!  Better time management would be if you call in your order and pick up versus having to wait while they prepare your order.
tofu with broccoli and brown rice is on point! the nice man at the counter asked me if I wanted my tofu fried or steamed--fried, of course! generous portion for $6, albeit there was a lot of brown rice in the container which I didn't finish. don't judge a book by it's cover. if it weren't for the rave yelp reviews, can't say I wouldn't have walked right out upon seeing the bullet proof glass over the counter.
Really some of the best Chinese style fast food ever. It's pick up only. They don't deliver and you don't eat in. But the food is really very good. Best Wonton Soup I've had. Best Fried Chicken Wings I've had. Best Pork Fried Dumplings Ive had. They always show you the order before they bag it and they'll ask you what sauce you want. Cash only and they just got an ATM. 4 stars because they don't deliver. But I guess they don't need to because it really is pretty damn good.
Lucky House aka Sue's is the best Chinese takeout I've had in Brooklyn. Sure it looks like a hole in the wall with bullet proof windows but the food is top notch. Once I had my first steamed dumpling I became a faithful follower of this neighborhood spot. The traditional dishes do not disappoint either. I've tried my luck with other carryouts only to realize Lucky House does it 100xs better.
4.5Pardon my hyperbole, but this is the best of the best when it comes to Brooklyn hole in the wall cuisine. Do not miss the scrumptious shrimp dumplings in both the steamed and fried varieties. Goodness, even the egg drop soup lulled my taste buds into Manchurian Candidate-like submission (that is to say I am a undeterred loyalist). I've had a quite a few dishes off the menu and really enjoyed them all (especially the sesame chicken).  In fact, if not for the inconvenient cash only policy and wretched unwillingness to deliver, I'd gladly hand over 5 stars and rack my brain figuring a way to add a sixth.Actually, I think a couple of entrepreneurial high school freshman could cash in offering a delivery service for LHK. I'd gladly fork over $3-4 per order to have it arrive at my door.  It's never to early too think like a mogul. Lol...
I couldn't believe it when I tried this place. Its the best chinese food out here by far. Everything I have got has been great. General tsos chicken is really good and the pork fried rice is the way it supposed to be not soggy mush like most places. It look like a dump but don't just a book by its cover or in this case its bullet proof window. No delivery :( but its worth the walk. I'm going to be moving soon and this will be one of the few places I will miss.
Great food and good value for money. You'd be surprised by the look of this place but don't be fooled the food is really good.We had the steamed dumplings both the vegetarian and the shrimp and they were very good (had better ones in China Town but the only in one specific place). The beef noodles were very good and the eggplant chicken on white rice was delicious!The portions are really big!
The best Chinese in Bed Stuy. Cheap, too. I usually get sweet and sour chicken with fried rice and shrimp dumplings. The nuggets r delicious, too. The only minus is they have no delivery but I don't really mind walking a few blocks (read 15 min) to get the food and walk back home to eat lol Seriously, it is that good.
Pros and cons here...Pros..1) the pork dumplings that everyone talks about really are delicious. You can tell they're homemade; 2) they serve brown rice, which always makes me happy because I love brown rice, but it takes a long time to cook (espeically when you're hungry after work), it's nice to find places where I can just pick some up, 3) The signs are adorable and made me laugh. Cons... 1)The pork dumplings gave me serious heartburn... maybe too many scallions?.. a little too salty? They were delicous going in.. but I'm not sure if I'd order them again; 2) The food is pretty greasy and, other than the dumplings, my chicken and broccoli was pretty standard... weird textured chicken... sweet and greasy sauce... overcooked broccoli.  I definitely wouldn't order it again. I never eat Chinese food, so maybe I had too high hopes based on the other reviews?.  Based on the tasty dumplings and brown rice, I would give them a 3... I would take 1/2 away for the heartburn.. but I can't do that.. so 3 :-)
This is the best Chinese takeout I've had in years.  It takes a long time to find a Chinese restaurant that can produce the quality and flavors that Lucky House Kitchen does.  I'm not saying this is the best place in town but I'm stilling looking for that establishment but until then I'll be going to Lucky House. The fact that I live a couple of blocks away is a huge plus.  Oh, and don't feel sorry for Su.  She can really hold her own and will put anyone in their place.  Consider yourself warned.  SHE'S NOT HAVING IT !!!
I've been coming here 30 years and they food is a must when I stop over in the neighborhood..the crab legs are excellent
Can't judge a book buy its cover that's all I can say, Call ahead is best they are all about pick up.......if only they delivered!!! We REALLY ENJOYED THIS PLACE , great flavor.... best we've had in a longgggggg time. Very reasonable prices too.... we will be back.  Yelp took me there based on reviews and boy where they right.
I've actually been coming to Sue for over 20 years when i say I'm never disappointed in anything that I have gotten from there. Even when i moved i would kindly take a 20 minute walk just to get Sue's. Everything is the same from my childhood if not better. Glad shes still standing all these years later
I went here for the first time tonight, so I will admit that after one visit my five star rating might be a little premature but I just can't help myself. From the hand written signs with what some might call an over-indulgence - but what I would call the perfect amount - of exclamation points to the clearly non-professional 3' x 5' food photos hanging on the wall, there is just SOMETHING about Lucky House Kitchen. I just moved to this neighborhood and after reading all the other positive reviews my girlfriend and I decided it was probably worth the two block walk to give it a shot. While in the shop more than one customer referred to the woman who had taken our order as "Sue". The foursquare location even parenthetically names Lucky House Kitchen as "Sue's". Well, that's a good sign I thought. This place is obviously a staple in the neighborhood.While waiting for our meal, after pointing at one of the photos of dumplings on the wall Sue shot me a huge smile and said "Very good! Home made!" (this, coincidentally, is also exactly what is written on the sign). We smiled back and I agreed, said I couldn't wait to eat them. Sue looked perplexed. Had I not tried her dumplings before? No, I said. I explained we had just moved here, and that this was our first time in her restaurant.  How excited Sue became! She wanted to know all about how we found out about her, if the menu online was correct, if the prices were close. She even apologized several times for the age of Lucky House Kitchen's menu on Menupages. My girlfriend promised to try to figure out how to fix it for her.As a fellow patron told us about how he had been coming to Sue's for about 17 years, she boxed up our order. She showed us the open container of Broccoli with Garlic Sauce and said "Broccoli with Garlic Sauce... VERY GOOD!!!" And you know what... she was right. It *was* very good.
Clean, good food and they even have Heat running! unlike many chinese spots.Sue and the guy working there are and cool ppls.
If I could give no stars I would. The food is flavorless. Years ago I ordered onion rings. A young boy told me not to get them b/c some dropped on the floor and they put them back in the bag. When I demanded my $ back I got yelled at. I did get a refund and refuse to return. I will not pay to be poisoned and for rude service
Just make sure you listen if you want to understand what in the world Sue is saying.
Still one of the best chinese food spots in my area.  Take note the prices went up, and the name change of the restaurant.
Hot and sour soup is amazing...best I've ever had!!! Great dumplings, great Chinatown style fried rice! Always hot and fresh!! This is the go to spot when in BK!!! Sucks there's no delivery but other than that great food, fast service!!
One of the best Chinese spots in my 'hood. My family has been going for YEARS & I've never been disappointed. Sue is a sweetheart & good to the regulars who are good to her. She always has brown rice for me!! I can call in an order when I get off the train and it will be ready by the time I arrive. Affordable & efficient; what more could you ask for?Delivery... I could ask for delivery. The neighborhood needs it!!
Call ahead! This is a popular place so it gets busy and crowded. I had the veggie fried (brown) rice. It was just OK. I've had better. I hear that their other offerings are really good. I'll come back one day far far in the future to try them.
Best pork dumplings I've ever had. And I grew up eating chinatown food. Not everything is good here, but what is good is great. Fabulous Singapore Chow Mei Fun. Very good Hot n Sour soup.The place looks a little funky, but dont worry. Its just how they roll.DON"T EVER BE RUDE TO SU. She works her ass off and feeds the neighborhood. Yell at the uppity punks who think its ok to bark at her.UPDATE - 5 years and many trips to Boston, NY, and Philly's chinatowns later, I would like to reiterate that Su's pork dumplings are still definitely the best I have ever had. Thank you Su!!
Ok, I can't believe I am the first to review Fun Chow.  The only possible explanation is that there is some sort of conspiracy to hide it from public knowledge, because it is just too good to give away.This is the best Chinese takeout I have ever had in my life.At one point in my NY living, I occupied an apartment in Bed-Stuy, on Halsey between Lewis and Marcus Garvey.  For a while I was young and naive, and I frequented True Taste, which I thought was really great Chinese takeout.  My gentleman friend coined the phrase "Masters of the Art" to describe them.  But that was before we discovered Fun Chow.  And once we did, no other could compare.The Orange Chicken here is C-R-A-Z-Y.  You can substitute brown rice for white if you like, and bean curd for almost any meat...and if you do it comes fried within and inch of its life; crispy and chewy and delicious.  Pretty much everything is the best of its kind.   And CHEAP!They don't deliver, there is no seating, they only take cash, and the woman behind the counter (Su)  WILL yell at you for not calling ahead once you have been going often enough that she knows what you want without having to hear your order, because if you had called ahead you wouldn't have to wait...she is gruff and yet considerate!This place has almost mythic status between myself and my gentleman.  Now that he lives in FiDi and I live in W'burg, we are far from our beloved Fun Chow and Su, but we talk often of returning for a fix.  I think once it gets warm again we will go for it, then we can bliss out on Orange Chicken in the park down the street.Love it!menupages.com/restaurant…
I am fortunate to have Lucky House Kitchen in close proximity,Lucky House has some of the best Chinese takeout I've tasted. The restaurant has been family owned for 25 years. The place is filled with personalized 4x6 and polaroid pictures of all of the menu items, and signs notifying customers of new menu options as well as their yelp site. But what brings me to write about this place most is the dumplings! Hands down, the best! The owner makes handmade pork, shrimp, and veggie dumplings daily and sells them with an amazing soy based dipping sauce, you have the option to have them served up steamed or fried, and you can get about 10 dumplings for $3.75. They are made with such care, and the vegetables in the veggie dumplings are crisp and fresh. The dumplings are everyones favorite. I get the dumplings so often that I've started marinating chicken with the left over dipping sauce that I have!The next thing is General Tso's Tofu and the Chicken. The tofu is lightly battered and fried and then sauteed in the General Tso's sauce which is sweet with a light hint of spice. The tofu is crisp on the outside and tender is the only word I can use to describe what the texture is like after that initial bite. The General Tso's options also come with broccoli. The General Tso's chicken has the perfect balance between sweet and savory. It is not overwhelmingly spicy so it really caters to a wide variety of tastes. Sue also makes homemade mumbo sauce. Mumbo sauce is a red sauce, similar to BBQ sauce, it is sweet and tangy and usually put on fried chicken wings and french fries. One night I went for my regularly scheduled dumpling pick - up and I heard some young men requesting extra mumbo sauce, they stated that no one makes mumbo sauce like Lucky House, and that they have the best! I had to try it! I went in the following week and bought some mumbo sauce in order to use as a dipping sauce for some chicken that I prepared with the dumpling sauce/ marinade. The owner sold me the sauce and inquired as to what was going to happen next with them. When I told her my plan, she gave me the thumbs up! The food at Lucky House is great and I meet a lot of community members who have been living in Bed - Stuy for decades, it is always interesting to talk to and learn from folks who have been living in the neighborhood for years.
I'd like to put my 2 cents in. I always call ahead to order my food. I love the lady (apparently her name is Su) but I can't understand her to save my life. Of the things I've tasted from here, I've gotten Shrimp & Broccoli, Shrimp Lo Mein, General Tso, Chicken Wings (plain), Garlic Chicken wings, white and brown rice. EVERYTHING has been delicious. My boyfriend is usually the one who gets the General Tso's, and gets dumplings. I don't eat pork so IDK how that is, but judging by the fact that he gets it EVERY TIME he orders food, has got to be good (he's kinda picky). my son is 22 months old and even eats the food here, and he's SUPER picky. I slap some Lo Mein on a plate for him and gobbles it up! This is probably the best Chinese spot I've ever eaten from (asides from a sit-down, for real place). they also offer vegetarian forms of practically every meal as well, like general tso's tofu and all that, so it's a place any and everyone can order from. This is one of those places you can still eat from when you're on a diet or making healthy choices.Happy Yelping!
Best Chinese takeout -- and it's takeout only -- in Bed-Stuy (and the best in many other Bklyn neighborhoods too)! The place doesn't look like much from the outside or inside, and it's tiny and cramped and gets crowded inside, so call-in your order. Once you get the food home, you'll be glad you did. Never had a bad meal from Lucky House.
Wassup fellow Yelpers.  This is being my first review, I figured I'd start with a local place.  Lucky House Kitchen serves top notch Chinese food.Run by the industrious Sue, they offer quality food at a great price.  Having grown up in the neighborhood, I find it hilarious to find Sue on Yelp.  The General Tsos, House Lo Mein, Chicken Wings are all delicious.  Haven't had a bad meal once.  They recently discontinued the homemade chicken nuggets unfortunately:(  Those with served with french fries & mambo sauce(idk whats in it lol) made many a night for me.  Great place if you are in the neighborhood
OMG! THE WINGS!!!! ARE OUTRAGEOUS!!!!! SOOOOOO GOOD!!!! and you can get BROWN RICE instead of WHITE!!!! And in the summer you can have watermelon too!!! A ++++++++
I think you people really need to get out more or stop considering Applebee's high dining cause your a very confused bunch, does this place suck-NO, is it it over rated-YES, is it better than most dumps-PERHAPS, should you walk more than a few blocks out of your way for-DUNNO, I problaly wouldn't again, but then again I'm a bit lazy & not a fan of walking the long avenues of this ghetto shit hole area with bags of stinky Chinese food in tote making me look like another of see honky fruitcake looking jerkoffs around here, but that's just me, PLUS I'm not sure this whole supposedly "fresh" dumplings claim isn't in fact some mass conspiracy scam cause I wasn't at all impressed as much with as I was their "china" style fried rise and even that I don't think I'll particularly go out of my way to come fetch, I highly suggest getting a delivery boy to this place or for you to send out your expendable significant or not that other in case they get shot on the way to or from.
Seeing as I judge Chinese restaurants solely on the quality of their dumplings (because it's what I always order and it can go wrong sooo easily) I give this place 4 stars. They do a dang good dumpling and the rest of the food was pretty good too.
Go somewhere else. There are more alternatives in Bed Stuy. Lucky House is now cutting corners - they are now charging the same price, if not slightly more, for sub par dishes.  The Singapore Chow Mei Fun cuts back on the number of shrimp and is beefed up with more, well, "beef" and other non mf-factors.  NO attention is paid towards requests for extra spicy. You get what you get.  Now that Bed Stuy is slowly growing to have more alternatives, I will now have to pass on what once WAS a gem.
lucky, yes. cheap, yes. personalized, yes. call ahead or suffer the consequences in this no frills neighborhood gem.
never thought i'd write a review for a run of the mill chinese restaurant but this spot is by far the best, for their variety and innovative menu options.  they have more items than they have listed on their menu, i.e., calamari dishes that are quite impressive - the one with chinese spinach is great, the fried calamari dish is too salty.  The homemade dumplings are most definitely impressive and other sundry menu items handwritten on the walls make for a not your usual fare experience.
I've been there twice and must say ,hands down, the best Chinese takeout I've ever had. Please please try the flour fried shrimp.....I ever never had anything so delicious and the way it's cooks it seems like it was steamed. Simply the best.
This place's take-out Chinese food is as good as any I have ever had.  And they're very cheap, and you can get brown instead of white rice, even fried!  And they make seriously good dumplings + dumpling sauce.
pros: fast service, good flavor, cheapcons: no delivery, cash only, no dine ini always get the chicken wings and fries with mobo sauce. that red sauce is like crack! i don't like having to go pick it up because there are always wanderers, stragglers, and ratchet people in there, and it's not the cleanest place. but the food is so good so i keep going back! call ahead and pick up to save time. $5.25 for 4 wings and fries? can't beat that!
