My husband and I go here once a week. Delicious food and the owner (I'm assuming) is very attentive and sweet. Check it out!!
I absolutely  loooove this place . I  order all the time . Every time I try something different it always lives up to my expectations . Food is fresh and flavorful . And they deliver! 5 star restaurant quality with affordable prices
This place is amazing! The combo deal is great, and the food is even better. Delivery is quick, and I have never had a problem with them. They give you so much food, and it is all delicious!
I must say, I am not the biggest fan of Indian food. It's not something I ever crave and with lots in the neighborhood I was disappointed that yet another one was opening. Due to the previous reviews i decided to give it a try and so thankful we did. The food is incredible. It's on an entire different level than any other Indian food I've ever had before. The sauces and spices are amazing, everything is fresh and the owner is very friendly. You can tell he truly cares. We have ordered Indian food in the hood maybe 6-8 times in the last year and have had this place 4 times in the last week. The portions are a little on the small side but very reasonably priced. There really isn't anywhere in the immediate area where you can go for a meal for under 50 bucks. (For two)No beer and wine here but it's really not the place for that. You are coming for the food and you won't be disappointed. I am leaving off one star for a little constructive criticism which can be easily fixed. There is a major cool factor missing in this place. If you order take out and eat in your own home you can be as cool as you'd like but here, no chance. The TV on the wall with the music on has gotta go. The bright lights turned all the way up on the dimmers are too much and the tables and chairs are pretty lame. Like I said, I am not bashing the place whatsoever. It's a solid place we plan on frequenting often but wish it wasn't so bland and boring inside. You wouldn't want to take out of Towner's or family here for only that reason. I think if they changed the lights, lit some candles maybe, played some cool music, got some new tables and chairs and got rid of the coke machine in the dining room they would triple their in house dining business. All in all, doing a great job. Keep up the good work.
This restaurant is amazing. I ordered here through seamless a few days ago and I  fell in love with the food. I ordered the Chicken Samosa, Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetarian Ka-Chori, Vegetarian Saag Panir and Alu Papri. Their service was fast, I got my food within 30 minutes. I even got a phone call when they didn't have the dessert I ordered. They apologized,and gave me a free ice cream. The food was so great that I had to order more yesterday. The food and the staff are great.  This place is my favorite new spot. I recommend!
I've ordered food from here twice so far as they are relatively new, and both dining in and ordering takout have been great experiences!For dining in, service was quick and attentive without being overbearing. Dining area was a bit... cold (in the aesthetic sense) but otherwise okay. Takeout (via seamless) was quick (under 30 minutes, though we are just two blocks away).The real star here though is the FOOD. Personally, as someone whose go to takeout order is  Indian food, I think this is better than any of the Indian restaurants in the vicinity; there's just a little something extra to each dish that really puts them over the edge of just your neighborhood Indian restaurant category. Samosas (vegetable) were buttery and flaky, not your freezer samosas, and nicely spiced. Nan is crispy AND chewy. The biryani was great; we found a couple of candied apricots in there. All of the meats we ordered were very tender and not overcooked. The lamb shwarma, while not the looker (came smushed at the bottom of the other food) was my favorite part of our takeout meal. The spices on all the food is just a notch above normal. You can tell that they really care about the food. Sooo good.When we ordered takout, they threw in a mango ice cream as well as a rice pudding for free. Yes Taj Masala you won me over. So glad to have you so close by.
Visiting friends in Brooklyn when I felt like having some Indian food. Found the Taj Masala, literally a couple of blocks from where my friend lived. I grabbed the menu cause I couldn't stop to eat there at the time but ordered some food delivered later that day.I found their dishes to very authentic and tasteful but very mild in the heat factor, probably to accommodate a western taste. Everything from the chicken tikka masala to the mulligatawny soup was very good although the chicken tandoori was a bit overcooked and not as tender as I would like. I would definitely return here for a meal at the restaurant because all of the flavors were on point.
The sauce of the chicken tikka masala was tasty but the chicken itself was tough as if it was cooked too fast and for too long. The shrimp tandoori was also tough. I don't think I've ever had shrimp of that texture before. The red snapper tandoori was ok... But I can definitely do without the tons of raw onion on the tandoori dishes. They do not provide any extras like other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood. We ate these dishes last night and  our stomachs are still recovering.
First time around delivery service was poor (90 minutes late). Granted the conditions were tough, but icy roads don't affect cell phone service. A simple phone call would've sufficed, but I ended up doubling up on dinner and getting pizza instead before realizing they weren't closed but merely delayed..
Very good take out Indian. I've gotten the CTM and Chicken Vindaloo and both have been very good.
This place is amazing! I love everything that I've ordered so far. I typically get Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Curry, Chana Masala, Daal soup and Vegetable Samosa. Yum. Not greasy and tastes fresh. I've ordered for both pickup and delivery multiple times. Very seemless and friendly. This is my go-to for Indian locally. Be sure to request your spice level. I love spicey Indian food and when I first ordered they assumed I wanted mild, so I was unhappy with it because to me it was tasteless. The next time I was sure to make it Medium spicey and it was perfect.
The food here is outstanding. I came in for lunch and after eating I'm surprised that I was the only one there. I had chicken samosas, garlic naan, paratha, and the lamb tiki masala and it was all dynamite. I can't wait to come back for that exact order because it was so delicious even though the menu is expensive and surely has many other tasty delights. If you live in Bed Stuy, specifically the south east side of it, get here now, you will not be disappointed.
Fast delivery, food is ok. There are better Indian restaurants in the area, definitely wont order anymore.
Sitting here now and decided to write a review since I know I will get sidetracked later. The food was excellent and in great portions, enough for left overs. The presentation was very nice as well. I had the chicken tandoori. Yum!  With the great food, 25% off in house special and very nice staff...I hope this place will be around for a while. GO support!
One of the best additions to the neighborhood. Food is flavorful,fresh,and well portioned. Delivery is really fast...they don't give any takeout utensils,not even napkins so be sure to ask! Lol
Amazing Indian food. I had the Chicken Keema Mottor with roti and it was delicious. Make sure to always order naan or roti to scoop up all the leftover curry on the bottom of the plate. Don't want to leave something that delicious uneaten. Welcome to Bed-Stuy, Taj Masala.
Disgusting, bhuna smelled and tasted very nasty. Nan was hard. I expected way better food after reading the reviews
First time in Brooklyn.....really had high hopes for the Indian places in the north east.  This place average.   Nothing special.  We were the only ones here on Saturday night.  The place had more to go others than anything else.  Tables are cramped.  Food was okay and strangely sweet....Not usual when you think of spicey Indian food.  The gobi had a strange smell.....as though it had been fried in old oil.  Edible if you could get pass the smell.  Naan was good.  The man behind the counter was nice.....quick but busy juggling phone orders and running back and forth between.
Glad to have this new restaurant in the neighborhood! I ordered a few dishes for takeout vegetable samosas,  chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi matar....They were all delicious. My husband (who normally refuses to eat Indian food) also enjoyed the food. I can't wait to have a sit down meal at this new spot!
It's gonna be my new Indian spot in Brooklyn .. Very tasty food, large selection, quick and good prices !!
Horrible delivery service that gave a 1-hour window; contacted Eat24 after 1.5 hours and canceled after 2 hours. The delivery guy, or guy at the restaurant, called after 1 hour and 45 mins and asked what my address was. They delivered to me a week earlier (1.5 hours after placing the order and having to contact Eat24), so don't depend on them to deliver your food. Eat24's customer service is also a joke. Looking forward to the refund in 3-5 days...
I ordered the tandoori lunch box special. The food was absolutely delicious better than the Indian food I have tried in the area where I live. Also got to choose okra masala for my veg curry rather than mixed veggies. Okra masala was amazing, tandoori chicken was so moist and the quality of food is outstanding. Definitely can't wait to try more things from the menu, maybe wings and alu fries will be the next thing.
Just walking Looking for place to eat,I just found  an Excellent Indian food, tasteful and generous servings. Malai highly recommended.Chicken  tikka Malala is quite good and a good option for dessert is the rice pudding
The food here is excellent, especially the vindaloo. The delivery service is very quick. Definitely one of my top five places to eat in my neighborhood.
My absolute go to Indian restaurant when I'm having a weekend night in! I usually order vegetable samosa, channa roti and chicken tandoori for me and my partner to share. We have ordered the goat curry and were disappointed by how little meat was on the bones. Otherwise the food is always consistent and delicious.  The tandoori is well seasoned and spiced, channa is perfect, my only complaint is that the roti could be thinner like I'm used to. Other than that, delivery is quick, food is always piping hot and we are always happy with it. We will keep ordering from them on Saturday and Sunday evenings.
This restaurant is in a up and coming location, being from England I love curry. We stopped in to support the business's in this neighbourhood, for the price $13.95 for a starter and entree with rice, nana and sauces you can't go wrong. The food is delicious the only problem is that i haven't eaten in the restaraunt always only taken away, but i'm led to believe there in no liquor license in this place. Other than that a great curry house!
Bar none the best tasting Indian food in Brooklyn, delivery is always fast and food still hot. my only gripe is that they don't have a computer system so if you're paying with credit card it takes a minute, but none the less, this place is a winner.
Very good flavors and attentive staff. Had the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and buttered chicken served with basmati rice. Happy to have an Indian restaurant within walking distance.
Do not eat here, it's not worth it. Simple as that. Do not order the Daal Soup at all.
Very clean, great service and reasonable prices. Some of dishes were very good and some standard. Very good naan.Overall a great experience and we'll be back.
Let's be honest, if you know Indian food well enough than its definitely average at best. Lots of little things could make this place better. But hey I guess it's a good addition to the neighborhood.
Taj Masala is far and away the best Indian food in the neighborhood, and ranks among the top Indian food and service I have ever had.After six years living on the Clinton Hill / Bed Stuy border, we moved last month to Stuyvesant Heights and to our delight discovered three Indian restaurants within walking distance of our apartment: Delhi Heights, Indian Curry Heights, and Taj Masala. We visited them and ordered the same dishes from each. We eat vegetarian food and got Samosas, Mulligatawny Soup, Papadum, Mixed Vegetable Curry, Aloo Shag and Garlic Naan. At all three restaurants we brought our own wine.At Delhi Heights, the ambiance and the appetizers were great but the entrees were bland and overcooked. No real particular flavor. Nothing fresh.  At Indian Curry Heights, the ambiance was very odd, like a generic strip-mall restaurant and lacking any warmth. The food and service was average but nothing special. We decided we could get take-out in the future.At Taj Masala, the decor is simple. Grey and white walls, clean tables and comfortable chairs. The obligatory Bollywood movies on a flat screen, but not super loud.The menu is well organized and our server Hossain was kind and friendly. We asked if they could make Aloo Shag since it was not listed and he said yes.Our appetizers were fresh and perfect - the samosas were seasoned well and not greasy. The Mulligatawny soup was a revelation - I've never tasted such a bright version. The papadum and condiments were unexpectedly flavorful.The veg curry was spectacular - spicy and earthy, with a surprising variety of fresh vegetables. The Shag was dark, mild, and delicious. I wish it was a little less mild, but I gather it was prepared this way intentionally. The naan was crispy, chewy, and textbook excellent.Hossain revealed that he is one of the partners and has come from Bombay Heights in Bed-Stuy. He says he has taken what works from many restaurants and combined it for his own. Taj Masala is an extraordinary new spot and after an honest survey of the neighborhood, it's the clear winner. Oh - and our entire meal was under $30!
Ordered delivery. Got chicken tikka masala and veg samosas. The curry was tasteless, chicken was dry... Samosas had a good outer shell but the inside was bland and underwhelming. It was disappointing and I won't order here again.
We have needed a good Indian restaurant in Bed-Stuy for a while now and Taj Masala didn't let us down. They have a television and music playing to keep the little ones entertained while waiting for our orders to come out. The owner was incredibly helpful and quite pleasant. The food looked incredibly good and was good without being over seasoned. The fact that the prices are very reasonable as well will guarantee that we'll come back soon.
We enjoyed everything we ordered. Delivery was *very* timely and they actually delivered up to our apartment instead of just the building. Great experience, this will be one of our new regular spots.
I really really enjoyed this restaurant. I had the chicken tikka masala which was probably the best I've had. The vegetable samosas were also great. My friend came the night before with his family and they also loved it. The service was excellent. Cannot say one negative thing about this place. Will definitely be going back.
Excellent food and service, Kati Chicken is worth trying and the Veggie Mushroom Saag also, glad these guys are here in Bed Stuy!
me & my co workers ordered delivery lunch specials chicken tikka masala and chicken curry.  first our orders came in time and it was gooood!  We get to choose on the amount of spice - i got mild and co worker medium. we both liked the intensity of flavors!  I love the nan that was included. you can dip it in the sauce.  will definitely try other dishes!!!
I ordered the garlic chicken, and the food was a runny mess. The food had approximately 4 small pieces of chicken. The consistency of the food was like soup. The food was very greasy. Two stars only because the flavor was decent.
This was my first and unfortunately last time I order from this place I gave 2 stars because my order came before time. I ordered the 2 vegetable appetizers  large shrimp masala and a type of salmon we spent almost 50 dollars. The shrimp were over cooked and chewy and my husband only had 5 pieces drowned in sauce. My salmon dish was okay but again drowned in sauce. I am amazed at the great reviews it received which prompted me to buy from this restaurant. Me and my husband were left still feeling hungry
Took my daughter here for her birthday, it's a nice little place the prices are extremely reasonable, and we really enjoyed the food,we had chicken  biryani, lamb masala, beef vindaloo and a bunch of other things, the owner was  extremely affable, when he learned that it was my daughters birthday he gave us complimentary ice cream. We had a blast
I live 2 blocks away and was so excited to welcome an Indian restaurant to the neighborhood. However my excitement turned to disappointment. Two orders (on different days) and more than $70 later, I can safely say this food is bad. Tasteless and just ...bad. The lamb curry was a tasteless soup with bits of chewy ...meat? The banana fritters and somosas were soggy and thick. The lassi is clearly a commercial goop that gets poured into small cups with a premium price. The gallon jug from which it's poured is right there in the fridge out front. I could go on, but why bother. They're not even trying--and that's what disappoints. I hope they get better, but I'll wait a while. Hopefully another Indian place will open. They won't have to do much to compete with this place.
such amazing indian food! really authentic and so yummy and flavorful. the staff was really kind and helpful too. happy to have them in the neighborhood! i'll be returning :)
