I've had Cafe China a few times now for lunch pickup and it has been consistently amazing. The lunch special pricing on the entrees is also very wallet friendly. My meal of mapo tofu today was $11 pre tax and tip and came with rice and a hot and sour soup (or spring roll) as part of the lunch special. Pretty awesome for a Michelin starred restaurant!The Ma Po tofu my be my favorite thing I've had at the restaurant so far! It has so much flavor and just the right amount of spice for me. Note: I love spicy so what's good to me may be too spicy for other people. Previously have had the Spicy Cumin Lamb and the King Pao Chicken and I would recommend those as well! Can't say much about the service other than they've always had my meal ready to go within the pickup time. The decor of the restaurant looks simple but really nice.
This Michelin rated Chinese restaurant did not disappoint. Everything we ordered was flavorful and tasty, food came out fast, the restaurant was clean, and service was attentive. Originally we made a reservation for 4 on their website (to be on the safe side) but made a note that it was only going to be 2. They called us a couple hours before our reservation and said they would have to cancel it because they do not take reservations for parties of 4 or less. Since we still wanted to eat here and didn't want to wait for a long time during their busy dinner times, we headed over to eat around 4:30 pm (Saturday). The restaurant was about 1/3 full and still had a decent amount of seating left. We decided on the Husband & Wife Special (cold sliced beef and tripe in chili peanut sauce), Double Cooked Pork (pork belly with leek and chili peppers), Chinese broccoli, and Mapo Tofu. All of the items we ordered came out at the same time with a wait time of about 10 minutes. The Husband & Wife special was flavorful but probably our least favorite out of everything we ordered (wouldn't order this again). The Double Cooked Pork was awesome and probably our favorite dish that we ordered, the Chinese broccoli was very basic but went well with everything we ordered (would recommend ordering a vegetable side with your main entree), and the Mapo Tofu was tasty and probably one of the best I've had at a Chinese restaurant.Overall, a very easy/quick, affordable Michelin restaurant to try in NYC. I would definitely come back to try other things with a larger group so that I can make a reservation and try multiple things!
We came here for dinner with a friend who's a big fan of the place, and it certainly lived up to all the rave reviews he had for it. Great food, interesting ambiance and attentive service means that you cannot go wrong with this Michelin-starred restaurant.We walked in on a Saturday night and we were a group of five so we had to wait outside for a bit. Once seated, our server was friendly and answered all our questions to our satisfaction. We got a round of drinks which were all quite tasty and well made, and moved on to the food. To eat, we got:- Kung Pao chicken: This was tasty and a bit different from the standard Kug pao chicken you get elsewhere. Could have been a bit spicier IMO- Cumin Lamb: This was tasty, spicy and well flavored. The meat was very well cooked too. Quite delicious- Double cooked pork: This was really good, made with pork belly and a good amount of spice- Sauteed clams Schezuan style: Tasty but not spectacular- Lotus seed puree (dessert): Unique and tasty! Not too sweet but an interesting texture.The decor is here is quite unique and styled like an old-fashioned living room. It seemed fairly laid back and not overly stuffy or formal kind. Also, this is a no-tipping establishment but the service was excellent regardless.Would come back here again to try out more dishes from their menu.
Once upon a time in a land far, far away from Murray Hill called Morningside Heights was the world's greatest Chinese style restaurant nestled on the corner of 110th St and Broadway. Cafe China (CC) comes close. For starters, CC is spicy squared and not for the faint-hearted. If you prefer Cantonese style offerings go elsewhere. This is a Szechuan joint and they are proud of it.On my inaugural visit I ordered beef with green chili peppers, scallion pancakes (like all good boys that look like me order), sauted broccoli and the fried rice.  All were excellent. Except that there was too much sauce. Dial the sauce back a bit and we may have an example of culinary greatness from the far east. While the scallion pancake was too greasy for my taste buds, It is noteworthy that the beef they used in my main dish had a texture and taste better than that of any beef dish from any other Chinese style restaurant that I have visited--and I've visited a few.Service was excellent despite my swinging by on a busy night. Moreover, while waiting for a table the bartender conjured up a couple of incredible vodka based martinis (so what if I'm old school)? I can't wait to return which I will do the minute the fire in mouth from the chilis is extinguished.
Do you like some flavor in your food?  We're not talking just heat, but a kick of spice?  If you say yes then Cafe China is the place for you.So you're probably looking into Cafe China because you heard that this is one of the most affordable Michelin starred restaurants in town, well do yourself a favor and a flavor and come try it for yourself.  The place is small so I'd really reccomend making a reservation, or coming at an off time (2 on a Tuesday maybe).  The service is good, gratuity is included in the menu price. That mala food though is the reason to be here.  The pepper leaves your mouth tingling and the sweat beading.  Please for your own sake get the hot dumplings and at least one of the duck dishes, that tea smoked duck is heavenly.  It will stick with you for life.  The peppers in the spicier dishes leave your tongue tingingling for hours, in a good way.Stop reading reviews, and start walking your way to Cafe China.
Stumbled upon this place when searching for a Chinese restaurant in midtown. Didn't even realized its a Michelin Star restaurant until I went in in person. Quality food but not authentic szechuan cuisine. Overall experience  was good. Service is quite good for a Chinese restaurant. Always filling my water and asking if we needed anything. Removal of tipping is kind of weird but I am expecting that that's factored in somewhere. Cost is fair for eating at Manhattan. We didn't eat much and the bill was about 50 for 2 plates and 2 appetizers. My favorite dish was Kung Fu shrimp. A lot of flavors from the spices and the shrimp was perfectly fried. The rest of the dishes were OK...but that may just be me being picky with Chinese with food...
Very Chinese home style cooking. A great place for real Chinese food without the crazy environment
I'm thoroughly convinced that Café China was named by somebody in Finance and Accounting, for no other breed of humans could possibly have formulated such a clever, imaginative, creative name for a Chinese restaurant. Since I don't keep up with culinary awards, I would never have known about this inconspicuously located restaurant on 37th Street (the word on the street is that they earned a Michelin star). It just happened to be the only Chinese restaurant in the area that was able to accommodate a large party of my colleagues for a Chinese New Year dinner. On my first time dining here, my group ordered a number of different items to share. The spicy soft-shell crab and the three pepper chicken were too spicy for everybody else at my table, so I was able to have them all to myself, which resulted in some discomfort the next morning as payback for my gluttonous enjoyment of these two numbingly spicy dishes; I will spare you the details. The tea smoked duck was a hit with the entire party. It was perfectly tender, moist, and full of flavor. The desserts, such as the green tea gelato mochi and the pumpkin doughnuts (filled with a sweet red bean paste) are a good way to end a meal that was spicy enough to make glistening beads appear on my brow with every bite.
Very Shanghai-nese old-timey cafe from the 1930s feel. If you've ever watched the tv show "romance in the rain" you'd feel like you were in the show. Food was delicious with a Szechuan kick. Lunch choices are very reasonably priced and there's a no tipping policy as they pay their staff a living wage! Loved the cumin lamb and double cooked pork and chicken lunch special! Each comes with a spring roll or hot and sour soup. For an appetizer we got the chili dumplings and they were the perfect hot sweet soy sauce with translucent dumpling skin.Service was prompt and quick, glasses were refilled on time. However, the air conditioning didn't seem to be working and the fans weren't making a difference it felt. If they fix this, it'd be five stars! Oh, and this place has won a Michelin star four years running!
Fancied Chinese so went for dinner at around 7.30pm. Advice was that there was a 1hr wait so we put our name and number down and got a call about 45min later to say our table was ready. This Michelin star restaurant has a 'B' sanitary rating, if that's something that bothers you...?We sat down in a nice wall booth for two and were given the small, nicely presented menu. Sections include cold appetisers, dim sum, vegetables and entrees. All reasonably priced and tipping included. I went for the sautéed duck with ginger off the entrees menu - the description read "sliced duck with bell pepper &a ginger". When it came out I was surprised that it was about 70% bell peppers - it's not like I ordered off the vegetables menu. Anyway, it tasted great. Like really good. No complaints there, just perturbed I had to fish through a sea of bell peppers to get to the duck. My wife had the baby ribs, which I didn't try but she said they were tough and left most of themTBH, id probably go back and try some of the other dishes because it's close, very reasonably priced and great flavours. Could be I just made a poor selection
I am writing this review on one specific part of my lunch experience yesterday.  At the conclusion of my meal (a bit oversalted on my fish in chili sauce, btw), I wanted clarification on their tipping policy, since I thought I had read something about no tipping in their restaurant.  I asked two employees - one a busser/server and the second one who wasn't in a uniform and I'm guessing, a manager, based on his street clothes.  Neither one would confirm that tip was included in the bill. The server said tip was not included.  The manager said something along the lines of "it is kind of taken into consideration,  but kind of not," which left me more confused than ever.  My credit card receipt had no space for including a tip. Was I to tip cash?  I basically had one dollar on me so I left that on the table for my $14 dollar lunch.  As I left the restaurant, I saw a sign posted on their window that it was a "no tipping" restaurant.  Management: would you care to let that be known to your employees, please?Not sure why they couldn't just tell me directly, thanks, but no need to leave any tips??
Order the Mao Po Tofu! It's amazing but that's only if you like spicy and flavorful food. The string beans and bok choy are also good and taste just like the ones served at other authentic Chinese restaurants. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the steamed ribs and rice that was wrapped in a leaf was horrible. My friends didn't like it at all and you could tell from its color and texture how unappetizing it was. The Szechuan fish with red chilli was good but compared to the Mao Po Tofu, didn't have much flavor.I wouldn't recommend ordering a cocktail cause a tiny glass of it is definitely not worth $15.
Went on a Saturday around 8pm without reservation and was told that the waiting time is around 45 mins. Luckily we only waited around 30 mins and we got in.Good decor good food. Love all the dishes we had today (soup dumplings, smoke tea duck, ma po tofu, some kinda vegetables, rice wine soup etc). The only thing that could be improved is that the dishes are served in the speed of lightning. I went to the restroom right after ordering and came back to a table full of food (warm food). It's good because we were starving but the dishes just went cold really soon. Will love to dine here again. 100% recommend.
The veggie potstickers & scallion pancakes were average. The baby back ribs in sweet and sour sauce were terrible. We didn't even eat them. They were dry, too salty and just not worth it.We only stopped by here because it was really close to our hotel. We got takeout so maybe eat in is better? Not a good experience for the items we ordered.
Lived up to its Michelin star. Walked in at around 6:00pm on a Friday and there was a 45 minute wait for a table but two open seats at the bar which we grabbed. We started with the vegetable potstickers ($9) and steamed soup buns ($8). I wasn't too impressed by these. They both came with a dipping sauce that I found too vinegary to enjoy. However the entrees more than made up for it.The Fish Blossom ($28) is an entire boneless tilapia (alongside it's head & tail) swimming in a house-made sweet & sour sauce. It's huge; large enough to be a shared main course if you're also getting appetizers. We didn't even need the Chungking Spicy Chicken ($18) which was our second entree. Even though we didn't finish it, I didn't regret ordering it as it was a delicious blend of lightly-oiled, spice-covered chicken sautéed with peppers. It was listed at the max spice level on the menu, but I didn't find that it had so much kick that it was more punishing than tasty. There's no tipping so the total came out to less than $100 for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a cocktail. Not bad!
Lunch portion isn't huge but is great for the price and neighborhood. The mapo tofu seemed bland at first bite...but then that true Sichuan peppercorn tingling mouth numbing spice kicked in. Excellent. I'm not sure this came with minced meat since I couldn't find any in the dish. I usually down vote hot and sour soup because it is so gloopy or underwhelming, but here it was amazing and had a really good sourness and spiciness to it. Great lunch option.
The quality of the food here is top-notch but it's super pricey. I've been to quite a few Sichuan restaurants since that was always my family's favorite, and I have to say I was impressed by the quality of the food here. The portion sizes are pretty big (standard Chinese restaurant sizes) and the food was served really quickly (within 5 minutes of ordering).Food: We got the twice cooked pork, chungking braised fish with red sauce (probably the quintessential Szechuan dish), eggplants, and szechuan style cold noodles (as an appetizer). All the dishes were delicious. The pork belly in the twice cooked pork was very moist and tender. The red sauce of the braised fish dish was very authentic (more numbing than spicy, so if you haven't had szechuan food before, that takes some getting used to). The fish fillets were very creamy and soft and I thought adding soft tofu to the dish was a nice touch. The eggplants were pretty standard, and the cold noodles were above my expectations. You don't have to tip here (in fact, they have a sign that says "no tipping" on their window) so that counters the cost a little but I still think this place is pretty overpriced for what it is. I think every dish we had was probably 2x what I normally pay to eat the same dish somewhere else and I just wouldn't be able to justify eating here on a regular basis no matter how good the dishes are.
Came here on a Sunday night with my friend. The place was busy for a Sunday night and the wait was about an hour. My friend really loves Chinese food so we stuck it out and visited a bar around the corner. The place isn't real fancy just a really comfortable vibe. The food was really tasty and affordable. We ordered the fragrant filet of sole, the duck fried rice, the lamb, shrimp dumplings and the Dan Dan noodles I believe the name was. I enjoyed everything except the shrimp dumplings they use dry shrimp to enhance the flavor and it just didn't do it for me. My friend however loved them, we didn't try any cocktails. The bill came to $80 and there's no tip for dine in customers.
Second visit and I had the double cooked pork which was the best double cooked pork i ever had. Period. Sorry short review since I already said everything else in the previous review of this restaurant.
The food is delicious.  We stay at the Langham when in the city and I try to eat here every time I can.  My favorites are the Dan Dan noodles, green beans, chunking chicken, pork dumplings, pork fried rice, eggplant.....   Well, you get the idea.  It's all very tasty.  Get there early because they get very busy starting at 6-630 everyday.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the area!
Used to be 4*, but they recently changed chefs and their menu a bit. It's really not as good as it used to be, the quality's dropped off quite a bit. And they removed my 2 favorite things off the menu.. Both of which were immensely popular so I imagine the chef took it with him.Come for lunch on the weekdays, it's much more worth it. Otherwise, it's far too expensive for what you're getting.
Nice place, amazing food (my favourites: pork dumplings in chili oil and pork belly sezchuan style..idk if i spell it correctly), great service.Only concerns: paper napkins (that really makes this amazing space looks a little bit cheaper) and the slippery chopstick (I am usually a pro, but this time I had to disgracefully ask for a fork)!But definitely suggested :) loved it and will come back for sure!
This place is unreal. The spicy cumin lamb is to die for and the husband and wife special is very authentic. Definitely one of the best places to get authentic Szechuan cuisine in NYC. Prices are reasonable and the portions are good.Have also tried the mapo tofu with minced pork which is good as well as the sweet and sour pork. The normal dumplings are great and the ones in chili oil are too heavy. I would avoid their vegetables because they're just very bland.
Odd location since its some pretty good darn Chinese for its further proximity to chinatown. What you do get: nice atmosphere, trendy crowd, bar tender.What you don't get: greasy, salty, large unhealthy proportions.Different than your average Chinese to note. Given that, we ordered the Kung pao (how unauthentic, I know!), husband/wife beef (must try for the tingly sensation alone!), spinach (which anyone can do, but how do they do it so well?) and some beef concoction served over steamed pumpkin (because why not?). Not Chinese myself but it tasted pretty dang authentic and if not authentic, still out of this world in flavah!That said, we sat by the Michelin star sign, which can only amplify your meal right? Having that on our palette, we were ready for this experience and it didn't disappoint. One day, we will be back, probably not for the Kung pao, but perhaps to get something I can't pronounce. Yum!
Recently enjoyed a dinner here with a party of 10 for my birthday, and it was excellent. I mainly made the reservation because I was looking for a Chinese restaurant close to Grand Central, and I'm glad we found this place.The interior decoration of the restaurant was dim and beautiful. I noticed prices were slightly higher than at other chinese restaurants, but maybe to be expected given the location. And the food (we ordered at least 10 dishes) was very good. The restaurant surprised me with a chocolate mousse cake with a candle and started to sing happy birthday, which was a first for me and made the experience pretty magical.
We had 12 people of various countries to Cafe CHINA together. We ordered some typical Czechuan foods like steamed beef, husband and wife's beef, Mapo Toufu, fried Chili Chicken, and some non spicy foods like Fish Blossom, sweet pork rib etc. All of them are very delicious and everyone like it. The service is pretty good, helpful to suggest how many dishes for 12 people and what kind of dishes we could order. And the most impressive thing is that you don't need tipping with such good services.  Although we ordered the normal portion with 10 dishes and everybody was full after taking them all, the average cost per person is only $22. Amazing! Many of us said would come back again. I would say if you go to Chinese restaurant, the more people you can enjoy the foods more!
My favorite was cumin lamb, the best I've had. bok choy was really good. dan dan noodles weren't as good as I hoped it to be but still enjoyed it. mapo tofu was good. double cooked pork was disappointing. would totally go back.
This place was recommended to me by a good friend of mine and she is very aware of my aversion towards Asian food in the city. She has been several times and she really wanted me try this place out. Overall, I think it was a solid choice, I thought the hits were very memorable but the misses were very off. I would say it was more of a 3.5, the flavors were respectable, but it was definitely a bit more tamed than I would have liked. The clientele is mostly Caucasian with few pockets of Asian. The decor was quite interesting, kinda felt like how Chinese restaurants would have looked like in the 60's.The food:Husband & Wife Special- sliced beef & tripe seasoned with chili-peanut sauce. This is a very popular Szechuan dish that I order all the time and the version here was good. The beef and tripe were cooked and seasoned well. I would get this again. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef Tendon- with peppercorn & Chili peppers. I thought the version here was good. The flavors were nice but the tendon needed to be cooked more. If it was more tender, it would have been great.Mouth Watering Chicken- Poached chicken with chili-sesame sauce. The idea of eating boiled poultry doesn't appeal to me. I am not a fan of the taste nor texture and the one here was no different. There was also an odd poultry flavor from the chicken that I didn't care for.Ginger flavored Bitter Melon-  I normally despise bitter melon since I hate the flavor, the version here was actually cooked nicely and had a wonderful crunch. The melon was cooked down till it became tender and took off a lot of that bitter edge, the melon was also sliced in a way that it felt like I was eating celery.Baby Black Lamb- Lamb with bell pepper, seasoned with bean curd. A few at the table thought this was their fav dish, but for me it was just OK. I did enjoy the flavor of the lamb but the chewiness and dryness of the meat was very off putting for me. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Tea Smoked Duck- I was really excited to try this dish since I am a big fan of duck but this was one of my least fav dish of the night. I thought the duck was dry, flavorless and the chewiness bothered me. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Ma Po Tofu-  I think this was one of the better versions of Ma Po Tofu I ever had. I really like the flavor of the sauce but the big selling point for me was the texture of the tofu. Normally, the dish is made with very soft tofu but the one here is made with a more firm tofu and they were cut into cubes instead of little tofu particles. I really enjoyed the texture of the cubes. I think the Ma Po Tofu is a must. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Fish Blossom- Crispy whole tilapia in house made sweet & sour sauce. This was my least fav dish of the night. The sweet and sour was only sweet, it wasn't sour at all and the sweet was sooooo overbearing. Then there was this weird pasty taste to the fish like uncooked floor or cornstarch, it did not have a pleasant mouth feel. This was collectively the worst dish of the night.Braised Pork Szechuan Style- pork belly in pickled mustard green sauce. I have had this dish in my life many times, while the flavors here were good, I expected the pork belly to more tender and unctuous. The pickled veg is a great pairing to the pork. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Delicious and authentic Chinese restaurant conveniently located in midtown.- FOOD: My coworkers and I frequented this restaurant often, and let's just say that we're all pretty good judges of authentic Chinese food. I also hosted a birthday dinner here, since I enjoyed my past experiences so much. The mapo tofu 麻婆豆腐 (spicy tofu) is great, and I also really enjoy the sigua 清炒丝瓜 (sauteed loofah, which sounds odd, but it's delicious), along with other vegetable dishes. This is a great place for a table to order and share dishes so you can get the most variety.- FOR THE VEGGIES: Lots of great options here, including tofu and a diversity of vegetable dishes. - SERVICE: The service is friendly and attentive. For my birthday one year, we had a table in a semi-private room that worked out wonderfully.- ATMOSPHERE: This is a medium-sized restaurant that can get a bit noisy around peak meal times because it is so popular. The decor is borrowed from jazz-age Shanghai, which makes it simultaneously unique and classy.
This place has amazing food and not outrageous prices considering it has one Michelin star. The sweet potato pancakes are amazing and so is the pork dim sum. The steamed beef was good but not great. I wouldn't waste my order again on it considering everything else we ate, like the kung Lao chicken, was sooo good. The service was good. Only one bad thing was that the fans were on full blast but it wasn't out so it was FREEZING in the restaurant, also I don't want a fan blowing directly on my food trying to keep it hot for as long as possible. Overall a good experience I would highly recommend.
Great service but not so great food. Reasonable price for lunch. I've been there multiple times but the quality of food goes down recently that's why I decided to write a review here. BTW, the worst experience was, a month ago, there was a worm in my fried veggies. I felt something wrong in my month then I spit it out. When I saw what it was, I FREAKED OUT COMPLETELY.
Cafe China is the best chinese food I have ever eaten. I've been here plenty of times for lunch, and dinner, and each time Cafe China leaves me impressed. Let me start by saying that I am typically not a person who enjoys spicy food, BUT, there are some rare exceptions, and you guessed it, Cafe China is one of these exceptions. When having lunch, ALWAYS, and I mean ALWAYS start with a hot and sour soup. It's spicy, but my goodness, it's worth the burn. I also typically have the three pepper steak with brown rice. The steak strips are accompanied by diced chili peppers. Hot? yes. Good, so good it hurts. If you're in the area, give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. Word to the wise, show up either before or after the lunch rush, the waits can get long.
not as good as china blue but still a good restaurant, very popular even if you can find better values
Love the food and decorations there. The fish are very flesh. The Shanghai and Sichuan cuisines they serve are one of the most authentic in New York
good spicy and numb. But lack of delicious. Michelin 1-star? No kidding.
I read the other Yelp reviews and was excited to try cafe China. I made a reservation for 6 since that was the last one and was late but we we're able to be seated rather quickly. We dined on a Saturday evening and were a party of 5 it was quite busy as expected but they didn't rush us to leave.We ordered the pork fried dumplings in chili oil which are amazing and must tryWe had shrimp dumplings and also vegetable potstickers since some people didn't eat pork, they were ok.Entrees we had three pepper chicken, steamed whole fish with ginger and scallion and another chicken dish that was mild.The three pepper chicken was great it was spicy The whole steamed fish was excellent the flavor and aroma of ginger was really good we didn't leave anything on our plates.For the price and quality of ingredients I would comeback again. Service is very good too. It is a must try for good authentic Chinese in midtown.
One of the best Chinese restaurants in this city. We waited a little bit more than an hour outside. And surprisingly it made me felt the wait was worth it. Vegetable dishes were abnormally fresh. That 3 pepper chicken dish was outstanding. Strong but balanced spice.Will come back plus recommend to others.
The food was good. Nice location clean and pleasant. A bit pricy for Chinese food it is the same Koa Pung chicken as every place. Wont sit us down until all the guests arrived. The food arrived quickly and promptly.Comfortable seating.
The cocktails here are delicious and well-balanced, a great variety of the drinks and reasonably priced. The pork fried dumplings were very good. The bok choy with garlic was fantastic and perfect to split with a group.My veggie friends got the mapo tofu and vinegar fried potatoes and loved them. A great place for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. They only accept reservations of 4+. Be sure to get there early or put your name in and grab a drink nearby like we did. They will call you when your table is ready.
Overall a very standard Chinese restaurant with reasonable price and good food.i love the sweet and sour pork dish. Very authentic and in big quantity .
==loved==Pork dumplings in chili oil==Liked==Hot and sour soupEgg rollTea smoked duck==meh==Cumin lambDouble cooked pork==disliked==Mapo tofuHusband and wife beefDan dan mian2 stars if it weren't for the dumplings, which have a great sauce
Their wait is long. Really long. Why? Because the food is that good. We got lucky and were seated at the bar within 30 min. recommendations pork dumplings in chili oil and cumin lamb. Their scallion pancakes looked great so will be sure to try them next time.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world and I'm not generally a fan of Chinese food
Not sure what the hype is about.The service is good and that is about all I could think of right now.Ordered mapo tofu, it was oily and mediocre at best. Small portion too.The steamed beef with squash was ok, but the beef wasn't as silky as its supposed to be. It's not a terrible place but nothing special in my opinion.
Very delicious Chinese food! Six of us ordered six main dishes to share and two orders of steamed pork buns. And we finished everything! each dish has its unique flavor. Really really tasty. Service was excellent. We went on a Sunday evening and the place was packed. Luckily we had a reservation and got seated quickly. Waiters filled up water constantly and brought up rice as soon as we finished what we had. Very reasonable price, considering that you don't have to tip. Portions are little bit on the small side. We will definitely visit again when I am in the city next time.
late review, was there back in june and enjoyed it.  i was actually skeptical at first and would rather opt for a restaurant in chinatown.  after dining there, i was soooo glad i didn't bc of the braised pork...well deserved 1 michelin star just bc of that dish!service was great, small restaurant, they don't take dinner reservations and have eliminated tipping.  2 of us got there around 615 and waited 30mins, which wasn't too bad.Braised Pork Szechuan Style - i had my share of braised pork and OMG, we were bbblown away!  it was sooooooo tender, full of flavor and better than my dad's and his is out of this world already so you can just imagine, how amazing this dish is.  i can still taste it!    fish blossom - beautiful presentation, tasted pretty good, meat was tender but the skin could have probably used couple more mins in the oil (some parts, the flour was a bit under cooked) & was boneless!ma po tofu - best one i ever had!  eggplant szechuan style - love the vibrant colors but was just ok, a bit too salty, no wow factor dan dan noodles - we were excited for this since we both are HUGE spicy fans so we asked our server to make it extra spicy.  when we took our first bite, disappointed flooded our faces.  it was pretty mild and could be more peanuty. that being said, it wasn't a total fail, still tasty & had a good texture.  if we revisit, will probably give it another chance & hope it'll be extra spicy.
The food is true to its Szechuan cuisine in terms of preparation style. The execution is why I'm giving it 3 stars. Vegetable dumplings: the dumpling covering was way too thick, and the filling was too dried out.Three pepper chicken: perfectly spicy, but sadly a bit over seasonedMapo tofu: good dish (spicy again, and when this place says spicy....please take it seriously)The service is a bit rushed, they clearly want to turn tables quickly. Considering the wait for this place since they don't take reservations during peak hours (the wait is close to an hour during dinner time), it isn't a place I'm going to be yearning to return to.
The food was authentic. Better than most of the Chinese restaurant hereThe staffs are nice and friendly. Maybe biased because they know us though. The decoration is a hug plus. I like the style. It's very nostalgic
I've been there since they opened. Many people don't like it because cafe china  got Michelin star, they think this restaurant isn't that good. But honestly, they really have decent food and their menu is special among all these Chinese restaurants in city. They are the first Chinese restaurant in NYC who doesn't sell general tso's beef or chicken broccoli. Forget about Michelin, they ARE good Chinese restaurant.
Best Chinese I've had in New York. Their cocktails are also excellent, as is the service.
I will use this to remember my favorite dishes so that I know what to order next time. Double cooked pork belly is the best I've had in New York.
The restaurant has nice environment and atmosphere, good service and food. The price is descent. We came here because it's Michelin 1 Star restaurant. I would say they deserve it.
Love this place., i felt that i've just had authentic Chinese food.. this place made my tummy happy., when i have a chance to go back to nyc, definitely will come back.
Here's what I tried:Three pepper chicken - Dry, chewy chicken and monotonous spiciness (but the spice level was good!). Too greasy. Dan dan noodles - The noodles are too thin and not the right kind. They're not chewy enough... too flimsy. Also, there is no flavor other than the spicy oil. It needs more pickled vegetables or something else in there!Lunch special is a good deal ($9 for rice, entree, and an eggroll or soup), but you have to spend at least $10 for delivery so you end up ordering more food than necessary. I ordered through Yelp for delivery and found it very slow, but the staff was incredibly nice when I called to check on my food. I'll have to try other things based on these good reviews, but I wasn't in love with what I Tried so far.
If I wanna eat Szechuan meal at nice modern atmosphere, this is my go to place because I always enjoy their meal!! My favorite so far is "three pepper chicken" and "beef with butter nuts squash". Honestly speaking, their soup dumplings are okay but not the best. I feel their dough is bit thick.
I struggled with this. This review is based solely on the food, since I thought the service was actually quite good (not super polished, but very welcoming and friendly).A larger complaint of Szechuanese food is the sheer amount of oil, and this was even worse - quite possibly greasier than cheap chinese takeout. Dishes tried;Kung pao chicken - just ok. Just chicken/peanuts/chilis, so don't expect vegetables. Flavors were meh.3 pepper chicken - also just ok. Had better. Eggplant garlic sauce - so much oil. so much. Flavors were good, but do you really want to have oil soup with some eggplant in it?Sauteed lotus - my favorite dish of the set because it was subtle yet flavorful and not greasy.sweet potato pancake - soo greasy. couldn't even have more than one bite because it was drenched in oil.
Consistently delicious and a good value!  Always a winning combo.  (It's gotta be for me to cart dinner takeout for eight people onto a train!!)The Eggplant in Garlic Sauce is always a winner, as are the Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs and the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil.  Just tried the Szechuan Pickled Vegetables, and they were spicy and delicious, too!
Well, I'm convinced that this place is racist towards white people. My husband and I have tried to come here several times after work (from a Monday to a Thursday) and never are they able to sit a party of two for under an hour to 1.5 hour wait (and yes, we are white). Miraculously, Asian couples standing behind us are able to sit without much wait (even though this place apparently doesn't take reservations for parties under 4). We won't be coming back. I've had lunch here a few times and while I crave the mapo tofu from time to time, by no means does this place deserve a michelin star, much less my hard earned cash. A better place is Evergreen on 38th Street (one block from Cafe China). At least there you will get a seat and decent Chinese food without being judged.
I am a huge fan of China Blue, and I love Sichuan cuisine, we had dinner here on Thanksgiving, the house was quite full but the wait was pretty much about 5 minutes.The snack dishes were so good, I think we ordered about 10 of them, and had spicy fish filet and stir-fried beef as entrees, the pan fried sweet potato cakes were so crispy and sweet but not too heavy, the spicy chicken starters were also great. I had a very bad experience with the waiter that night, I asked for sparking water like Pellegrino, he offered me a Perier at the table and gave an attitude, I said it's fine since I absolutely didn't want tab water. And then he never came for table service. It was a holiday and I felt that I wasn't treated the way I would have liked.
This place has a Michelin star and it was well deserved. I'm a frequent visitor of Cafe China's sister restaurant China Blue which has very similar classy 30's Shanghainese vibe to it.Food 5/5Overall very good. With the exception of the food being a bit too salty sometimes. Note that this is a Szechuan restaurant so they are known for their spicy foods. My advice when eating here is to ask for mild unless you very high tolerance for spicy food. Even dishes with 4 peppers can be cooked less spicy and be very delicious.Service 5/5No complaints here. Just another great example of no tip restaurants being superior.
This restaurant was horribly disappointing.  I did not like one of the dishes I order and they refused to switch the item for anything else or offer any type of alternative solution.  The manager was rude and they were very obnoxious because they have a Michelin star which they ABSOLUTELY do not deserve.  I have been to many restaurants across the country and this has no place for that type of recognition.
Cafe Chine is a little on the pricy side, but it's also a no-tip restaurant and, as my friends stated, I'm willing to pay extra if it means the servers earn a living wage. And the service was actually really excellent: the waiters were very prompt and personable, which is not that common at Chinese restaurants.The food was great, although portion sizes varied by dish. (Some were a good size, while others were smaller than I'd expect.) The tea smoked duck, one of my favorite Sichuanese dishes, is REALLY smoky (i.e. excellent). They also have rabbit on the menu, which was why I went here (as I was craving Sichuanese rabbit). The menu was excellent and most of the dishes exceeded my expectations (while the ones that didn't exceed them at least met them).All in all, this is one of my top picks for Sichuanese cuisine in the city.
Great experience. Unlike any other restaurant in the city offering Chinese food.  A full 5 for the decor, food and service. Cocktails were very meh though (I tried the Lust Cautious, which had a weird canned juice smell and taste, so switched to Old Fashioned) . Spicy is really spicy here. We had a wide variety of food - the most memorable were the scallion pancakes, vegetable pot stickers, Kung pao chicken, spicy lamb, vegetarian fried rice, duck fried rice, and some thin noodles in just a lot of chilli oil which was surprisingly the simplest and the most delicious (but spicy!)
The best Chinese restaurant in NYC, the food really good that's is really Chinese food! Love it!
Finally got to try this Michelin star restaurant! Happen to be in the area at 9 pm on a Monday night and there was no wait. Ordered the dan dan noodles, mapo tofu, and double cooked pork belly. Spiciness is on point with the tofu, and not over. Pork belly is also great if you are in the mood for MEAT. Personally, less a fan of the dan dan noodles maybe bc it's dry and that's probably the nature of this type of noodle. Otherwise, service is amazing, waiters and waitresses were super nice and friendly. Love the old Shanghai paintings on the hall and the different music they play ranging from Cantonese classics to Melodramatic Kpop. The feel of the restaurant does remind me of Shanghai even though the food takes adaptations from Sichuan. I would totally come back when I'm in the mood for spicy! Dian ge Zan.
I would give the food here 4 stars but what makes me give 3 stars is the people work there... All the waiters and waitresses are young kids and I happened to sit right behind their counter so I can't help but not to hear how they act so unprofessionally, joking with each other and laughing like they are in a high school classroom.  At one point I hear one of them teaching another how to say a f word in Cantonese.  When i went to the restroom in the back, I saw a waiter taking a nap sitting at one of the back tables.
We have come here for 2 year on Easter and have had an amazing lunch! The scallion pancakes are crispy and full of flavor especially with the sauce. The Kung pao chicken is spicy but mild enough for young kids to eat it! I could go on and on.... their service is also great!! Make reservations though this place fills up fast!! Enjoy
Stopped in for a late lunch. It was cold, and soup sounded great. Admittedly I chose based on location, I walked past, it looked decent. The soup was great, lunch special looked wonderful. Now for the not so wonderful: The guy working the counter, who I presume is the manager of sorts was rude. Not in the respect that it was busy, he was tired, or otherwise. Rude in the sense that he either lacked human-socialization, or just chooses to be an ill-mannered ass. I didn't once see him actually speak to a customer. He would bring food, make feign attempts to refil drinks, return bills, etc. All of this done without once speaking to a human. When he refilled my water glass, the pitcher ran out. Instead of searching for another pitcher, he simply walked away leaving my glass half-full; again without ever speaking, making eye contact, or any other proclivity that would elude to his desire to act like a human being. That in and of itself is enough to keep me from returning. I can easily place myself in the company of jerks without having to pay for it.
Chinese food is one of my favorite ethnic cuisines in the world. I love it!That being said, I rarely have it. Why, it's my wifes least favorite ethnic cuisines in the world. Oops, grounds for divorce; hardly.She will eat it solely in the Mother Land: Hong Kong. Other than that city, forget about it.We are here in New York for the holidays and I have eaten at the China Cafe before. It is truly a cut above most Chinese restaurants. The bar mixes great concoctions, the kitchen is so creative and spot on making some very eclectic dishes. This is Chinese food fine dining at its best without the white table cloths and tuxedo'ed waiters.We had tripe in chili sauce, Dan Dan Noodles, sweet and sour baby back ribs, tofu dish some snow peas and rice. Wow, what a feast. I loved everything we ordered and would have liked 3 dishes more (to try) but I was stuffed.More importantly my wife loved the food and the restaurant as a whole. That was huge endorsement just how good The China Cafe is. It was so good, as we were walking out, she asked, when will we be coming back.  Bravo!
I came here for lunch today with coworkers, and I am very surprised to find out now that it was one star Michelin rated. I am so so so surprised, because I thought the food was just okay, nothing amazing. We ordered the beef tendon and chili oil pork wontons for the table, and while the flavor for both of them were good, the wontons skin was really mushy and soft. The tendon was done well though. We also got the three pepper chicken for the table, and I got the cumin lamb lunch special. The lamb was soft but the flavor wasn't very strong, and it wasn't very spicy. The chicken flavor was much better and the chicken was quite tender and not dry. Service was pretty average, they came by to refill our teas and such. Not super impressed. Inside decor was nice but the table we were at was really small - this place is definitely not suited for big groups (we were ten people and were squished around one table, not very comfortable at all).
Good taste food, not too spicy for szechuan. Delivery service is really good and fast!
Pretty good spot, quite authentic but I was with someone who doesn't eat spicy food so I didn't get to try much!! I'll definitely go back.
Found this place on yelp. It was fantastic and had tons of flavor. I am only in NYC for a few days and this was a great delivery option to my hotel.
This is a restaurant that I find myself coming to regularly if I'm in the area and in the mood for Szechuan. For dinner hours the restaurant is usually busy (from 6pm-8pm no reservations for parties less than 8), the service is attentive, mostly friendly and the food is reasonably priced. I've now been here a handful of times and after having explored the menu a bit I found that there are some dishes worth coming for and others that could probably scare you away from Szechuan style cuisine altogether (avoid the smoked tea duck here ;)). I've listed what I've tried so far and included some personal grades that will hopefully serve as a bit of a guide and give some safe direction to readers;Dim Sum:1) Sweet potato pancakes-  sweet with crispy outer crust and a soft middle that could probably also be eaten for desert.  Grade B2) Pork sandwiches- were no different than any other ordinary pork bun sandwich that I've had. Grade D3) Scallion pancakes- I get these every time. Grade B+4) Dan Dan noodles-comes with a nice spicy peanut sauce but could use a bit more minced pork. Grade C5) Pork dumplings in chili oil- my favorite on this part of the menu and I'm still trying to figure out why this restaurant has not created a main dish with this fantastic chili oil sauce. I use the leftover sauce and apply it to everything that I eat here. Grade AEntrées:1) Kung fu shrimp- probably spicier than it indicates, dry dish full of dried chili and peppercorns. Grade C+2) Spicy cumin lamb- my favorite entrée so far. The scent and flavor of this dish always takes my mind to Morocco or to some Mid East spice market. Grade A-3) Sweet and sour baby ribs- the sauce is just way too overwhelmingly sweet here. This dish has potential but for now I would stay away. Grade F4) Three pepper chicken- one of the better dishes here.  Not as spicy as it indicates. Grade B5) Chunking chicken- small pieces of fried crunchy boneless chicken with lots of dried chili. Grade C+6) Kung Pao chicken- an underwhelming saucy chicken dish with potential. Grade C-7) Smoked tea duck- The skin was not crispy it was soggy and floppy and the meat was unbearably chewy. I could not get past 2 pieces (maybe 1 1/2) of this dish. When it's prepared right one of my favorite things to eat is duck so I was pretty disappointed after trying this dish. Save yourself the trouble and stay away from this one. Grade F-
- Dan Dan noodles- Any kind of dumpling- cocktail- no tipping, great service, cheap
Surely the best Szechuan food I have ever tasted! They serve small dishes for each course so that you would try more appetizers and entrees. I would like to recommend those spicy/ Szechuan food. My friends and I tasted eight dishes and they were all awesome.Though, since this restaurant is so popular and no reservation can be made between 6pm and 8:30pm, you should expect a long time of waiting. My friends and I waited for one hour and a half on Friday night, but we all agreed that it was worthy considering how nice the food was.
In NYC for the holidays as a treat to my mum (her first time here).  She wanted to get Chinese one night, so went here based on the proximity to our hotel and the Yelp reviews.Thankfully we were not disappointed !  They don't take reservations for less than 8, so we had a 20mins wait.  After a quick walk around the block we were seated.The service was friendly and prompt.   Very efficient, but yet relaxed.The food was really nice.  Definitely recommend the tea smoked duck - really nice!Would definitely go back when in town - either with other people or even on my own.
I'm kicking myself for not having taken pictures - attractive dishes in generous portions are total like-bait, or whatever kids are gathering on their Instagramps these days.At any rate, when I first read about a Michelin-starred takeout place, of course I raised an eyebrow. However, they immediately demonstrated that they were not at all your average takeout joint. First, I found their aesthetic to be solid. I've never been to 1930s Shanghai, but aside from the cafeteria-looking chairs, the decor was gorgeous.My better half and I nearly found the menu overwhelming - there was a lot going on and little explanation of it, save for the little peppers that ranked spiciness so as not to send us white folk running (let's be real, we season things with salt and water, this level of authenticity can scorch the unprepared.) Ultimately, we found a few too many things that we liked - so we crossed our fingers and got them all!As to drinks, I kept it boring with a Riesling, but my fiancee's Lykke Lychee cocktail was absolutely outstanding - I should have been more adventurous!We started with Shredded Pork Sandwiches, Sweet Potato Pancakes, and Shanghai Spring Rolls. Talk about your good choices! To start, the pork sandwiches had some surprise cilantro - funnily enough, I didn't mind. And I hate cilantro! So if that's not a testament to cooking skill, I don't know what is. The spring rolls were solid and the sweet potato pancakes were as tasty as any I've had.We then dug into the Tea-Smoked Duck and the Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs. It was probably a bad call to get -everything- on the bone, but man, it was tasty. Both dishes were very good, but I'd have to give the win to the duck, since I feel the ribs could have been a little more tender.Obviously, this resulted in a good amount of leftovers, but no regrets at all - after tip, the whole thing came out to about $100, and for a feast for two in the heart of Midtown, I have no complaints at all.
Long wait slow arrangementAcceptable authentic Chinese food Reasonable priceGood decorations Very Shanghai style
I have no idea why these place would get so many positive reviews. As a Chinese I must say this is the worst chinese restaurant i have ever been to in the US....We ordered Spicy Diced Rabbit (bone-in), Jellyfish in Scallion Pesto, Vegetable Steamed dumplings and Spicy Cumin Lamb. They put so much spice in it that you can even tell the difference between the rabbit and the lamb. The dumplings were alright but not tasty, and don't talk to me about the jellyfish...flavourless...LISTEN!!!!!  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DONT GO!!!!讲真，这是我在美国吃过最难吃的中餐，麻辣兔丁和香辣孜然羊放了太多香料你基本吃不出兔肉和羊肉的区别，只吃到花椒麻椒辣椒。饺子皮一般，有一点厚。不知道为什么那么多人会喜欢这个地方，我跟服务员抱怨说菜放了太多香料不太好吃，服务员说他也不知道，我问他没有客人有抱怨过吗，他就和敷衍的说没有，你们是第一个。。。我宁肯花多一点钱去其他地方吃都不会来这了。。。浪费钱，老上海的装修然后卖四川菜？？？！！！还号称是米其林1星，我也是无语到极点。。。。千万别来！！！！
We came here for lunch (party of 7) and will definitely be coming back. Food was absolutely delicious. We started with the baby cucumbers and ended up ordering 2 more. Cucumbers and garlic sauce was very fresh. Kung Pao chicken and Ma Po Tofu was amazing with the perfect kick of chili pepper. Fried rice with shredded duck was perfectly done. They used the meat and there was no fatty parts at all. Snow pea shoots, mushrooms, and scallion pancakes was good too.Service was good. The server always came by to refill our water.We will definitely be back for lunch/dinner!
Had dinner here last night with my eldest sister and really enjoyed it!The restaurant decor is retro and beautiful- check out all the posters on the walls (think 1920s China ads), and also the groovy typewriter we were seated by!We started off with some wonton soup (surprisingly a little spicy!) and also the Husband and Wife special (sliced beef and tripe seasoned with roasted chili-peanut sauce). The latter is a cold dish, and the spicy chili sauce also had a great kick, and the texture of the tripe and beef were chewy and just right.For main dishes we got the Ma Po Tofu and Braised Pork Szechuan style. When ordering the Ma Po Tofu, if you want meat in there, make sure to ask first! (They'll charge you an extra $1 for it though). The Ma Po Tofu was milder than I had expected, but savory and delicious. The Braised Pork was AMAZING- fat slabs of pork belly atop a bed of pickled mustard greens and bok choy. The pork belly was thick and juicy and flavorful.I think an improvement point would be service- the server got our order wrong for drinks, and also tried to take away the plates while we were still eating. Just ask next time, please!Check out their cool cocktails too! Great place for a nice dinner to unwind and have some comfort food!
The food was good and pretty authentic. I'm just really happy that I was able to find the kind of Mapo Tofu I had been looking for in NYC. Authenticity comes with A LOT OF OIL :) so if You're conscious about that, make sure you instruct them to use it miserly. The place is always very very busy and wait times can start from 90 mins and up. If you're a 4-5 member party or more, making a reservation is something I'd advise you do. If you're looking to pick a time slot of your choice, try making your reservation a min of 4 days ahead. The ambience overall is pretty nice but a vegeterian with low meat tolerance may find it a little difficult to cope with the aromas floating around. Be wary of that, I'd say. Overall, great place! I'll be going back.
They are a Michelin restaurant for a reason! I would definitely go out of my way to eat at Cafe China. Delicious food, great service, and such a cool ambiance.The restaurant is decorated like the Old 1920's Shanghai era, with antiques and posters adorning the restaurant. They play old Chinese songs, and it's totally a chic throwback vibe. The wait staff is all tall lanky Chinese boys. They're very polite and attentive, continuously filling our glasses and making sure we're well taken care of, despite an at capacity restaurant on a Saturday night. Make sure to make reservations! They get really busy.The food was absolutely phenomenal and very authentic. I highly recommend the spicy beef tendon as an appetizer. For entrees, the spicy fish stew, snow pea leaves, string beans, and double cooked pork belly were all top notch. The xiaolong baos were okay, but I have really high standards for xiaolong baos. The best xiaolong baos I have had in New York are at Tang Pavilion in midtown. The prices are agreeable, definitely one of the cheapest Michelin restaurants out there. I had a wonderful experience and will definitely be back again!
When I was in college, I lived in New York, and I never liked any Szechuan Chinese food. None. Not any. My friend told me this place was really good. I went with a couple of colleagues and WOW. Fresh tasting ingredients: perfectly spiced three pepper chicken, just the right crunch to the hoisin string beans... It is was all terrific. It had a high bar to pass, and it went way over it!
I chose this restaurant as my birthday dinner place because of its high scores in both Yelp & Google Map. However, I am seriously suspected the objectivity of those scores. I have ordered four dishes and two of them made really really bad. The Zha Jiang Noodle includes too much noodles but extremely less Zha Jiang source (even I asked waiter provide me double source). The food with different mushrooms is a very 'natural' taste food (which is none taste at all). I would like to give only one star and one extra star for the staff give me a free Tiramisu after he knew today is my birthday. I will not come here again and not recommend it to others in future.
3.5 stars: but I reserve the right to round up if we ever actually dine in the restaurant. We ordered takeout and had the fried rice with tea smoked duck (delicious- clearly their tea smoked duck is  a stand out on their menu), zha jiang noodles (lazy, throw away dish), bang bang chicken (just OK), chungking spicy chicken (above average), and snow pea tendrils (pricey but fresh and well done).I feel like we'll either order from here or again or visit the restaurant soon. In any case, try their tea smoked duck- it's really tasty.
Consistently good quality and punctual delivery service. Highly recommend.FYI - when they say a dish is "hot" they are serious.
A fantastic experience. Quick, no-nonsense service; subtle, refined, and thoughtfully prepared dishes. The most satisfying tofu I've ever had and the sole melted in my mouth. Authentic Chinese cuisine with high-quality American ingredients.
This is my second-favorite Szechuan place in NYC (after Han Dynasty) - delicious food and awesome service, but the typical standby dishes aren't as good as you might expect. Note that they don't take reservations for groups smaller than 4, and the wait at 730pm on a Friday was about 45 minutes.For appetizers, the spicy beef tendon is the best I've ever had, and the jellyfish in scallion pesto (similar to the ginger-garlic-scallion oil often served with boiled chicken) was amazing.The best entrees so far have been the pickled fish stew and double-cooked pork. The fish was incredibly fresh and perfectly cooked - not overcooked at all. The stew was also deceptively spicy - watch out for the tiny bits of red and green hot pepper! The double-cooked pork was crispy and chewy, and the slices of tofu throughout had a wonderful smoky flavor. The dan dan noodles, mapo tofu and braised fish with tofu are all disappointing. Something is just off about the flavor of the noodles. The tofu is a little too firm, and it doesn't come with minced pork unless you specifically request it. It also just doesn't have much flavor. Same with the fish - the fish itself was fresh, but I had expected more flavor. This place deserves its Michelin star. Definitely give it a try!
I was updating my previous review and I may have accidentally deleted it..To summarize my previous post, Cafe China has become one of my favorite Chinese spots in NYC. Top 3 for sure. Chinese food has seriously deteriorated/become too Americanized since moving back to Gotham City. Before moving to California, I frequented Gotham many, many times as a child. Sadly, many of those establishments are no longer around or have changed owernship. My parents were very unhappy with the quality of food here when they came to my graduation last May. I was skeptical at first when my pledge bro said there was a Chinese restaurant near us with a Michelin Star rating so he took our group of friends here. Boy what a pleasant surprise. My parents would enjoy the decor of Cafe China. They would appreciate the effort the owner has made to give an authentic look. I'm a big fan of Szechuan, but don't fret if spice isn't your thing. They have many Shanghainese dishes to select from. I'm a big fan of Mapo Tofu and I really enjoyed their Mapo Tofu. We had the Mapo Tofu, spinach sauteed with garlic, scallion pancakes (non asian brotha ordered it, lol) , Dan Dan noodles, pork belly, and jelly. Scallion pancakes were a bit bland, but at least they were of higher quality than most Chinese joints. Overall, our group was more than satisfied. This is a joint you would take your date/visiting friends to, they'll most likely be impressed by this spot.Updated Second Review:I thought it would be a great idea to take a date here for her belated birthday celebration (as I suggested above ^) and boy was she impressed. She's not a rookie when it comes to ordering Chinese food, but I did the driving. No scallion pancakes this time lol. She absolutely loved the mouth watering chicken dish. It was a pleasant surprise tbh and I loved it enough to send my mum the recipe and she was able to recreate it. Great job Cafe China. Jellyfish In Scallion Pesto was also another dish I ordered that was of great taste. When I'm dining in SoCal this is one of the most common dishes my family and I order to start off our night. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles , which she also enjoyed. I also ordered the Braised Pork Szechuan Style and the Mapo Tofu. These were my favorite dishes. I'm a huge fan of Pork Belly and this dish was excellent. The deep flavored mustard green shoots gives off a slight tan that balances the remaining fat and comboed very well with the pork. The Pork Belly was very, very tender.The date has become a huge fan of Cafe China and has ordered delivery many times (IMO great food needs to be enjoyed then and there, not via delivery. but she's had positive experience with Cafe China's delivery). Overall, I'm very critical when it comes to Chinese food. Yes, I've been to Flushing and Chinatown, I grew up eating there so I know what's good. I find Chinese food in California to be more authentic and less Americanized so I've been somewhat disappointed with the joints many people rave on yelp about out here. Ex: Joe Shanghai. ( my fault for falling for the reviews)I'm a fan of Cafe China and I am going to put it up to the challenge as soon as my parents come into town. This is one of the best spots in the city that brings back enjoyable child hood tastes from when I lived here and on the West Coast. They earned their Michelin Star.
On a cold night, I was too lazy to venture out for food so I got delivery instead. I love that the food was still hot despite the cold weather. Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil - After a few bites, I came to realize that I didn't like the chili oil sauce. It was a little too sweet for me, but I also got really thirsty afterwards. The skin on the dumpling is really thick. I kinda prefer a thinner skin but again, these were boiled dumplings so they tend to be thick-skinned anyway.Duck Fried Rice - This was actually better than I thought. Honestly, the food would probably be better if I ate it there. Everything was only A-OK.
I really enjoy this place and there food. Lunch is very crowded so go early or late before lunch special ends. My all time favorite is the sautéed fish with Rice. You can't go wrong with anything on there menu.
We had several dishes including the fragrant fish and cumin lamb. All of them were delicious. The tea-smoked duck is marvellous. The service is professional and attentive. We've been coming here since it opened and they are still one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city.
I really tried to like this place, I've now ordered from them twice - and to start with the positive - delivery has been prompt both times and I am a big fan of the scallion pancakes!The positivity stops there though - I've tried two of the chicken dishes: the chunking chicken which was almost inedibly spicy, I enjoy spicy food but when the pepper and seeds overwhelm the dish (that was also very dry) it ruins the experience. I also tried the three pepper chicken and this had the same dryness problem - very little sauce and the chicken was tough. I was also disappointed with the edamame - no salt whatsoever (I don't like too much salt on my edamame, but none? it needs something).After giving it two chances, I don't think its worth it to give it a third attempt.
Great service and great food.  It was first time that my 6 yr old daughter and I ever sat on the bar for Chinese food.   It was fun and we had the great pleasure chatting with bartenders/ bartendwoman. They were very nice even with the very busy work.  The food quality is descent in Chinese standard. We will definitely show up a lot in the next few weeks while we are in NYC.
This place blew my mind. Can't believe I've been working a block away all this time! Had a business dinner there tonight and split a ton of appetizers (pork dumplings in chili oil / soup dumplings / pickled veg were all AMAZING). I ordered the spicy whole baked fish for my entree and hardly looked up from my plate until I had picked the entire thing clean. To die for!!! Crispy skin, tender juicy flaky meat, an intoxicatingly fragrant spicy garlicky sauce.... hhnnnnngggghh. Did it have to end???Service is what you'd expect from a bustling restaurant. Decor is adorably retro chic. But come here for the FOOD. If you appreciate good food but have to wait a while for a table, trust me, it's worth the wait.
Great food and service. All my friends were impressed how much better the food was than China town.
Absolutely love this restaurant! My office is nearby, I treat myself at least monthly. They have a good variety of dishes to suit most palates and preferences. Know what you're getting into:-Szechuan is the style, spicy is the key (but so much more exists to try)-Dine in is best, and a nice atmosphere-There will likely be a wait during peak lunch hours (don't know about dinner) but still worth it-This is Chinese food but not strip mall Chinese food, it is more precise and far more delicious-It is especially more delicate, certain dishes may not translate well to take out, such as noodles and rice which may become overdone, this has happened to me but I consider it entirely my fault and I'm only 1 block away-If you get items for take out and they didn't translate well, perhaps you should consider that before bashing them in reviews, try dining in and maybe waiting to be seated because it's worth itKnow what you should try:-Every lunch special I've tried is excellent and includes rice and hot/sour soup (perfectly tangy) or spring roll     -Shredded pork in garlic sauce is slightly sweet and delicious     -Lightly sauteed fillets (sole); had this today, it was incredible     -pepper chicken is really fiery+-Dan dan noodles are awesome-Ditto to the pork dumplings in chili oil-Bok choi  w/ garlic is excellent and stands on it's own (I've eaten an order of this alone)-Wonton soup is better than any other I've had, silky noodles, chewy meaty filling and perfectly peppery-Szechuan beef noodles are no joke, they sent my hungover friend home no longer able to cope with the world (but he insisted on bringing the soup with him to finish later)I feel like these are merely the basics but they are all winners, there is so much more; do explore for yourself.
Not worth at all. The rice was not fully cooked. No daily soup available. Spice fish tastes like pork soup. Any ordinary restaurants in China will be far more better than this fake one. Only white guys got fooled by Michelin one star.
Got the three peppers chicken lunch special -  it was very spicy and the portion was decent. Even though it was very busy, the service was speedy and the staff was great. I had high expectations given that this place has a Michelin star, which may or may have not been met, but regardless, this is a great spot for lunch!
We had dinner at this cafe a while ago. The decor is subdue and service and food are decent. Lunch has a different mood: loud and little hectic - not uncommon in midtown. The shrimp is really good, love the red pepper rings.
Were it for veggie dishes alone, China cafe would get 5 stars from me.  Garlic Bok Choy, for example, is not to be missed regardless of the fact that you'll be garlicky for the next 2 days.  The entrees you expect to have some heat pack a serious punch and will put a smile on your sweaty upper lip.  That all said, and given a Michelin one star basis, the disconnected service and overcrowded ambiance didn't make for an exceptional experience for me.  Overall, Cafe China is a very very solid place to visit if you find yourself stuck midtown on a cold winter night.
Lapin and I were in the neighborhood and decided to stop by for lunch. We were seated rather quickly in the back and given menus. We were ready to place and order and had to flag down the delivery guy because our waiter was flirting with a waitress. We ended up missing the timeframe to order from the lunch special menu but we noted that it wasn't our fault that our waiter was not paying any attention to us. After much back and forth, they allowed us to order from the lunch special but we had to make it quick (whatever that meant). Lapin ordered Shredded Beef with Asian Chili and I ordered the Sautéed Chicken Fillet. The lunch special prices online noted it $11 but I remember paying more when we sat to dine in. Each of the entrees came with one small spring roll which was pretty standard tasting. The dishes took a bit of time to come but the dishes came out piping hot. The portions though were on the smaller end of the spectrum. Lapin enjoyed his dish and thought it was tasty. I wasn't enthuse by mines. I thought it would have been doing like Chicken and Broccoli style from those sketchy places with artery clogging brown sauce. Instead, I received chicken filets with chinese broccoli (which were bitter and I avoided like the plague) and maybe a spoonful of translucent clear color liquid. The sauce was okay but it tasted like a healthy steamed dish. Not what I had imagined and perhaps this was my fault for ordering it.
Excellent! If you are looking for spicy Szechuan food in NYC, look no further! The wonton soup is great and has a little kick to it. The Three Pepper Chicken is spicy, without muting flavor. You can't go wrong.
This restaurant is a one of my go-to lunch spots during the week. The food is delicious and they have a great lunch special menu.  My personal favorites are the duck fried rice and the shredded beef, but everything is delicious. This is definitely my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. If you are looking to eat there on a weekday, it's best to arrive at or before noon. This place gets packed after that!
You literally cannot go wrong ordering at Cafe China. I have never dined in but I (and my friends) often order from Seamless. They deliver rather quickly and on time. They are a little bit more expensive than take-out (aka fake) Chinese restaurant but I think the consistency and quality (or so) make up for the price. Plus it's midtown. They have a few competitors, and I have been to both La Vie En Sichuan and Sichuan Gourmet. Cafe China is more than those two because it actually serves more than Sichuan cuisine. They have some northern and Shanghai stuff as well.Going on to the food. Their typical dishes are good (Chungking Spicy Chicken and scallion pancake) but what really stood out to me is the Kung pao chicken! It's pretty damn good chicken - I have had a lot and this one is probably one of the better ones out there. Right now, Cafe China ranks higher than La Vie En Sichuan and Sichuan Gourmet for me. La Vie (I've only had lunch special there and it's not very authentic). Sichuan probably changed chef because their dishes are so salty right now (when Sichuan is already heavily seasoned).
Hello,I hope the business manager reads this review. I called the restaurant at 2016/12/21 8:47 PM to ask for reservation for tomorrow lunch, and this woman who picked up the phone said there is no availability. I asked again, and she said almost like a robot "We have no reservation available". I checked the online website and it appears that you guys DO have a spot available. I called the restaurant again, the same lady picked up the phone, and I told her about this, and she HUNG UP the phone. I called again, and she just HUNG UP. SERIOUSLY? What is wrong with this place? Getting reservation spot mixed up is fine, but you HANG UP on a customer?I truly wish that woman gets this feedback, please.Oh by the way, I have never ever had this kind of experience even with non-Michelin rated restaurants. Totally outrageous.
I am a Shanghainese who eats Sichuan food anywhere I go. This restaurant review was good but my experience was rather disappointing. They posted no tips, sounded good. But not only food was too expensive, but quantity was so anemic we regretted coming in as the first dish was served.I usually don't eat rice, avoiding carbohydrates. But all of us ate rice there still left unsatisfied because dishes were too small. Price was 25% more than the other Sichaun restaurant on 39th Street. We were not happy at allI guess they tried to mimic Shanhainese delicate style, but Shanghainese don't like to leave a restaurant still need to eat again somewhere else.
Great place to eat. I always get the same thing. The fish blossom and a side of bok choy without the garlic and white rice and my husband usually gets the ma-po tofu. Not really a child friendly place but we have taken our 2 year old there for dinner and it was just fine. I also occasionally get the butter squash soup which is just ok.
The spicy chicken was good, but the tea smoke duck was not that good, the fat layer of the duck was not rendered. I would give 3.50 star if I could. But for the price you pay, it is very affordable Michelin one star experience. Although the standard is far away from three star...
Of all New York's 1-Star Michelin restaurants, Cafe China may be the best. I have been here three times, once for dinner and twice for lunch.First off, the space is unassuming from outside, but beautiful on the inside. I have yet to sit at the bar space, but it looks very nice and has a fully stocked bar with a wide selection (they even have absinthe). The wait staff are very nice and exceptionally attentive. I have seen some other reviews with people who had issues with the service, and I think that may have to do more with the reviewers not being familiar with the etiquette of really nice restaurants. Typically, waitstaff will wait till you have closed your menu to come take an order, otherwise they think that you're still deciding. I almost felt bad that I couldn't tip, the professionalism of the staff was impressive, even for the price point of the establishment.I have had the following dishes:Fragrant Fish Filet (My favorite)Ma Po Tofu (Great)Three Pepper Chicken (Good, not nearly as spicy as it's made out to be)Pork Dumplings in Chili Sauce (Great)The only thing that struck me as a negative was that the cocktails, which are very good, are nearly prohibitively expensive - especially given the amount served. At $15 a pop, regardless of the spirit, I was reluctant to get more than one - even though I enjoyed the Fallen Angels a lot. I won't take away a star though because of the Wong Kar-wai references hahah.Anyway, for the price point there's really no reason to not venture on over to Cafe China, and I am very confident that you will find yourself coming back multiple times, especially if you're lucky enough to work close by for lunch.
5 stars for service, 4 stars for food. Me and mum visited cafe China today for a quick lunch, everything is good we are been taken really good care, small dishes are really good even as a Local Szechuanese.. but the beef noodle soup was too sweet, after we delivered the feedback to the waiter he immediately brought it back to the chef and apologize for the error and waived the charge, we are really happy about the experience there.
Two stars for the decor, reminds me of old school Shanghai.  Other than that. Not very impressive for a one star michelin restaurant.  First of all, a B rating, that is posted on the side, unless you pay attention to it, you won't see it.   Food is at most adequate.  Dim sum was frozen products just heated up.   With out the chili oil, bland taste, had to ask for soy sauce.  Service was lacking, it's call smiling.  A smile goes a long way.  A welcome does too.  You would expect the table to be wipe down after customers leave, and before new customers sit down, right?Wrong...water stains, grease stains just ignored, and plate settings goes right on top of it.
It actually took me close to 4 years to discover this place near my office. I've only been for the lunch specials and I almost exclusively order the Kung Pao Chicken (I do like the pork pot sticker dumplings as well. The flavor of the Kung Pao is just really great. They use something I'm told is called a sechuwan peppercorn in this dish; it has a very unique spicy burn to it (hard to describe but look it up; have never tasted anything like it!)
Had lunch here while in the area and after getting a strong recommendation. The restaurant is fairly specious and nice overall. The service is also lightening fast, almost to the point where it scared me a bit..I had an order of the Kung Pao chicken, which also came recommended. I must say, I was a bit disappointed in the dish. Having had Kung Pao chicken many times, I found it be very heavy on the ginger and lacking the subtle sweetness that I'm used. The portion was large, but the taste just wasn't there.As a lover of Chinese food, I'm pretty strict with my expectations. The food here was just ok and not worth writing home about. I'd probably dine elsewhere for Chinese when in this part of town.
I arrived around 12 pm and did not wait for too long to get seated. It is definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants around Times Square. Personal favorite: tofu fish.
Great authentic Chinese option when you don't feel like making the trek to China Town. It's a little small inside so it can get crowded and have a wait sometimes, but the food is spot-on. Made with care and quality ingredients.
It seems like in the past 5 years, real, spicy Chinese food has slowly occupied more and more of the Chinese food space in NYC. There are many popular and inexpensive Sichuan, Hunan, and Xian restaurants in and about Chinatown, Brooklyn, and Flushing. A lot of new hot pot places have been popping up and they offer spicy broths and sauces. However, there hasn't been an attempt to offer a high end spicy Chinese food experience ... until now!This is a place that transports you back to pre-World War II Shanghai, where high society people escape from their dungy lives and discuss the matters of the day. It almost works! The nostalgic photographs, old-style menu, hardwood floors and yellow lighting almost give that vibe, but it's just missing something.What is it missing? Both Bug and Dog are fans of Chinese cinema so we are both familiar with the old-style Shanghai club scene (well, as portrayed on the silver screen). First, it's missing the dingy haze of smoke, which gives a vibe of avarice: of something criminal is happening at some dark corner. It feels too safe, but that's a good thing!Second, there's no live fusion Chinese jazz band and there's no one playing a tune on a piano. They do play smooth sounding music over the speakers. Third, the clientele does not include hustlers and up-and-coming wannabe hustlers. On the day that we went, the customers appeared to be mostly yuppies, people from the Chinese mainland looking for a taste of home, and artsy types who want to try something new.So for its ambitious plan to transport its customers to the Chinese jazz age, it fails a bit. But what can we expect? Both modern convenience and safety are higher priorities than super-, uncompromising authenticity, and like we said before, that's a good thing!The food here is first-rate. The chef is from China and he creates dishes as if he were working at a high end hotel in a major Chinese city. On our visit, we ordered 5 items: a cocktail, spicy beef tendons (cold appetizer), tea-smoked duck, three-pepper chicken, and tiramisu for dessert.We started with a cocktail and the spicy beef tendons. The cocktail was as good as any that you can find at trendy Manhattan bars and night clubs. Grade A. The beef tendons weren't that spicy (to us) and had the texture of a soft Chinese beef jerky. It's exactly the same cuts of beef that you can find in Northern Chinese-style ramen (hand-pulled noodle soups) dishes. Grade B. Not worth the $9 menu price. Still, it was a good starter to prime our taste buds for the main course entrees.The tea-smoked duck and three-pepper chicken were amazing. The duck has a smoky flavor and yet retains its essential duck taste. The skin and meat is soft and easy to chew. But what are really amazing about this dish are the bones! Duck bones are great at absorbing all the smoke and the sauces that went into making this dish. After eating the skin and meat, both Bug and Dog chewed and sucked out the flavor from the soft bones. (Disclaimer: Don't try this if your teeth are weak) This dish is pretty big (we got about half a duck) so it can take a while to get every last drop of juice from the bones. Grade A.The three-pepper chicken is prepared with three types of peppers and is very spicy. Dog had to stop eating and take a break after accidentally chewing and eating several pepper seeds and a couple of Sichuan peppercorns in the same mouthful. However, what's great about this dish is that it isn't all about pure, painful heat. There is a mixture of flavors that work with the heat that just made Dog wanting more and more. It's hard to describe and break down the ingredients that went into the marinating sauce. Bug detected some cumin, and that's about all we can surmise. This dish has to be experienced. If there is a negative to this dish though, it is that the chicken meat was mostly breast meat. If the chef and crew did such an amazing job infusing breast meat with such spicy flavors, imagine what they could've done with thigh, back, leg, wing, claw, and neck meat. Grade A+.At the end of our meal, we turned down the heat with a cup of tiramisu. Bug is a fan of Starbucks and milk-laced coffee (or coffee-laced milk), so this was a must-have. It's built with light cream and has a light, spongy texture. It's also not too sweet. Grade A.Café China is a must-try for fans of spicy, hot food. You won't be disappointed. Our final bill for the 5 items above was a bit more than $80 after tax and tip. You can save money by skipping the cocktail, the appetizers, and the desserts. Head straight for the first-rate entrees.
Love this restaurant! One of my favorite Chinese food, good environment, good service, good food.
One of my absolute fav sichuan restaurant in town!Xiao Long Bao is not quite as good as the rest of the dishes, but overall it's amazing!
The dishes were good and very decently priced! The portion is not as generous as other szechuan places though. The pork buns (xiao long bao) is a real disappointment... As people mentioned, I thought everything would be good since it got a star but I guess not. So DON'T try the xiao long bao here! Just go to the Bao on St' Marks if you feel like it~
Café China only takes reservations for parties of 4+ so since I came with just one friend, we put in our name for a 30 minute wait. This is one of the few Chinese places with a Michelin star! The décor is oriental, the servers are Chinese and stylish, the service is great, and the food is authentic and delicious. I will definitely be back to have some more great spicy Chinese food or if I want to show a friend a great Chinese restaurant. It's better to go with at least one other person or a larger party to sample more dishes. I thought this place was very good but pretty on par with most spicy restaurants in Chinatown so not sure what pushed it past others for a Michelin star (maybe the location and more diverse crowd that go). We tried:Cold dishes:**Ribbonfish - I still have no idea what ribbonfish is but this tasted like the sweet canned eel that Chinese people eat all the time. Beware of the small bones (not good for children).**Tripe in chili oil - oh my god, I love tripe!! This dish was a bit oily but the flavors were SPOT ON. I'm going to order it every time I go to Café China.Entrees:**Pickled fish stew - so authentic like the way my mom makes it! I personally like pickled cabbage so I liked this dish. The peppers were chopped too fine and it was kind of tough to avoid when eating.**Tea-smoked duck - I didn't really like this dish because I found the duck to be too dry/salty/fatty, skin not quite the right amount of crispy and the sauce lacking in complex flavors but my friend loved it and ate the whole thing. So guess this is a hate it or love it dish.**Lightly sautéed Chinese broccoli - this dish is perfect everywhere and always a great vegetable addition to balance a meal
Very cute place. Prices are a little bit more expensive than other Chinese restaurants(even they said no tipping), and dishes are small enough lol
This isn't your typical Chinese Takeout or even your Dim-Sum Chinatown spot.  This is a legit fancy and tasty Chinese restaurant.  We came in really late and ordered a variety of food.Our menu consisted of:Pork Pot Stickers - Amazingly goodKung Pao - Chicken was crispy and not overpoweringly spiced but had a good kickWhole fish in Miso Sauce - very delicate, we couldnt even tell it was fishBraised Pork Szechuan Style - Very light yet perfectly pork belly fatty.  Just wish there was moreFried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck - It will be impossible to eat rice ever again without duck.Service was rushing us out because they were closing and a good portion of our party was drunk.  However, they were still really courteous and allowed us to finish our food and many drinks.  But they did start doing construction while we were eating..sorry but that lost you guys a star. I call this one a find.
I believe that this is the best Chinese restaurant in NYC. All food are good and of corse price is cheep as typical Chinese!! Maybe a bit expensive than others.. But it's worth paying. I came back this restaurant more than 10 times.
I came here for lunch as I saw they had many lunch specials that were soup or egg roll entree and rice all for one price.  I had the egg plant and a soda for $15.25 total.  There are signs all over saying no tipping.  The service perfect for the kind of fast in and out dining and the food was good.  yeah, I'm a fan.
May be I am a bit easy going when it comes down to Chinese food, but I will definitely come to eat their food again when I back to New York. The restaurant is a bit small to handle the load of customer, so it will not be comfortable to wait outside during a cold days but regularly it is still okay to hang outside to wait for the available table. We ordered a dish of lamb, chicken and wonton, and there are a lot of food left over eventhough there are three of us come to eat. Overall great food and service.
With a name as utterly unambitious as Cafe China, this joint needs a Michelin star, a no reservation policy and some hype to keep it rolling. I'm no expert in Chinese food, so don't go ape shit if perhaps certain classic Chinese dishes don't fit my taste palette. We were 6 of us - 3 vegetarian and 3 non-vegetarian. They quoted the wait at an hour for a party of 6 but it ended up being just under 15 minutes. We got a nice circular table for 6 by the window. Both the table and the restaurant at large seemed very cramped for space. Not uncomfortably so, but I could've turned around and stretched and reach the bar from my chair. We did get a fantastic table under the chandeliers and not far from the window, right next to where the Michelin Star trophy itself is kept.Appetizers. We started out with the Dan Dan noodles, the Pork dumplings in chili oil, vegetable friend dumplings, vegetable steamed dumplings and the sweet potato pancakes. I personally tried the Dan Dan and the Pork dumplings - two of the most recommended appetizers on the menu by Yelp -  and they were just-alright at best. Hey, I dunno maybe this is the authentic variety or whatever but I've definitely had nice, spicy and absolute sumptuous pork dumplings at a street vendor in India before. The Dan Dan noodles wasn't much better than any other kind of noodle. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. Entrees. Our table got the three pepper chicken, the tea smoked duck (both amongst the most reviewed entrees at Cafe China) and for the vegetarians we got the Mapo Tofu and the Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic. Again, it's highly likely our taste is biased to an Indian flavor profile, but the three pepper chicken's "three chilis rating" didn't live up to what our idea of "three chilis". That being said, it was the perfect amount of chili and the dish was possibly the best dish we had at the restaurant. The Tea Smoked Duck is a much spoken about special - they basically serve you a gigantic portion of smoked duck with a tea sauce. Our table was uniformly in consensus that the Tea Smoked Duck is bland meat served with way too little meh tasting tea sauce.The Mapo Tofu, according to the vegetarians at the table, was terrible. They were hungry yet still did not finish the dish. We ordered another Dan Dan to compensate.The Snow Pea Shoots were a mixed bag. I personally thought it was a bunch of steamed leaves and stems. I'm not sure how this counts as an entree. It was one ingredient - steamed with a dash of garlic oil. Fairly pathetic to a hardcore carnivore. Yet apparently vegetarians and one of the non-veg dudes thought green shoots were novelty. Overall, the meal was lackluster. One has expectations from a Michelin star and that felt short for me by a mile. Perhaps the food was just not suited to my palette, and I respect the star enough to believe there are people who really enjoy the food. For me, The pork dumplings, Dan Dan and the Pepper Chicken would make a fairly decent, yet not over-budget Chinese dinner. The other big factor which pushes this review from a 3 to a 3.5 (and rounding to 4) is the price. With a strict NO TIP policy and unbelievably low prices for a Michelin (about 16 for an Entree and 8 for an appetizer). For our meal, we spend under $25 on a place at a culinary pedigree of most places that are quadruple the price. I probably would not come here again unless too forcibly prefer just going to a Michelin. This is one of the cheapest ones in towns. GO CHINA
KenScale: 8.5/10When it comes to serious Sichuan feast, featuring red hot spicy cuisine of the region that has been beloved by New Yorkers, I believe Cafe China is one of the best in town. Headed by a husband and wife duo of Xian Zhang and Yiming Wang along with chef Lu Ziqiang, the restaurant offers an authentic take on Sichuan cuisine that is absolutely addictive despite getting your tongue burned in the middle of the meal. I recently came back to visit the restaurant after having a serious craving for their food out of the blue.I started out with several appetizer cold dishes. Mouth watering chicken with roasted chili-sesame sauce and husband and wfie special (sliced beef and tripe seasoned with roasted chili-peanut sauce) were both great starters, although I wish the spicy diced rabbit didn't have too many bones. All three dishes in the entree section that we ordered, braised fish with tofu, three pepper chicken (stir fried with red and green chili peppers and peppercorn) and ma po tofu were outstanding, and worked pretty well with sauteed bitter melon that we ordered as a vegetable dish. By the time I was finished, I was sweating like a crazy man with all that heat surrounding the dishes, but I just couldn't stop eating! They really displayed the full range of Sichuan cuisine's versatility.The restaurant's decor has that Shanghai feel in the 1930s. While the ambiance makes the restaurant feel like one of those trendy spots serving "fusion" Chinese, its cuisine is anything but (which is a pleasant surprise). The restaurant has a full bar with Asian inspired cocktail selections. I showed up for dinner on Friday without a reservation, but the wait wasn't too crazy. The restaurant does have delivery and take-out options, but I strongly suggest dining at the restaurant to get the full taste of Sichuan cuisine that is being offered.
Solid choice. Unexpected charm to this eatery. Service was attentive and polite. Prices was slightly higher than you expect at first but that's bc tip is already included which is nice to get a bill and simply sign instead of doing the calculator gymnastics we are all used to at the end of a meal. Food was a mixed bag. I went with a party of four. Half of us like it a lot and he other half thought it was simply ok. I had the fried rice with shredded duck for my main course and really enjoyed it. The rest of the table didn't finish their main courses but we all fought over the appetizers of pots stickers, veg dumplings and scallion pancakes. Recommend this place if you are looking for a place to try as an alternative to your usual decisions.
Disrespectful employeesDidn't even want to give one star. HORRIFYING EXPERIENCE. Yesterday I was working late and placed a delivery order with cafe China. At 8:14pm the delivery guy called me but I didn't pick up my phone, 8:20pm I called him back while rushing downstairs -- the delivery guy told me "you didn't pick up i already left" -- and hung up. So I asked the security guys in the lobby whether a delivery guy had been waiting, three of them assured me that they never saw him show up to the door (the face of the building was 100% glass and people inside could perfectly see the outside). I called the Cafe China's delivery person and confronted him about not showing up at all - he got super (and I mean SUPER) angry and demanded me to show up to the lobby within the next two minutes. His exact words were "I'll only give you two minutes to come downstairs. TWO MINUTES!!!" I was like "why are you so angry? If you didn't show up at all I couldn't have wasted any of your time? and I'm already in the lobby waiting dude" The guy finally shows up. Doesn't give me my food at first and starts putting his hand in my face and screaming at me in person - "IM VERY BUSY MAN, MY TIME IS PRECIOUS I CANT WAIT FOR YOU ALL DAY LONG MISS" x3. I held my temper, didn't want to make a scene and even politely APOLOGIZED TO HIM saying "yes I understand, not picking up the phone was my bad." Then him "BLAHBALH AGGHHH". At one point I just couldn't take it any more, asked him to hand over the food and I left. It was embarrassing - the delivery guy screaming at me in the lobby of my office with numerous co-workers passing by. I've never seen anyone lose their mind like this over five minutes and I've never seen any restaurant let their employee treat their customers so poorly. The funny thing is I used to like going to this restaurant, the food is clean and decent. But after this I will NEVER set foot in Cafe China again. It was very DISRESPECTFUL and I felt VERBALLY ATTACKED. I called cafe China afterwards, the lady who picked up said her manager will investigate and will give me a call back ASAP. It's been one day and I still haven't heard back from the manager -- CLASSIC.
Double cooked pork, dumplings in chili oil and the braised fish are great for sharing!  Never much of a wait especially for a Michelin rated restaurant.
Great in-store experience, awful delivery service. I was ordering for a roomful of hungry friends and was notified that Cafe China had a new delivery partner (Postmates). I signed up for a new account and put in my order. Postmates immediately froze my account and still charged my credit card $200. Postmates does not have any phone customer service support so there was no way I could remove the hold that had been placed on my new account. I spent 45 minutes trying to resolve the issue  to no success while my friends went hungry. Cafe China lost a ~$200 order because of an inept business partner.
The food is amazing. The service is good, they bring food really fast ! I loved green flowery tea in a pot, smells delicious ! It is not expensive either. Will come back.
#This Chinese restaurant is really hip for #Midtown. The place looks cool. The servers are #young. They have the traditional Chinese chefs #smoking outside all the time. The whole time I was there, I think between 2-4 chefs were smoking. Who's cooking the #food? The place was #packed.#Lunch specials are a really good deal. My #Braised Fish with Tofu was $11 w/ #seaweed soup. Tasted great. The #tofu texture was really silky and soft. It's better than the fish fillet dishes I've had at other Chinese restaurants in the #area.#Drink prices are kind of #high though if you are looking to get drunk during your #lunch hour. Also tea is not #complimentary at this Chinese restaurant.
Very chic decor and a spot that is obviously popular with every table filled at 6:00 PM sharp on a Friday night. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Lightly Sauteed Fish Fillets, Eggplant with Garlic, and Tea Smoked Duck - would recommend ordering the first 2 in this list.Very reminiscent of my experience at Han Dynasty. The restaurant obviously has its act together, but is not that "hole in the wall" Chinatown experience where you're going to eat the best Sichuanese food of your life. Keep this in mind and you'll have a fine time.
Truly authentic Szechuan cuisine, executed with great taste.
The staff was all highly professional. We had a dinner for a newly married couple and we had a lot to talk about and our dining was slow and at one point, our waiter asked if we were done and we said not yet.  I kind of expected him to come back to ask the same questions at some points but he never did until we actually asked him to clear the table and bring a desert although the restaurant was packed and there were people waiting.. I had a very opposite experience elsewhere and as a person who hosted the dinner, I was very much pleased.  All waiting staff was very attentive as well and since they do not take tips, we didn't have to worry about who to ask for orders, questions, etc, and it was good especially because they're always very busy.  Also, foods and drinks were excellent as always. Some of us were very picky about foods but they were very happy as well.
I came here expecting to get Sichuan food but i feel like i got a 1920s ambiance shanghainese-ified version of Sichuan food. The sauces were sometimes sweet and there was a lighter use of spices (which was lighter on the stomach and softer on the taste buds).This isn't to say that this place is not deserving of its 1 michelin star. Definitely worked for it tho! They refilled our water every 3 seconds, changed our plates every 5 seconds. I feel like the service level here is definitely better than that of China Blue (which I believe is opened by the same restaurateurs). When I arrived and saw the vintage feel of the palce as well as almost the same name of the restaurant (chinese characters), I was immediately cautious..I didn't come here to eat China Blue food, but I wanted to eat spicy Sichuan food....definitely not an authentic version, but an interesting take on traditional dishes. I would say this place is worth a try. It is also filled with an interesting mix of hipsters/businessmen/random Chinese peoplez (aka ppl like me). Ambiance is definitely nice, but it does come at a price tag!
Szechuan food done right! We tried the dan dan noodles, pork dumplings, cumin lamb and three pepper chicken; everything was finger licking delicious.Service was good to for such a cozy little spot, food comes out fast
Two people visited on a weekday around 6pm.- Food:For appetizers, we got 'Husband & Wife Special - sliced beef & tripe seasoned with chili-peanut sauce' and 'Spicy Diced Rabbit'. They came in quite small portions but tasted authentic and exquisite.For entrees, we got 'Spicy Baked Whole Fish' and 'Ma Po Tofu'. The fish was perfectly baked and the sauce complemented the fish very well; the skin was crispy and the meat was juicy; it was absolutely delicious. I would strongly recommend it to anyone who is not afraid of seeing a whole fish or the bones. The tofu was mediocre.- Service:As clearly stated on the 1st page of the menu, customers do not need to tip. It says that the tip is priced in the dishes, but the prices are still fair after all. Moreover, the service was excellent.- Decor:Unique, warm, but a little crowded.- Wait:We went around the time a popular restaurant would start getting busy and we happened to just arrive when a table of two was leaving and the reservation for that table for 7pm did not start yet, so we did not wait at all, but line started forming immediately after. Since we sat right by the door, we could hear the hostess, and the waits were generally 30 - 60 minutes.
This is the best Chinese food I have ever had outside of China!! The spicy Dofou is extremely delicious. It is spicy but very tasty, so much better than the China town version. Highly recommended.
Best mapotofu I've found on this side of the Pacific ocean.  Absolutely delicious, and as authentic as it gets.
Had eggplant, spicy chicken and fish! Their food it more like a mix of Shanghai food and Szechuan food-spicy and lots of soybean sauce. The decor is quite special like Shanghai city in the 1930s'.  Love the eggplant the most!
Wonderful Szechuan cuisine at reasonable prices.  The pork dumplings, Kungpao chicken, string beans and Three Pepper chicken were standouts. We also had the tea smoked duck fried rice and spicy cumin lamb.  Both were very good.  Each dish had good flavor.  I only wish that the portions were a bit larger.We will definitely eat here again.
Food is good here. Taste is very Szechuan haha.And also a cosy place for Chinese place. Very good location for tourists.
I can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars. This has to be one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in the States. It was very authentic and delicious. Portion sizes were generous (the $29 braised fish soup is huge) or at least reasonable ($8 cold tossed noodles were tasty but quite minimalist, I would pick something else next time). The service was impeccable. Not sure why they don't allow tipping here, but I hope they pay their staff well because our server did an amazing job.
Ok, I take the waiting list story and am updating my review. Thanks for getting back to me.
Went there on a weekday and had to face a very unpleasant frustrated female who was handling the waiting. We waited for 1.5 hour for a table of five when we were told that it would be a 45 min wait. The lady at the waiting definitely hates her miserable life. Anyways after the long wait we are shown to a table meant for 4 people. I ask the staff if we could get a table which can accommodate 5 people and not a table where we had to squeeze in. Their simple answer was "you needed to wait". Hahaha. Well, to begin with, they could have informed us when we waited that they were gonna give a small table and after all that you need to face the unfriendly staff there. So much for a Michelin starred restaurant!Oh and the the food tastes more of the oil rather than actual food.
Really solid meal once you stray from the norm.  Don't go for General Tso's Chicken, go for the good stuff, the ofal, the interesting chef specials.  Decor is cool 1930s last empower china type feel, not your typical fast sit down.  Great place and will keep going back.
This is a four-star Chinese food experience in NYC or even 4.5, but a 3.5 star for the food -- if you get it right it's actually very authentic while well-presented, however they do make it milder and less distinctive, so to say, for a wider audience. I particularly like their minced duck fried rice, which is a very typical Shanghainese dish. Usually I order fried rice to make the order quick and easy, but here I treat it as a serious order lol. The duck is smoke-dried with tea-wood flavor. Minced smoked duck is fried with scallion, eggs, and rice. It is *extremely* hard to find fried rice "dry" enough while infused with layers of the ingredients' flavors -- each grain of rice is apart from each other but "liaisoned" with a hint of everything. It is not overly salty or oily, but a balance of all flavors. The beef noodle comes in a huge portion. I'd say the beef stew is mediocre and the noodle terribly mushy. Maybe it's just that one time, but I won't risking another order... Spicy dishes is not the strong suite of this place although they do boast a list of Szechuan-inspired dishes.
This place is amazing. Definitely worth the wait in the line. The cozy setting is ideal. Great service- they are on top of their game! Food was super tasty and the sauces for each plate are so unique and different. We ordered the duck & fish and both dishes were amazing. The Fish Blossom has a sauce that leaves a  sweet after taste with pine nuts that is perfect with the soft tilapia. Overall, one of the best Chinese restaurants I've eaten at in NYC
Pretty disappointing for a restaurant with a Michelin star. We ordered the twice cooked pork, which strangely had tofu in it-- I've never had it this way but it did not really work for me. We also got the spicy wonton, which were alright but really should have been called the cloyingly sweet wonton. The xiaolongbao tasted funny and was not as soupy as it should have been. Small serving size too for how expensive they were. Maybe I'll come back and try something else, but this time was a disappointment.
Had heard a lot about this place as being under-rated and in the Michelin Guide. Came alone for their lunch special and overall had a lovely time. They quoted a 25 minute wait for a table but seated me in about 5 minutes. I thought the price was great ($12 for most of their lunch specials including a spring roll or soup). The waitress said their 3 pepper chicken was very popular so I tried that- it was extremely flavorful and really hit the spot but was too salty for my taste. They don't accept tips here but I found the service was really attentive with waiters constantly refilling my water and checking on me, and the ambiance felt much more upscale than most other similarly priced Chinese restaurants in the city. They even included a mint with the bill! Would definitely come back here to try another lunch special!
Great place to have a Christmas Eve dinner with friends, classy ambience and yet the price is affordable for students! Very authentic Shanghainese food, my favorite is Xiaolongbao, the best I've ever had.
Take a step back in time... Michelin star or not, Cafe China does one thing really well, and that's transporting its diners back in time. I'm not a history buff, but from the wall decorations to the menus to the bow ties of the servers, it felt nice to take a break from the 21st century for a bit.Unfortunately though, their food wasn't what I expected from a place like China Cafe. To be fair, my standard for Szechuan food is Han Dynasty, the restaurant that brought the spicy into my life, and I measure all subsequent restaurants against them.Our main entrees were actually pretty good. The double cooked pork had the right amount of spice and veggie ratio. I was a little disappointed about how thinly sliced the pork was, but some people actually prefer that. The fish fillet with tofu was so tasty, by far my favorite Szechuan dish in general. My only complaint about Cafe China's is that some pieces were way too salty; I could feel it linger on my tongue after every bite. There was however a decent amount of fish for the serving size.Our two smaller dishes were more of a disappointment. The dan dan noodles were very peanut-y, indicative of excess peanut butter, and the consistency of the noodles were a little too soft for my liking and fell apart as I tried to portion them onto my plate. The wontons in chili oil were not at all what I expected; they were sweet. That sweetness threw everything off for me. Also, the meat was a little dry and not what I craved with boiled wontons soaked in chili oil that I'm used to.Flavors aside, I was also slightly disappointed with the portion sizes. I finished the meal barely satisfied and not full. Given that entrees ranged upwards of $15-$20 per dish, I expected a little more for our money, especially since we ordered two appetizers as well.Overall I appreciate how close Cafe China is to my office, but I'll have to rethink my decision to go back. It is a nice place to entertain; the atmosphere and space make for good conversation and passing around food.
"Curiosity killed the cat," the saying goes. It was, admittedly, my curiosity that got the better of me when I started looking into Cafe China, one of the two Sichuan restaurants that had garnered a Michelin star in the most recent year. I had my doubts. After all, the location by Bryant Park and the upmarked prices on most dishes seemed to foreshadow a sacrifice of authenticity and quality for the sake of accessibility and price. Thankfully, I was proven wrong.The three of us arrived at peak dinner hours and had to wait for a table as only parties larger than 4 can make reservations. We waited for a while by the bar area before our table was available, taking in the interior of Cafe China. Even at first glance, it's different from your typical Chinese restaurant. The antiquated photographs across the walls, the chandeliers dotting the ceiling, and the cozy booth seatings all combine to create the illusion that you have been transported to the Shanghai from almost a century ago. Even the menu, a minimalistic printing on embossed paper, seems outdated. Thankfully, the options available for dinner were not, and shows elements of Sichuan, Shanghai, and even Hunan cuisine dispersed across the few dozen dishes.To start off, we shared an order of the Xiao Long Bao, also known as soup dumplings, as well as the Dan Dan Mian. The xiao long bao were neatly done; the dumpling skin was at the perfect thickness, the filling was savory and had enough broth to justify using a soup spoon. They were, however, on the smaller side and disappeared all too quickly. I assumed that the Dan Dan noodles wouldn't be particularly memorable, but was pleasantly surprised by the chewiness of the noodles and the noticeable ma la edge that was present in the sauce.The Mapo Tofu that followed was also a solid choice. Although I don't believe that silken tofu was used (it seemed to be more of a soft variety), the overall dish was perfectly paired with several scoops of white rice. It wasn't overly sauced or drowning in oil, and while it could have been a little spicier, stayed true to its roots. My favorite dish of the night, however, had to be the San Jiao Bian Ji, also known as Three Pepper Chicken. The strips of chicken were perfectly fried, which resulted in a crisp skin but moist interior, and the seasoning was a perfect mix of spicy, savory, with a hint of sweet. The additional red and green peppers finished off the dish and soon, all of our plates were wiped clean.I'm pleased to say that Cafe China was a risk worth taking. A charming interior, a variety of reasonably priced plates that stay true to their roots, and pleasant service can be found here. If y office was a bit closer to this location, I'm certain you'd find me here at least several times each week.
This is the best Chinese restaurant in Manhattan. As a guy from Chongqing, I love this place a lot. You should try this if you love spicy food and Sichuan flavor. It's definitely not American Chinese food. I love Ma Po Tofu, and it reminds me of Chengdu.  If you went to a Chinese restaurant and you wanted to try authentic Sichuan flavor, you would not order General Tso's Chicken, Chicken with broccoli.... Try something else like Dan Dan Noodle, Ma Po Tofu, Chongqing Spicy Chicken, Double cooked Pork....
Like others have said, the name "Cafe China" is very deceptive. I assumed it was a cheap take out type of place but once you step inside and and taste the food you realize why it's a Michelin Starred restaurant. I went on Christmas day and the wait was absurd; table for two - we waited 2 hours and there was still another 45 min so we got lucky and sat at the bar. Bartender made great drinks, best Manhattan I've had. We started with the baby ribs in bamboo leaves. Very small piece of meat, bland taste to it, no sauce. Wouldn't get that again. Spicy Cumin Lamb and Kung Pao Chicken was next. Spicy Cumin Lamb is AMAZING! Very similar to the Muslim Lamb from Fu Run in Flushing, however Cafe China is slices of lamb and not an entire rack. Kung Pao Chicken was OK. Weirdly it tasted better cold the day after. Hot and fresh it just didnt seem to be packed with flavor. So we decided to get the Tea Smoked Duck to make up for the Kung Pao. The duck is a large portion but as with all Duck, its very fatty so the actual amount of meat you eat isnt as large as it first seems. The duck was very tasty. Not overly crispy or seasoned, just right. Oh and the rice that compliments the meal is perfectly balanced between sticky and sweet. I will be back for more. Make sure to get the Spicy Cumin Lamb.
Perennial favorite. My relationship with Cafe China is bordering on unhealthy. I order food from there 4/7 days a week and have the delivery dudes' phone numbers on speed dial. Good god, I need to hit the gym. In all seriousness, there aren't many Chinese restaurants in the city that are as pleasing to the eye as they are pleasing to the mouth. Cafe China is kind of a rarity in that sense. I don't think I've had a single bad dish there. Some of the standouts:Apps-wise:Mouth Watering Chicken - call me up if this doesn't whet your appetite and I will personally check your taste buds Spicy Beef Tendon - those numbing peppers!Cold noodles Szechuan style - comes with some sort of nutty, sesame-flavored sauce on the bottom and a dash of chopped peanuts and onions on top. ClassicMains-wise:Pickle and Fish Stew - BEST DISH EVER. Get the fresh tilapia, skip the sole fillets. Prepare to eat more than you should.Spicy Cumin Lamb - the cumin is strong and hits the spot.Veggies-wise:Stir-fried Assorted Fresh Mushrooms - helps you "balance out" your meal. Comes with pea vines--nice.  Lightly Sautéed Loofah - surprisingly refreshingA note on the rating:So it makes zero sense to me that Cafe China has a lower than 4 star rating, because this is truly one of the best Sichuan restaurants in the city. To the reviewers who rate it lowly because it's spicy: wait........what? It's a SICHUAN restaurant. What were you expecting? Get your mediocre out-of-the-box kung pao chicken elsewhere if you can't handle the peppers. But then again, if this means I get seated within half an hour every time I go to Cafe Love of My Life, so be it.
Food here is overpriced for what it really is . Dan Dan Noodle reminded me of Korean instant noodles (jjapaghetti to be exact) and as for the tiny pumpkin donuts ($8), I probably can get the same thing in Chinatown for much less price. Pumpkin donuts also tasted nothing like pumpkin-- only red bean paste lingered in my mouth.Waiting service was the only part I enjoyed at Cafe China. Well the guy who served our table was kind of dry in terms of service. He looked confused when I had questions regarding the food, hardly smiled, and it was exhausting to make eye-contacts with him when I wanted to order more food. Another server however  instantly delivered a pair of chopsticks to me (took 30 seconds) when I accidentally dropped it. He was also the one who constantly refilled water in my glass. Because it was so difficult to reach my original waiter, I ended up calling the other guy for my check as well. Worth a visit because the place itself is adorable and (some) staffs are very professional. But I personally was let down by the food I had and would probably not return.
The food is wonderful. The fried rice with shredded duck was out of this world.  This was the best Chinese food we have ever eaten. Service was attentive, and prices were reasonable. You will not leave hungry. Reservations are a must for this hidden gem of New York city.
Super good food about as good as it gets for stirfry fried rice.
We went to the restaurant on Sunday night but all seats were full.I ordered chinese beer, ma po tofu and fried shrimp.Food was tasty and staff was friendly (specially bar counter staff ).Thay have many choices of alcohol.Bathroom was very clean!!All food is colored in red and looks so spicy, which I don't really like, but acutually they are not really spicy.I wish I could try dumplings, because my friends told us they are pretty good but I was full with the tofu. I will try it next time.THANK YOU!!
Worthy of its reputation, the food is excellent although very spicy, attentive and correct service. I would recommend only ordering food about 15 seconds before you are ready to eat it since the service is PROMPT. Decent wine list to accompany the food.
Best Sichuan food i had in the US. I really like the old chinese style decoration. Great service (with no tipping btw). Order any dish and you should not be disappointed. Very affordable too, only around $25 per person.
I've ordered from here on Seamless a number of times and I've been twice, always getting the same thing. Others I've been with have gotten other entrees and they've all been happy with them. I've also gotten my office addicted to these things (#sorryimnotsorry). Things you need to eat:1. Spicy Chengdu Wonton (so spicy, so tasty) 2. Tea Smoked Duck Fried Rice (you can literally taste the smoke. Yum)They always deliver in significantly less time than Seamless estimates and the delivery guys are all SO NICE! The food is really tasty and consistent. It's not what you often think of as "Chinese food" where it's greasy, Americanized and doesn't have any flavor. The Spicy Chengdu Wontons are what I consider medium spicy (a little burn, but not painful) but not too greasy and amazingly flavorful.
It is a very unique and interesting place. We started with Spicy Chengdu Wonton. A mouth of delight and mmmm! But the waiter got my friend's entree order wrong and never came back to change it. She ordered Three Pepper Chicken and got Chongqing Spicy Chicken loaded with very hot red chili peppers and dime size pieces of chicken. As hungry as she was and he never came back, she just ate it. Would have preferred order of choice. Too spicy hot! I had the steam beef over pumpkin. Great flavors just not spectacular. While you are NOT, suppose to tip there, the prices are a bit high for Asian food. I guess that makes up for it! The cocktail I order was very good but in a very small glass for $15. I think if you get what you ordered and have a good waiter, this would be a good place to eat.
You would never know from the outside or the inside that this place received a Michelin Star. Even so, it is well worth a try, and has some of the best Sichuan Chinese food in Manhattan outside of Chinatown.Getting right down to it, we ordered a ton of food, including some Sichuan staples, which were all quite good:- Dan Dan Noodles with minced pork ($6)- Xiao Long Bao ($6)- Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck ($14)- Kung Pao Chicken ($12)- Mapo Tofu ($11)The Sichuan stuff was all nice and spicy, but not unbearably so. They had a good amount of heat to make them all really enjoyable. The Soup Dumplings were kind of disappointing, and were just pretty average. The Fried Rice was very enjoyable, though I would probably get a non-duck version next time to avoid paying $14 for what was otherwise typical fried rice.Those actually aren't bad prices though for a Michelin-starred restaurant in this area (right off Madison Avenue). And surprisingly, it isn't really filled with white people tourists like you would expect, and there were plenty of Chinese people dining to make you feel like you were in a good place for real Chinese food.This is a very solid dining option for excellent Chinese food, and is an especially good find in this area that otherwise doesn't have so many great choices. I would definitely return to try some more of the extensive menu.
As someone who was born and raised in Taiwan, I tend to be critical of Chinese food unless found across Asia - it's an excess of salt, sugar, MSG and grease. But I was very pleased with every dish friend and I ordered. We got the spicy beef tendon to start which was a cold dish served in a standard rice bowl. A refreshing, crisp taste that preps your palate for the entrees. Then comes the Ma-Po Tofu. Don't be fooled by the blood-red of the sauce; it's not as spicy as it looks, which admittedly was slightly disappointing (I love spicy, the tingling-on-your-tongue kind of spice) but still delicious nonetheless. Ma-Po Tofu is one of my all-time favorites and this one certainly passed the test. The tea smoked duck was crisp and delicately prepared; normally I  see more meat on a duck dish but maybe they gave us a skinny duck. The eggplant in garlic sauce was also pretty good; I think its flavor might've been eclipsed by the tofu. Besides the beef tendon, the other three all came in decent portions. We couldn't finish everything - I think it'd come out perfect for 3-4 people to share.Service was impeccable. I knocked off my chopsticks (which I had rested atop my bowl because our dishes took up the whole table) not once, but TWICE. First time my friend grabbed a pair from the neighboring table (not without snickering) but a server came up in less than a minute to give me a new pair. Second time - a new pair appeared immediately without being summoned, as if they'd been watching me knowing I would embarrass myself yet again (I talk with my hands a lot okay). Relatively pricey for Chinese food, but the quality is definitely superior to what you'd normally get in Chinatown or Flushing. Also - you're spared the need to frown at rude servers who are incapable of smilng.
I ordered out last night and was surprised that the order came so fast (20 minutes) but after tasting the food I realized why. The tea smoked duck was all fat and bones with very little meat to speak of and the skin was the opposite of crispy. The sauteed Chinese broccoli was filled with water and was so salty that it was inediblle. The ribs were also flavorless. We were beyond disappointed as I have ordered from there and eaten there before and it was never like this. How can a Michelin rated restaurant let that kind of food leave its kitchen????
It was my first time to eat real Chinese food. I ordered Pork dumplings in chili oil, Duck fried rice and Kung pao chicken. Dumplings were firm but soft and juicy inside. Chili oil was not that spicy at all, good to dip dumplings in it or enjoy with rice. Chicken was perfectly cooked but I was embarrassed when I chewed the peppercorns in it. I don't really like any strong smell or taste of spices. If you are okay with spices, it won't matter but if you don't like them either, be aware not to chew them. All food was great. delicious! Portions are not big. Interior was perfect. I definitely love this place and will visit again.
Feels the quality of everything has gone down... both service and the food. Every dish is too salty. The portion is very small. The service is SUPER SLOW. We went here at 4:30 while there are only a few customers and most tables are available. But we have to wait several minute to get seated since every waiter was doing their own stuff and totally ignore us like the air. Even I asked one guy who is free if we have to wait in the front, he said yes instead of guideus to the seat.
I have been here on several occasions and yes, it is pretty damn good. Last night we had the steamed fish and as a side the aubergine- Wow delicious. When I am there, I actually feel as if I was in Shanghai. A little travel while staying in NYC. At the end we tried their pumpkin doughnuts, another blast of flavors soothing my palate. The waiters are friendly and helpful.
we went for lunch and the food was soooo so good. 10/10 would recommend. my only regret would be going on a super hot day because the food lived up to the spice. the service was really fast too. exceeded my expectations!
1. Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs 2. Lightly Sautéed SHREDDED Potatoes3. Pork Dumplings in Chili oil It's a good place to eat. Nice food and nice waiter. Chinese food in this restaurant is fancy and characteristic.
This place had some hits and some misses with me. My friend and I waited a solid 30 minutes to get seated one Friday night (without reservations, just kind of popped in after some friends recommended it to us) but we thought it would be worth it.We ordered the Dan Dan noodles to share, and then I did the Kung Pao chicken while my friend had a duck rice dish. The noodles were great, but not AMAZING (I prefer the Dan Dan noodles at Han Dynasty, which are more peanuty and rich and heavy). The Kung Pao chicken tasted great too and had a good texture, but was a little too gingery for my liking. Overall, average tasting food in an average space. Had higher hopes -- maybe I just didn't order the right things.
Pretty good Chinese. Seemingly clean - not too busy on Saturday around 6 pm but may be because it's midtown.I likes my sweet and sour deep fried chicken.   I'll go back and recommend it.
I loved this place. Great for a quick meal, not to get full off of it. The dumplings were OK, duck fried rice was good and the lobster was really good. Pork tofu was okay to me. My boyfriend liked it but wasn't full at the end
A friend had been wanting to try this place and I was totally game for whatever so we met up here for lunch. It was surprisingly busy for a Monday, but it's a pretty small place and I think is still running on some good buzz. It's definitely not your no-nonsense first generation Chinese food joint. This is Chinese Food: TNG. The place has a youthful, hip vibe, with its vintage 1930s Chinoiserie decor and uniformly young-looking wait staff. The menu has a lot of familiar Sichuan favorites and my friend and I decided to try their lunch specials: I got their mabo tofu with hot and sour soup, and I think my friend got the three pepper chicken--it was good but VERY spicy. I also got an order of their soup dumplings to see how it compared to a place like Din Tai Fung. I liked my mabo tofu a lot, but the dumplings were a waste; not even close to DTF--don't even bother. The portions were generous and the waiter was nice and on top of refilling our water and stuff, so overall a pleasant experience, but not sure if I'd be clamoring to go back any time soon. My friend speculated that perhaps if we'd opted for a non-lunch special the food might have been a little better? It's a reasonable assumption, as that generally seems to be the case at most places.STEPH JUDGEMENT: A nice option if you want a cool ambience to go with your pretty good Chinese food, but you might have to wait.
Nice lunch special with double cooked pork.  Delicious dish that came with a fresh tasting egg roll.  Super packed on the lunch hour so arrive before noon or be prepared for a wait.  Like the decor with the old posters and antique decorations.  Will come back to sample more of the menu that looks very good.  No tipping now.
Three of us had the lunch specials today.    The kung bao chicken was the hands-down favorite.   Well-flavored, very slightly sweet, it was awesome.   The mapo dofu was excellent as well, but I can't call it authentically Sichuanese since it lacked any discernible "ma" flavor -- where was the Sichuan pepper?  Dry-fried green beans also very good.   The specials came with hot and sour soup, which was perhaps even better than the chicken.   And we ordered pork pot-stickers -- also very good.   Couple of other points.  Their no-tipping policy is very welcome.  Service was fast and polite.  The price was good for midtown -- $12 per plate.     No reservations, whatever Yelp says.   There was a line when we arrived, at about 1:15, but we got in fairly quickly.   And I know fortune cookies are hardly authentically Chinese, but the post-lunch favor that came with the bill was -- wait for it -- Wrigley's chewing gum......I'll be back.
I am on the fence to see if I will try this restaurant again. I ordered the 3 pepper chicken which i assumed would contain some sort of sauce. Unfortunately, it did not and was superdry which is not good for such a spicy dish. However, I really enjoyed the soup and the freshness. I may want to try the restaurant again and choose another dish to decide if I am really going to be a repeat customer. This is my second time coming here but the first time I actually received my food. The first time I ordered onine and dropped by to pick up my food. I told the counter girl that I was picking up an online order placed 30 minutes prior along with my name. She took a quick look and said none of the names were mine. I stood there for 10 minutes while countless orders came out. I asked her to check. She did and said it's not yours it's coming out. After another 15 mnutes I asked her to go to the kitchen and check. She came back and said sorry we don't have your order. i was a little annoyed that she concluded this after 25 minutes instead of having common sense after 15 minutes to ask me for my order again and just putting it in with the kitchen. I would say that they should train their staff to use common sense and courtesy especially when it gets busy otherwise they will lose customers.
I had the cold noodles Szechuan style with white rice and the dressing on the cold noodles was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend this dish. I'd say it is a bit small of a portion but for 9 bucks it's fair, I got 2 orders of it. The layout of the restaurant is really well done.
Food was sub-par. I've had much better Szechuan/Chinese food in general, I am not sure how this has a Michelin star. Also keep in mind that their no-tipping policy also means that they have no inclination to really serve or help you.
I came here a lot. An A standard restraunt, their food is delicious and also beautiful. Everthing about this restraunt is great, and the price for restraunt like this - amazing.
Very disappointed with my recent experience at Cafe China. I've been here several times and the food is always excellent. The issue is not the food.However, I came here on December 31 2015 and left behind a cashmere beanie that was BRAND new. I called on January 2nd and they told me they don't keep stuff for more than 2 days so my beanie probably had been "thrown away". Hum hum.Word of advice, don't forget any stuff here, you will never get it back!!
3.5 stars with the potential for 4 if and when I eat in the restaurant. Upon entering, this place didn't exactly strike me as a restaurant with a Michelin star. The interior is meant to evoke a 1930s China feel, which I personally liked. For my takeout order, the place was all but empty on a Sunday afternoon around 3 PM. In about 20 minutes, I had my order of the husband & wife special, ginger flavored bittermelon, three pepper chicken, and savory tofu with pork.The food may have stayed fresher if I'd lived closer, but by time I got home I was too hungry to care if the three pepper chicken wasn't as crispy anymore. I enjoyed everything with the exception of the bittermelon (exclusively ordered for my Taiwanese husband). The three pepper chicken definitely packs a kick, and I bet it is just awesome fresh out of the fryer. I appreciated that it wasn't overly battered, unlike Han Dynasty's version of the same dish. Husband & wife special was a nice combo of thinly sliced beef and tripe in chili oil - not too spicy and not too oily. The tofu and pork worked well with the celery that was mixed in, and the subtle black bean flavor was nice.I would gladly eat food from Café China again. However, for the portion size, I think $14 is pretty steep for the chicken and pork entrées, even if they did come with white rice. The potential for 4 stars for me definitely hinges on whether or not dining in allows for bigger portions, but the photos on Yelp aren't too promising.
Delicious Chinese food, a very busy restaurant with great service. Look like most of front house staffs they are young new generation but they are so great and well playing teamwork for great services.  My favorite dishes here are three pepper chicken ( is very spicy ) and pork chili dumpling.
I have only given 5 stars to one other restaurant ever.This restaurant had super fresh food and EXCELLENT service. I mean 5 star service. This is a more upscale version of han dynastyI get it- they raise prices on some of their items (10-20%) in lieu of their no tipping policy, this but still - well worth it.The dan dan noodles were 1/3 the size of that at han dynasty (no doubt were just as good) but NOT worth the $8. Tiny bowl. The LUNCH SPECIAL is $12 and incudes a soup or spring roll and main meal.THey do not skimp on the portions.I got the three pepper chicken and it was the best Ive ever had. along with the brown rice.If i go back will try the kung pao. again, excellent lunch special.Dont know if I would go there for dinner -somewhat pricey compared to alternatives.
Michelin's price but not the Michelin's quality. We ordered three dishes, Dan Dan noodle, steam pork rice and spicy chicken. All the dishes's were appetizer's size for two skinny girls. Even though all these dishes were appetizer's size, we still cannot finish them, left big portion. The reason? Too salty. Almost saltiest dishes that I never had.
Came here for lunch on Saturday and didn't have to make a rezzy for a party of two. Overall I'd give it 4/5 stars if my friend and I hadn't just spent over $40 on lunch to be full but not completely satisfied with the food! Really had high expectations for this place since I love China Blue, which was opened by the same people as Cafe China. Cannot justify coming back unless I am in the area and craving Szechuan food.Atmosphere: 4/5Cozy and considered. The walls are a really pretty shade of blue and its furniture/decorations give it a cute, vintage vibe.Food: 3/5We had jellyfish in scallion pesto, pickle and fish stew, meatball soup, bok choi, and braised pork. I liked the braised pork and pickle and fish stew, but the other dishes like the meatball soup and bok choi were just okay. Service: 4/5Attentive service.
The four of us went to Cafe China last Friday at 6pm.  The restaurant was already almost full but luckily we were seated immediately.  I liked the decor and friendly wait staff which could be quite rare at a Chinese restaurant.  More importantly the food was superb.  Stand outs were husband and wife appetizer (beef and tripe), dan dan noodles, baby cucumbers, pork dumpling in chili oil, and spicy cumin lamb.  The rice desert too was excellent.  We did not try the cocktails which all sounded delicious but we thoroughly enjoyed the rose cava on the menu which was light and perfect with the spicy dishes.  I can't wait to go back for more...
Regular service, nothing special Ok food, very spicy. You can find the same quality at any food court! Michelin start really? Nah. More details: we finished the food before the rice came to the table.We had to ask for napkins, glasses, and more water. They served all the rices in one bowl, (brown and white) They fry chicken nothing special the same as any food court The duck normal. The sour sweet ribs was the only good thing. The eggplant normal. The vegetables roll terrible but really terrible
So reservation is a must if you want to eat here cause me and 10 other people went on a rainy, Tuesday afternoon, and it was packed. Thank gosh someone who came here before knew how crowded this place can get, and made reservation ahead of time. One Michelin Star, I thought to myself it can't be that bad. This is a legit Shanghai/Sichuan Cuisine; not the everyday lo mein and sweet and sour chicken fast food place.However, the food wasn't to my liking. It was either really bland or extremely salty and spicy. My group ordered Chungking Braised Fish in Red Soup, Pan-fried Lamb w/ Scallion, Kung Pao Chicken, Lightly Sautéed Fish, and Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs. Out of all those dishes I would probably recommend the lightly sautéed fish.The interior was very antique. The space was very narrow (people were literally back-to-back in their seats). Verdict: probably won't be back
So disclaimer--my review is based on getting takeout here which was aight. My friend and I had some sort of chicken dish with chilis, the onion pancakes, and pumpkin donuts. All in all... my take is mostly that you can get the same thing in Chinatown for much cheaper--our meal was $30. Yes it's another Michelin star and I could see how sitting in to eat here might have a better ambiance, etc, but is that really necessary? Sure it's authentic Chinese food, but I rather pay a fraction of the price for something just as good. anyways, I would still be down to try this place in person some time because I've heard the ambiance is worth checking out--but for now, my take is meh given how overpriced it is. authentic indeed, but unnecessary
After much debate whether LA or NYC has better Szechwan cuisine.. I finally went to where my friend told me was the bomb.Probably the cleanest Chinese restaurant I have been to... the bathroom is even clean!  It's still unisex.Anyways, it was pretty good...- conch in chili sauce was delicious- eggplant was pretty good but standard- chicken with chilis was good but I would say it was probably my least favorite of the dishesI would definitely come again.. oh and expect to wait!  l didn't wait for the table because cabs were so slow that day (with all the traffic).. but it was a good 15 minute wait so it might not work if you are in a rush.
My family came by loved this place. Dumplings, scallion pancake , some other dishes. They were all impressed and will be back again. The tipping was included in the pricing so you don't need to tip when eating in.
One of the best sichuan restaurants I've been to in the city. Food is top notch! Very tasty without being overly oily.  My only complaint is the small dish sizes - but at least the white rice is plentiful and complimentary! Our party of 6 ordered:- Dan Dan noodles: good, though SMALL. One order filled one small rice bowl- Husband and Wife appetizer: Basically thin sliced beef and tripe in chili oil. Also filled one small rice bowl- Scallion pancakes: oily but very good- Cumin Lamb: a table favorite- Mapo tofu: I was expecting more based on the rave reviews of other yelpers. I felt that this was average- Three pepper chicken. Good! Lots of peppers.- braised pork belly on top of mustard greens and spinach. Very fatty pieces of pork belly, if that's your thing- tea smoked duck fried rice: very fragrant. I loved this dish.- snow pea shoots: surprisingly generous dish. Cooked well.The space itself is decorated well, and they have the largest and cleanest bathroom I've ever seen inside a Chinese restaurant, haha. They also take reservations! Bumps this place up to 5 stars.
I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants to have Xiao long boa and I would not recommend this place to go to for that or Szechuan food.....the Xiao long boas were suck together and when you tried to pull them apart they ripped and the juice never made it onto the spoon or in my mouth.  They didn't take the time to make sure the baos didn't stick together when they were cooking it.  The flavor of the other dishes were ok but I except some spice in Szechuan food and the numbing spice just didn't exist.  The service was slow and they were not attentive.  The ambiance was nice.  Definitely could get a lot better food for a cheaper price in Chinatown.
Fantastic lunch. Stumbled upon this acclaimed restaurant by accident. Great food. Great service -- on a very busy Friday lunch.
I really appreciate that it's the first Chinese restaurant that has No MSG dishes. It is a chic restaurant with good service and good Chinese food.
Had dinner with my family and enjoyed the entrees: tilapia, eggplant with garlic sauce, and beef with tea mushrooms. Flavorful and delicious. The appetizer of pork with sticky rice was a little skimpy.  Service was responsive and friendly!
Don't know how this place got a Michelin star. It is just another fancy Chinese restaurant serving Northern (spicy) Chinese food. You can get the same food for 50% less in Chinatown or Flushing. However the service won't be as good (and it will be dirtier). If you like spicy northern Chinese food and watching your wallet, check out Xian food which is 3 blocks away. Here's our recent experience: Started with Ti Kuan Yin tea for $8 was not worth it. It was water down and not the top tea leaves (because tea is something I know about). Xiao Long Bao - Not recommended. Skin was too thick. Go to Joe's Shanghai if you want a real xiao long bao. Dan Dan Noodles were authentic. Wish they could've provided more meat. Fried Sweet Potatoes were different and very tasty. It was the best thing on the menu.Spicy wonton and dumpling were so so. The spicy sauce was authentic but the wontons were mediocre. Not Michelin quality if you ask me. For entrees we had Ma Po tofu which was nice and spicy. However the Tofu was in cubes which is not right. Ma Po Tofu should be watery and smooth that can go over rice. We also had some veggies and lamb. Again, nothing extraordinary to make this place a Michelin restaurant.
Service was great! Waiters were very attentive, and offered good suggestions on food. We got seated immediately...good idea to make an advance reservation, especially if you're a large party. Food was delicious. It was a bit on the pricier side. All in all, a great meal and experience.
Cafe China's a good option to try if you're in midtown and craving for some spicy Chinese food. They have a pretty interesting decor, old shanghai style. Service is decent and food is slightly better than average. It's what you'd expect from a typical Chinese restaurant. I came here with a group of coworkers during lunch and it was quite crowded that day. Luckily we didn't have to wait too long for our seats because of our reservation. For a group of 5, it took us about 5-10 minutes to get seated. As for our meal, we ordered a bunch of spicy dishes: Shredded Pork in Garlic Sauce, Eggplant in Garlic Sauce, Braised Fish with Tofu, Pan-fried Lamb with Scallion, Shredded Beef with Asian Chili. They were all pretty spicy so I wouldn't recommend it to people who can't take Szechuan style spice. You can probably order the same dishes mild, but don't know how good they would be.Overall I thought the food was pretty good for midtown since there's not that many options around. I do feel it's a bit overpriced for Chinese food but I guess that's how it is in the area.
Great tasting, high quality Chinese in a fun (but busy) setting. Make sure you share your food because there are so many different great tastes you want to make sure you get them all. We went for a spicier collection of dishes which was not disppointing.
Really did not live up to expectations. We waited 30 minutes - which was fine, but I wish the wait was worth it. Flavors were not very authentic and the service was very slow. There are better chinese restaurants in the city for sure.
Cafe China is my lunch place when I was working in K town.Shanghai cuisine as opposed to Sichuan. So it has a mixed feeling. Always super crowded. If you are close by, worth a try if you like Chinese food.
Michelin rated Chinese food? I had to try.  Away from the craziness of Chinatown is this lil gem in midtown, bonus pts for being so close to me.  The Tea Smoked Duck & the Ma Po Tofu were tasty & safe bets to go along with an order of the Spicy Cumin lamb.  Service was good, definitely worth a look if you're in the area.
Not good and overpriced. Will not be here again .. The 3 spice chicken tasted like raw peppers.. Beef w squash was so bland.. Bleh
The process of getting a take-out order here is difficult. I ordered a Ma Po Tofu lunch special. The order taker via phone was not helpful. Her broken English was even more harsh. I can't recommend to anyone ordering from here. I guess their business is so good they don't care about the customers.
1.5 Had high hopes for this Michelin star restaurant.   Lunch prices were decent put the food was oily, overly spiced (as in mouth burning off) and hot and sour soup- not good. My light sautéed fish was average (very small portion). My fiance's double cooked pork dish was inedibly bad - but he was too nice to return it!
3.5 StarsI like this place a lot but it's a little pricy. I know the quality if much better than other Szechuan restaurants so it's worth it at the end. I liked their mapo tofu, husband and wife dish and 3 pepper chicken. I wasn't too impressed with the soup dumpling and the braised fish with tofu however. The restaurant feels clean and retro Chinese chic.
Super authentic and really impressive Chinese food. There are so many subtle ways the quality of the food is so amazing, it's hard to describe. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, just to gauge the aptitude of the chef, and it was likely the best I've ever had, including in China and Taiwan. The sauce was so complex and deep, the chicken was tender and well cooked, the peanuts were fresh, it was really really good. Very reasonable prices. It's been discussed how it could be somewhat expensive, but that's really not taking into account that this is Manhattan, tip is already added into the cost, and this isn't Chinese takeout, this is high quality (apparently Michelin star worthy) authentic Chinese food. For the quality of the food, it's well worth the cost. Service was good, waiters spoke both English and Mandarin proficiently. Atmosphere is good too, not gaudy but not cheap. The tables are mostly 2-people and 4-people, so be wary if you have a large group. Definitely recommended, if you think Chinese food only has a ceiling on quality and just plateaus, I'd say Cafe China offers a definitive counter example. Give it a try.
This place used to be my fav suchuan resaurant! The must haves: hot boiled fish filet, chicken saliva, green beans, boy choi and fried sweet and sour fish! The fried rice is good too.
this place is decent, nothing to write home about.  I'm not sure why it has a Michelin star, there is way better Szechuan food (although not much better in NYC...)maybe my standards are high because I'm used to the amazing and affordable authentic Chinese food in socal (hello san Gabriel valley!).  This place is fine, I would come back given the limited options for this genre of food around NYC, but wouldn't go out of my way to come here
This is my favorite Chinese place hands down. I've always left happy from this place. Typically I'll order just about every item from the dim sum menu and share with 3-4 other people. Pork buns awesome. Scallion pancakes awesome. Everything was great except that the past time I was there the service seemed very inattentive. I was without water for most of my meal which would have been fine had some of the items not been spicy. All in all I am still going back because there's no other Chinese place I'd go to.
I really want find good place to show my American friends what is called good Chinese restaurant (good food with stylish ambiance of the place), mind you- I had high hope for this one... I have to say I am a little disappointed... I will give 3.5-4 starsService -Very good and professionalFood - it is a little bit above average, Lamb cumin: taste is OK, but lamb quality is not good, I rather to pay more to have quality food, it is important to me.Dumpling in red oil: not bad, but you can find same quality dish many places in the townShanghai Veg: not bad, again you can find many places in the townCocktail: Not bad for Chinese placeAmbiance: good for Chinese place, have some style, my BF love it.Overall, it is good place to try out if you are in this area.Worth to mention that they have "no tip" system.
This is a full on review on my cafe china experience  (3.5) and also my very first review on yelp! Ambience: was here on a Thursday night and literally was a huge wave of line (seriously, the restaurant was packed throughout the night!! ) but the interior and the vibe looks really nice so me and my friends decided to wait. Front lady: can I just say she is the sweetest young lady, explained the waitlist policy and left my phone number with her, charismatic personality, and had such a genuine smile. The wait time was around 25 minutes but we got in with in 15-20.!! Server/ busser: once the lady seated us down, we immediately were served with water. (Very satisfied) however , the table were kind of wet. Service was great, management trained them well. Server provided amazing service and gave us some amazing recommendations of the dishes.Food:-Mapo tofu: amazing flavor but it was pretty salty, spices and heat were on point - scallion pancake: taste was good but kind of oily-Kung pao chicken: seriously to die for, I am still craving for it and would totally go back -dan dan noodle: table service was great, they mix it table side for you when served!Bar:Would definitely try out their bar next time, saw people on yelp recommending their lucky lychee!Bathroom:That door jams a little, expected to be cleaner as a mechilin restaurant. Overall, I would say the taste is very great, it's just some was too oily for me. So just some tiny stuff that went off, but I can't wait to be back and try more of their dishes. I saw people doing takeouts as well! Might consider that option too . Good experience overall!
Great food and quick service. Tight seating but i didn't mind it much. Servers were very attentive and I couldn't possibly say anything bad about the dim sum. Our family loves dim sum and every city, state, and country we visit we try to eat dim sum at least once. On our previous trip to NYC we tried two other dim sum places.. they were eh. The shrimp and pork soup dumplings here are so fresh and good! I was impressed to be honest.
As a Chinese food lover, here I am to Cafe China, the Michelin Chinese restaurant.Food is good, and service is so nice. Especially, a rude guy said F word to the host young lady, and I saw they still did what they should do. Five stars to the service.
This was my first time coming here and I wasn't impressed. I was intrigued because I've heard so many great reviews and it has a Michelin Star so I had very high expectations. I have a feeling that I didn't like it because of what I ordered, which was the roast duck and the blooming fish. I definitely had better roast duck and fish from other affordable Chinese spots. However the service was amazing and I will definitely go back to try something new on the menu!
Feast on authentic Szechuan at this Shanghai Prohibition speakeasy cafe. Elegant ambiance, delicious cuisine - spice and flavor done beautifully. Recommend the below:- Dan Dan Noodles with minced pork - perfect for sharing, easy on the palate- Spicy Beef Tendon with peppercorn & chili oil - love prepared beef tendon- Chong Qing Braised Fish Stew (Red Style) with tilapia, chili oil & peppercorn. Simply outstanding. Our party of 4 devoured this and it's a huge portion. Couldn't get enough!- Spicy Cumin Lamb with chili pepper, onion & cilantro - crowd-pleaser and absolutely stole the show. Flavor on point, perfectly seasoned lamb with that signature mouth-tingling feel (ma la)- Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic - my favorite Chinese vegetable, a perfect complement for Szechuan spice!Michelin one-star rating well-deserved, kudos! Reservations are a must.
Loved this place. I had the duck fried rice. At first, I thought the portion was small and I was a little disappointed. When j finished eating it I felt full and satisfied. It was the perfect portion size. The food was delicious. The duck was fresh and did not have too much fat in it. I also ordered he spring rolls that were very good as well. The service was great. Barely any wait time and the food came out real fast. Can't wait to go back and try something else. Also, this restaurant has bebe nominated for a Michelin Star for a few years now. Very well deserved!
Service: 5/5I'm not super great with spicy food, and generally at any type of restaurant, I drink a lot of water. So I really appreciated the fact that the servers always had a jug ready (especially since their glasses were relatively small). And in general, they were great with fast and friendly service!Food: 4/5The food here was delicious; that Michelin star is well-deserved. I'm excited to see a homey-style authentic Chinese place receive one of these. The cold noodles were a favorite, the perfect palate prep with just a brush of spice. We also got the eggplant, the double cooked pork, and the shui zhu yu. One of my favorite Szechuan dishes is that fish dish, and let me tell you, it was amazing. The ma la was perfect. Had to take a point off because the eggplant was disappointing - kind of undercooked, and I personally think it should basically always be prepared to the point where the skin is almost falling off. And at that price, everything should be perfect.Atmosphere: 4/5Point off because there is essentially no waiting area, so we were stuck between freezing our butts off and being in everyone's way. Also there's a huge bar (why??) in the middle of the restaurant (which is tiny) which I thought disrupted the flow of the space. Otherwise, I like the somewhat crammed feel of the restaurant -- pretty authentically Chinese!
We waited for 20 minutes for diner.  It's quite crowded and narrow place.  The food here is ok but it does not impress me.  It's a good idea to use some famous Chinese movies names as their special cocktails name. However, I don't think the taste and design match my expectations...
I love coming here for lunch!! It's pretty amazing this place has a Michelin star and it's not over $100 per person. I always get the same thing and I love it. I get the duck fried rice and I think it's amazing! It's more on the plain side but you can really taste the flavor of the duck and tea on the rice. It also has egg and green onion in the fried rice. I plan to come back in the future and one day try another dish!!
I always order take out from this place. Today I came here for the first time. This place is so pretty! Service is excellent! Their portion is just right. And I like that their food is not like one of those greasy Chinese take-out place.I love their wonton soup, scallion pancake and the dumplings in hot chili oil (it's not that spicy, you can take it!)They take reservation with a big party. Definitely do it because even if it was just 2 of us on a Sunday night, it would be a half an hour wait for us. We ended up just sit at the bar which was also a great exp. By the way, they were serious about no tipping! I had no space to write my tip when I got my credit card bill. So this kind of compensate for the fact that it's a little pricier than your Chinese food next door.
I love this place because service is good and fast, the place is nice, the food is amazing and the prices are great - especially the lunch specials. The food is prepared on a traditional way but at the same time with some refinement and nicely presented.Some dishes I've tried: sauteed chicken filet, shredded beef, spicy cumin lamb, kung pao chicken, duck rice.  The kung pao chicken is usually spicier than what they advert, but still delicious. The lamb and beef are equally exciting - but the duck rice not so much
Very good Sichuan food! The restaurant is bit small and usually very crowded. Recommend to come early if you decide to go for dinner!
Omg go here it's so good!! I work nearby and my whole office is obsessed with this place. We hit up the lunch special or take visitors from out of town for dinner. For the publicity this place has received they keep it real by not charging insane prices. Go here.
My go to place since moving to NYC a year ago. Reliable, good value, great ambiance, decent service, and most importantly delicious (and 100% consistently good) food.Highlights - pork dumpling in chilli oil, scallion pancakes, and any of the chicken dish.Low Points - pork soup dumplings, non alcoholic beverages selection
Tasty and authentic szuchuan and shanghai food. I like beef with tea tree mushroom. But the waiting time is over an hour.
Have to give it a 5 star! Surprisingly, their cuisine is quite traditional, which is really different from most other Americanized Chinese food in Manhattan. What really blew me away is the steam beef with pumpkin. It might not sound as delicious as its name, but I guarantee that this dish would change your perception of how beef can be cooked. Absolutely stunning! Definitely recommend getting the pickle cabbage fish. It is a bowl of mouth watering soup that could pair with all your spicy dishes. Yes, try all their spicy dishes. You will not regret it.
Came here not sure what to expect since it's a Michelin star place. What's great is there is no tip. What's also great is the food.I got the husband/wife appetizer and the mung bean noodles. Also had the shui zhu yu, chongching chicken, luffa, bok choy.Highlights were the fish and chicken. Those were very good and the fish included tofu in it ( which was a first for me). The chongching chicken is exactly how you expect it to be, small pieces, numbing and spicy.The others were good, but none really stood out as must gets
It is a friggin SHAME that this place is reviewed so lowly on Yelp, it literally has a MICHELIN star and is amazing.My sister and I came here and we ordered a couple of things:1. Yu xiang rou si. I'm not sure what it's called in English, but it was okay. The pork wasn't that amazing and a little hard to chew.2. Husband and Wife something something pork something. amazing. top notch, hard to get better except for maybe adding some peanuts into it.3. Sweet Eggplant thing. This was the best dish we got - the outside of the eggplant was just a bit crispy and the inside was nice and soft as I'd expect an eggplant to be. Highly recommend it.With our combination the only problem was that dish 1 and 3 had very similar flavors, that could've been better.
If you want to dine at a  Michelin Star restaurant that won't break the bank, this is your place.   Located in a nondescript location off of Madison Ave on 37th street you could easily miss it except you will notice a crowd of Chinese patrons waiting to be seated.  It is decorated like a 1930's Shanghai establishment with pictures of elegant movie stars, panelled screens and Art Deco lamps.  It is bustling and busy with chatter of diners celebrating birthdays and ever hard working staff providing great service.  We ate here on a busy Saturday night wondering how a Sichuan Restaurant could garner a coveted Michelin Star. I have to admit I was a skeptic but was pleasantly surprised to agree with the accolades.  We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Soup Dumplings and Steamed Dumplings to start.  Entrees included the Kung Pao Chicken,  Blossom Fish, Spicy Eggplant, Bok Choy, Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck.  The dishes were all excellent- prepared well and not over seasoned.  For Dessert we shared the Sticky Rice and the Pumpkin Donuts.  I enjoyed dining here and it is a great option for Sichuan food outside of Chinatown.  Do I think my discerning MIL would approve of this place? Yes, and as a matter of fact I think I will dine with her here the next time I return.
Great place. Dumpling very fresh & delicious omg the spicy chicken is so good Best Chinese restaurant in town
I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food but I was introduced to this place by a friend and I will say I'm not disappointed. This is a Michelin rated restaurant so I had high expectations.    If you're into Szcechuan style cuisine, you'll know that the food is on the spicy side. To start, I had the beef strips with cumin. Be aware, the cumin is heavy in this cold dish. It's really good though. If you don't like cumin, then I don't recommend this. The three pepper chicken is to die for. It's stir fried with red and green chili peppers and peppercorn. It's really really spicy but the flavor is indescribable. The eggplant Szechuan style is a good veggie dish to go with the chicken as well. I would recommend the lunch specials. It runs from 11:30am to 3pm Monday through Friday. It comes with rice and soup/spring roll for a super good price. I'm not exactly sure what drink I had but it had lychee and elderly flower in it. That was amazing as well.       The whole experience was 5 star. I know I only gave it a 4 star because I need to try more entrees to determine how good it really is. For a Chinese restaurant, it is very clean. The bar is rather small but the decor is really beautiful if you're into the vintage China look. During a nice day they have the front open so you can enjoy the fresh air.
I don't really want to give Cafe China a two star review, as it was one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Food here is quite satisfactory, but the service here is bad. More specifically, it is their service attitude that dissatisfied me this time. Just like other Chinese restaurants, good service shall not be expected; however everyone here seemed to be unprofessional. More staff training might be necessary in this case. The reception girl even made fun of our extremely long waiting time.
Food is delicious, especially the cumin lamb and pork dumplings. However delivery took a long time and the delivery man yelled at me for not giving him a big enough tip, which I thought was extremely inappropriate.
The food is delicious!  The spicy pickled fish soup was the stand-out dish. Service standard, a bit distracted and the talking volume a bit high so the ambiance is so-so.  The dishes and glasses should be cleaner (hence the B rating), and they should have a second bathroom as the restaurant fills up for dinner causing one to wait.
Actually one of the best restaurants in NYC. Priced right, good portions and phenomenal food. Wonderful
Great foods and clean place. Staff are helpful as well. We ordered crispy chicken, mushroom noodle soup, and sautéed string bean. All are delicious. Better get there before lunch time bcos place will be full.
Five of us had dinner and it was so authentic we all truly enjoyed all the dishes. Needs early booking due to so much of demand. That suggests the quality of food. I recommend to visit the cafe at least once taste truly authentic Chinese dishes.
Best Chinese restaurant I ever been! I know pretty well about Chinese food and tried many places but this place is the best I can say for sure I love all the dishes I tried there but not too much for dessert. They can change the level of spicy too
I called for delivery. The receiver was really rude. My first credit card did not go through and she asked me to be hurry, in a really impatient tone. I haven't ate my food so I don't know how the food tastes like but the receiver's attitude already made me so unhappy.
Small and crowded with wonderful food in Midtown.  No reservations but it's OK if you come early.  Szechuan food with unusual choices.  Worth a trip.
Cool environment and good food.  There is wait time during the weekend but it is completely worth it.  I love their black baby lambs.  More expensive than other equivalent Chinese restaurants.  Their pork dumplings with chili oil are amazing! :)
I came here with a large group of chinese friends, and we all appreciated the food for its authenticity and quality! We ordered so much food, more than we could finish, and I was quite happy with what the bill ended up being. For spicy options, I really like the 重庆辣子鸡 (spicy fried chicken bits) and the 水煮鱼 (spicy fish). For non spicy options, they have great vegetable dishes! Their soup dumplings, while good, are not the best that I've had. We also ordered many different types of noodles and nothing disappointed.The decor is also quite interesting. The walls have paintings reminiscing the glorious 1930s Shanghai, which is quite trendy and different from typical Chinese restaurants in New York. The food itself though is largely Sichuan cuisine so don't be deceived!I'm subtracting one star because of the long wait. We had made a reservation, but it still took more time than we would have liked to get seated.
visited here on a sunday evening, was difficult to get a spot bc it was reserved all the way from 4 pm to 9 pm!  we came to see what a budget 1-star michelin restaurant would look like and were pleased with our experience.the food is very savory and up to par compared to west coast or dirtier more "authentic" sichuan places. wouldn't say it has the best of quality in terms of taste or labor in preparing the food (e.g. how thinly sliced can you make the tofu and meat), but certainly excellent for midtown location and will satiate your craving for numbing spicy (peppercorn) food. the menu is pricey but certainly not unreasonable - our group came out to about 30 per person without drinks and were quite full at the end. the food is on the greasy side (as all good chinese food is) but slightly less so than Ollie's.the setting is 1930s shanghai as described by other yelpers and quite charming, appropriate for families, friends and even dates if you choose a spot towards the bar.
I had a dinner in here. Service was good and the waiter checked our tea pot every 10 min. However, the food was not tasty. The stirred chicken was so hot that I cannot taste the other ingrediants in it without peppers. Also, shirimp dumpling smells too fishy. I heard that the other menu was good, but the foods I had were not good enough.
This meal was the best Chinese I've had in my life.  My husband has stated that he will never be able to eat at another Chinese restaurant because they won't compare.  Phenomenal.  Outstanding.  Extraordinary.  Must have.  So sad we can only have this experience while we're in New York because we live in CA! 4 thumbs up!!
Dishonest restaurant. I ordered fried rice with smoked duck and another entree. The fried rice does not come with any smoked duck!!! It costs 14 bucks. Unbelievable!! Shame and dishonest is the only thing I want to say.
A decent restaurant but it is insulting to put it a Michelin 1 star! What on earth it taste the 1 star? I hope the celebrity effect did not make the Michelin referees ashamed. Definitely not not worth 1 star. But yes it is a good authentic restaurant, and that's all it deserves.
This place got more expensive and smaller portion every time I visit. The quality and flavor of food also have gone down significantly. I don't think it deserves a Michelin star neither a good review. Don't think I'd visit again, not worth it.
We were 3 Chinese American women having lunch midtown intrigued with the concept of a restaurant with early 20th century Shanghai ambiance.  We came for the fun but were blown away by the high quality of the food. Others were as well, since the restaurant was packed during the lunch hour. Deducted 1 star since the serving staff was a bit rushed - probably could have used 1-2 more servers. Go, you won't be disappointed.
Very old Shanghainese style decoration. Food is pretty good, a little bit Americanized though. Fish with pine nuts is my favorite :)
One of my favorite Chinese restaurant. This restaurant is one of the first restaurant to get rid of the tip. They are an early adaptor to join other restaurants such as Gramercy Tavern. So the tip is all included within the food cost. My favorite dish is the fillet fish with tofu. This is the only place with this menu and I never had it anywhere else. Also, the eggplant Szechuan style and chungking spicy chicken are amazing, which I always get. There dishes are big to share and they have the large table inside to accommodate a large group. It's not a good place for kids, but a great place for a big group. Also the ambiance is nice for a Chinese restaurant, so good enough to bring a date.  It's my go to Chinese place, I highly recommend it.
Came here with a group of friends. The food was great - someone ordered on my behalf so unfortunately I don't remember all that we got. Drinks and cocktails were surprisingly good. But, agreed, the wait staff does not quite pay attention all the time so you really have to flag them down. But the food is good and that's all that matters for me in Chinese food restaurants.
Decent sichaun in midtown. Gets really busy and crowded during prime dinner hours so I would get there before 7 but crowd dies down after 8/9pm. I typically like my sichaun chicken cooked a certain way since I'm use to the style of how they cook the peppercorn chicken at han dynasty. The peppercorn chicken dish here is more stir fried than deep fried. But the dan dan noodles are great here, noodles are really nice. Red oil wontons also good but a bit oily, but you can always drip the excess oil off so it's not such a big deal. Another great thing is that the distance range they cover is pretty wide for deliveries which is very nice!
This place is as good as it gets for Chinese food in NYC. It's the most authentic place I've found in Manhattan, outside of mainland China for that matter, and it's fairly upscale as well (i.e. I can go for a nice dinner with friends, family, coworkers, etc.). For starters, the bang bang chicken, dan dan noodles, and dumplings in chili sauce are classics. For main courses, the kung fu shrimp is out of this world - you won't believe it until you try it. Another favorite is the spicy cumin lamb. The staff is extremely friendly (despite how tough it is to get a table some nights), and they respect your time and want you to have a relaxing, enjoyable experience.Enjoy!
Nope, not worth the hype and whatever award they got. The food was pretty disappointing in terms of price, taste, quantity, and presentation. This place is pretty pricey and honestly the food was just average. The presentation is "homey" and definitely not something that I expect for the price I pay. The restaurant probably doesn't deserve 2/5 for just the food itself, but honestly due to the hype on this restaurant I feel it definitely doesn't deserve getting any awards.
This place has become a favorite of ours, my parents (who are Chinese) and of various friends for a few years now, since it first opened.  It is good authentic food, with excellent service and a nice vibe. Always consistent. Highly recommend the mouth watering chicken, cold cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, soup dumplings, fried dumplings, fragrant fish fillet, pork belly, duck with ginger, and eggplant in garlic. Those are some of the dishes we always get! Every time we bring new friends, it becomes their favorite too.
I've been the best restaurants to eat in New York this summer. The food is very good and everyone is very friendly.
After ordering from here so many times on seamless, finally decided to try out the restaurant and go for the dining experience. Really cute space that's very old fashioned, speakeasy decor and feel. Which is unusual for a Chinese restaurant. When I called, they said they didn't take reservations but I definitely saw people go in with reservations so maybe I misheard. We ordered the five spice beef and mouth watering chicken which were okay. Prices were definitely more expensive than usual Chinese restaurants and the portion was quite tiny. We also got the spicy fish in red soup, Chungking spicy chicken, green beans and another meat dish with peppers. It was all pretty good but my mom said the dishes were all inauthentic and suited more for American taste buds. So really up to your own discretion. Basically inauthentic but tasty food.
Food is very tasty here, I'm surprised this restaurant near tourists location but have good taste, glad I tried here. Just a little bit far from subway station and also need to queue for a while for a table.
We stopped in here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon because it was close to our hotel. Turns out the food is excellent (even if it was pretty spicy). Definitely give this place a try.
Came here on a Friday night and waited about a half hour for a table for two - not bad. We ordered the pork dumplings in chili oil and pork sandwiches to start off. Dumplings were awesome and flavorful and the sauce was delicious - best part of the meal. Pork sandwiches were good too, but I've had better.Entrees: pan fried lamb for me and kung pao chicken for him, each with a serving of rice. I liked my lamb dish better but the chicken was tasty too, though not very spicy, and I liked the crunch of the peanuts it was cooked with. I couldn't finish my food, definitely something to share. Service was quick, polite, though rushed as they were pretty busy. I would go back.
Everything is so good!!! We tried about 6 things and shared them and absolutely every dish was phenomenal. My personal favorite was the tofu but all were truly delicious.
Came here with my parents on a Sunday night. We came pretty early but even when we left there weren't too many people. Apparently this place doesn't take reservations for parties of 4 or less, but when I got there, they asked if we had a reservation anyways...so it seems like they do but probably only for customers that come here a lot. What we ate:- Braised fish in white soup: I normally get this in red soup since I'm a huge fan of spicy food. The white soup tasted alright too although it was better in this out sichuan restaurant in the city.- Dan dan noodles: This was delicious and the best that I've had in a long time or anywhere i've tried recently here. There was a lot of flavor and it was a perfect mixture of spicy with peanut-y. Wasn't as good the second time I had it though. - Shredded beef with green chili: This was pretty good. The flavor was good and it wasn't too salty and both the chili and beef tasted fresh- eggplant: the eggplant was pretty fresh but it just tasted like vinegar and eggplant- hot and sour soup: didn't have very many ingredients but was a good amount of sour and spicy- Tofu and fish: Tasted pretty good with a good amount of fish to tofu
Being able to make a res for 4 or more is great esp for brunch!Mung bean noodles, cumin beef, dan dan noodles, cucumbers all excellent. Tea smoked duck wasn't as good as I imagined. Chung king chicken was the perfect balance of spicy and crispy - a must try!  Mushroom vegetable dish also had pea shoots and a delish garlic flavor. Only draw back is portions are small compared to other Szechuan restaurants I've been too. I like more bang for my buck usually.
My coworkers and I worship cafe China, we simply can not have enough of it. We plan our team lunches here regularly and look forward to it every time and are never disappointed. The lunch specials are perfectly portioned and the flavors are out of this world. The service is consistently  fast and attentive and the ambience makes you feel like you are sitting in a cafe in old timey 1930s Shanghai, very unique and cozy and inviting. We always get the mapo tofu, three pepper chicken lunch specials. Price range per person is $10-$12 for lunch. This space is small or "intimate " and there is always a crowd at lunch past 12pm. Their mapo tofu is the best I have ever had. Cafe China has ruined Szechuan food for me anywhere else :) I am a devoted and loyal fan for life
I give the ambience and vintage decor five stars. The food was bad. I hate to give a lousy review, but I don't want others to get ripped off. The shredded duck had strings of blubber that were off putting, the wanton soup had weak broth and the wantons were the same texture as the shrimp dumplings appetizer. The Kung pao chicken was rubbery and didn't taste of chicken. Disappointed.
I read of this place from a magazine. So I went with my husband this evening and give it a try. To my disappointment, the food is only so so. The soup dumplings are tasteless. The pork was too stiff, dry and hard. I hope the chef would improve their quality and cooking skill to meet the Michelin standard.
I've never been here - but my 2 buddies have.  And since i'm chinese, i looked at the prices and immediately thought - wow - that's expensive for Chinese food.  But in reality it's Szechuan Chinese.  So key note: It's expensive for what it is and the portion sizes are small.  If you don't know what Szechuan Chinese is - basically it's spicier Chinese food utilizing the Szechuwan peppercorn which gives a numbing, tingly, spicy sensation.  Something pretty unique across all facets of food.  The food here is very tasty, albeit spicy.  My buddies were sweating bullets midway through the meal.Anyway we ordered the husband & wife appetizer and the wontons. Along with a chicken dish, mapo tofu, cumin lamb and lastly sauteed loofah (which is a Chinese melon kind of like a cucumber)All were delicious. My personal favorite was the chicken and lamb dishes with generous amounts of peppercorns and chili's. The wontons weren't amazing but not bad either. Husband and wife combo cold dish was tasty and very good with rice. Overall though the mapo tofu is the best thing on the menu. I could order this and just eat it with rice all day long.Get the mapo tofu. It's spicy, but if you don't die, it's delicious!
Ma Po Dofu I had was too spicy and not that tasty compare to other Szechuan places.  I wasn't impressed.
The service and food go hand and hand here. The mapo tofu is the bomb! So spicy but so good!! Make sure to get a pitcher of H2o for the aftermath!! Or call the fire Dept to put out the fire in your mouth! So worth it !
They have one of the best kungpao chicken in town and decent starters, was my favorite place for lunch but for some unknown reasons the food quality has been unstable recently. Got food that's way too salty or with weird tastes.
There are not many authentic Chinese restaurants in Midtown and this is probably as close as you can get as far as Szechuan. The place is beautifully decorated with  vintage charm, unlike most typical Chinese restaurants where décor is usually not a priority. When you walk in, it feels like you step back into the 1920s or 1930s especially with dim lighting and antique photos hanging on the walls. One of the better décor items are their plates and bowls, which are not the plain porcelain ceramics. But these have nice prints and embellishments on them, which remind me of certain antiques that my grandparents kept when they moved here from China.  Now moving on to food, I would say if you're not much of a spicy food person, then this place may not suit you. I would say about 80% of their dishes are spicy (hint: Szechuan) but I'm sure you can ask for mild if needed.  I really enjoy their eggplant in garlic sauce and ma po tofu. It's not heavily soaked in sauce but has enough flavor to make your mouth water for more. They also have a small selection of dim sum here  but obviously, they don't have people pushing carts around here.  I've only been here for lunch but would like to come back for dinner soon.
I am a regular here. As a harsh food critic, my standard on Sichuan restaurants is something that's not compromisable. The quality of foods Cafe China has served over the past couple of years has dramatically improved. Their mapo tofu is delicious and not overwhelmingly spicy, and their sauteed chicken filet is the most delicious dish on the menu. Most of all, I love their house cocktails: classic vesper (crafted in their own way), 2046 and lust caution. If it's your first time dining here, just get sauteed chicken filet and braised fish in white soup for sure. They are that awesome. I also love their braised fish with tofu and it was my all time favorite for a while before I betrayed it for sauteed chicken fillet :)I also like the fact that the owners and workers at Cafe China genuinely care about the quality of their food and customer satisfaction. This is the reason why I always return to Cafe China with a bunch of my friends who haven't experienced its awesomeness yet. Thank you, Cafe China! Keep up the good work :)
Best mapao toufao in town. The 5 spice pepper chicken  is good too. Gets busy during lunch hour so get there early. Only 1 bathroom.
Great food. One of the best Szechuan food in NYC.One thing I would recommend is to grab the seat at the back of the restaurant, because during summer, there isn't much A/C for the seats by the front door.
Great food and atmosphere.  Rice with duck, dumplings, eggplants with garlic.... The staff super nice. A place to come back.
If Cafe China delivered to my apartment there is a strong possibility that I would eat the three pepper chicken every day of the week.
Atmosphere:Yooo this place is legit. For a place that is/was Michelin one star, it's pretty decently priced.  Good atmosphere for a variety of events, such as a family dinner, large group of friends, old couples date.Food:I've had lots of Chinese food (although in my house we just call it food) and Cafe China is as good as it gets in New York. Food is served family style usually. A lot of classic Chinese food that isn't mainstream in most restaurants. My favorite appetizers include the Dan dan noodles, the husband and wife dish, the jellyfish.  Their whole fish is some of the best I've had.Random:One small complaint though: They can tone it down on the salt just a little bit. Not trying to get hypertension.
If you're looking for real authentic Szechuan food then Cafe China does not fit the bill. However, this does not mean that it is not a good restaurant, it is still a fair representation of Chinese food. Just coming from a Chinese perspective, the dishes are sweeter than other places in the same category. I think the overall taste would appeal better to the western audience. Slightly better renovated than the other 2 Szechuan restaurants located on 39th. I don't come here often but would recommend other people to try.Off-topic: There are way too many Szechuan food restaurants on Manhattan. I would love to see more Cantonese food but why are they all concentrated in Chinatown?
Was expecting to be disappointing when I saw the Yelp and Website.  Am happy to report that it lives up to it's michelin star.  Braised Pork, dandan noodles, and the scallop pancakes were especially delicious.  Ordered take-out and overall experience was very positive.Price was fairly high is the only concern.
Warning! Cafe China is highly addictive!!! My coworker brought me here for the lunch special and I was hooked. I then brought my boyfriend and he craves Cafe China's authentic spicy dishes nonstop. We brought our friends and they raved about it. Our out of town friends only want to go to one place when they visit - Cafe China. Food is authentic Chinese served family style.We have yet to find one dish we do not like.
I love it~~their dishes are cooked lighter than normal Szechuan cuisine. Delicious for sure, and healthier:) Will come here more often.
1.5 stars!  Let me preface this by saying that I have been a long time customer of Cafe China.  I used to take out almost every week and always brought friends/family to this restaurant as it was, in my opinion, the best Chinese restaurant in the city.  My friends and I went there last night.  We had reservations for 10pm.  We arrived couple minutes only to be stared down in the entrance area.  I made eye contact with the bar tender and two wait staff, nobody bothered to greet us or even acknowledge us.  Staff was literally walking around me as if I was an old precious statue from the Ming Dynasty.  I had to actually stop someone in their track and tell them we have reservations.  His answer:  "you have reservations?", as if I had just made that up in my schizophrenic head.  He then told me the hostess will come and help me.  Five minutes later, I see the hostess laughing and giggling with the bar tender.  Given that I never mind crashing a party, I walk up to the hostess (while dodging the crowd) and ask her about reservations, her response:  "oh 10pm reservation?  We're setting up the table for you".  We walk back to our table in the back where there were at least two empty tables.  Lucky for us, we were sitted at the coveted table right next to the bathroom, yay!!! I just hate this kind of careless attitude.  Am I not a customer?  Despite my blurb above, I do strive to actually be objective in my reviews bc you can give bad service but serve great food.  Alas, cafe China doesn't fit in that category.  First of all, the service at the table was lukewarm at best with our waiter literally bothering to refill water glasses to those sitting on the outside only, the rest of us was left with a flaming mouth from the insane amount of chili they put in their dishes.  Secondly, the food isn't as good as I remember.  We ordered the Dan Dan noodles (VERY good), the mapo tofu, the pickled fish stew and some cold sesame chicken I forget the name of.  The Dan Dan noodles were good as expected, but the other dishes were meh to ew.   The fish stew used to be very sour and pickle-y, yesterday it was bland.  The chicken was just weird.  What actually kills me though is they now do not accept tips.  At first glance, you're like way to go!  Waitstaff does deserve a fair pay...but then you realize they jacked up the prices by a lot (probably bc their service was atrocious and people they didn't tip well).  To be fair, they say upfront that they increased their prices 10-15%, but we believe in some instances it was more than that.  I'd rather have low prices and tip according to the service they provide me.  But since they realized they're too lazy and cannot be inconvenienced to provide good service, might as well jack up the price and get your tip money regardless.  Yesterday marked the last time I am going to Cafe China.  It's been a nice relationship, but it's one of those that I'm not even sorry I'm breaking up with you!
Best Chinese!  I came with a friend after we noticed there was always a crowd out front waiting - we see an acupuncturist upstairs. The place is clean and comfy and the service is attentive. The food is amazing! Full of flavor and fresh. We ordered the scallion pancakes which were thin and light and tasty, the pork dumplings in chili oil which were outstanding, ma po tofu which had incredible flavor and the kung pao chicken which was nothing like I've ever had. The lunch special came with a hot and sour soup option which was great! The spice level in each dish was just right. I have never been to China to say it's authentic, but we were two of four non-Asian customers which seemed a good indication of authentic fare. I like the no tipping policy.
Three words Best Place Ever!-scrumptious delectable food you can't get enough of- a nice service - never a wait - never disappointed This place may be loud but never uninvitingFood that makes you stuffed to the core but just can't stop eating because the food is fine! This place speaks for itself Come Visit ;) y
Excellent food.  Great for large groups.  The service is amazing.
Soup dumplings were a hit. Was not impressed with the chilled pesto chicken or ma po tofu as both were heavily drenched in oil. Servers were very attentive. Reasonably priced and charming atmosphere! Also, nice touch offering sticks of mint gum with the tab (our mouths were on fire!).
Real authentic Szechuan Food is here. They make use of the nature taste of the ingredients, not the condiments, to cook. Dislike other Szechuan restaurants, Tastes are not heavy. its perfect.
Absolutely exceptional, unique, spicy Chinese - every time I have been there has been top notch
Absolutely amazing, very authentic, super tasty! It is not too expensive for being a Michelin star restaurant
Ordered delivery to the office for a large group (about 8 lunch specials). Placed an order at 11:15. Called to check if the order could arrive at 12, and the guy on the phone said it might be closer to 12:30. Got a call at 11:57 saying the food had arrived. Not sure how I feel about it, but I was glad food got there because everyone was hungover and hungry.The tea smoked duck (with fried rice) was really good. They didn't skimp on duck either. The takeout container was stuffed to the top, so it was also really filling. I also had an order of the hot and sour soup. It had some kick and might be too hot for some people, but I enjoyed it.With the lunch specials, you get a choice of spring rolls or seaweed/hot and sour soup, which is a great deal considering most lunch specials are $9-13.All in all, I'd say Cafe China has become the go-to Chinese delivery spot for our office.
I had to wait so long for getting order and water.I had to stop them and asked them to get orders and bring water. I ordered hot and sour soup, and mapo tofu. Soup was really bitter from too much ginger, and mapo tofu was swimming in chili oil and was too much Sizchuan peppercorn in it, so it was bitter too. I've been here three times, and today was def the worst experience.
Delicious, spicy food. Every dish had layers of flavours... It's pretty oil and heavy but soo good! Large portion, great quality, good prices and the place has a no tipping policy.
This is one of the favorite lunch spots for me and my colleagues. We visit at least 2-3 times a month and have a consistently enjoyable experience each time! Food is fantastic, service is great and fast, prices are pretty standard for a restaurant of its type. The thing I love the most is the ambience and vibe of this restaurant although it definitely could be on the loud side. Some of my favorite items from the menu would be the scallion pancakes, braised fish with tofu, Kung pao chicken and of course the dim sum. Be prepared to wait for up to 50 minutes to get seated though!
This Michelin starred little place is a hidden gem under a deceptively cliche name Cafe China. New York City doesn't lack authentic Sichuan cooking, but authenticity combined with such consistency is difficult to find. Basked in a romantically nostalgic and modestly contemporary Shanghai style decor, Cafe China's young but well trained waiters are knowledgable, bilingual, and would lower down to meet your eye level if the conversation goes beyond a few exchanges. Menu updates frequently to reflect the seasonal and festive demands of the returning customers appetite.
Fast and friendly service and the food is very very spicy. We asked for mild and it was still very spicy. Great food nonetheless and the decor is lovely
Not sure what the hype is about.I was in the neighborhood and remembered I wanted to try Cafe China, so I stopped ordered mapo tofu to go.I was pretty shocked when I got home to find some tofu pieces sitting in a huge amount of red oil. Not oily sauce, as I expected, just oil. Then I noticed there's no meat. A key ingredient in delicious mapo tofu is ground pork....guess I missed the note about it being vegetarian cause I have never been to an authentic Chinese place which automatically removes this ingredient without request. There wasn't really any flavor to the dish besides excessive ma flavor (I normally love ma flavor and have added sichuan peppercorn to homemade hummus).I was pretty grossed out by this meal, and I couldn't finish (I am normally the one at a Sichuan meal who is piling more tofu onto his rice after everyone else has stopped eating)I will not be back.
Opened the takeout rice box and found a BIG FAT FLY right there. What can I say? They truly love me right? Then I figured out they DO NOT even have a food grading, not even a pending notice anywhere. Haven't seen any fly this year yet but they successfully found at least one and cooked it! How amazing! Who ever wants to eat again?
Fantastic food and service. I am a great fan of sichuan food and this delivers. All the dishes we had were magnificent. We had steamed and baked fish, cumin lamb, wanton in chili sauce, kung fu shrimp and three pepper chicken- all were great. It's usually a bit wait to get a table but its worth it. Must TRY!!!
Great little find in Midtown. Has a much hipper feel than the surrounding area. The spicy cumin lamb was fragrant and delicious. Definitely spicy but not overwhelming heat. Also fabulous are the pork dumplings in chili oil. They do pack a spicy punch. The service was good, with a young and friendly staff. Thursday through Saturday they get packed by 7:30 so a reservation is advisable. You can eat at the bar but it is small... Seats for perhaps 5 people. Excellent place for offbeat Szewan cuisine in casual setting.
Went with a Chinese friend. He picked this as the best high end Chinese restaurant in town. The food is authentic and awesome. I am knocking off a star for the service. Do not miss duck fried rice and pork dumpling in chill sauce.
we had an hour wait for 5 people for saturday dinner and it was slightly over that, so do make reservations if you can. during that hour we planned what we were going to order and as things started coming out we realized the dishes were rather small. we had tea smoked duck - a bit on the salty side but decent. jelly fish in pesto - amazing, loved it prepared this way. twice cooked pork - a bit spicy but again tasty. husband and wife special - extremely small for the price almost like tapas, and a bit on the spicy end. snow pea tips with garlic, tasty. steamed whole tilapia - nicely seasoned and prepared. 2 orders of xiao lung bao but that was a huge disappointment. beef with butternut squash - this was a let down as the yelp pics made it look more tasty than it was. it was almost like a meatloaf over butternut squash and both were slightly spicy. also had pork belly with preserved vegetables which we had better elsewhere. we ordered family style so they brought us a complimentary bowl of rice for the table. overall the feel is very old school shanghai and the food is decently prepared. some hits and misses and the no tipping policy is interesting, although the dishes were small so it's been built into the prices.
First restaurant I have been this summer in New York.Very good, pretty spicy, casual cool ambience. Next time, if in the area, will try other dishes as the menu looked all interesting.
Sichuan cuisine is my specialty. By that I mean tasting. I have had authentic Sichuan dishes in Chengdu and I must admit the ones you get at Cafe China is as good as it gets without being boring. For example, the wonton in hot oil is expectedly sweet, in a good way. This bit of innovation on the chef's part is totally appreciated. One of the main dish, 3 pepper chicken, is cooked to perfection. I was not crazy about the beef dish we ordered but it was above average. The ambiance is pretty good for a restaurant in that price range. I really liked their sound track, good indie stuff. The decor is also retro. The service is average and I wasn't impressed by their whiskey sour. Removed one yelp star for reason stated above but this is probably made up by the fact that Cafe China already have one Michelin star.I plan to try La Vie en Sichuan, which I heard is on par with Cafe China. Stay tuned for the winner.
I've had the spicy diced rabbit as the cold dish. The name sounds horrifying but It's really worth trying. You won't feel like you are eating rabbit at all. For main dishes I ordered a steamed spicy coated beef and a steamed squash with ginger and scallion. A little heads up-- there is squash in the steamed spicy coated beef so order another squash dish is unnecessary. That was a mistake that I made and the waiter did not kindly point out. The style of the restaurant is 80a modern Shanghai style. So it's very classic and vintage . A very good date choices however for weekends night it always gets crowded and noisy. So make a reservation at the booth.
Vegetarians & Vegans: Avoid this place like the plague.  I ordered the Mapo Tofu and was assured they would make it vegetarian only to discovery pieces of minced pork in the dish when it arrived.  Additionally, the Mapo Tofu sauce was saltier than sea water and had probably zero actual chilies in it.  The fact that the sauce was red (given there were no chilies) would indicate a massive dose of food dye.  In short, the food at this place is awful.
Ordered delivery- The wonton soup was 8$ so we expected a decent soup, received the soggy-est wontons in a standard 2-3$ container.
I had some Dim Sum here - excellent food. I picked it up, but the restaurant looked like it had a very nice ambiance, too. Delicious.
Good food, did not disappoint Had steam pork dumplings in chili oilWas really good really fresh.Also had fried rice with smoke tea duckI want to go back to try something different
Café China is, hands down, the best Chinese food I've ever had. From Kung Fu Shrimp, crisp and spicy, savory snow pea shoots and garlic, sweet and subtle Japanese butter squash with ginger, stir fried assorted mushrooms with tofu added, finished with green tea and ginger mochi.  And while the old adage goes, after eating Chinese food you're hungry an hour later, with Café China, an hour later I felt like I had eaten at a health food restaurant, that's how fresh and well-prepared it was!  Terrific!
Worth a try...food was okay but was very oily. The decor is a bit trendy and the price is a bit high for a chinese place. Not sure why this place has a michelin to be honest. Not impressive.
OMG fish blossom is to die for. You must try. Everything is truly amazing. The scallion pancakes are also good. The three pepper chicken is very very spicy so be warned.
The restaurant has a really nice ambiance,  interesting choice of clothing by the staffs, could easily misplaced staff with  customer by their clothing....The lunch special was great. We had l8 sautéed string bean $9, 1lb double cooked pork $11 and braised fish in red soup $25.Portion wasn't big, but I'm happy with the price and taste.Will definitely visit again for lunch....
Believe all the reviews, this is THE place for authentic Szechuan food!  The place is not so fancy but the service is! Top notch! Would definitely go back!
So I don't get why this place got a Michelin...Got:Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) - eh...as a Shanghainese person, this was terrible -- size was TINY, you get 6 of them, and something is off; Also the sauce provided is wrong (mainly black vinegar, which is more suited for dumplings)Tea Smoked Duck (not crispy enough, not much flavoring, I don't know what the weird bean? sauce on the side was, and it wasn't that smoked) -- As I said with my previous duck experience, I make better duck myself (maybe I should just open up my own shop LOL)Three Pepper Chicken - this was actually good because it was spicy and crunchy :) - not too spicy to the point that I don't taste the nice flavors, but pretty good.Not re-visiting (I think I will be avoiding Chinese food in NYC for awhile, unless someone knows of a REALLY good and REALLY authentic one)
This is another solid midtown Szechuan spot, serving up authentic spiciness.The kung pao chicken was excellent, served with some hot chilies and numbing chinese peppercorns. While the dish was milder than I would have liked, I really appreciated the details with this dish.I've also tried the ma po tofu, which was disappointing. It lacked the Chinese peppercorns which really make this dish authentic.My friends have been getting the three pepper chicken, and it seems like there's a lot of inconsistency with the quality. That said, cafe china's three pepper chicken can be really really good, possibly the best in midtown, but the same dish can look completely different.Although I've only had take out from cafe china, the ambiance inside is actually a lot nicer than some of the other sit down Chinese restaurants, and I would definitely come back for dinner or a sit down meal.
Went for lunch today, heard this restaurant got one Michelin star. Food was ok, had very similar taste as regular Sichuan restaurant in CA (since I travelled from CA). Service was like nothing more than a regular Chinese restaurant. I would gave this restaurant 3.5 max. However, we found a small roach in the steam spice beef dish. It was very disgusting to find out a roach after you almost finish the dish. Right away we ask the server to take a look, she did not apologize right away instead she asked another server to come. Long story short, they did take the dish off the check but that was it. (I should've taken a photo of it, by it was very disgusting to look at it) I wouldn't say a word on Yelp except this is a Michelin rated restaurant. I would not expect this to happen in a restaurant with a Michelin star. This is such a disappointment for me and ruined all the respect I have to Michelin rating. Don't think I will ever come back again.
Best Chinese I've had in the city, pretty much. I can only remember one other time I had Chinese this good and I don't even remember where. Place is always packed. Three pepper chicken, phenomenal.
Took my coworkers here for our quarterly lunch gathering since they seem to have great lunch menu items with authentic and Americanized flavors.The ambiance is quite nice, a few oriental decor but not overdone.  It reminds me of shanghai a bit so I think they've accomplished their objective in that department.  They will also accommodate large party reservations which is convenient.  We ordered the Xiao long bao to share and although they aren't joe shanghai's, they were quite good and interesting but not daring for my colleagues.The food is just so so for me - I got the mapotofu which I found too greasy.  It is packed with the Szechuan pepper taste but lacked other flavor.  My colleagues seem to enjoy their dishes - it is on the larger side so most of us took them to go.For the ambiance and the convenience (ie advance reservation) they maybe a good option but if you are looking for authentic Chinese food, this won't be my first suggestion.Good
We were looking for a place order take out and stumbled across Cafe China. It ended up being amazing! We tried the sweet and sour ribs which were amazing and so tasty, and the Dan Dan noodles which were amazing. However, everyone raves about the Mapo Tofu. We ordered it but asked for chicken instead of tofu (over the phone) and they said no problem. The dish ended up coming but it was NOT chicken, it was the tofu, and it was no good at all. It tasted like it was pieces of a tofu dipped in oil with almost no flavor at all. The Mapo is significantly better at other places.
I think that I am just not a big Szechuan fan, so this isn't my kinda thing. But I hear they have a Micheln star, and was dying to know if they can hold up to Blue Hill (which is heaven on earth to me), Babbo (which I adore), Aureole (I mean, Aureole!), and the others. Plus they are the only restaurant in NYC sporting a coveted star that offers delivery.Wait a minute...Michelin star takeout!The pork dumplings in chili oil are luscious. Impossibly thin wrappers hold their pork stuffing oh so fragilely. Flavor explosion in your mouth. I was worried the chili oil would make them greasy, but they are not. I would place them right up there on my top ten dumplings in NY list. The Mapo tofu was greasy. It was tasty for sure, but left me queasy. I think I just prefer my own home cooked version. The ingredients taste fresh, and seem to be better quality than any other Chinese takeout or delivery I have ever had. Throw out all your other Chinese menus. I think it is somewhat pricey. The best bet seems to be the lunch specials, which are reasonable. I is definitely the cheapest Michelin star this gal has ever had at $19 (with tax and tip). And I didn't have to get all dolled up. I saw pictures on yelp and on their website of their restaurant and it is adorable.  LUV the antique, vintage feeling. I would love to hang out here and sip some cocktails and nibble some dumplings. Ordering was easy, right on their website. Delivered in half hour. They even delivered 3/4 mile away! The food was still warm and the rice tasted like they just finished making it. Michelin star? Forgettaboutit.
I am from Chengdu and this place is semi-professional in making my hometown's food at best. We ordered fish with pickled green, spicy chicken, pea shoots stir fry, mushroom with beef and steamed beef. All are alright, but I feel none are as outstanding as its fame. The decor and the service are pretty good. But I would also hope for better food.
I recently had dinner here, after hearing about this place from various media platforms. This place was featured on Unique Eats, reviewed in the New York Times, and reviewed in Serious Eats. It has even received a Michelin star, though it's not crazy expensive nor is it luxuriously decked out. The food sure is delicious though, and the service isn't bad. We ordered: Mapo Tofu:This dish was the most disappointing of the night. It had that characteristic mouth tingling spicy sauce, but I would have liked it better if it had a bit more white pepper. Also the sauce was a bit too thick for my liking. I liked how the tofu was a bit firmer though. It made it much easier to pick up with chopsticks. Kung Pao Chicken:The kung pao chicken was delicious. I was really surprised, because most versions I've had have been a little bland with dry chicken. This chicken was tender perfection. I think they used roasted hazelnuts in addition to roasted peanuts, adding a nice crunch. The sauce was perfectly sweet and sour.Sauteed String BeansThe sauteed string beans were great too. Not much else to say here. Spicy Cumin LambThe lamb was tender with just enough fat, but not too much to make you cringe. I actually hate my meat fatty, but this lamb was so good. I'm also a huge fan of cumin, which this dish had plenty of. Slightly spicy, but more of that cooling tingly mouth spiciness. One of my favorites of the night.Pork Dumplings in Chili OilYes, they were sweet. But they were amazing. The chili oil had so much flavor, and its saltiness balanced out the sweetness of the pork filling. Get these! Baby Ribs in Bamboo LeavesSoft tender cooked, but bland. Don't bother with this dish.
After reading about Cafe China on another food website and seeing a poster wax poetic about the Ma Po Tofu, we just had to give it a try!We got there on a Monday night around 7 p.m. and the place was doing a decent business.  When it was time to order, we discovered that they are so new (only opened a month ago as of this writing) that they don't have their liquor license yet.  So...we ordered a pot of jasmine tea.I must admit that I ordered the Ma Po Tofu with some trepidation.  After all, it had 3 peppers beside the listing on the menu.  Would it be so hot that all you can taste is the heat?  So hot that I would be guzzling water all throughout the meal?  Well...my tongue did get numb but yet...the heat of the dish didn't overpower the other flavors and no water guzzling was necessary.  The pork was finely ground, the tofu was firm and we were pleasantly surprised to clearly taste the Sichuan peppercorns with every bite.  This was the best Ma Po Tofu we ever had!We also ordered steamed vegetable dumplings to start.  The dough was on the chewy side and the filling contained an assortment of vegetables that were mild.In addition, we ordered Kung Pao Chicken.  This, too, was a tasty dish.  It had a bit of heat but yet was also sweet with a generous serving of peanuts.The service was excellent.  All in all, an excellent meal.  Since they're new, I truly hope they are around for quite some time  because we would return on a future visit!
I grew up eating chinese food almost everyday but have rarely eaten any since i moved to new york a few years ago. Im so glad i found this restaurant that i now plan to dine at often, because its just as good (if not, better) than what i grew up eating. Not only do they have a great variety of dishes, but everything i ordered was delicious. My man (who's not asian) said that hes never had chinese food anything like this. I was surprised that this place has a michelin star because its a bit unassuming and the atmosphere isnt that of a fine dining establishment, but its definitely the best chinese food ive had in years. So glad i found this place!
Every dishes are amazing and the price is reasonable. They allowed reservations for party more than 4 person, it's better to make a reservation since the restaurant is always crowded.
Bok Choy was good.  Not really sure if the chicken in the Kung Pao was actually chicken... texture was very off!  Spring rolls were just hard fried grease packs.  Unfavorable experience.
The food here is fantastic! It was packed when we went. Making a reservation definitely makes it easier. We ordered cold chicken in chili sauce, boiled fish, eggplants and a couple of other dishes. Everything was delicious!
I went back to Cafe China yesterday, the first time in about a year. For $60 including tax and tip me and a friend got some of the best Chinese food we've ever had (well, him, I've been here a few times before so....). Their soup dumplings were great (though not a standout), their pork ribs were really tasty (though again, not a stand out),their dan dan noodles were less flavorful than I love but still very good (I'm a sucker for Han Dynasty's in Philly (not NY which is verifiably worse)), but their spicy pork dumplings were in a chili sauce to die for and their chili crispy chicken dish was amazing. I would order that again, eat it cold the next day (it was still crispy the next morning and not oily, a testament to the skills of their chefs and the quality of their ingredients), and be exceptionally happy. The service was also impeccable, and like other high end restaurants in the city, have moved away from a tipping model and include the tip in the bill. TL;DR: Amazing Chinese food and the best Michelin starred meal you can get under $20.
Food is decent, albeit not exactly authentic (but not obviously Americanized). Flavors are sufficient, spice is a little mild but nuanced. Is it a Michelin 1-star restaurant? I'm not so certain. It is, however, a solid option to satisfy a craving. That said, I suspect they use msg even though the lady who answered the phone said they "generally don't" (after a pause). Oh well. I'd appreciate the candor, personally.
Absolute amazing! It's a Michelin 1 star restaurant but it's not expensive at all. The food is simply incredible. It's better than most of restaurants in China. I'm already a regular to this restaurant.
I was told that this place has one michelin star, so decided to try out. For a Sichuan restaurant, Mapo Tofu and Kung Pao chicken are two staple dishes that it MUST master. However, neither dish at Cafe China meets the Sichuan standard. Kung Pao chicken was sweet. Really? Sweet? "Mapo Tofu" simply tasted weird -- just Tofu covered in some red sauce that does not taste like Douban Jiang back in China. It is not Mapo Tofu in any way. The restaurant does have a good decoration (1920s Shanghai), but the music played was American pop music, such as Like a G6. Instantly killed all the ambiance that the decoration strives to create. Will not return.
I can't speak to the authenticity of the food. I've never been to China. But I can say that it is absolutely DELICIOUS! The depth of flavor leaves me speechless almost every time I try a new dish... which isn't often, because I have my stand-by orders and it's really hard to get me to order anything else.Dumplings in chili oil are amazing. I always keep the bowl so I can drizzle the leftover oil on the rice that comes with the main dish.Pork belly with smoked tofu is also incredible. Great for people who avoid spice. Extremely flavorful.The three pepper chicken is beyond one-of-a-kind! Extremely spicy, it comes with more peppers than you've ever seen in one dish. Definitely more than three.I bring anyone who visits me from out of town here and they always love it. Enjoy!
Walked in and instantly excited to try the food - great aromas and everything on the tables looked amazing. I think we did two things wrong: ordered duck, ordered pork. Neither were very good. Maybe because we were near closing time; both dishes arrived at our table within ~8 mins, never a good sign.
I was looking forward to visit Cafe China given all the hype, but ultimately was let down.The dishes were  definitely not authentic. The meat quality of their spicy boiling fish was poor, and the portion was meager; the rabbit appetizer tasted so mediocre that we all agree the rabbit tasted just like chicken. The environment and decor of restaurant were unimpressive. I wouldn't go back.
My must-go Chinese restaurant in town. It is decorated like Shanghai style, but the food is spicy Sichuan style. All dish are delicious, including steamed whole fish, smoked beef, soy source eggplant, pork ribs, lamb, and vegetables. It is easy to get seated with a group of two. You may have to wait with a large group.
We came here as this is Michelin one star, the food was great, yet not remarkable. The spicy fish tasted a little bit weird, everything else was fine. This is actually my second time coming here and my first time was a great experience. My suggestion was to stick with whatever is already on the suggestion list to garuantee the standard.
It was a great dining experience! Probably the best and most authentic Chinese food I've had so far in NYC -- no wonder it's a Michelin 1 star! I see previous reviews complaining about the amount of oil in their food, but IMO, legit and proper Szechuan food IS oily because they use a lot of chili oil for flavoring. All I have to say is that they make honest Szechuan food.The pricing may seem a bit steep for Chinese food considering the cheap prices offered in Chinatown, but the whole place seems so much cleaner and actually offers some aesthetic compliments opposed to usual Chinese food places (one of the waiters was also really cute). Will be coming back!
Came for dinner on a Saturday night and it seemed to go down hill from when I came a year ago. FOOD: This time, it was mediocre overall. Last time I was here,  I remember the dishes to be very authentic and flavorful, but perhaps it was a difference in what I ordered (spicy baked fish - still one of the best things I can remember eating, but had to pass on it this visit).-Scallion pancake - Delicious. But really, I've never had bad scallion pancakes before.-Three pepper chicken - Very strong "ma" (numbing) flavoring. Definitely has a kick to it but it's not too spicy despite all the peppers in this dish. However, I think Lan Sheng does this dish much better. -Spicy Cumin Lamb - Very salty, especially paired with the three pepper chicken. I didn't expect this dish to be slightly fried, as it usually isn't at most Sichuan restaurants. It was so salty that we unfortunately had to send a dish back (something I've never done before).  -Mapo Tofu - We got this in place of the spicy cumin lamb. Probably one of the better dishes we ordered, but I've had it done better from other places. This comes soaked in a lot of oil, but it is very flavorful. PRICE: Very expensive for a Chinese restaurant, but very cheap for Michelin star. While we considered getting a vegetable dish, they were unreasonably priced for what the dishes were. Cocktails are pretty overpriced and small as well - wine list is much more reasonable.  ATMOSPHERE: Very crowded up front. A bit more upscale that your typical Chinese restaurant, but don't be expecting any decor similar to other Michelin restaurants.  SERVICE: Mixed. Some of the staff seemed very scatterbrained and inattentive, while others were very courteous. They did handle us sending a dish back very well, so we really appreciated that.Unfortunately, this last visit did not leave me wanting more. Although it made the Michelin cut, unlike Lan Sheng, I think I'd still prefer going to Lan Sheng over Cafe China from now on.
This place is so good. I came on Christmas, by myself, and found a lively place decorated with (faux?) vintage Chinese posters and trinkets. Service was fast, but not rushed. Good things to eat: mapo tofu, ginger cucumbers, bitter melon (well, IF you like bitter melon), pumpkin and red bean donut balls and potato pancakes.
Nothing screams unauthentic Chinese food more than being named "Cafe China." Yet at the same time, nothing screams authenticity more than having a bunch of fobby Chinese grad students sitting outside your restaurant. I first heard about this restaurant since it's on Seamlessweb for Midtown West workplaces. My first impression was to completely ignore it because with a ridiculously westernized name called Cafe China (other names that come to mind are anything with the words  Pearl, Dragon, Dynasty, Jade, etc.), it was sure to be unauthentic. However, my trusted friend said it was actually very good Sichuan, so I had to give it a try.I've come here for multiple sit down meals, and this Michelin Star restaurant (!) does not disappoint. The ambiance is very much China in the early 20th century in terms of the paintings along the walls, the decorations and linens, and the serving ware - it reminds me of the Shanghai Triad period (maybe that's why it's called Cafe China - it's authentically Chinese during the early 1900s when they were trying to Westernize). Anyway, the food here is pretty good and bursting with flavor. Their fish dishes especially stand out, tossed and marinated with plenty of red, spicy goodness. Other dishes are awesome as well, as they employ the whole selection of authentic Sichuan spices, coating everything in deliciously numbing flavors while not masking the tender, umami sensations of the meats.Definitely will be coming again. This place and Lan Sheng are close to each other location-wise, have similar clientele and appeal, and are both Michelin Star Sichuan restaurants. However, Cafe China is MUCH better!
Great Chinese food, prompt service, awesome over all. I had the slow roasted pork belly over greens, Chinese broccoli, pork pot stickers and it was always amazing. Drinks were priced well for NYC. Definitely will return.
I come here for lunch often with my coworkers as it's near our office, and also order online here even more often since they are, to my knowledge, the only Michelin-star restaurant on Seamless. The cuisine is a Sichuan regional, and generally pretty authentic (although I will say that the flavours are slightly adjusted to serve a more Western/less Sichuan audience). Very good atmosphere in the restaurant, they definitely live up to their promise of bringing back the opulent golden era of Shanghai in their dining room - I even see some posters/advertisements that were in textbooks about the time. Among my favourites there are the spicy cumin lamb and three pepper chicken - the three pepper chicken has more peppers than chicken in it so be prepared for a pretty big kick. The dan dan noodles are also a good choice, as are the pumpkin donut balls for dessert -- those are probably my favourite to be entirely honest :)Worth checking out, I'd recommend dining in as it preserves the freshness and aroma of the food (which is big in Chinese cuisine). The dining room itself is worth checking out too.
Maybe I'm spoiled, maybe my taste buds are not working, whatever the reason is, this place embarrassed me in front of my friend. My friend never had Szechuan food so I decided to bring him here after raving about how good Szechuan food was. I haven't been to Cafe China before, but I thought it would be just as good as other Szechuan restaurants I've been to, but I was so wrong. We ordered the Mapo Tofu, Chunking Braised Fish Filet in Red Sauce, Beef Tendon, Bok Choy, and the Tea Smoked Duck--everything that people reviewed to be good. None of the dishes were we satisfied with. The mapo tofu and the braised fish were missing something. It wasn't 100% all there if that makes sense. There was no distinct punch of flavor that I was expecting. The spice in the beef tendon reminded me of pumpkin pie. Not sure if I liked that or not. The bok choy was bland and the duck was just whatever. Nothing special and not worth trying again. Not a single dish could I say for sure that I liked. I'm disappointed that the meal turned out this way after waiting an hour to be seated. Spending $80 here was a total waste. I'm not going back.
The Five Sliced Beef tasted sooooooooo good！！I also got Dan Dan Noodles and Steamed Fish Fillet. All are perfect and the price is quite reasonble. Can I give ten stars to this store? And they delivered so fast！
Looking for a special place to celebrate the engagement of close friends, we stumbled across Cafe China in a list of NYC's Michelin starred restaurants. Expecting a great experience, we left very happy with the food and service. Here's a review of what we ate: Apps Scallion Pancakes - This staple of Chinese menus was fried perfectly and was very light with great fresh flavors. Definitely a must order. Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil - Great pork dumplings in a spicy chili oil which grows in flavor and loses heat with each taste. Very, very good, but spicy, so those with delicate palates should stay clear. Soup Dumplings - Another favorite traditional dumpling and these were the best I've ever had. The meat inside the dumpling was delicious and the dipping sauce was amazing. Before these, I would say that the dumplings from Joe's Shanghai were the best but now I guess I have to do a soup dumpling showdown! EntreesSautéed Chicken - Lightly seasoned chicken sautéed with vegetables. Tasty, not spicy. Not bad but nothing special either. Fish in White Sauce - Great dish! The fish was tenderly cooked and sautéed with bok choy. Delicious! Lamb with Cumin - My favorite. Lamb was excellently prepared. Seasoned with cumin and chili, it was quite spicy but very tasty.Rabbit - On point flavor wise, but we didn't notice it was a cold dish and the temperature threw everybody at the table for a loop. Wouldn't order again. Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck - Definitely the table's favorite. The flavor of the tea was infused into the duck creating a very subtle and unique flavor. Highly recommended! Service was good and the ambience was very nice. Great cocktails and fairly priced, we will definitely be returning in the future.
I thought this was a great Sichuan place. I especially like the space. Its well decorated and comfortable especially if you get a booth area. Some of the best things were the tea smoked duck, the string beans were cooked as they should be but I actually really liked the meat ball soup and the spicy dumplings. All in all a good place.
Food is authentic and tasty, and really good Chinese places (as opposed to cheap take-out/delivery places) are somewhat hard to find outside of Flushing and Chinatown. The menu items are a tad bit pricey but it's justified for the quality of food, level of service, and the high demand.
This place is so awesome. It is old shanghai fashion decoration. Feel so relax and comfortable siting inside.
It's hard to find good sichuan food in manhattan. But good sichuan food plus nice ambiance is even harder. Prices are fair and portions are generous. My favorite is cumin lamb.P.S. don't order it for takeout. Apparently soggy sichuan food is not good. Go figure.
Really like this place.  Feels like walking into a 1940's movie set for a Hong Kong restaurant.  Food was excellent and quite reasonably priced
I like cafe china very much. The dishes are yummy! I would highly recommend everyone to try this restaurant. Especially when you go shopping at the Fifth Avenue. Cafe China is very close to the shopping area.
We ordered five dishes and the cooking was alright. Not the best Northern chinese food I have ever had, and not the worst. What surprised me is that we found a 1 cm long worm floating in the soup of the sweet ball dessert at this micheline starred restaurant. And they refunded the cost of the dessert. Really??????
Decent Chinese restaurant, authentic, elegant, price is not high. Fish is really good. Worth the Michelin star
With so many good restaurants in NYC, I barely visit a place twice. But Cafe China is definitely the one worth multiple visits! It is quite crowded today, but the dish Kung Pao chicken is VERY AUTHENTIC, not like most American Chinese dishes.
Ordered the soup buns, tea smoked duck, and red chunking braised fish, and all dishes were below my expectation. The servers were not very attentive. Just because no tipping was emphasized, that doesn't mean service should be mediocre.
I set my expectation too high since it is one star Michelin. But I guess the food critics could be all American since it is not very automatically Sichuan style and there are a bunch of other Sichuan restaurants in NYC have similar if not better taste. It is not spicy enough and the portion is not great. But I love the decorations which are old Shanghai style. And tho this place does not need tip, the service is  really good.
Great Szechuan!  The food was delicious.  Service very good.  Make sure you reserve in advance as it gets booked quickly.
We were treated to lunch by our son's boss. This is his favorite place and in fact had dinner there the night before. We shared plates, and everything was incredible. First time I've liked/enjoyed Hot Sour soup. Will go back next time in town.
Updated review.  I went back with a smaller group on a less busy night and got seated right away at one of the booths. Service was much better this time.I love this place because I can eat tons of chinese food and not feel terrible the next day. You can really tell they use quality ingredients here.My favorites are:Dan Dan noodlesSoup dumplingsKung Pao chickenThey have some nice cocktails too. I haven't tried any of the dishes with 3 chili peppers because I can't handle that much heat, but the layers of flavors in the dishes I tried was incredible.If you don't mind spending a little more on chinese food and appreciate quality ingredients, I'd definitely recommend a visit. Best to come in a small group only.
Loved the vibe, unique vintage pieces of furniture and furnishings coupled with the low lighting made for a real relaxing and "chilled out" setting.The food was very good, next time I'm going to try something outside the "usual" chinese american fare. The pork dumplings in chili oil were amazing, as was the cold cucumber salad.
Pros:- Food tastes good. Strikes that delicate balance between being authentic yet also palatable for non-Chinese people (customers were 85% non-Chinese).  We had the mouth-watering chicken, mapo tofu, and ribs with sticky rice in bamboo leaves, all of which were solid- Non-Chinese friendly- Decent ambiance (Michelin-worthy though? You be the judge)Cons: - These guys must have bribed the Michelin officials because not only is the service most definitely not Michelin quality, it's subpar even among similar Chinese restaurants in Manhattan.List of grievances:- Hostess had a small mixup and gave our table to people behind us. Which happens and is ok except she was not at all apologetic and pretty defensive/impatient about it.- Long line of people waiting while some who paid already just sat and took their sweet time. I believe a very gentle and polite reminder to them from waiters/hostess is common curtesy in NYC.  We pointed this out and hostess proceeded to do exactly nothing.- 15 minute wait for every little thing, fork, rice, check. Sense of daze/general confusion from waitstaff.  Seems to be in desperate need of a manager.- I picked up the check to find myself holding a piece of CHEWED gum stuck to it.  Ew. Staff looked confused + maybe slightly bemused when we pointed it out. Not even a hint of an apology. Wow.  All in all not worth the endless wait/horrible service. Much better options around for Szechuan. At least (also michelin-starred) Lan Sheng has zero wait.
best Chinese in the area for lunch! Must try other main dishes, the chef is well versed in szechuan cooking. Be prepared to wait inline get there early.
So happy we found this place even though we've stayed in midtown east for some time now. Also got a Michelin star which was cool, great authentic and tasty this will be our new go to for Chinese.
the worst restaurant ever! I wish could give negative stars. I ordered delivery from this restaurant. It took almost 2 hours for delivery. I called the restaurant. The girl on the phone doesn't have any manner and even blame me. I've never seen a waitress so rude before. Normally I respect all waitress, but I highly suggest the restaurant should fire this girl. Also, when my delivery arrive, there is no rice, and I called the restaurant again, they say the rice will take long time to deliver. I mean, when the rice arrive, all my dishes are already cold. If the restaurant is busy, they shouldn't take that much order and should notice the customer at first about the delivery time. I didn't know that order a delivery could make me that mad. I'd rather starve than going to this restaurant.
I've been to Cafe China for many times since it opened. It is one of my most favorite Chinese restaurants in New York because the taste is very authentic. Their Mapo Tofu (the dish itself is very popular but not easy to cook. It's hard to get the flavor right) is unbelievably amazing, sometimes it is even better than the ones that I had in China. Three Pepper Chicken is also a must have and extremely popular.I recently encountered an issue with them, but it turned out that it is not their fault. The way they handled the problem is very nice, and it shows that they really care about their customers and the business.
Not very impressive with the double cooked pork and appetiZers. Portions were tiny and it was more a bar scene than restaurant.
Cafe China is a surprisingly hip and ambitious new eatery in Midtown. Lori L found the spot and Tiffany T was down for the adventure. To be honest, I was expecting one of those older, classed up Chinese places you find on the UES and UWS, like Shun Lee. Billed as an escape into 1930s Shanghai, the place fills its menu with spicier fare you're more likely to find in Szechuan province.You will find Shanghai dishes on the menu--notably soup dumplings (xiaolongbao), which were not bad...pretty tight and compact compared to ones I've had before. We also had the dandan noodles to start--quite tasty. For entrees, we did three pepper chicken, one of their spicier dishes, and ma po tofu, which was one of the better ones I've had. But again--all Szechuan dishes! I guess Shanghai puts twists on the foods of other provinces, so perhaps this is not out of character for a Shanghainese restaurant.The dining room shows signs of the romantic/mysterious spirit of old Shanghai, but something about it feels a bit unfinished. You will be surrounded by tons of Chinese people and sundry Asian hipsters, so that's interesting.Finally, I couldn't forgive myself if I didn't comment on the beer selection. $7 Tsingtao? Say what? The 3-beer list, which ranges from terrible (Tsingtao) to OK (Brooklyn Lager), is out of step with the élan of their food menu. Either do all Chinese beers (and smuggle in something from an upstart craft brewer), or outsource the beers to U.S. and European varieties.
Cafe China boasts a Chinese cafe in the old Shanghai feel. It is crowded with customers of Asians and Caucasians alike. The decor is charming and welcome. We came in a group of 5 and were given a tiny and cozy table. In short, the food is decent but not the most authentic. We tried several dishes. Their spicy and tingly beef tripe and marinated beef is not very spicy at all. The mouth-watering chicken dish is good but I would not consider it mouth-watering really. For entree, we had the Braised Fish in White soup so it is savory and non-spicy. It is a great dish and good for non-spicy lovers. The Spicy Cumin Lamb is great too if you enjoy cumin spices and kick. Their Mapo Tofu is not spicy but has a good flavor. They also have this really nice Chrysanthemum tea with honey. Overall, we were satisfied with the food and service. I would probably come back to try other spicy dishes. However, their AC is not very strong. So the whole time, we were all sweating even though it was 30 degrees outside.
3.5 starsI came here for lunch with a large group. Service was organized and efficient. I ordered the fish and tofu boiled in chili oil, which came with a side of an egg roll. The fish was legitimately spicy, and I found myself reaching for water after every other bite. The egg roll was your standard Chinese American fried roll. Portions were also small.  Reading the reviews, I'm surprised this place has a Michelin star, since there's not much that distinguishes this from any other Sichuan restaurant.
We visited NYC hungry for authentic Chinese food. I found Cafe China on a google search as it was in the area in which we stayed. We beat the crowd there but noted then and throughout the evening that many of the customers were Chinese, or American Chinese as they were mostly younger people. Taking that as a good sign, we dove into the menu and ate more than we should have. It was all  really delicious. Pretty much all we could have asked for. Service was also great. Prices ok. The place filled up during our stay. Nice ambience if that interests anyone. The food is key and they delivered!
The food was top class, so was the service. The Michelin star is well deserved! We had the famous pork dumplings in chilli oil, the wanton noodles, and the fish/tofu entree plus tried the rice balls in rice wine for dessert. They were all top notch. The rice wine didn't taste great but it was my first time trying rice wine, but the dish was interesting. The ambiance is understated and elegant, while the service is professional and prompt. Definitely recommended and we will frequent this restaurant many more times to try the other offerings.
One of my favourite Chinese in town. Their Schezuan food is spicy, but not painfully so (at least not on my palate). The flavours are in fact pretty nuanced and multi layered. Had some really great fish dishes here for instance. Perfect lunch spot. Not too sure about the decor though.
The food was delicious! We got the the xiaolongbao and pork dumplings in chili oil to start. The xiaolongbao were AMAZING - better than din tai fung IMO. The soup was rich and flavorful - and the vinegar/soy sauce dip was the perfect blend of salty and sour. For the main course, we shared sauteed string beans - which could've had more of a bite to them but were mostly delicious - and the braised fish filet with tofu - spicy, lots of texture with peanuts and silky tofu. The service was great too. They were attentive with the water - which was much needed because of the spicy fish filet.
My hubby and I heard about this place before the Michelin Review came out and wanted to try it during our trip to NYC.  So, on we go to the restaurant only to find out that it was closed due to the power outage after Sandy :(  We were disappointed at first so we went to drown out sorrows the newest Iron Chef's The National by Jeffrey Zakarian.  Boo-hoo for us :) (more about that in a separate review). We decided to give it another shot on our last day in NYC and they were open :)  We had to give it a try because we were very impressed by the owners when we arrived at the restaurant the first time, they were apologetic about not being opened, and they were thrilled to see us there the following day. My hubby and I truly enjoyed out meal here.  We started with the bone-in spicy diced rabbit, a cold appetizer that surprised us both. Who would have thought that rabbit could be good cold? The rabbit was very tender and because you have to careful with the bones when you are eating it, you get to experience all of the flavors and spices in the dish.  Yummy...We then had the mouth watering chicken. The name is pretty self explanatory, but it is poached chicken with roasted chili-sesame sauce. This was another cold appetizer that was really delicious.  However, my hubby and I ended bringing some of it back home and had it the next day hot and it was better, and the sauce actually developed when heated.  Either way, it was very good. We also had the tea smoked duck that was really amazing. The duck was crispy, tender, and juicy.  The debate as to who makes the best duck in NYC will go on, but we know what the answer is...you really need to look no further. And last but not least, we had the baby black lamb with roasted vegetables and probably a secret ingredient that made this the best dish we had all weekend! It was extraordinary beyond words. The lamb was perfectly cooked and so tender it would melt in your mouth. The vegetables had just the right crunch. There is no way to improve this dish other than to deliver it to me every day at home :) I am sure this dish had something to do with their Michelin Star.Well deserved and we can't wait to go back.
Has a poetic Chinese name: 倾城, and turned out to be just fine, at least much better than Lan Sheng(草堂) to my view. Actually they are of the same level around my Chinese friends.  We had Sweet and Sour Pork Rib, Fu Qi Fei Pian, and fried loofah. I mean, the flavor was pretty authentic, at least not American Chinese style, but the quality was really just to the same as common mommy/daddies in Chinese families. 用中文说，朋友觉得糖醋排骨很不错，事实上排骨本身不是很嫩，而且醋明显放的过多了，川菜馆做这个不正宗也在情理之中吧。夫妻肺片真挺一般的，没有给人出彩的感觉。丝瓜不说了，本身就是为了吃点蔬菜，不是出彩的菜。They will have you wait at the bar if you haven't gathered all the attendants to the meal.
Fancy.  As a Chinese heritage Asian American who has seen my share of Chinatowns and sloshy buffets, the last thing I expected from this place was tasteful decor.Wallet to Taste Ratio: 4:4 - dishes were in the $10-20 range.  I spent ~$60 on a bill for two, but we over-ordered.Ambiance: Communist Decadence - a bit of paradox.  They incorporate a lot of the revolutionary China propaganda in their decor.  Very classy, warm lighting.Food: Chinese people eat here.  At a restaurant in Midtown. I consider that a win.  The Sichuan style chicken was numbingly spicy in the most satisfying way.  The pork could have used some work though - definitely too salty for my palate.Satiates the Sichuanese craving without the trek down to Canal.  I'm on-board!
Update 6/24/2016I just realized that months after this 1-star review, a manager replied with terrible reasoning.The manager stated that because there are varieties of Sichuan cuisine, so that they could claimed that their "understanding" belongs to one of the "varieties". However, they ignored that they are boundaries between different cuisines and each cuisine has its feature. If you cook a spicy and salty Sichuan wonton as a sweet Shanghai wonton, it would be problematic. Just as if a restaurant serves omelette and fried chicken, it would be impossible that it claimed itself a French restaurant or its "varieties". Unfortunately, Americans' ignorance of Chinese food in general allows places like "Cafe China" to claim that they're authentic Sichuan cuisine while it has no business with it other than the names in their menus.Admittedly, even as a local, I have difficulties to summarize the characteristics of Sichuan cuisine as a whole, but I am familiar how each famous dish is generally like. Again, by claiming "We are entitled to different vegetable and meat even they look the same," the manager tried to disguise the fact that they used cheap machine-cut meat and that they paid no attention to the quality of its food. Suanni bairou (a representative Szechuan food well-known for the thinness of the meat) and huiguorou (a food usually with casually-cut meat) can use the same kind of meat with different thickness. All is needed is some attention to the quality of food, which Cafe China really lacks.___________It's response:"Szechuan food is famous for full of flavor, not only Spicy. In Hunan, Yunnan, Anhui, even my hometown Gansu, there are a lot of cities or counties has food that is spicier. Even in Szechuan, I had had few different style of Wonton in different cities. Also, there are a lot of changes of Szechuan food in China in hundreds of years; we do not agree and choose not adapt to some of the changes. In addition, each chef has his or her own understanding of the spices and ingredients and they will add their understandings to the food they cook for sure. As one restaurant, we are sure that we are not able to provide the diversity of Szechuan Cuisine in our few-page menu. However, we are trying our best to show our understanding and our style of Szechuan food to customers. The amazing part of Chinese food is thousands of diversifications of taste by using the seven basic flavors: sour, pungent, hot, sweet, bitter, aromatic, and salty. That's why same dish in two Chinese Restaurant won't taste same. What's more, cooking Chinese Food outside of China. We are entitled to different vegetable and meat even they look the same; also different regulations and laws."____________Update: Yelp has conspired with Cafe China and removed my reviews TWICE!It is GOOD that this time, they remained a copy of a previous review in the email (which it does not do in the first time).Since this time, the reason is I did not provide sufficient details about how bad Cafe China has been (the first review contains the details have been deleted by the Yelp staff), I will explain this time:1. Meats are cut by machine not by hand. Acceptable. But how can you imagine in a 1-star restaurant, meat used in a taco is also used for beef stew? This happened in Cafe China. Exactly the same meat (size, thickness, and perhaps weight) are used in both Suanni bairou (a representative Szechuan food well-known for the thinness of the meat--of course, Cafe China again failed to meet the lowest standard) and Huiguorou (a food usually with casually-cut meat)...2. Likewise, koushuiji (a kind of spicy chicken) and Suanni bairou used the similar SAUCE.3. Eatable, but not tasty. 4. Not authentic. I have eaten Szechuan food around the world (in Szechuan, China, Korea, Indonesia, and of course America). If they taste good, I don't care whether they are authentic or not. While Cafe China is among the worst pricy restaurants I've tried, it is also the sweetest "Szechuan" food I have ever tried. BTW, Szechuan food is famous for its spicy...5. Nothing to blame about the service. Given we were automatically charged 20%, it is understandable that NO service was there...Looking forward to seeing what excuse Yelp will use next time.Previous ones:Yelp has conspired with Cafe China and removed my previous review because they "currently do not support the language in which you posted." Which language I used? Half English, explaining the terrible food quality and (a small portion) the terrible service. Half Chinese, telling those Chinese who may want to seek "authentic" Szechuan food.That review is pretty long, including more than 300-word English and about 200-word Chinese. Yelp remove it without asking me modify the review first.Really disappointed by Yelp.
Food was ok, but their service wasn't  that much ok..I think this place is good for 2ppl
The food is amazing. I haven't had Chinese food like this since I visited the countryside in China. I'm impressed they got the spices exactly right - I've never been able to find a place in America that used them, much less get the taste right. They don't water it down or slop extra oil, starch or sugar on it to appease unsophisticated palettes, this is the real deal.
One of my favorite midtown lunch spots. Not sure it merits a Michelin star, but I will say that the quality has improved over the last couple of years. I used to prefer Szechuan Gourmet, which is on the Bib Gourmand list, but my latest visit to Cafe China this past week changed my mind. A mainstay for business lunches.
Food was great. The seasoning was rather on salty side but flavors were really good. I would say prices are rather cheap. Service was very good. Nothing you expected at a Chinese restaurant in the downtown area. Waiting staff is vert attentive. Lunch set menu available from 11 am unlike what they say on the website(from 11:30)
This food was absolutely delicious. Each dish had a robust burst of flavors that truly impressed me. The quality of the food was top notch! We ordered the Braised fish with tofu (had a great spicy red sauce), and Fragrant fish with pea shoots (which had a savory soy or fish sauce). The latter was my favorite of the two but both were very very good!
This may be my favorite restaurant in the whole city. With five of us ordering and sampling all the different dishes it's like Christmas morning - tearing through one delicious taste after another.  Happiness on a plate!!!  The fragrant fish is an absolute must. I love the pork dumplings with hot chili oil too. Oh and the drinks - all so creative and delectable - quite possibly my favorite drinks in the whole city as well - they win in their own category.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staffs! Food definitely can be better - zha jiang mein's bean sauce was on point but the noodle was really over cooked, soup pork buns were too dry for me, vietnamese iced coffee was too blend but the chungking spicy chicken made it up for everything. I'd go back for that dish
The decoration is classic and authentic. Space is a bit limited though. I went here for 3times and have tried many dishes at this pace. However, I hardly found any authentic Chinese food here..... Most dishes are yummy but really do not match their name printed on the menu.
Ordered takeout and it was ready quickly! Delicious food, excellent service. The fried rice with duck is awesome! A really nice atmosphere inside too, with a nice cocktail bar up front.
well deserved Michelin 1 star. It's very rare that a Chinese restaurant can satisfy both Chinese ppl and western ppl. Dishes have the authentic taste with a nice American twist.
The food is ok not so authentic szechuan style. But it is so so salty. The service is same as any other chinese restaurants, not good. Don't think will come back.
It's pretty good. It's a nice place to relax and eat with family. We had the pork with garlic sauce which was amazing by the way! And the duck with ginger which I thought tasted okay, but my mom loved it. All In all it was good :)
Swank place. The servers were all very well disciplined and helpful. The food was in a satisfyingly medium portions, clearly well crafted and delicious as far as final product goes. The mood is very good for conversation, just loud enough for intimacy but not too loud to hamper conversation.
I was so excited to try a Michelin star restaurant with the most expensive dish going for around $25. Was also slightly weary, as I have heard that Michelin isn't necessarily always on point with their decisions about ethnic cuisine. Happy to report that cafe china did not disappoint! Highlights of my meal were the amazing sweet and sour pork ribs (not the goopy gelatinous kind of sweet and sour sauce, but instead something lighter and tangier), snow pea leaves (the best chinese veg out there imho), and the Szechuan staple, dan dan noodles (better than dan dan noodles at Chelsea's Legend I would venture to say).
I love the ambience of this place!  It has a 1930s Shanghai ambience that I have never seen anywhere else in Manhattan!  Reminds me of Wong Kar Wai's movie "In the Mood for Love"! Also, what sets them apart is their cocktail selection. The food is fairly authentic although the portions are smaller than other Szechuan restaurants.
Food: possibly close to the best Sichuan / Chengdu cuisine in Manhattan (although you need to go to Chengdu China to check out the real deal :p) 4 stars; Service: 5 stars.
Decent menu, good service. We ordered scallion pancakes, Chengdu wontons. Shrimp Dumplings and Wonton soup for a party of 4.The chengdu wontons were spicy but ther was too much oil. The scallion pancakes were made in oil that was old. Bad taste! No return trip planned !
Not very expensive, but super popular. Commonly, you need to wait about 30 minutes. We ordered ribs, spicy chicken and so on. It is okay, okay. Anyway, maybe I was absent-minded.
I have to update the review. because there is FLY in the dish the second time I ate there. When I saw it, I've already finish half of the dish...thats so disgusting!! I called the waiter to come to see this immediately, and he took the dish away (into the kitchen) and then come back within several minutes, say"sorry about that..our restaurant is actually very clean balaba..." WHAT?!  if its clean, where is fly come from??!! The I will never go there again. SO DISCUSTING.
I never understood why or how this place got a Michelin star a few years ago. This year, it got downgraded to the Michelin guide, which is much more appropriate and well-deserved. Basically, the food is great (4/5), but the service is just awful(1.5/5). First, the awful service. I won't go into the details, but basically, the whole system in the restaurant is very disorganized and rushed, and I honestly believe they do not know how to treat customers. For example, I found hair in the buk choy. We told the bartender, who told another employee, and someone else came after 5 minutes of me holding the hair and waiting to talk to someone. We asked for a new order of buk choy. After 30 minutes of waiting, we were already done with all the other dishes, and when we asked where is our buk choy, they said "ohh hmm maybe an extra 10-15 minutes?". So we asked to cancel the order. The response we got was "ohhh ok. Do you want some dessert?", with the waiter acting like nothing happened at all. Anyways, the food was pretty good. Some are a miss due to some sort of strong spice that made my tongue numb and being overly salty (Dan-dan noodles for me was the worst thing I've ever tasted), but the safe options are pretty damn good. Fried Rice with Tea Duck (Or just the Tea Duck) and Three Pepper Chicken were fantastic.I'd rather do take-out or delivery here. In my opinion, avoid dining in if possible.
It's a good sign when the place is packed on a Sunday morning with all Chinese people. Delicious spicy dumplings!
Just had this tonight, food was delivered in literally 10 minutes. The braised fish with tofu was delicious. The pork dumplings in chili oil was pretty good, but the pork was a bit too fat. Hard to mess up a Szechuan dish - hotness masks everything.
Perhaps my favorite Chinese (Szechuan) joints in the city.   It is particularly great that it is in the located in a place that is convenient to where I work.    The lunch specials here are a particularly good value as they each include a generous main dish, rice, and soup (or spring roll).    While these days, I normally order take out, I do enjoy dining in when I can, as Cafe China seems to be the rare Asian restaurant that has struck the fine balance between maintaining its culinary integrity and simultaneously offering top notch service.     Must try dishes include, the Mapo Tofu (best ever!), and definitely the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil.   Be forewarned, spicy here means SPICY.
Came here for lunch and had a pretty decent time since we were looking for something different. For drinks we ordered the chungking express (tasty with a bitter strong punch in the end) and the 2045? (With peak vodka - fragrant and pleasant). We ordered the Jellyfish in scallion pesto (yummy, a little oily on the sauce though), cold Szechuan noodles (only ok), and the Pork dumplings in chili oil (my favorite of the three, sauce was delicious but surprisingly more sweet than spicy). We also ordered the Tea smoked duck (not bad, lean, wish there was a more fragrant tea flavor), the Braised fish with tofu ( very spicy!! large entree meant for sharing. Tofu was very silky and a lot more meaty fish than tofu on the dish), and Szechuan beef noodles (also very spicy and comes in a very scary looking red soup- don't slurp the noodles unless you can handle it).Overall good meal. Pricey but inviting change from the rest of the midtown lunch spots. Authentic szechuan spot. Bring some antacids. Beware of ulcers.
Upping my review to 5 stars because I love the new no-tipping policy. It makes things so much easier and more sane. I hope all restaurants do this eventually.
It's fashion week.. so being famished is par for the course. Rumor had it that Cafe China is a sweet swank eatery where those in the know...go. So I went, lolButternut squash soup  is delish as is the Chungking Spicy Chicken. Dim Sum was enjoyed by my dining companions. Price point decentFood was tastyDecor a complete 360 from what a Chinese eatery looks like in your mind. Booth seating was comfy. Great place to food spot and people spot. *waves to Derek Lam* trendy, hip spot of the moment. live the moment...
With 2 stars, I am really trying to be polite. The ambiance, Like everyone has said before, is nice. Very hip spot and easy to get comfortable; that is, until you come to this restaurant at the dinner rush. The space was cramped, and I was practically sitting with three dinner parties (including my own) because of how close the tables were placed together. The service, left room to be desired. I was never asked if I enjoyed my food (discussed below), and the waiter came to our table a total of two times: to ask what we wanted and to give us the check. For a $20+ bill, you're going to have to do better than that.The food..... Help me. I have been to other Chinese restaurants, and enjoyed the scallion pancakes, spring rolls, and although a bit greasy, they were reasonably priced and delicious. This place...NO. The cost:taste ratio was off, and to boot I ordered duck tongues (my own fault), and they were atrocious. They tasted like nothing but vinegar and salt.Bottom line:Would I recommend? NOWould I come back? YES, for my $18What did I eat? 3/50 duck tongues and they never asked if there was a problem with my order.....awful
Odds are, you hear about Cafe China because you know that it received a coveted Michelin Star.  Perhaps you want to impress that hunny you're dating, and want to show her an upscale Michelin experience, without the cost that is usually associated with such fine dining.  Either way, you probably wouldn't stumble into Cafe China off the street as its location, as well as its outward facade are not very notable.Cafe China advertises a lunch specials menu, which was part of the appeal for this half-Jew.  A way to save a few more bucks?  Absolutely!  Unfortunately, the website does NOT clearly tell you that their lunch specials only are in effect Monday-Friday.  Meaning my group's arrival on a Saturday afternoon resulted in paying full price.We ordered:Scallion PancakesDan Dan NoodlesPork Dumplings in Chili OilMa Po TofuSautéed String BeansTotal damage: $60.Now the price isn't what we were expecting to pay (since the lunch specials run about $10 per person), but it isn't exorbitant given that this is a Michelin starred establishment.  However, for what we got, it definitely left something to be desired.  The only real highlight of the meal was the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil.  Everything else could have been prepared at a place in Chinatown for 1/3 the cost.Now I know what you're thinking... a white guy reviewing Chinese food, what does he know.  Valid point.  Except my grandmother is Chinese (I know, you can't tell) and I had some of the best Chinese food this side of Shanghai.So if you want to say that you checked off a Michelin star, then come to the Cafe China.  Especially if you can make it for their lunch special.  Otherwise, you can come over to my grandmother's house for better Chinese food.  Saturday at noon?
This place was already my favorite Chinese restaurant. But the new no tipping policy... Thank you! All restaurants should be like this. You guys are the best.
Cafe China is one of my go to midtown Chinese restaurants, as they have a very solid savory tofu with shredded pork dish. I usually also order a few other appetizers such as the baby cucumbers and the spicy beef tendon and husband and wife special. Cafe China has always been highly regarded, as it is Michelin rated. I know it is more expensive than say a Szechuan Gourmet, but you have to pay up for the Michelin star quality. However, lately, I noticed that the portions are getting smaller, especially with take out. Being that they already charge a premium for their Chinese food, I really feel the value of their food is decreasing. For a better value proposition, I sometimes take my business to Szechuan Gourmet, which is very close by and also a great authentic midtown Chinese restaurant.
It's hard to find cheap edible food in Midtown East. There is no gift of Hell's Kitchen, and unless you're going for a chain or an overpriced salad, China Cafe is a pretty big find. The Mouth Watering Chicken had a surprisingly large amount of tender, juicy chunks floating in a sea of Szechuan chili. I've had better but this one's pretty good, and the $9 I spent leaves little room for objection. And the Cold Noodles Szechuan Style are a two-snack-size steal at $6.I know Cafe China is authentic because the service was terrible. They gave me the wrong takeout order, and when I called they replied, "Have you ever had mouth watering chicken? Do you actually know what it looks like?" Then again,.this would not be the first time I suspected that wasn't chicken at a Chinese restaurant...But we don't choose gas station bathrooms for their cleanliness and we don't pick authentic Chinese restaurants for their impeccable service.
I was so excited to try this place, but was disappointed. The service was alright, but they took forever to serve our food. They assumed that we wanted to finish our appetizers before getting our main dish, so our main dish took forever to come out. All the dish were very salty and needed extra rice to neutralize it. I also drank so much water. The roasted duck was really hard to eat - there's so much bone and I could barely get the meat. The dan dan noodles were so salty I felt like I put a spoonful of salt into my mouth. Generally, the dish was all very stimulating and hurt my mouth after. The mapo tofu was very sour. I wouldn't go back. I was very disappointed.
Exceptionally poor service. Had to request water refills. Also, we ordered ice cream for dessert and it was partially melted. As in, there was a liquid pool of melted ice cream that filled up half the bowl. Understandably, we didn't want it anymore and asked the manager for another one. He just looked at us and, with attitude, said that's because people open and close the refrigerator too much, and the air is too warm so it's melting all the ice cream. Then he walked away. WTF?1. If the air is warmer than it should be, isn't that a *SAFETY CONCERN* for all the food you keep in there? This really makes me question the safety of the food that you serve..2. If you have a problem with your product, you should say it is not unavailable. Don't just serve some sub-par shit.3. If a customer is not satisfied, you don't just shrug it off. You either offer a new dessert or take it away. You don't just expect them to deal with it...We still had to pay for it too..-----The food itself was decently good. The jellyfish appetizer was a bit lacking in taste. I forget the other appetizer we had. The cumin lamb was tender and quite spicy in a good way. The double cooked pork was tender as well.I have no problems with the food. It's just that there are places that offer similar if not better quality of food with much better service.
I dine in/order from Cafe China once a week.  It is consistently good Chinese. Recommendations -- scallion pancake, spicy beef with green chili, chungking spicy chicken, sautéed string beans, bok choi, snow pea shoot with garlic, jasmine tea. Good cocktails too. Supercool vintage Shanghai decor.
The dumplings in chili sauce are absolutely delicious, I'm a big fan, and their chongqing chicken is very tasty as well. The ma po to fu was very disappointing - too oily and no flavor except for mouth-numbing spice. I'll be coming back to try some of their other appetizers and order the dumplings again.
Don't let the Parisian decor nor the ubiquitous name fool you: Cafe China could very well be one of the best Szechuan restaurants in Manhattan. Spicy dishes, like their mapo tofu and 3-spice chicken, are unapologetically spicy but delicious all the same, while the tea-smoked duck has a nice, subtle flavor to it.
This place's service staff is extremely rude and the food was really bad. Their chicken and lamb dishes were inedible - more chili peppers than meat. And this was based on the recommendation of the waitress. Our group had 2 Korean and 3 Chinese, all well familiar with eating Chinese from different regions. And this was just awful - to top it off, the prices were much higher than any other Chinese restaurant in nyc. When we commented on the inedible quality of the dishes, the waiter just said it was one of their top selling dishes, and had a "tough luck" smirk. Did this place really get a Michelin star? Pretty much the worst eating experience I had in my life. And this coming from Asian Americans.
One of the best Chinese restaurants in the city! I went back over the weekend and was reminded why this place is one of my favs. The atmosphere is cozy but chic and the food is delicious. I would recommend the Kung Pao chicken along with the green onion pancakes. I would also recommend that you make a reservation because it can get pretty crowded.
I am from Shanghai and have been living in Manhattan for the last 15 years.Today is my birthday. After Googling around, I picked Cafe China for it's decor (Shanghai 1939s), spicy food and new experience. I took my family and friends, 6 of us, to Cafe China. Upon our arrival, 5:45 PM with a reservation,I noticed that the host was not very friendly. That usually is a bad sign. The seating at the cafe is more suitable for coffee shop than Chinese restaurant, as I see. They could not even find a 6 seats comfortable table for us. I settled at a small round table near the door, where my family and I have to leave our down jackets on all evening, because it was freezing.  I ordered cold and warm dishes: Dan Dan noddle, Steam Dumplings, Duck toughs, Fried Dumplings, Husband and wife spicy dish ... These dishes were served in small bows, and the portions are small. For the main course, we ordered a Whole fish, Tea Duck, Mapoo Tufu, Duck meat fried rice and a Pumpkin. I have to say, the food is not bad, but, also not as Hot as I expected, not as Good as I hoped. The reviews on internet were very positive and generous for Cafe China. For me, I would go again, but only for a nice cup of hot coffee.
Very good place for lunch, quick and easy . We order a couple different dim sum items and fell in love with the Pork Dumplings In Chili Oil. I would definately go back just for those.
Cafe China was amazing! Drinks, food, and service were all on point! We walked in and were able to sit straight down, but tons of people arrived and waited for tables after U.S. We ordered pork sandwiches and pork dumplings in chili oil off the dim sum menu.. both were good but the dumplings were out of this world. We ordered kung pao chicken, baby black lamb, and fried rice with smoked duck. The rice was a little too smoky flavored for me. I highly recommend Cafe China!
We got the duck tong. Wow. I was tempted to eat the bones the sauce was so delicious. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in a one to four person party. The atmosphere was perfect.
I wish I could give this place2.5 stars. I really wanted to like it, as it came highly recommended. The dan dan noodle appetizer was fantastic, but the rest ofThe meal was only so-so. The duck seemedUndercooked And soggy, and the dumplingsWere completely flavorless. The serviceWasSuper friendly, though. And the loose leaf jasmine tea was good. Too bad they sat another couple of diners right on topOf us, though. I mean, I get that it's a smallPlace, but my arm was brushing against the guy at the tableNext to me. It was too cosy.
I've been here a few times and each time it gets better! I love spicy food so I always ask for a side of spicy oil even with the already spicy food. But for most people it would be spicy enough. The soup dumplings aren't that great (thick skin) but their fish dishes and mapo tofu are great. Their tea smoked duck was not something I expected, but I really liked it. (I was expecting something like pecking duck) The duck fried rice is very good as well. When I go there, whoever I'm with, we always over-order (like four lunch special dishes for two people or five dishes for three lol) and we always finish everything! I went today for lunch and now I'm craving it again haha. I thought the prices were on the high side but now that I think about it we paid around $100 including tip for five dishes (some lunch special and some regular price) between three people and thats around $33 per person including tip. It was a lot of food... It was worth it. The servers are kind of slow sometimes but they're nice. I haven't had a bad experience here with any of them yet.
My first visit but not my last!  Previous visits to NYC had included mediocre southern Italian big plates or bust a gut incredible steaks.  This super find has changed dinner plans for future vists.  Food was fresh and fragrant and authentic -  a delightful deviation from mainstream "Chinese".  Do not miss this spot.  Great service, too.
Lunch was busy but with fast and efficient service.  I had one of the lunch special - a bargain at $13 - and a decent glass of Cab Sauv doubled the bill. The menu looked pretty decent so I'd like to go back in a group to try a few more things but the Stir Fried Beef with Pickled Chilli that I tried hit the spot and was precisely as you might imagine (though it was more chili than pickle)
After hearing that this was one of the best Chinese spots in the Times Square area, one of my bosses had wanted to come here for ages so we finally indulged in an office lunch outing. There were five of us and we were all famished when we got there and decided to share a bunch of the dishes. Here are my thoughts:Seaweed Soup-Had too much pepper or something, only had a few sips and decided it wasn't for me.Lightly Sauteed Lotus Root-I love lotus root and eat it all the time at home! The one here was okay, but could've used more flavoring.Eggplant in Garlic Sauce-Was decent, not much to say.Ma Po Tofu-Didn't seem very authentic, but was tasty.Shredded Pork in Garlic Sauce-Pretty good. It was one of the table's favorites.Scallion Pancakes-Yum! Unlike other Chinese restaurants where scallion pancakes are about hard, these did not skimp on the scallions and were also soft.Kung Pao Chicken-Delicious!Lightly Sauteed Fish-Light ginger and scallion flavoring, really enjoyed it.Service was fast and pretty friendly, with the catch that we were a little late for our reservation and got a reprimand from the server after being seated (even though there still tons of seats, though I guess we deserved it). The prices were fantastic and since a lot of our dishes were actually lunch specials, it was around $70 for all of the food, a good chunk of which we couldn't finish. Cafe China is a solid spot for lunch that I will return to, though I'll be sure to make my reservation on time.
Get the Kung Pao Chicken, it's the best one you'll ever have! Great atmosphere, great food, great deals.
Simply put, with no extra fillers, Cafe China is great. The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was great, and more importantly the food was delicious.
The Sichuan style is meant to be mouth-numbingly spicy but they've toned it down just a bit. While some dishes like the Sichuan style chicken and famous Mapo Tofu are still go-tos for heat seekers, those with less tolerant palates can try the much lauded Tea Smoked Duck which comes with soft, airy buns, cucumber, and hoisin sauce to make delicious pockets of meaty goodness.
Fantastic food. Don't order American style Chinese here. Try the spicy cumin lamb or the spicy whole fish. Hot but delicious.
Loved this place. Most of the yelpers have it right . Café China served excellent food in  a cool retro setting. The crystal shrimp dumplings were light and silky. The duckwith spicy ginger sauce was sensational ! Some of the best anywhere. The snow pea shoots were steam/sautéed with just the right amounts of broth and garlic. There are a few drawbacks that cause my true rating to be 4.5 stars. 1. The portions were small, so the value for the money isn't that great. Or said in another way; for Chinese food, this place is a bit expensive. 2. You need to go here with four or more people to try out the rest of the menu which looks great. We were only two people and to have tried another starter and  main dish would have added about $25 to our $50 check.Great place though, and we will definitely return.
My favorite Chinese food in midtown. A must go for my New York trip. Have been there several times already, but this weekend I am especially impressed by the eggplant dish. All dishes can be adjusted according to the heat which is very thoughtful because i don't eat very spicy food. There are little symbol on the menu to give you a pretty good idea of what the dish is rated by heat.The hostess had her smile the entire time and were dressed really nicely. She had great communication skills and somehow find her way around to comfort our long waiting time!! Thank you! Can't wait to be back again.
Solid 4 stars. Highly recommended.Tried out this place for a late Sunday lunch. Chose this establishment because it was close to where my friend was staying (and the yelp reviews). Arrived around 1:30, the place was completely full, we were told there would be a 15 minute wait for a table for two. They took my cell number and we went to wait outside, within 6 minutes I received a text, and the hostess came outside to call us in. The restaurant was still crowded and we were given a small two person table. For appetizers we ordered the pickled vegetables, and the pork tripe with hot chili oil. Both dishes were served cold and came doused in mala oil (numbing and spicy), the pickled vegetables were good but not spectacular, but they were a good way to balance the richness of the pork tripe. The tripe was excellent, not sure what they did but I think they must have simmered it in stock or something similar, there was a real depth of flavor and it was perfectly seasoned. The mala oil was a great touch as well, in fact this was one of the best preparations of this oil that I have had, strong on the numbing szechuan peppercor, but very well balanced over all. After these two dishes we had high expectations for the rest of the meal.For the main dishes we ordered the chongqing chicken and the lamb with cumin. The lamb was served sauteed with onions and some peppers and cilantro. This dish was well executed the lamb was tender, and more importantly it was was properly seasoned and the taste of cumin was just right and not overpowering as it often is when I have had this dish elsewhere. The chicken was also very very good. In fact this was one of the best preparations of chongqing (spelled chongking on the menu here) that I have had. Often when this dish is prepared the chilies can be burnt, excess batter is used and soaks up too much oil, and the seasoning can be off balance. None of that here! This chicken was lightly coated and crisp, the vegetables (garlic, scallion) were bright and flavorful and overall the dish was the winner between the two entre dishes. Both dishes were served with rice, and we made a point of finishing everything. The restaurant was still quite full when we left at 3 pm. My friend had the Lychee cocktail which he said was very well made.Although everything was good, the best dish of the meal was the pork tripe. In fact I feel like I could have just eaten three portions of that, and I would have been more than satisfied.Overall, this was a great find. I'm glad that yelp was able to point me towards this place. I will certainly recommend this place to others, and I am already looking forward to going back.
Good food, good drinks. Tight and hot space. They accommodated a large party last minute which I very much appreciate. Friendly staff. Spicy food! Would like a more extensive dim sum menu.
I absolutely adore Cafe China, I used to frequent it back when I lived in NYC and recently had the chance to pop back in for dinner. Decor is dope, cocktails are absolutely incredible. My favorite appetizers are the Mouthwatering Chicken and the Scallion Pesto Jellyfish. My mouth is actually watering thinking about the chicken, wonderfully spicy and covered in chili oil, and the chicken is always incredibly moist and tender. Favorite entrees include the Kung Pao Chicken, the Sauteed Fish Filet, and the Eggplant. Kung Pao Chicken has bomb sauce. Sauteed Fish Filet has ridiculous umami and the fish is always beautifully velveted (Chinese cooking term). The eggplant is mouthwatering. Just a great place to get together with friends with some great food.
Wanted to like it more.  First up, despite a sign saying "toilets" there is only one single toilet for the entire freakin restaurant!  All I needed to do was wash, but came back to Luke warm food. No tipping can be good. In this case seems to equal no service. Too bad.
The rating does not serve it justice because this place deserves a 5!I came here for my birthday dinner one night and was seated right away despite our group not arriving at the same time. We decided to eat family style and ordered about 7-8 dishes for a group of 10. I don't remember the dishes we ordered but it was all delicious. They came out piping hot and extremely flavorful. I wouldn't expect anything less coming from a Michelin starred restaurant because they certainly deserve it! I recently ordered the Eggplant in Garlic sauce from their lunch menu. I was surprised when I opened the container because it was still extremely hot! I had to set it off to cool for about 15 minutes before I could eat it. Now, that's what I call FRESH!
I had lunch at this place because SO MANY people recommend their food and all the Chinese restaurant rating webpage placed this place on the top of the list. I don't know why, but something goes wrong and the reviews must be biased. I am from China and I know what good Chinese food should taste. I want to say every dish in the restaurant is WAY below average, although I only sampled 4 of them. The soup dumplings were all broken and no soup was left (dipping vinegar without ginger slices). The twice cooked pork belly slices were thick and oily and tasted gross. I don't even want to comment on the chicken and fish I ordered, they did not represent traditional Sichuan flavor a bit. It was an unforgettably bad dining experience. I believe there must be many other eaters who think the same way as me, and I am not an outlier. I love traditional Chinese food. If you want to try authentic Sichuan food, find other restaurants. This place does not present the food culture of Sichuan and the food there is not worth your money.
Update: Came here for lunch and ordered the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special this time. Was delicious! Mildly spicy, with a side of white rice and a spring roll. The other option was the hot and sour soup. We waited 20 minutes to be seated which wasn't too bad. The Kung Pao chicken was filling and service was quick.As long as you pay attention to the chili peppers icon next to the dishes, you can be well informed about the spice levels of the food. I loved the quaint old-world feel of a Chinese tea house. This is a hidden gem of Midtown.
Definitely one of the better Sichuan places I've been to. The flavor is along the lines of what you'd expect, but a tad bit more refined than the standard Sichuan restaurant - it's one of the few places where I didn't feel over-oiled.We had-Spicy cumin lamb (4.5 *) - soft meat and good flavor.-Mapo doufu (4 *) - not as much on the numbing flavor as I'd expect, but still very good.-Cold noodles (4 *) - again, not as strong on the flavor, but nice sourness.-Yuxiang eggplant (3.5 *) - pretty standard-Wontons in spicy sauce (3.5 *)-Fried rice with shredded duck (3 *) - forgettable-Soup dumplings (3 *) - sameMiscellaneous:-I recommend slightly over-ordering compared to a "typical" Chinese restaurant; the dishes tend to run on the small side-Prices don't include tax, but there's no tip added to the total.-You get 1 free bowl of rice per entrée ordered (except for fried rice).-We were able to make a reservation a few days in advance and were seated without a wait.* 1 visit
Great place for spicy dishes especially braised fish with tofu and the mouth watering chicken. Lunch specials offer good choices otherwise the prices can add up if you order apps.
"Only Chinese can cook this food" Said the chef when I asked him what the kitchen staff looked like.Oh. Ok!  Funny how some of the best sushi chefs in the city are of Chinese descendants or of other ethic background.  But I get this arrogant ignorant response instead. Maybe instead of walking around in the dining room, he should be in the kitchen tasting his mise.  Why is the wonton sauce so sweet? Why is the skin on the xiao long bao so thick? Why is the beef/tripe not seasoned enough? Same goes for the sweet potato pancake.Not one dish stood out, it wouldn't normally be a big deal but for a 1 Michelin restaurant charging Michelin priced, I expected at least one dish to be spot on. But what do I know,  I'm not Chinese so I guess I can't appreciate Chinese food.
Don't try thtis. I ordered the "to go". The taste is totally strange. The duck togue is salty af. The spicy baked fish's taste is not fresh, the sweet and sour pork rib is made by totally wrong way. I don't recommend this resturant.
I've come here so many times now (both in person and getting takeout). I have many many opinions about this place. Below are the cliff notes, you can read my extended opinions as well as more tips re: cafe china on my blog.In my very professional opinion, these are the items to get:MUST TRY- jellyfish in scallion pesto $9- mouthwatering chicken $9- medium spicy kungpao chicken $12- tea smoked duck- steamed eggplant szechuan style- braised pork szechuan stylePRETTY GOOD- pork in garlic dressing $9- szechuan pesto chicken medium spicy $9 - baby cucumber- spicy beef tendon- lightly sauteed fish filet $15 - lightly sauteed loofah $13 - spinach with garlic $13- bok choy with garlicEH SKIP IT- steamed soup bun $6- shrimp dumpling $9- scallion pancakes- sauteed bitter melon $12 - pickled fish stew $25 - beef with pickled chili $16/$18- kungfu shrimpPS. The cocktails are also bomb. I've had the Lykee Lychee, Lust Caution, Tomorrow is a Dream Away, and Flowers of Shanghai. All awesome, all small (unfortunately).
I love the decor of this place. It feels very nostalgic with a sense of the early 1900s. The waiters were very tentative. I like the spicy chicken a lot as it's flavorful and crispy, but the steamed beef with pumpkin is a little bit too beefy...loofah was a little overcooked.
Investigation means you listen to both sides not just one side.I understood and respected your rule of first come first serve. I was waiting, and after my friend came in, I invited him to join me to look at the menu with my finger snapping, which had zero intention to get your lady's attention. It is a very narrow entrance area so your lady misunderstood what she saw without asking. So when she came to me and criticized me, my friend and I were shocked - we were her father's age and she should have clarified it first or say excuse me before she threw cruel judgement on her customers.
Food is really mediocre, not authentic. Reminded me of the lunch place I used to go when I was in school in park Pittsburgh. The hostess by the door was a little rude too. Will not go again.
Highly OVERRATED!! Wow!! People! You call this "traditional" (Sichuan) Chinese food???? You kidding me??? Even no-Michelin star, not famous, around the corner in my city can cook better authentic Sichuan Chinese food. This place isn't for the people who really knows and tasted authentic, transitional Sichuan food, period. I think they got Michelin star out of luck and their possible connection to Wall Street (as they once worked in that field). Man....I was soooo disappointed.... I mean I'm from Toronto and we have much much better food than this!! I had to eat some other decent Asian food to cleanse my palate. What the hell was that?!? Double-cooked pork? Man, I can cook that better than that.  Fish in spicy soup, I had one way way better in Taste of Chengdu in L.A. This was by far the worst one I had in my life Dumpling in spicy sauce. It was ok good. Steamed beef with yam? Yuck. Rabbit in cold spicy sauce? Nothing special. I was laughing when the waiter was flashing the 2017 Michelin star plaque over to non-Asian customer who didn't even knew they got a one-star. They should be embarrassed that they got one star... there are many other restaurants who deserves far more than Cafe China. Michelin star people, you should do more research before you give out Michelin One Star like it's cheap flyers.
Delicious Sichuan - though some dishes are not Sichuan at all so you can get your pan Asian cuisine here. The spice is tapered down a bit, the decor is old Shanghai, the prices a bit higher (but no tipping), so, its a proper space to come and except higher quality cooking and better service.  They have a stocked bar with creative cocktails.  Didn't try any though. My friend and I came here at 6 - no reservation for 2- and didn't have to wait but by the time we left, it was very busy so take note.  Think this place is good for groups and dates. The service was standard- polite, prompt with refill, with the waters.  The food was really good - not as greasy and different than sichuan places like Han or Hot Kitchen. They do their own take on things.  We ordered: - Dan Dan noodle - delicious, good flavor and taste, I prefer more garlic but enjoyed the thinner noodles - the Chungking chicken - dry flash fried spicy chili fried chicken nuggets - not as spicy or greasy. Very yummy. - sautéed peashoots in Garlic sauce - yummy, watery and garlicky. - the fish blossom - a sweet and sour general tso like sauce over crispy while fish. Very mild and surprisingly so good for my taste which is all about the spicy. I'd love to come back I would have tried the very famous tea smoked duck. They give you one gooey steamed white rice for free per person which I guess isn't always the case these days but I'm kind of like wtf when they change for rice - you can ask for white or brown. $40 pp.  they definitely are trying to cater to a more upscale audience so note that but come here for some good sichuan Chinese that has more of a muted spicy flavor.
We went as a group of 7 vegetarians and were pleasantly surprised at the flexibility on the menu as well as the taste! Portions are reasonably sized and the staff recommendations were good. We ordered dan dan noodles without the pork, pan fried vege dumplings , steamed veggie dumplings and the scallion pancakes ( which were delicious ) For the mains we had mapo tofu, noodles and the mixed rice. We were served amazing desert of the coconut sorbet and tiramisu to round off the meal. Food tasted very good and the service was great. All in all a great lunch ! Costed us about 130 aside of alcohol
This is braised pork Szechuan style for $ 18.51. boy this is so salty borderline not edible. Asked for hot sauce n completed ignored it. Will not go back there or recommend to anyone. Horrible food!
Cafe China comes so close to a five-star rating I can taste it! I've been for dinner a half dozen times with friends, on dates, for work, and to give out-of-town guests the chance to sample what is some of the best Sichuan cooking in New York City, and definitely for Midtown. I've even rode there on a Citibike to pick-up Christmas dinner (Chinese food tradition) since we live just out of their delivery zone. What keeps bringing me back? The chili-oil dumplings are outstanding. So is the Cumin Lamb, which is consistently well-cooked, not too dry, and is just the right kind of spicy so that it's incredibly addicting. However, after making my way through a significant chunk of the other menu items, I still haven't found another dish that comes close - partially a testament to just how good their dumplings and lamb are but a bit disappointing all the same. Prices aren't bad for the quality but it's by no means a cheap eat. Nevertheless, Cafe China is easily my favorite Sichuan-style Chinese restaurant in NYC. For the budget conscious, I've heard great things about lunch specials there, and if Michelin stars are something you care about, look no further as Cafe China was awarded one for 2013 & 2014.
I came here with a friend after work on a Tuesday and we were seated immediately. At first I was a little turned off because the AC is nearly non existent and we were about to deep dive into spicy foods. They kept the water filled so that helped! To start, we ordered the cold beef which was a big serving. A little bland for me but it wasn't bad. We also got the scallion pancake which I really enjoyed. It came with the XLB vinegar dipping sauce so I asked for the sweeter Kung pao sauce--I recommend this move because pancakes and vinegar are not good together. For entrees we got the five spice chicken which was lightly fried and yummy. Came with A LOT of peppers!  We also got the mapo tofu which I wouldn't order again, it was just ok. The dinner overall was enjoyable, but it wasn't too authentic and I'd prefer a small place in Chinatown for the same or cheaper price (not that it was expensive, it was just ok flavor and quality).
This place is amazing!! My friend are here a few nights ago and was raving about it. I came in just to see why and boy was it obvious right off the bat. Just got home and I feel full but in a good healthy way. This is real Chinese food. If you're only into American Chinese food, you'll still appreciate what's on the menu. The duck is delicious as is all the dim sum. The pork sandwiches are to die for, you'll need to order more than just one! The atmosphere is relaxing without being pompous and the service is prompt and polite. Nobody rushes you or makes you feel uncomfortable. And you can order as much as you'd like whenever you'd like. (Also everyone who works here is oddly attractive) it isn't cheap but it's definitely affordable. So deliciously worth it. When you eat a lot of Chinese food, you tend to feel regret, but this food is legitimate and I will DEFINITELY make the trek to eat here any night of the week.
I've been to this place a couple times and it seems that its recent michelin star award has given it quite the publicity. I've never had to wait for a table until last week, when the wait blew up to 1 hour. Still, the food is quite good and the sichuan numbing spices can be addicting. Order the: dumplings, wonton, dan dan noodles, cold beef, husband & wife, chungking chickenDon't order the: xiao long bao, 3 pepper chicken lunch specialThere's great retro decor all around and the service is adequate. Be prepared to have your nose run from the spice!
I had the pork soup dumplings I've definitely had better two out of the 4 had no soup and the chicken bland. Wonton soup also bland and wontons too. Got Kung Pao chicken not good at all. It was sweet. However the staff very nice and polite and I loved the decor and music. Can't  comment on on the rest of the menu though.
I've worked in Midtown East for over seven years & I've finally found a go-to place to order Chinese food from.My first experience with Cafe China was at the restaurant.  I had lunch with my coworker & her daughter.  The service was pleasant and neither fast nor slow.  I had the fried rice with duck lunch special which was delicious.  The rice to duck ratio was a little low though. I've ordered delivery via seamless about ten times now & have been satisfied each time.  I like that they don't use MSG.  The hot & sour soup is delicious.  It isn't too peppery (peppercorns) which I find other hot & sour soups to be.  My favorite things to order are the three pepper chicken & the aautéed chicken filet.  I love spicy food that has a good flavor & doesn't kill my palate.
Taste so bad!!! No salt and the waiter  made a lot of mistakes for ordering!! The worst Chinese restaurant we ever tried before!!!!!!
In New York, my foodie Yelper friends taught me how to enjoy food. Eating is an art, indeed. I am so glad to find out a newly opened restaurant as Cafe China, where I can not only eat but also create an experience, practice an art, in my Chinese way! When eating at Cafe China, it's not only your taste buds that will be pampered. All your senses will be fulfilled with the smell, the sound, the colors, details, subtleness... Maybe your brain will be triggered for some memories of the past or fantasies of the future as well because the place is so chic with 1930s Shanghai atmosphere mixed with Coco Chanel style. Are you ready for this exotic dining experience?The quality, taste, and original of the food here are also assured! Though prices are on affordable side,  the ingredients are on the finest side! If you have time, you should try the tea there with your meal as well. It's air shipped from Beijing directly and with the best quality. The place is so perfect for romantic dates or intimate conversations. Exotic is the new sexy in town!
This is my second review. Had a wonderful dinner again at cafe China. Tried cocktail this time. Highly recommended!!
Solid chinese.  I ordered delivery with the snow pea shoots with garlic, pork dumplings and dan dan noodes.  The pork dumplings were by far my FAVE.  So good.  I highly recommend them and they weren't crazy spicy, which my super taster tongue was happy about.  The dan dan noodles were also really great except they were crazy spicy - which of course, dan dan noodles are supposed to be crazy spicy - I just got it into my head that I can handle the spice, which I can't.  Oh well.  I had to pace myself with them, but they were good and if you like spicy, I definitely recommend them.  I also wasn't able to finish them and they kept really well overnight.  I'm giving it four stars because I didn't get to eating snow pea shoots with garlic.  I ordered too much food (story of my life) and unfortunately they didn't keep in the fridge overnight.  I sampled a couple and those were good, but since I wasn't able to eat them the next day, I was disappointed.  All in all, I'd totally order the pork dumplings again and if I could handle the spice, definitely the dan dan noodles too.
It was a good attempt at Sichuan food. There was the notable kicks from the spice but it was quickly tempered by how sweet most of the dishes were. The wontons were fatty and loved that there was a lot of filling. However, it was just too sweet and not spicy enough. There wasn't the numbing aspect that one would expect. The double cooked pork belly just had too many things going on and again, too sweet. The dish had too much bean curd and not enough leeks. The fried rice was average and didn't have enough of the smoke flavor from the duck. Overall, I was fed but left quite unsatisfied.
It's about time for me to pick my favorite Sichuan restaurant in the city after having been here for a year. Cafe China stood out as the winner out of  more than10 sichuan restaurants of an average of  about 2-3 visits each (a decent sample size, no?)Food: There are many Sichuan places in the city that I would go to EAT. A couple of dishes I always order to assess the authenticity of the food - dan dan noodles, eggplant in garlic sauce, shredded beef in asian chili, Braised fish in red soup. Cafe China definitely meets the bar. And one dish, the three pepper chicken, definitely exceeds my expectation. Ambience: Wouldn't it be nice to eat at a place where the waiter doesn't rush you and treats you nicely? Cafe China is one of those rare authentic Chinese places that don't mind you taking your time to eat and put an effort in decorating the place. Decorations here are dated back to the 1930s in old Shanghai. It's quite an unique experienceSweets and cocktails? At a Chinese restaurant, really? I feel like Christmas already. :) They have a decent selection of dessert and real cocktails that are actually quite good.What are you waiting for? Go try it now and thank me later. :)
Hungry after downing drinks at Pod39 rooftop this past summer and not wanting to wait on that ridiculous taco line, my friend told me of a Sichuan eatery nearby where he and his co-workers used to lunch. That placed turned out to be Cafe China. We decided to sit by the bar, as we saw other groups trying to grab tables (we're such gentlemen). We had the usual Sichuan goods: rabbit, mapo tofu, dumplings in oil, spicy cold noodles, slices of beef and pork belly, and a side of rice. While the dishes tasted good, they did not quite hit the spot. If I had to judge on the food (solid, true-to-Sichuan flavors) and service (friendly, average wait time) alone, I would have given Cafe China  3.5-4 stars. At the time, my companion and I had no idea this was a Michelin star restaurant. Now that I know, I have reserved my one star because it just felt like any other Sichuan dining experience I've had (but with more interesting decor). Check this place out if you're in the mood for spice, and want to eat at a Michelin star restaurant without the Michelin star price. You will neither be over or underwhelmed, but perhaps leave a bit hungry if you don't order lots and lots of food.
I came with a large group on a weekday for lunch and we each ordered a lunch special and shared family style. I typically do not eat at Chinese restaurants, mostly because the food is too oily and/or salty. I found the food at Cafe China a bit oily but not overwhelming. The food was very flavorful, especially the short spare ribs.While I did not try the mapo tofu, it was numbingly spicy. I suggest coming with a large group to try multiple dishes!
Very good Chinese restaurant! I love love the interior design, it's nostalgic and classy Chinese style. The food is pretty good, but the best thing about their dishes is that they are clean looking and less oily and much healthier than most of the dishes Chinese restaurants have in Manhattan.
nice place! food is quite good. Dishes are a little bit small....
The dumplings in chili oil were out of this world and the wonton soup was great and big enough portion to share (for $6 it should be), pickled vegetables 100% worth ordering.  Dan dan noodles didn't have a ton of meat but were very tasty, the bang bang chicken was tasty but had lots of weird inedible cartilage, a definite non-starter for me, and the string beans came out well after we finished everything else (and the waiter pulled the "avoid them so they can't cancel" move).  Good drinks, interesting space.Good meal, but expect $50pp for dinner with drinks.  Too much for good not great Chinese food and mediocre service...IMO.
Came here with a friend for dinner one night because we were in the area. i am not too sure if the food is that great because we only tried 3 dishes. started out with the dumplings where the wrap part was a bit thick and the filling was not too full. I ordered a pork dish with tofu but it was very oily. The decor was nice and the servers were very helpful. However, I am not sure I will come back again for the food/taste itself. My friend had a fish dish that was decent and not too oily like mine. I appreciate the good service and apparently they deliver too. However, the taste/food was not my favorite Chinese food ever.
My favorite Szechuan place! Mabo tofu will never be the same anywhere else after you taste the way cafe china's mabo tofu sets your tongue on tingly numb hot! Better order some baby cucumber to tame that heat! Their lunch prices are unbeatable. And that pork dumplings in chili oil...... Drooooool. I come here way often and always bring guests with a sense of taste bud adventure. Good job cafe China!
The ambiance is incredible. It is very chic and quirky at the same time. I went at around 1pm, which I thought wouldn't be too crazy. Was somewhat correct but had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. The Service was not that good. Pretty terrible in my opinion. I had to flag down a server to even place our order and then it took 30 minutes for the food to show up. They even forgot my friends drink until then.Foodwise, I had the Kung-Pao Chicken as a lunch special with Hot and Sour Soup. The soup was nothing spectacular, not very sour (vinegary). The Chicken was not too bad, but it was not very spicy. I wish I could have tried their veggies as I have heard those are very good. Will say that I love the gum at the end of the meal instead of a cookie or anything like that. Sort of reminds you that you have to get back to work and not smell like your food.
We were expecting an elegant, restrained atmosphere and a kitchen serving a unique blend of Shanghai and Szechuan specialties.  Instead, it seemed we were transplanted to New York Chinatown.  The space was simple, packed tight into a narrow room, filled to the max with patrons speaking loudly in  Mandarin, English and New Yorkese.  The servers rushed about waiting to be flagged down.  Cafe China's menu was very complete, delineating the "spice hot temperature" with symbols of little peppers. While the food was good, nothing was great, and the kitchen matched the quality of dozens of New York Chinese restaurants.  We knew we were not dining in Hong Kong or the Mainland.  This was New York Chinese.
I don't understand what the buzz is all about.  I have no idea who is critiquing restaurants for Michelin, but this place deserves one star on Yelp as opposed to one Michelin Star.  The one star that I'm giving is partly because I cannot give any less, but if I had to attribute it to anything, it would be due to the free drinks that they gave us while we were waiting an exorbitant amount of time to be seated.  Understanding that went with six people on Christmas Day and it was very busy, here is a competent and accurate review:Decor:  It's a nice place, a bit small considering how busy it is, but a cool vibeService:  Poor.  The waiter was a bit annoyed that we were asking questions, especially when it came to asking his recommendations on what to order from an extensive menu.  The food came out rather quickly, but the server just threw all the entrees in the middle of the table without telling us what everything was.  We all ordered dishes that looked rather similar, so we needed to call the waiter over several times so he could clarify it for us.Food:  Traditional Chinese or not...the food has to taste good.  The wonton soup was bland; the wontons were good but there were basically submerged in a bowl of hot water.  The pork dumplings were pedestrian at best, but the chili sauce was good.  The entrees were very underwhelming.  The Pork Belly was just ok.  Three pepper chicken holds true to its name considering how sparse the actual chicken was compared to the staggering amount of peppers.  The sparse amount of chicken didn't even taste good.  If you enjoy eating cumin out of the container, you would enjoy the spicy cumin lamb.  The kung pao chicken also had a sparing amount of meat and was edible.Considering all the buzz and reviews, especially the prestige of the Michelin Star, we were extremely disappointed to the point where we regretting not ordering in.
I organized a birthday party for a group of 7 here recently.  At the end of the meal, we all remarked that we weren't impressed and in fact was surprised by the service and other elements of the experience.For our meal, the kitchen rating was "B" and that's probably also the grade we would give.We ordered a number of items, including appetizers, main courses and a lot of sides.  We each started with a cocktail, and then got wine.  My martini (gin) was good.  Wine was reasonably priced.Our food was mixed.  I enjoyed a lot of the sides, especially the string-beans.  Duck-tongue wasn't bad but (as my first experience) it was a strange experience; I don't like the texture and felt there wasn't a lot of meat to actually taste.The service - a lot of people were available to deliver food for the table, and cleanup when the dishes were empty.  But it was 17minutes after we started timing it that the single "waiter" (not sure what the proper term is) came by to take our order.  This was after taking the cocktail order pretty quickly.At the end of the meal, we had all the signs that we were done:  the table was empty; we had placed our credit-card and cash on the table; and we had told the 3 other staff who cleaned the table that we wanted to pay; we watched each of them tell the single waiter (there is one waiter for the entire restaurant?!?) that we were ready, but he would nod his head and then do other things.Food is fine, service is poor.  Especially for a Michelin-starred place.
Good food. I've tried dan dan noodles, fried rice and mapo tofu, so far. More photos and deets on my blog. The details of the blog are included in my profile.
Four stars for an easy-going atmosphere, retro decor, efficient staff, AND finally a Chinese restaurant that offers simple vegetable dishes that are not drowned in heavy oil. I also tried their tea smoked duck, not a huge fan, but that's partly because I'm not a meat enthusiast. Overall a highly enjoyable experience although I wish the prices for vegetable dishes matched their small portions...
made a delivery order. It took around 40 minutes. Food was great. Recommend dumplings and fried rice.
Just had another dinner at Cafe China. This time, no service issues because it was a slow night due to today being a Tuesday.There are now two prix fixe menus as well, both at $68 for two people. Each includes 2 appetizers, 2 main courses, and 2 desserts. The difference between the two are the combination of dishes featured.My friend and I ordered a la carte and got the following 3 dishes:1. Mouth Watering Chicken - These were great slices of bone-in poached chicken leg meat. The slices are large and meaty. The sauce wasn't as spicy as Szechuan Gourmet's. I'd request for the spiciness level to be increased the next time I order this dish.2. Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic - The pea shoots were beautifully stir-fried. They had a really nice wok hay too. Textbook perfect.3. Chungking Braised Fish - We ordered this with a non-spicy white broth. Aside from the fish filet slices, the dish also contained tofu, bean sprouts, and napa cabbage. Delicious. The portion was huge. It could have easily been shared among 3-4 people.It was a really lovely and comforting meal all around. Both my friend and I left happy and satisfied.Cafe China's definitely going on my permanent restaurant rotation from now on.
I would say this is one of the best Chinese(Szechuan) restaurants in town. Yes, you may be able to find the same good taste somewhere else in china town, for lower price. However, while most likely you have to sacrifice ambiance to eat good Chinese in Chinatown, you can enjoy both food and ambiance, and even better service here at Cafe China.Location is also a plus. This place is a couple of blocks from Grand Central and thus fairly convenient for most of my friends spreading all over the state of NY.Here's what we always order: Mapo tofu, Chungking braised fish, Mouth watering chicken, Kung pao chicken. All other dishes are of course good as well but these 4 are, I believe, the must-have here. According to their website, "This is Shanghai. It is the place where the East is embracing the West for the first time". I understand their attempt to show nostalgic ambiance of old Shanghai in 30s, but the food seems to be more like Szechuan style.  Spicy food lovers, you definitely have to try this place!
The waiter was great.I can't say that i liked or hated the restaurant.It just wasnt my cup of tea.The quality was there. Personality there.The food just wasnt for me.So you need to go for yourself and decide. But know that the flavors are unique. Different.
Well, went there a few times already, the quality of food fluctuates. Giving it a 2 star just because the last time we went, the food was actually better than previous visits. Oh and 1 more star for great marketing, still wondering how they got so hyped and a Michelin star? Decor: yeah right. not much of a decor per se. shabby hipster chic if you have to give it a name or something. Drinks were strong and tasty the first time but not so much later on. VERY SMALL GLASSES. Did I say VERY SMALL?
The best Mapo Tofu in NYC with no doubt! I always want to find authentic Mapo tofu. I've tried at several places, either too salty or not Ma enough. Here they made it just right!!!!!! Other dishes such as duck tongue, dan dan noodles are also delicious.  One interesting fact, they have a waitor that looks like Xi. When I saw him, I was shocked.
I fell in love with this place the moment I walked in. The vintage decor brings back lots of fond memories from my childhood in Shanghai, and the authenticity of flavor and presentation made this dinner one of my most memorable. Food here is Szechuan flavor with a Shanghainese twist, which satisfied my boyfriend who enjoys spicy food and my dad who misses a good Shanghainese dish. I will be back!
Nice Sichuan Chinese restaurant. Spicy cumin lamb is excellent. Pricing included tips. No tipping required.
This rating is based on the four dishes we ordered. Food is above average but could be better with some minor changes. We got pork slice with garlic dressing for appetizer. I have to say the sauce was amazing and it brought the dish to the next level. Only if they could increase the portion since less than 8 thin slices of pork was hard to justify the price of $9.Crystal shrimp dumplings was just normal steamed dumpling dim sum, not the crystal dumpling that I expected. Don't recommend this dish. Smoked tea duck was good but a bit salty. The quarter duck was solid without much fat and you could taste the flavor of tea. Lastly, the loofah dish. I expected it to be a bit sweet with some tasty soup at the bottom, but it turned out to be plain and not impressive.We didn't order any of those popular items that other reviews have talked about. We wanted to try something different and this review was just based on my personal taste and preference.
NEVER EVER EVER EAT FROM CAFE CHINA. Feel free to eat here if you feel like being communicated as a second class citizen. worst customer service. I am beyond appalled at how this place  No way. Took over an hour for delivery when it said it would take 30-45mins. that is okay considering it was lunch time. However, when I called because they forgot my soup, they offered ZERO apology, guy kept telling me to wait and then hanging up on me. Interestingly enough, he suddenly couldn't speak english anymore when I called back. Wow. How do they even stay in business?
This wasn't too far away from the Empire State Building where I had to take my brother in law and his new wife.  Upon entering, you're hit with:  "Do you have a reservation?"  As we had 5 in our party, we were given a seat immediately.We had the tilapia fish (filet style), doh-mien (greens & garlic), lamb, and 2 orders of soup dumplings.Total bill before tip was ~$80, not bad considering 5 of us got to eat?They all got a thumbs up by my Chinese relatives who live in Beijing.A step above the Chinatown dives, and t looked really clean.  Didn't see any vermin like some others have said?A young waitress comes and constantly refills your water bottle, which is a rarity in a Chinese restaurant!
I've been here before and really like it.  I think the braised fish w/tofu is amazing.On a recent visit though, the braised fish w/tofu was way too salty.  Also ordered an entree I've not had before - sauteed duck w/ginger.  This dish should be called red and green peppers with a little sauteed duck!   At $19, you would think you wouldn't have to dig for the duck!!
Great lunch option near Grand Central.The inside is beautiful with a cool 20s vibe. The lunch menu well priced and quickly served. Food was tasty and well presented.
Probably because we ordered the wrong food (we picked some really expensive dishes: lobster, fish, and duck), I am a bit disappointed. However, my friend seems to be okay with it. If I have to pick one to recommend, the scallion pancake is very good.
3.5 stars since food can be inconsistent. My boyfriend is on a mission to find the best mapo tofu in the city. He thought he found it at Lan Sheng, then the quality there wet downhill. Oh happy day when he first ate here. Mapo was spicy, tofu was silken yet firm, with just the right amount of pork and lots and lots of chiles. I ordered the braised fish with tofu, which was also deliciously spicy and had a nice peanut crunch. Alas we returned a few days later during the height of lunchtime. Maybe the place was too busy but the food definitely suffered in taste and quality. Planning one last trip to give it another chance. Decor is lovely though and there's a 1930s shanghai theme plus much homage to Wong kar wai via the drinks menu.
Great! Good service. The atIt is a a good place to enjoy Szechwan Cuisine and shanghai food .The atmosphere of this restaurant is great.
The customer service here needs some work. While I was waiting at the bar for my party to arrive, I overheard a "manager" look young lady complains about one customer in regards of his comment on the dish. The manager obviously was upset and saying " if you don't like Chinese cuisine why you are here" on the customer's back.   Well good luck with that attitude in restaurant business. After being seated, me and my friend ordered five spice beef, smoked duck, Bok choy, and baby black lamb. The dish is seriously overpriced. And flavor is the worst I've ever tried in Manhattan Sichuan restaurants. Bok choy was not washed. My friend bit into a Bok choy heart and had mud and sand full of his mouth. Baby black lamb was heavily salted till a point I started to question if the lamb was fresh or not. It does not need that much marinate to cover its flavor. I invited my friend to this place as of its fame. But it was a huge disappointment and I will not recommend this place to anyone.
Liked the décor, atmosphere and vibe which one can describe as a scene from a Wong Kar Wai 60's movie.  Food however wasn't as glamorous, the soup dumplings weren't soupy, tasty or hot (probably due to lack of soup) and the dough was thick and hard, goto Shanghai Café in Chinatown for these.  Best dish was Fragrant Fish Filet which sat on a bed of snow pea shoots; the fish was perfectly cooked, moist and lightly seasoned with a touch of spice from accompanying green peppers - it was nicely balanced, not drenched in oil and subtly flavored .We also had the Cumin lamb which was nice and spicy but overly salty.  The tea cooked duck was nothing short of cold salted duck, nice smoked scent and decent meat but nothing to warrant ordering it again.Would I go again?  Maybe if I was in the vicinity and felt like fish and snow pea shoots........
One of the best Sichuan restaurants I've been to in forever, and with much better ambience than most. Quite reasonably priced lunch menu makes it a great lunch spot. Brought a tear to my eye to see bitter melon featured as an appetizer. It's a complicated moody vegetable and not for everyone but they do a very nice job with it, and it's a widely known fact that bitter melon adds integrity to any menu. So many fun stylistic details throughout the restaurant and the cherry on top is an excellent (though pricey) drink menu. They make up for it in my book by featuring several cocktails named after Wong Kar Wai movies, the Chung King Express is a dream.
This is a great Chinese restaurant.   I think it's the best I've found so far in NYC.  Better than any in China Town there.  I would definitely go back  again to eat.
Overlook the bland name and location -- this place is awesome. Very upscale but affordable Chinese. I went for a lunch date and was instantly charmed by the decor in Cafe' China. It's a very retro mix of 1930's jazz-age pieces. Old record players, vintage prints, antique trunks, cool lighting. They have beautiful china dishes and lacquered chopsticks. Its a great date location. I had the duck fried rice and wonton soup. Both were delicious and large enough for leftovers. The service was attentive and prompt and I hope to come back!
I tried their lunch special  L3. Szechuan Beef Noodles last week. Well, it's really disappointed. Beef noodle soup came with only spicy OIL and only serve with only 4 slices of thin beef. Not coming back ever.
Saturday night-busy and we were seated right away. Started with Dan Dan Noodles and Crystal Shrimp Dumplings-both were just OK. We preferred Dan Dan Noodles @ Han Dynasty and have had better Crystal Shrimp Dumplings in many Chinatown eateries. Rice with duck was bland and would be hard pressed to identify the protein as duck-it was tasteless. Kung Pao Chicken & Szechuan Eggplant, again much better choices in Chinatown.  We were disappointed.
I had very high hopes for this place and a few of the hopes were satisfied, a few not so much. First I was pleasantly surprised by the decor/atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff. We walked in around 8 on a Wednesday night and put our name on the list. The Hostess told us it would be about 15 minutes which was perfect as our #3 wasn't there yet. We sat at the bar and I ordered a lychee martini. I asked for it to be light on the sweet factor and the bartender delivered. My friend ordered a glass of the cab which was meh, but you're not there for the wine selection. The place is totally cute inside and had a nice hum. Right on time the Hostess approached us and said they had a table but if we wanted to wait a few more minutes we could score a booth. We decided to wait. We were seated shortly there after and here's the run down on the food. 1. Bang Bang chicken - served cold wasn't that thrilling but OK.2. Pork dumpling in chili oil - very good3. Dan Dan noodles - these were good, not great but if you mixed the bang bang chicken with these and some hot sauce it made both dishes better.4. Vegetable steamed dumplings - very good but hey, how can you really mess up a dumpling?5. Chung king chicken - now this was the main problem I had with this place. This has 4 peppers next to it, it comes to the table, red peppers are covering the dish and I detected basically no heat? huh? We had to add hot sauce to everything. Either my taste buds are totally dead or they need to kick it up a notch.6. Fried rice - this was not typical Chinese fried rice with the fun little added everything, this was just fried rice...snore.We ordered 2 bottles of the Pinot Project Pinot which is not one of my favorites but the list is limited , I wanted a white anyway, but it was 2 against 1.I'm not really feeling the Michelin star but hey, I had a fun time, I dug the vibe and the service and the food was perfectly OK.
Delicious! I was here with a big group. We had almost everything on the menu. You can't go wrong with this place. I think it's better than Legends
Appetizers are great but hot dishes are not.  Meat in one dish is bad but they insisted to change to the same dish, which they simply redo with the same plate instead of using new material.  Will not return.
Cafe China is one of the better Chinese options in Midtown/Midtown East; it offers good Sichuan food in an enjoyable setting (think 1920s Shanghai) but at a higher price than competitive restaurants.I came here twice in one week - once on a Thursday night with another girlfriend, and we had no problem getting seated without a reservation as we were only 2 - another time on Saturday morning for brunch with a party of 6 (needed a reservation for that one). Both times, the food was delicious and arrived  on-time.I've tried many of the items on the menu and recommend:- Dan dan noodles- Mouth watering chicken (kou shui ji)- Pork dumplings in chili oil- Chungking Spicy Chicken- Cumin lamb- Chungking braised fish in red soup- Sauteed string beansNote that the portions are quite small, especially in the case of the cold dishes.In terms of cocktails - the lychee martini is quite weak and basically tastes like lychee juice. The 2046 is quite good and strong however!Overall, I'm likely to come back again. As I mentioned it's not cheap - Saturday brunch for 6 where we admittedly ate a lot of food came out to be around $31/person including tax/tip - but the atmosphere and food quality in the convenience of Midtown are worth it!
Food is ok. Nothing particularly exciting. Service is typical of those of other Chinese restaurants. Definitely not a fine dining venue. The small portions (bad value) knocks it from 3 stars to 2. I agree with an earlier post that they must have bribed Michelin or spiked the rater's drinks to get such a review.
Incredible food and cocktails. The service was fantastic as well. Probably the best Chinese food I've ever had!  The dumplings in Chili sauce for an app are the way to go, a little spicy but worth it!  Additionally their soup dumplings are delicious. For entree tried a few, but the pork dish takes the cake!!  The four pepper chicken was very spicy but tasty as well, and had notes of Indian-style spices in it, also worth ordering, very unique!  Very nice experience, looking forward to my next visit!
I liked Cafe China despite a number of flaws, but a Michelin star!?! Really? Whoever made that decision must have been drunk off his ass.So, the food. It is generally authentic, though the attempts at spicy Sichuan dishes generally fall quite short in spiciness. While the general spice profile is present, most of the dishes just seem a bit bland given the bold, explosive flavors of Sichuan cuisine.As for the rest, the drinks were quite decent for a Chinese restaurant (though not cheap) and the service was average. Certainly worth a visit if you're looking for Chinese in Midtown, but you can find better elsewhere despite what the Michelin guide would like to tell you.
I came here to grab a bite with one of my friends after work in Midtown. Getting seated was easy enough, and the decor definitely has a throwback style to it. Food and drinks were served relatively quickly, which was good. That said...you definitely know you're not in Chinatown when the first page of entrees is all above $20 and the beer selection (which is small to begin with) starts with $7(!) Tsingtao. In the end, I decided to stick with a relatively cheap dish and get the Kung Pao chicken. Very flavorful and peanut-y, and definitely with a little more heat than I've had with the dish elsewhere. That one pepper icon definitely tricked me into thinking it wasn't that hot. For $12, it was reasonable.All in all, it's a nice little cozy joint just off 5th Avenue, and if you want to grab decent Chinese food without trekking downtown or over to Queens, it's a good place to stop. Just be prepared to pay a little more, and don't expect the menu to be as broad as other places either (there were no noodle soups that I could spot on the menu before ordering, for example).
The tea smoked duck was super greasy and came only with a thick duck sauce that tasted like it came out of a can or tube. The baby cucumber appetizer was soaked in a garlic oil and so also very greasy. I didn't get the sense that either the ingredients or the preperation are of quality. This seems to me one step above chinese fast food and not a good restaurant. I did enjoy the eclectic atmosphere and service was friendly.
Dined at Cafe china last night and was left with mixed feelings. They don't take reservations for a party of two, so ended up waiting for a table for 40 mins on a Thursday evening. The lychee cocktail was delicious. It's not overbearingly sweet and has a hint of vanilla. A nice touch!The vegetable steamed dumplings are ok, nothing to rave about.The shell is a bit doughy. The fried rice with scallions and mustard greenshoots was absolutely delicious! We gobbled up every grain of that rice. Our three pepper chicken was super tasty but very salty! It was impossible to eat that dish, in fact it left such a bad taste in my mouth that for the next five minutes I only ate bland white rice. Luckily they were kind enough to make a new dish. The second time around it was perfect. Flavorful, super spicy and absolutely delicious. Highly recommend it!! The Chungking braised fish (tilapia) in red soup - is a huge portion size. It's super tasty and packed with flavors!! Overall except for the horrible salty incident, the food is delicious. Authentic schezuan style! I'll def. be coming back for more!!
love this place! awesome foods and fast delivery. I've been there 4times during my 7 days vacation in NYC
Checked this place for Friday dinner with a group of friends. Pretty spacious with big round tables which are good for group dining. I liked their charming decor on the wall which reminds of chinese pop culture in the early 20th century. Here are three steps how we enjoyed that evening dinner. 1) First, one sip of Tsing Tao - It was extremely hot/humid day with record-high 100 degree in the afternoon. We were all exhausted and thirsty, so first ordered Tsing Tao beer. The cold beer was a really good starter.2) Appetizers - ordered one of their signature appetizer dishes, pork dumplings in chili oil and crystal shrimp dumplings. The pork dumplings were much better than my expectation; it was not overly spicy and not overly greasy. Just perfect. The shrimp ones were disappointing tho; its dumpling skin was too thick compared to shrimp inside so that I can rarely taste shrimp :(  3) Main dishes - tried bunch of dishes,  but our top favorites were (1) Braised Fish With Silken Tofu (2) Kung Pao Chicken (3) Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck. The fish dish was really spicy but amazing. One of the best spicy dishes that you can have in the city I believe. Kung Pao was also much better than other chinese places. I wan't a big fan of kung pao chicken, but I was impressed at this place. Thumbs up. The fried rice was also perfectly seasoned and not overly oily, and the shredded smoked duck was so tender and tasty. I'll def try this dish next time.  We also tried Ma Po Tofu (a bit disappointing. Tofu was thick, and didn't taste authentic compared to other szechuan places that I've tried before) and Braised Pork Szechuan Style, both of which were just okay. Overall, we were satisfied with our dinner at cafe china. 3.5 stars for food / 3 stars for service / 3.5 stars for ambience.
I am here asking a table for two. But the waiter does not want to assign me a sit. I do find somebody sit alone but I have to sit on the bar and waiting for my friend arriving. The bartender said it is the policy but refuse to explain why. He definitely has a attitude. I stay only because I have to wait my friends and I will not come here again.
One of the best and most authentic Chinese restaurant in mid-town! Very popular during lunch time, so be sure to make a reservation and be on time. The following dishes are highly recommended: Shanghai soup buns! any lunch special is good, especially steamed or sauteed white fish (out of this world good and huge portion!), kung pao chicken, sauteed beef, braised eggplant, any sauteed leafy veggie...
I love this place! I try to visit it every time I am in NYC. My wife and I first discovered this little gem on our 10-yr anniversary weekend together (we live in Austin). We ducked in here after cupping our hands on the windows and taking a glance at it's vintage decor. Reminded me of french-influenced asia...more Vietnam perhaps, than typical Chinese.We also saw a menu that included our Dim Sum favorites as a la carte items on the menu - making Dim Sum anytime. A big plus. We ordered the Tea Smoked Duck in addition to several Dim Sum items like steamed dumplings and the like. The food was (is) outstanding! We fell in love with the Tea Smoked Duck Fried Rice. Incredible! Light and fluffy, fresh, a light smoke flavor to the duck....unreal! The service has been great every time I have been in. But in fairness, every time I have been in, it has not been busy. In fact each time there were just a few tables. I hope they get busier as the word gets out. So I can't attest to service at a busy service, but I have confidence they will continue to give attentive service. When I was there last a month or so ago, they did not yet have a beer and wine license, so it is a BYOB place. And that makes it even cheaper, although a little more inconvenient. There is a deli around the corner where you can grab some beers or wine, so it's not that bad. All in all, this is one of my favorite places to eat, not just favorite Chinese food. Enjoy!
Absolutely delicious - have been to many Sichuan places in the city - and this is absolute top notch. All ingredients are proportioned perfectly. The three pepper chicken - amazing- and the tea duck rice - lovely. It's hard to find a place that does tea duck well - they nailed it. Loved the husband and wife cold fish special (that I shared with my wife :))Can't wait to go again very soon!
The atmosphere and decor of this place is great! They offer a special lunch price til 3pm and my girlfriend and I got there at 2:50pm. When we has asked about the lunch special they wouldn't honor it to us. What was nice about the lunch special being the first time there, it would allow us to try more items on the menu. But anywho, we had ordered the kung pao chicken, dan dan noodles, and garlic spinach. The food was mediocre. Service wasn't great at well. Probably wouldn't be coming back.
I love here because I found my favorite food here. This restaurant also has nice decoration, and good service.
Continued excellence at this restaurant, my first lunch visit  - make sure you get there by noon or you will be waiting . The chicken with three spices and the green chili beef were great spicy choices off the lunch menu. My friend and I both  had a cheeky lunchtime cocktail - the Lust, Caution , a perfect fruity accompaniment to the spicy food.Excellent speedy service means you can easily be in and out for lunch in less than an hour.
I am craving to go backkkkkk. I had not had Chinese food for a while so I was craving some authentic gong bao and steamed veggies. Cafe China successfully fulfilled my zhong guo cai craving. Super super authentic Ma Po Tofu and Spicy Chilli Peanut Chicken. Kind of a random location...Dont mind the line that forms next to the restaurant..this place is not THAT popular. They are just waiting in line to get an Indian Visa haha
I think the food at Cafe China is solid, but that's partly in contrast to the many disappointing (and sometimes downright offensive) options in NYC. The portions are small, be warned, but that does give you the opportunity to put on a spread of dishes with just a few friends. The Michelin star makes no sense, but you'll have a good meal.
My boss took the office here for Administrative Professional's Day. The food was great. I had Lamb. Our office also orders regularly. I love the crystal shrimp dumplings and pancakes.
Deserves all great ratings. Came here NYE at 11:00. Only one here. I got the Dan Dan Noodles and Wonton soup -- both were perfectly cooked. Nice ambiance, consistency, service. Fair price and great food.
It is actually a 3.5 stars. Disclaimer. I came here for a team outing and we all had a good time. I will contribute that partially to the good company in addition to the good food.We came in Wed night without reservation except that I made a call 20 mins ahead to make sure they had a table can fit 9 people. The restaurant itself is not big - only two bigger dinner tables and 8ish other smaller tables that can sit 4. So take note if you have a party over 4 people in total. I like the decor - 40s 50s Old Shanghai style. YOu will see chandelier , type writer, old school commercial wall painting. Not very common in your regular China town joints. It could be a decent date spot if the noise level is lower.The menu is pretty extensive, going from Szechuan to Shanghai cuisine. Spicy, non-spicy dishes, vegetarian options and small selection of dim sum. Food wise, I will rate it 70% authentic (i am Chinese from HK) and in general pretty good - did not have one bite of bad taste, but it did not blow my head either. Highlight is the mixed mushrooms, garlic cucumber,  fish in miso sauce, braised fish in red soup and tea smoked duck. We had 5 asians an 5 non-aisans at the table and all of us enjoyed the meal a lot. We also order the jasmin tea and vietnam coffee. All good.Another note. If you are coming here looking for a Chinatown style dinner, i.e. cheap and big portion, you can skip this one. The entree size is good for share among 3 persons and the price midtown average. We had 9 persons and order 4 apps and 6 entree plus drinks. We cleaned every plate.The reason it is not 4 stars is the services. They are somewhat rude on the phone. The waiter seemed totally clueless when we were ordering - he asked "what? where? which one?" every single dish we ordered! I mean, honestly, you are not going to get a good tip if you cannot even remember your menu!All in all, not a bad experience and def more enjoyable environment than Chinatown. I will def return if I am in the hood.
Another midtown Chinese restaurant that serves pretty tasty, and authentic, Chinese food.  Definitely another spot to revisit.  This place comes off as a little more hip or modern with its restrained decor inspired by Shanghai during its 'colonial' times.  Unlike other locations, this restaurant's seating arrangements are more spacious so things don't feel cramped at all.  You could definitely spend a while here and chat.  There's even a full service bar and a selection of interesting cocktails, which I should try later.The food is good.  Tried the dan dan noodles, which weren't what I expected but very tasty for a small bowl.  The main dish I tried was the tea smoked duck.  It was as I expected, similar to something that I would get from a restaurant in Hong Kong.Overall, with Chinese restaurants stateside, it all comes down to how similar the food is to what I would get somewhere in Hong Kong.  I can't really say much more than this place meets the standards of your everyday restaurant in HK.The food is good and has service to match.
Surprised to see a lot of not so great reviews here. Cafe China was far and away the best Sichuan food I've had in New York. The spicy lamb and tea smoked duck were standouts. Can't wait to go back to try more stuff.
Ah, Sichuan food...nothing hurts quite so good.  Eating Sichuan food is like drinking wine.  Anyone can enjoy a high quality one.  But to truly appreciate it, you have to taste the progression of flavors that course through your tongue every step of the way.  Sichuan food is not just about lighting your tongue on fire and chewing.  If you wanted that, order Chinese takeout and douse it with Sriracha (I love Sriracha btw).  This is what puts Cafe China above your typical spicy Chinese restaurant.  Despite the spiciness, you can still taste a perfectly balanced creation.  While your tongue is on fire, perhaps you realize they put JUST enough salt, a perfect complement of scallion, and then rounds it out with that little hint of peanut, or something. The Husband and Wife Special appetizer is perhaps my favorite Sichuan dish, and it's done very well here.  If you are adventurous enough to eat tripe, definitely worth a try.  Their Ma Po Tofu may actually be my favorite in all of New York.  The Three-Pepper Chicken is a strong dish, though the last time I went there, it wasn't stir-fried long enough and was slightly too mushy.  Spicy Cumin Lamb was good, but did not stand out above other restaurants.  As far as vegetables go, I recommend snow pea shoots and loofah (yes, your shower sponge is made from a vegetable).  Never had their eggplant, but I'd reckon it's pretty good.
Went for lunch. Based on reviews, we ordered:- Dan Dan noodles- not impressed, kind of bland- Pork dumplings in chili oil- delicious! We would definitely order this again. Sauce was slightly sweet yet quite good so we ended up spooning some of this sauce onto the Dan Dan noodles- Three pepper chicken- chicken was dry, overcooked and the Sichuan peppercorns literally numbed our tongue is such an odd, tingly way that we did not enjoy the dish... peppers were not very spicy- Fried rice with mustard green shoots- great flavor (daughter said it was the best fried rice ever)... would have been perfect if it was less salty- MaPo tofu- gelatinous sauce with cubes of tofu.... so-so flavor. We've definitely had better elsewhere... we prefer our MaPo tofu with silken homemade tofu. Would not order this here again.Expected better ... we plan to come here again to try the other highly recommended dishes...
fast delivery after 9:30pm. food was tasty and quick. I had the sweet potato pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, pork dumplings and won ton in chili sauce, all were ok.
Best Chinese food in the town. The price is also great.
My favorite Szechwan restaurant.  I've ordered the fish blossom the three times I've been there and it's been good every time.  The fried rice is a good and so is the dumplings in chili oil.
The food was pretty good but I don't know if this is 1-star quality. I've had pretty good Chinese food throughout life, and this one doesn't feel exceptional in any way except that this is a Shanghainese/Sichuan restaurant in NYC where most Chinese restaurants are Cantonese and not very good (generally too greasy or too bland). It does save a trip to Flushing if I want some good Chinese food (northern Chinese food is soooo much better). Food:Mouth-watering chicken - really good with the sesame seeds and sauce Sauteed green beans - pretty good Eggplant in garlic sauce - deliciousMapo tofu - very good Spicy cumin lamb - pretty good Vegetarian fried rice - goodRice wine rice balls - decent Ginger ice cream - ok
As a foodie I searched for the new Michelin starred restaurants in NY for me to check in my trip.The place is nice and the service is good, although they served our dishes for us to share and we want each to have is own.The menu us very Chinese but I thought it will contain more steamed dim sum, most if them were seared/fried.The food was good but I don't think it worth a star.Scallion pancakes Is the only dish I didn't like at all, to much oil in such little pancake.The main courses comes with brown rice (or white, your choice) it was perfectly cooked!I asked for my dish to be more spicy and got what I wanted :)Very tasty sautéed chicken course but as all of the other dishes it was very greasy.We share a unique Chinese dessert, rice balls with red bean filling in a warm rice wine soup - didn't like it on the first bite, but then it became surprisingly good.Not an expensive place at all, Good VFM.I maybe even come back, but I expected much more for a michlein star restaurant.
Attracted by the bamboo out door/ interior decoration first. Amazing food, ordered Spicy Baked Fish, have to say it's authentic Chinese- Sze Chuan taste. Fried Rice with Mustard Greens Shoots, never had this kind fried rice elsewhere other than Szechuan locally. The drink esp. cocktails are special and really well designed. Lust - name of the drink. has both interesting name and different but great taste. Atmosphere is good as well, old Shanghai Style, plus the music is always proper. Not loud and the day i went to they had Jazz.
Service was disorganized. Our group ordered seven dishes and ended up getting five of them. When enquiring about the rest of our order, we found out the waiter never put them in. We also ordered tea which ended up getting forgotten as well. The prices here are more expensive than other places around like Szechuan Gourmet. The dishes that we did end up getting was half the size of a normal order. They tasted decent, but not any better than the other Sichuanese places in Midtown to warrant the effective price gouging. I noticed the B in food sanitation rating from the city while going into the restaurant. I chalked it up the inspector having a bad day. This is, after all, a Michelin starred restaurant. When I went to the restroom in the basement, I passed by the kitchen on the way and man was I wrong. I've seen chinese takeout joints more clean and well kept than this kitchen.I'll never understand how this place got its star. If you want a good Sichuanese place, go to Lan Sheng or Szechuan Gourmet a few blocks away.
In the neighborhood with a friend., we had a couple of hours to kill, so decided to come in for lunch. We ordered from the Dim Sum menu. We had the sweet potato cakes, veggie pot stickers, crystal shrimp dumplings, and my friend ordered a pork dumpling in chili sauce. Everything was very good and reasonably priced. For dessert I had the coconut sorbet which comes in a coconut shell. It was good. My friend had the Vietnamese iced coffee. She loved it.The waitstaff was very good and very attentive. Tip: The place fills up around noon with the workday lunch crowd. We got there at 11:45 and the place was empty, but by 12:15 there were several groups outside waiting for a table.
Aside from Szechuan Gourmet, I've not been impressed by any other Szechuan restaurants in the city. That is, until I came across Cafe China. Firstly I'd like to express that the food served here isn't 100% true to the Sichuan province of China, not in my opinion at least. The menu is strewn with more Shanghainese dishes and flavor, with some rather Westernized touches. However that's not really a bad thing at all - everything is well executed and delicious.The decor of Cafe China, first of all, is absolutely darling. It's styled like a twentieth century shanghai townhouse, complete with black and white photographs, an antique typewriter and Chinese novels and poetry on the bookshelves. It definitely looks cleaner and swankier than the majority of Chinese restaurants in this city - which probably explains the hugely Caucasian clientele.Because I dined with my mom and cousin (who are proudly from Sichuan) along with the bf for dinner, we were able to try many different dishes.Appetizers:- Diced rabbit with chili: tiny little cubes of lean rabbit meat was served in a wonderfully sweet and spicy chili sauce with just a touch of Sichuan peppercorns, livened up by roasted peanuts and cilantro. Everyone enjoyed this dish, especially my mom who kept dunking her other food in the sauce.- Thinly sliced pork with garlic: this traditional cold dish is typically one of my mom's favorites, but she thought the version served here was a bit too sweet. I however appreciated the sweet rice wine used to macerate the huge amount of garlic in this dish, which helped ease its pungency. - Pork dumplings in chili oil: we ordered this dish based on the rave reviews on this site, however I have to say that it really wasn't all that... I liked the balance of sweet, sour and spicy in the sauce but the homemade dumplings weren't pinched well and fell apart before I even put them in my mouth.Entree dishes:- BBQ whole fish: this was everyone's favorite of the night, hands down. The fish arrived at our table wrapped in aluminum foil, revealing a whole fish covered in a mélange of slivered vegetables, cilantro, peppercorns and chili. I was pretty amazed by how crispy the fish skin was even under the sauce, giving way to impossibly tender flesh. It was seriously an explosion of textures and flavors. Best of all, it was fun to pick at the head and tail - which was so crispy you could eat it like a chip.- Twice cooked pork belly: this was probably the least authentic or traditional rendition of Sichuan cuisine we had all night. The pork belly tasted smoked, which gave the whole dish a different flavor profile which I wasn't used to. The bf enjoyed it though, as he does pretty much every pork belly dish he encounters.- Sautéed string beans: delicious, lightly smashed in the wok with scallions and garlic as it should be. I really liked that the string beans weren't overcooked, and retained their bright green color. The only complaint is that this dish came out almost 20 minutes later than everything else, so I was too full to eat more of it.- Sautéed potatoes with chili and vinegar: this seemingly pedestrian and boring dish was one of my favorite things to eat as a young child. Potatoes are julienned and sautéed raw in a hot wok with dry chili, green chili and green onions so that they are cooked through but slightly al dente. While the one served here doesn't capture the same sentimental value as my mom's creation, it was damn tasty and well done. Finally for dessert, the Shanghainese influence peeked its little head again. We ordered sticky rice balls in a fermented rice wine, another dish I often ate for breakfast and dessert as a child. I thought the rice balls here were good, tender and not too dense, and definitely didn't taste frozen. The rice wine the rice balls swam in however, lacked the tang and punch I love, which made me not want to eat it after two bites.All in all I think Cafe China is a solid place for well-executed Chinese food with a nice ambiance. It will certainly satisfy native Chinese diners, adventurous foodies, and regular Chinese food aficionados alike. It's also pretty perfect for a Sichuan and Shanghainese mutt like me!
Delicious Chinese food restaurant. Amazing actually. Pork and chili sauce dumplings = YES!
I tried this place on a whim while out with my uncle and boyfriend. It was certainly a welcome surprise among the all too often disappointing midtown area. We started off with steamed soup buns, crystal shrimp dumplings, and Spicy Chengdu Wontons. Who doesn't love dumplings? All three were delicious, each with its own amazing and unique sauce. I think if I could do it all again, I would skip an entree and order more dim sum. I had the braised fish in red soup, it was huge certainly meant for sharing. It had a bitter herb in it that I would get a mouthful of occasionally and it really put me off. The entree was alright, not my favorite but it was something new. The men enjoyed their entrees immensely.I would love to return, certainly an amazing surprise!
The food is very tasty and melts in the mouth! The staff are polite, courteous and attentive. I am delighted! Cafe China, you rock!
So delicious!  I love that it is possible to get some Sichuan (Szechwan?  Szechuan?  I blame the Imperial Postal Joint-Session Conference and my buddy wikipedia seems to agree...)  deliciousness for lunch in midtown.  I don't want to cause a ruckus, but that's actually not so easy to do.  What, are you going to tell me to swing by Lan Sheng or Szechuan gourmet further west on 39th for cary out?  Nu UH!  I've tried and tried... I love me some dinner at those fine institutions (wait, do I really talk like this?  dammit) but they just don't seem to care about lunch take out.  Can you blame them?  My guess has always been that they bring in the legit all stars to cook dinner.  Serious chefs who need their beauty rest during the day.  Then at lunch its a couple underpaid kitchen staff who spend their days having their dreams crushed by the man.    That or the owners just know that you can't make money selling your best ingredients at lunch special prices.  Whatever, Cafe China doesn't care about any of that.  Lunch time comes around, they grab some chicken, and just start throwing every pepper they can find at it.  Its not helping the bottom line, its not helping my digestive system, but it IS helping my taste buds.  A lot.  So five stars.
I came here with a large group for a coworker's farewell lunch during a busy weekday lunch-hour. They were able to accommodate extra people in our party as well as a variety of food preferences (vegetarian, gluten free). The food was fast and tasty, service prompt and polite, and the overall experience was very enjoyable.
After seeing this restaurant highlighted on an episode of Unique Eats, the wife and I decided to try it out.  It was close to our office which is located in the vast dining wasteland that is midtown.  The episode was about spicy food but some of the menu items were so compelling it warranted a visit regardless. The item I really wanted to try was the Szechuan duck tongue.  The host on Unique Eats referred to eating duck tongues and watching ping pong as the Asian equivalent to eating Buffalo wings and watching football.  They were as good as advertised.  If you could get past the fact that they are duck tongues, each one of them is like a spicy, ducky, fatty, bite of deliciousness.  I strongly recommend you try them.  The wife while adventurous scanned the menu for something a little less tonguey.  And referencing the same episode went with the Dan Dan noodles.  The best summation of her opinion of that would be that she is constantly talking about them and comparing all other noodles to this dish.   The one bite she allowed me was fiery, flavorful; the noodles were toothsome and the next time we go I will have to get a bowl of my own. The fact that this legitimate high end Chinese restaurant, with attentive service exists within 3 blocks of the Empire State Building is such an unexpected pleasure.  You are doing yourself a disservice by not trying it.
I'm very conflicted on how to rate this restaurant*. I came here for dinner with friends and we enjoyed it very much. I particularly liked the Spicy Diced Rabbit appetizer and Pickle and Fish Stew, both of which were quite spicy. As noted by other yelpers, the service is a little off. Not that the staff isn't pleasant, but there is a little malaise in the air. I suppose I can summarize that the servers are a bit young and awkward, which resurfaced in my second visit.The other day I swung past China Cafe for lunch. I ordered the Shredded Beef with Green Chili....But what I got was Shredded Beef with Green Chili and a Staple!Thankfully, I spotted the unused staple before it went racing through my digestive system, spitting my mouthful into my napkin. Of course mistakes can happen, but I just can't understand what a staple is doing anywhere near my food. The guy apologized and replaced the entree (I ordered something else to be on the safe side and kept a careful eye on my food), but was nonchalant and didn't even buy me my soda....I guess he just didn't get the point!*Appendix. Here's my math: 4 for the food and 1 for the staple averages to 2 1/2, which rounds to a 3.
Upon entering, I immediately smelled armpit odor. I don't know if it was from a customer or an employee but it wasn't very pleasant.Was greeted by a staff member who clearly lacked any sense of professionalism. He asked how many people and I gave him a reply, which was "two people". His response,"Uhhhh okay. Tell that to the host when he is off the phone". Then why bother asking me to begin with if that is clearly not your assigned job? After waiting forever for the host to get off the phone, the host snobbishly seated us and made a huge fuss over it as if he was doing us a favor. Even if you hate your job, try to at least show an ounce of class as you are being paid anyway. Get a grip and get over yourself. The owners should look into this. As for the food, it was pretty good. Had the "five spice beef", "dumplings in chili oil", "three pepper chicken", "spinach with garlic" and the only dish I didn't like was the stauteed string beans. Tasted too much like the oil they were using. I would love to tell my friends about this place but hesitant to do so as I don't want them to be greeted by a snobby host who thinks he is a celebrity or something. His behavior was sooo low-class and trashy. Take an etiquette class or customer service lessons. Just do something to brush up on basic human skills.
I was a fan of this restaurant even before its 1-star Michelin rating. Dishes that I would recommend:- Fragrant fish fillet (steamed fish with scallions, ginger, and soy sauce)- Husband and Wife Special (spicy, and if you don't mind beef tendon and tripe)- Chungking spicy chicken (red hot chili peppers with sauteed chicken, cooked dry, a bit crunchy on the outside)- Steamed eggplant - Bitter melon - Sauteed loofah (I highly recommend)- Pesto chicken (spicy, served cold, with scallion puree on top)
It definitely does not disappoint, although I don't think it's stellar enough to deserve a Michelin star. It just tastes like decent / true to Chinese food.
As someone from China I'd say that this place is kind of unique. The food tastes authentic I mean, the chicken and fish in hot chili oil tasted good. The pumpkin soup(I'm not sure if it's Chinese) was thick and delicious.The Chinese name, Qing Cheng was actually the tile of the most famous novel of Zhang Ailing, a well-known female writer in the 1940s, good to see her pictures and some other Chinese records around.
The host there is super arrogant and got some really bullshit rules. We held a party of three tonight, and she refused to let us seated even two of us had already arrived. The food there is much better than the altitude, but any way it's not a pleasant visit this time , and this is the one star for
Let me tell you a story. How a lamb dish can make the difference. While writing my first review for Cafe China, I could clearly recall the taste of the baby black lamb dish that we had, getting an irrational craving to taste it once again as soon as possible. I got a few issues last time. A pesto sauce that I totally disliked. A rabbit too complicated to enjoy their succulence and a duck tongue that eventually got a texture a bit unpleasant for me. However, that lamb with bell pepper, cilantro and fermented bean curd was delightful on a way that deserve itself over 6 stars. And that is good enough to drag my closest friends on an special celebration.   12 dishes later I can't rate Cafe China below 5 stars.You already know. This is Szechuan cuisine. Be ready for some heat if you order so. It is not gonna kill you but will not leave you indifferent as well. Now, if you feel like you can not handle (and I am not judging...)  then just go with their non spicy dishes; there is plenty and are as good as the challenging ones. You also know how the space is beautiful. Everything looks to be oriented to enchant you. It is delicate, elegant and sophisticated. Very feminine but in a seductive way. Old jazz classics fill up my memories and how much I think it goes with the general character of this place. Reading others reviews I got the impression it is byob only, but they serve for already 2 months wine and cocktails. Well, you have both options. I like byob for obvious reasons. There is a $10 corkage fee per bottle. In addition to this, when parties larger than 6, a 20% gratuity will be automatically apply to your bill. That's fine with me although we didn't realize and gave them more tip. But I am glad we did. Even so we paid only $36 per person in total for more dishes that we should have handle and stayed there for over 2h. Once again, the service was very attentive, not intrusive, friendly and charming, even when the place was pack. While the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil, the Ma Po Tofu, the Snow Pea Shoot with Garlic and the Eggplant in Garlic Sauce were extremely good and among the best I have taste, but at the same time comparable with some of the best rated Chinese restaurants in town (i.e. Fu run), the rest of the dishes were unique and unforgettable. There was fails in my previous visit? sure. Forgettable? definitely They got this ability for duck to taste like pork belly. Not like pork taste is better than duck. I actually don't think so, but I was amuse by that. Bone-in Tea Smoked Duck. You gotta remember this. The meat is surprisingly juicy and succulent. But tastier than pork at the same time, because duck is naturally more flavorful. In addition to this the tea smoke duck exhibits also a pleasant smokiness so predominant without being overwhelming that I loved it right away. There is more. 3 sets of pieces can be distinguish and the difference is the proportion of fat and skin on it. All essentially different but equally delicious. I have to say the skin wasn't crispy at all. But I found this dish a true recreation for your senses. The Husband and wife special (Fuqi feipian) is not only interesting because of the name (don't you think so? read here: chinesefoodfans.com/chin…) but for the combination of flavors and texture. Thin slices of cold beef together with tripe slices as thin as paper, marinated in spices and roasted chili-oil, fresh celery leaves and peanuts. I am addicted to this. And of course, once again there was lamb. This time we went wilder and ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb with chili peppers, onion and cilantro. It is spicy and you know it. Another lamb dish that deserve over 6 stars. There wasn't space for desserts but we ate them anyways. The Fermented Sweet Rice is a bizarre thing to eat. I have try it before and still not sure if I like it. Cafe China's version is the best among the three I have taste. 2 big rice balls are fill up with sesame paste and I recommend you to break it to be mixed with the broth. Then, I can tell I kind of like it. The Sweet Potato Pancakes are delicious. Crispy and creamy inside. Sweet and tasting similar to Natillas (Spanish egg and milk custard) and while eating it alone is a pleasure, please follow me on this: eat them together with their ginger gelato. You will thank me later. That lamb made the difference and first time it happens Chinese food goes to my list of crazy about you. Not only it is the best Chinese food I ever had, but you can count it already among my favorite restaurants to go to.
Ma Po is delicious.  Spicy in the best way - who doesn't want to spice up life a bit lol! Must try this restaurant:-)
Where do I begin? I stumbled upon Cafe China over a year ago and have been here more times than I care to admit. This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in the City.Their Szechuan dish items are my favorite and have mostly stuck with the more inventive dim sum dishes and entrees. Although, I try to order something new each time I have to say the best options are the chili oil dumplings, chengdu wontons, soup buns, pickled veggies, cumin lamb, thrice cooked pork and the 3 pepper chicken. If you don't like spicy, you're out of luck for some of their best dishes.My biggest and only complaint is their lack of service. Do not come here if you want to be wowed by their hospitality. I don't know what it is, if its a cultural barrier or that they know the food is good enough to make people overlook, but they pretty much only interact with you when you walk in, order food and ask for your check. It's frustrating at times and typically that would deter me from coming back, but its so delicious!So do yourself favor, take a break from Chinatown and come up to Midtown East for some seriously amazing Chinese food.
I really loved Cafe China the first time I went because it reminded me of my Grandma's cooking. However, I've been back several times since then and both the food and service have been inconsistent.... That being said, I regularly crave the spicy chengdu wontons and all of the vegetable dishes are really good. Also, the lunch specials are reasonably priced.
The food and service here are excellent - I'm docking a star because I asked for no onions on my dish and they brought it back covered in onions (major communications barrier).The food itself was fantastic - I had some shrimp dumplings and some noodles that were too hot so they did them over more mild for me - such nice and wonderful service.The best part about the place was the price - incredible food for such a reasonable price in such a trendy area - incredible find!!!!
Ordered delivery that was great. Everything tasted homey and they have an extensive menu with food different from other chinese fast food joints. Only complaint is that the soup dumplings didnt have much soup.
My brother Matt and I both work in Midtown, and on Monday, we met up for lunch at our usual spot, Cafe China on 37th Street. A waiter seated us and told us that because it was a holiday, there were no lunch specials. "That's annoying. Do you want to go somewhere else?" Matt asked.read the rest below.  trigger warning:  cockroaches.ruthcurry.tumblr.com/pos…
Maybe 2.5 ish.. ambiance: inside the restaurant, shanghai speakeasy back in the day. the street that the restaurant is on has nothing else and is pretty bland. first off, don't sit near the window if you don't like cigarette smoke as it appeared the chefs kept coming out to take smoke breaks. however the back of the restaurant felt kinda humid.. (?no a/c)service: nice, but sometimes difficult to get ahold of.food: scallion pancakes -- crispy, but really felt like one of the worst that I've tasted, no salt, no scallions tasted, kinda subpar for a chinese restaurantsoup dumplings --- tiny! some soup, ok (I know I am at a Sichuan restaurant ordering Shanghai cuisine but here w/ some out of town guests and really wanted them to try it)3 pepper chicken -- pretty good, likely my favorite dish of the night good amount of spiceskung pao chicken -- ok, not as great as 3 pepper chickensnow peas -- good, but kinda super oily, didn't feel as light and bright as normal Chinese restaurantszucchini (which menu labeled as loofah) -- pretty yummy, but nothing special, as it's basically boil them in water and i'm pretty sure had nothing extra added as they looked and tasted like my parent's. dishes: small for the price (my Houston parents would be aghast), not sure if usual nyc prices.looking around, maybe i ordered the wrong dishes as other tables all seemed to have similar platters.verdict: would not bring my Chinese parents to this restaurant.
I wish I could marry Szechuan food. I know it's not possible, but I don't really care. Szechuan food has never disappointed me, it is always delicious. Always. No matter what. That's what I call a true love. In this regard, Cafe China lives up to my high standards for Szechuan food. It is a couple of steps above your usual Chinese place. The decoration isn't tacky and cluttered, it's well curated and evenly spaced. Everything,  even the warm colors, points to the fact that this is a place to take your time and enjoy your food. They call it "1930s Shanghai" and I agree with that assessment. It feels like a Wong Kar Wai film in there. I came with a Chinese-American friend (definitely helps to come with someone who knows the authentic dishes to order) and we shared: -- Husband & Wife Special. Beef & tripe in chili sauce. So delicious and filling. I was skeptical since it's a cold appetizer but the coolness of it complimented the heat from the sauce extremely well.  -- Double Cooked Pork. A standard must-order when I try a new Szechuan place. I've had better to be honest but this was still very satisfying. -- Mung Bean Jelly. True Chinese restaurants give the best dishes weird names so that only Chinese people will order them. My friend insisted I try this. It was yummy and a welcome break from all the meat we ordered. I leave it up to you to discover this for yourself.-- Green tea. Obviously.There are a good number of fish dishes on the menu so pescatarians are in luck. Vegetarians too -- there's a vegetables menu. And while Cafe China features a dim sum menu, it is extremely limited and I would recommend skipping it for the entrees and cold appetizers.
Quick, DELICIOUS, cute interior...I work a block away..... And I must say....their cooking is pretty legit...... No joke, amazing flavors....it's like everything is marinating for hours because it's so intense delicious, YUM....So yes, I get the lunch specials....and nothing has failed me.... Something about their flavors are hypnotizing..... U want more....I recommend....u.ll leave wanting not to leave
My friends and I had a birthday dinner here once and we were all pretty pleased with the place. The restaurant is classy and has nice seating, but still maintains a comfortable atmosphere. Great for having dinner with friends/family.I'm a vegetarian and was pretty happy with their veggie options, especially since they have some dishes I've never tried before, along with your typical Chinese veggie dishes (eggplant in garlic sauce, sauteed bok choi, mushrooms, etc.). I actually found their menu on foodtoeat.com and saw pictures here on yelp. The 2 put together won me over hehe. Anyway, I had the Japanese Butter Squash with Fresh Ginger and Scallions; perfect combination of sweet/spicy flavors. I really liked that extra kick from the ginger but then again, I'm a big fan of ginger so others might not feel the same. I also had one of my friend's Vegetable Pot Stickers (6pcs in an order) and it really hit the spot. It was warm and soft and had real, identifiable pieces of veggies in there, not just veggie mush that you normally find in dumplings. So all in all, good time.If you go, you should try the Jellyfish in Scallion Pesto and tell me how it is! Sounds really interesting. I've never seen jellyfish on a menu before.
Love this place. Between the space (think pre-war ambience) and location (never expected to find good Szechuan in the 30s), it's a real hidden gem.Dan dan noodles are a must-order. Pork belly, spicy chicken, lamb with cumin are all great. Solid heat, not really a ma la feel, but hot enough to get your attention.Dim sum items were OK, don't really match up well with the better dumpling spots, but passable. Soup dumplings are a little thick, stuck together.
As a chinese, I think the food here is good and authentic. Especially the meat ball soup. It is a Szechwan restraunt with Shanghai style decoration, kind of wierd but very tasteful.
Decent Chinese food but overpriced. The tea duck is amazing. Most dishes are ok but very salty!
Went here for lunch with a large group - we got lucky that they were able to accommodate us without a reservation! The food was excellent, and the service was also great. Make sure to take advantage of the lunch specials!
I want to give this place 5 stars but do not have a refined Szechuan palette so will refrain from doing so...We ordered the mapo tofu, spinach w/ garlin and mung bean noodles and they were all home runs! The portions are huge and the flavors are spot on!There is definitely a good reason by Cafe China is a 1 michelin star restaurant :)
I came here mostly b/c of its location, and because I am trying to visit all of the restaurants on NYMag's 2013 "Places to Eat".  This one was the only one in a location most convenient, so I figured I'd start here.  My sister was a little worried because it said "B" on the door, but I assured her it would be fine since the ratings seemed decent. (power of Yelp)Ordered the husband and wife, pork dumplings, and the beef w/ tofu entree and split it w/ my sister.  Pork dumplings were so delicious that we ordered a second one.  Make sure you drizzle that sauce on!  The Husband & Wife was SO spicy (and I'm Korean), that it ruined that dish for me.  And I realized that I don't even like tripe.  The beef & tofu entree was not too bad - it didn't blow me away, but it was a safe order.  I would only come back b/c the location is convenient and the prices are okay.  Cute ambiance though!
I first looked up this restaurant as a result of a review by Laura A, and after reading her comments on the lamb dishes, I was empowered to look up Cafe China online.  So between a colleague and I, this is how it went:ME:  "WHAT?  They deliver here to work?  Free of charge?"COLLEAGUE:  "You are kidding.  I am craving Chinese.  We need to expand our horizons and try this place."ME:  "DONE.  What do you want to order?"And the rest was decided on choosing two lunch options.  She decided on the double cooked pork, and I opted for their lamb option.  With brown rice, and soup and spring rolls.  You know...the usual!When I called them, they took my order rather quickly (and yes, unlike other Chinese restaurants, they did not even put me on hold) and told me that it was going to take 30 minutes.  Perfect, I thought, considering I had one more quick meeting.Next thing you know, they were calling my office...15 minutes later.  WOW...talk about fast!  They even had me paged 4 times until I told someone to get the food for me downstairs.And the food?  My colleague's pork...tasted very bacon like, but it was good.  My lamb?  It was DELICIOUS.  Now I usually judge many restaurants by the way they cook lamb (as it can be very gamey unless it is spiced and cooked right), and this place passed with flying colors.Maybe one of these days I will venture down to them to try for dinner as well.
overhyped, overpriced, and over crowded..expect to wait up to an hour on weekends for pricy mediocre food...don't think I will ever come here again for people that don't know real Chinese food
*Gasp* An atmospheric, nicely decorated Chinese restaurant that doesn't cost an arm and a leg AND has fairly decent food?! Where am I, Shanghai? Speaking of which the decor does suggest 1920s Shanghai, with a lot of old school actresses/singers posters/photos. I came with a group of coworkers for lunch and it was pretty good, typical Chinese lunch menu. Their lunch menu at least didn't have that many Shanghainese specialties so doubt this restaurant's food is really specific to that city's cuisine (ie don't expect fantastic xiao long bao or hong shao rue [red braised pork]). Overall I think it's likely a very good date dinner spot that won't break the bank and is a fairly unique concept.
Have to update my review about this place. Been coming here very often in the past 2 years. Though there are many Sichuan restaurants in midtown I think Cafe China quite different. My husband orders lunch delivery from this place a lot and he said the delivery men were very nice. I took off one star because it's comparatively expansive, and all the dishes come in smaller portions compared to the same dishes in other sichuan restaurants in the area.
I love this hidden little gem in NYC! My boyfriend knew the owners and took me here over New Year's and it was FABULOUS. We started off with two cocktails (I had the lykke lychee one). Once our friends arrived we orderedJellyfish in scallion pesto - great texture, crunchy and fresh, washes down cleanPork Dumplings in Chili Oil - did this based on all other reviews. YUMChungking braised fish in red soup - if you're going to a Sichuanese restaurant, you can judge their quality by how they make this particular dish. Most of the times I've had this (shui zhu yu) it's always been too heavy and oily, but amazingly, this dish retained all the awesome flavors Sichuanese food is known for and doesn't feel heavy on the stomach. I have to come back again for this!Tea smoked duck - a great non-spicy dishSpicy Cumin Lamb - the flavors weren't as a hit on this one, but seriously, still goodTheir lunch menu is quite affordable too
Make reservations! This place gets packed! Went with a group of 6 and had made reservations and were seated exactly on time. I went with a few taiwanese friends who ordered so I will write a description of the food as best as I can. We ordered the dumplings in sweet chili sauce, the black lamb, the fish stew, the fish in brown sauce, orange pork, Chinese broccoli, and had jasmine tea. My favorite dish was the black lamb. It was tangy, spicy and packed a very powerful taste. It was so good, I ordered another order to go! This place is eclectic in decor, authentic in taste, and I would love to go again. It is a potentially great date spot and not bad for a small group. The service was good and the food again, was awesome!P.S. The dumplings in sweet chili sauce was great, but a tiny bit too sweet.
First time I was introduced to Cafe China, I went to dinner with my bf... The decor of the place is really really nice, the server was very knowledgeable and gave us awesome advise. And the food was yummy!!!! The shrimp dumpling - I could not get enough... The mapo tofu, I think I ate the whole thing. I love spicy food. I love Cafe China. And then I discovered although I work 20 blocks away, they still deliver for lunch!!! Since then, I think I order at least twice a week! The lunch is a still. The MaPo tofu is delicious (I don't eat meat), same with braised fish with tofu. Service, I think is great. If delivery is going to take longer than announced, they call you to ask if you want to cancel your order! Who does this nowadays?! This is awesome. My braised fish once came without tofu, I got a free lunch without even asking. No seriously, the guys do a great job, they use no MSG (ok I have no way to prove it but they say so) and the food is very good...I am a very proud faithful customer of Cafe China.
I've always come here during off hours - at 3pm or so it's quiet, cozy, and absolutely my favorite place to eat in Midtown. The mapo tofu and the pea shoots are delicious, as is the pickled cabbage. Spring rolls are the only "meh" thing I've had on the menu. Honest-to-goodness, forreals Sichuan food, made with good, fresh ingredients.
Cafe China is Zagat 2014 rated and supposedly has a michelin star, though i'd like to check both facts. With a pretty dim 'antique' interior and radio music, staff seem more interested in each other and fheir mobile devices than its customers. Squash soup was bland and full of msg, shredded duck with peppers and ginger had only the remotest suggestion of ginger and tasted like last nite's left over scraps. Soy sauce i asked for was put on the table with a smack, asking for the tab did not imply clearing the table. Maybe a solitary female customer does not deserve any better? This is a rather upscale section of Manhattan,...
Found out about this place via NYT and am SO glad I did. The best service I have ever had at an asian restaurant on top of really great food. My group ordered the tea duck, bang bang chicken, veg dumplings, ginger scallion tilapia, ma po tofu, and green beans. My least favorite was the dumpling; the wrapper was a bit tough and the filling not so flavorful. The bang bang chicken had a great slight spice and peanut flavor. The duck was juicy and lightly flavored. The tilapia was tender and fell right off the bone. My two favorites were the ma po and green beans. The ma po tofu was not at all too spicy and had a great mix of spices on the custard-y smooth tofu. The green beans were cooked perfectly and the fried onions had a great crunch and saltiness.We also got the pastry and lychee for dessert. Both were fine, not highlights, but also not disappointments.As I said earlier, the staff were really friendly. The place is clean and decorated in a modest way that hints at 1920s Shanghai.
More expensive than other Chinese places, but in exchange for the higher prices, you get better quality food with a lot less grease.  They're a little more upscale and modern than your average Chinese restaurant. The interior reflects this as does their offering of brown rice. A friend and I got the mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, and the scallion pancakes.  The mapo tofu was fantastic, much better than your average mapo tofu.
Just ate lunch here. Was really great. The scallion pancakes were awesome. The Pork dumplings in Chili Oil were the BEST! My pork "sandwiches" (buns) were just okay- not much flavor. The atmosphere was lacking but it didn't matter because the food was so good. I would definitely go there again.
Chilies and Sichuan peppercorns have become staples of my diet.  It is fair to say I am addicted to Sichuan cuisine.  I have been to many of the Sichuan restaurants in Manhattan and Flushing, but hands down Cafe China is the best so far.  Aside from just raw spice (which there is plenty) Cafe China takes NYC Sichuan to the next level by using incredibly fresh ingredients.  Even my picky locavore-loving vegetarian friend was blown away by her meal.  Another plus is the stylish decor, a world apart from the typical Grand Sichuan.  This place is definitely worth the trip to the dead zone area it resides.I still have a lot more to try by here are some recommended dishes:- Baby cucumber (so crispy fresh and flavorful)- Dan Dan Noodles- Chungking Spicy Chicken (this was awesome)- Stir-fired assorted mushroomsLast tip:  It's BYO for now, but there is a liquor store around the corner on Madison.
We tried Cafe China because owners have been claiming publicly that they provide "an experience that is unlike any other Chinese restaurant." We were skeptical! First of all, the décor of Café China is wonderful - quietly sensational and elegant, evoking the mood of a long-ago Shanghai. We asked ourselves "Are we really in Midtown Manhattan?" As our dishes arrived, I discovered my favorite - the Fish Blossom, a crispy whole fish in sweet and sour sauce, which melted in my mouth, was tender, flavorful and expertly cooked. The Tea Smoked Duck with a sweet sauce was heavenly! In my culinary past, I have unfortunately eaten too many limp and bland cold noodles, so I was surprised and found myself LOVING Café China's cold noodles Szechuan style, which are not served as an ordinary staple but as a delicacy. Another highlight was the Shredded Tripe in chili oil, which was VERY HOT and out of this world! Perhaps some of the dishes may be too exotic for the timid eater, such as "Mao's Blood Tofu Stew" and "Ox Tongue with roasted chili-peanut sauce," but I've heard there's no place outside of China that serves such unusual creations.After the main courses, the grand finale arrived -- a sorbet called "Coconut Ripieno," served in a natural coconut shell. Following the hot and the spicy dishes, this cool sorbet extinguished the fire in our palates, and reminded us of the heroic efforts of New York's finest firefighters! A shiver of pleasure arose from our party! All this wonderful eating took place in an atmosphere that is warm and friendly, made possible by the kind staff and the owners Yiming Wang and Xian Zhang. Again, we asked ourselves "Are we really in Midtown Manhattan?!" Finally, this question -- is it true that Café China provides guests with "an experience that is unlike any other Chinese restaurant?" If I say yes, I am afraid you won't believe me - I recommend that you try it for yourself - this sensational and highly original Café China.
well，many of my friends say this restaurant is super nice...so I tried yesterday. Just as the normal Szechuan Gourmet, nothing special. And really expensive compared with the dish size. we ordered Chongqin Braised Fish, $26 with small size I've ever seen, not even enough for two girls. Mouth watering chicken is ok, can't taste how fresh the chicken is. the worst one is the vegetable dish: loofah. It's bitter!! VERY bitter! It is because  they didn't peel it well. I gave 3 stars because of the decor is good and the braised fish is good except the size. And they took the vegetable dish away after we said it taste bitter, didn't charge us. Won't come back and won't recommend other friends.
Walking in via the wide-opened doors of welcoming, China cafe brings you back to the old Shanghai- the melting pot of east and west: the pastel green walls, antique furnitures, copper chandeliers with creamy light bulbs, royal blue velvet booth, and an old type-writer which resonates the sound of efficiency.Food- AWESOME!  The menu offers both classic and exotic food. I tried the frog legs sauteed with red peppers and scallions-so tender, silky, and juicy. Must have.  And I love their dark sweet and sour sauce which makes the crispy fish all the more tasty.  The mixed mushroom is another must have.  They are thinly slices, very chewy yet very smooth .  I also had the lovely mung bean curds and cold noodle as appetitzers.  They were so refreshing. The desserts are remarkable.   I love my chocolate cheese cake.  And once you put your spoon in, you just cannot let it stop!  Another must have is the coconut sorbet. Its feather light texture just melts in your month. And added bonus- it comes in a coconut shell.  So cute!
They used lots of "Howajan" (dried Chinese pepper) for Ma Po Tofu which tastes "genuine" to me.
Fantastic group Szechuan experience - everyone loved the dishes and the classy decor.  We were lucky enough to have our savvy Chinese friend along to pick out the most delicious dishes!  Tip #1:  you can't go wrong with the dishes starting with "Chungking" -- those turned out to be smash hits at the table.Tip #2:  they don't have their liquor license yet, so it's BYOB (Doh!  Wish I had known this before going!!)We whetted our appetites with the Husband and Wife Special, ox tongue and the most tender-yet-crisp beef tripe lightly coated in a delicious roasted-peanut sauce.  The chili oil was some of the cleanest I've tasted - it was flavorful and not heavy.The bang bang chicken was strips of chicken in the same spicy oil, nothing special to write about here.Next, a series of fantastic dishes came out - a smoky and well-marinated tea-smoked duck, its skin crispy and meat juicy.  Baby black lamb, succulent and not overly game-y, complemented by refreshing strips of sautéed bell pepper.  Now, onto the Chungking highlights of the night!  Chungking braised fish in a white, non-spicy broth.  The flavorful broth truly infused the flaky white fish with flavor, and was the perfect compliment to all of the spicy dishes we had been eating.  AND:  Chungking spicy chicken.  These were the most beautifully presented fried salty juicy chicken morsels I have sunk teeth into in all of NYC.  And that's saying a lot.  It was simply a beautiful sight to behold: a clean white plate slid onto our table, filled with a steaming toss of fried chicken and chili.Szechuan in an ornately decorated, well-ventilated, romantically-lit environment?  This place could go from intimate group dinner to date night with no difficulty.
Michellen Star rated and I completely agree. When you first walk in, it feels like you are a french style restaurant serving Szechuan Chinese food. In comparison to typical authentic Chinese restaurants, the food is a little pricier. The dumplings in chili oil and smoke tea duck were excellent. The hot and sour soup was tasty, but I didn't feel like it had enough spiciness to it.Tip: Be sure to make a reservation, the place fills up fast and the dumpling (for 2-3 people) and soup (for 1-2 people) portions are small.
I can't believe I have to give this place even one star... that's one star too many. I've been to bad restaurants before...but I never bothered to review because I figured I don't have to go back. But this time is different: the amount of salt they use makes the food borderline dangerous, if not fatal. We ordered six entrees--baby black lamb, tea smoked duck, braised fish, mapo tofu, three pepper chicken and steamed fish--and they were all inedible. At the first bite, I didn't believe my own taste buds, but by the third bite, my tongue felt as though it was being pickled. When I looked up, everyone at the table looked completely dismayed. We ended up eating a lot of rice and consumed a ton of water. In hindsight I should have send the food back... all of them. I asked them to pack up the food to go, but I don't know why I bothered as I knew they will end up in garbage on the side of the street. Now that I'm home, I feel like I just returned from a 16-hour flight from China--dehydrated with an upset stomach and a pair of swollen feet.
It's different but in a good way. Cafe China is not a quickie in & out Chinese restaurant with mismatched furniture & a Chinese zodiac calender on every table. It's actually....nice. Upscale decor but still homey dishes. I tried the MaPo Tofu ($11) & Dan Dan noodles ($6), both of which were traditional & delicious. The tofu isn't as spicy as many places, but I like that my mouth wasn't on fire the entire meal. I'm sure you could ask for it extra spicy. The Dan Dan noodles tasted super fresh, like the noodles were made right before making the dish. The menu is traditonal, suprising since it's outside Chinatown & in Midtown no less. Some items on their menu:-Fish Blossom: crispy whole fish in house made sweet & sour sauce-Baby Black Lamb (...I wonder what the taste difference between lamb colors is)-Salivating Frog, bone-in (um, I have no idea)-Tea Smoked Duck-Duck Tongue wtih peppercorns-Jellyfish in Scallion pestoSo, Cafe China offers an adventurous menu along with the staples, if you ever want to venture away from Kung Pao Chicken.
Nice place with a solid lunch crowd.  I go with a friend who shares my love of spicy food and we get the Braised Fish with Tofu (lunch special) and an order of Sautéed Bitter Melon (vegetarian section) and we split it.  The  combination is amazing.  We never would have order the Bitter Melon, but a contact from Szechuan recommended it - nice.
I found Cafe China to be really charming & pleasant. It's not the type of restaurant that I would be wowed by at first glance for a few reasons, but I am glad that I gave it a shot, particularly for dining in. First, the decor here is perfectly chic without being pretentious. I felt like I was having a meal at a friend's home. The menu had a great variety of options and our food came out with lightning speed. I ordered a sliced duck entree cooked with bell peppers & served with a side of rice. Though simple, I thought the dish was perfectly delicious & satisfying. I will say that the prices are a bit on the high side, but considering the neighborhood, it could've easily been twice as expensive. I would make Cafe China a regular, especially for lunch takeout,  if it wasn't so pricey. But I would love to come back again, most likely just for special occasions.
Cafe China was selected by a foodie friend of mine as a meet up for about 10 of us.  He had previously been here and raved about the food.  I was excited to eat here, as hes is REALLY picky.  The decor is nice and not what you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant.  Our table was neat and clean, although the tables were a bit high, or the chairs were a bit low.  Our foodie host ordered MANY dishes for the table.  Most everything was pretty good, if not a bit greasy or oily. Some stand outs:-Pork dumplings in chili oil - great flavors-Mouth Watering chicken (Take heed - bone IN!)-Steamed soup buns - I can eat these all day-Lightly sauteed lotus root - just simple and clean flavors.-Pickle and Fish stew (best dish of the evening by a LONG shot)Disappointments (sad face):-Tea smoked Duck - flavor was good, but dish was soggy.-Braised Pork Szcheuan style - no flavor!!  None whatsoever!!! The accompanying Chinese cabbage and greens were good, but the pork itself was a major let down.Naturally, these were the 2 dishes I was most sprung on after menu perusal.  Such is life...Also, no rice...??? Maybe we had to ask for it.  *shrug*The others things were ordered (string beans, Chinese broccoli, eggplant in garlic sauce, Kung pao chicken, Ma po tofu) were all good, but tasted kinda similar to what you'd get from a take out joint.  Maybe since we were a bigger party, they hustled to prepare the food and so something was missing?  I don't know.  All in all, I'd certainly come back.  The staff was really friendly and accommodating and the food was good despite some let downs.  Hoping another visit will bring about a 4 star rewrite.
Authentic Chinese food. PERFECT for the Joy Luck club or Mah Jiang or just a group of ppl who want Chinese food.Minus 1 Star -  it is TOO CLEAN. It doesn't remind me of REAL Chinese food because real Chinese food should be dirty. Like ODB.
Such a cozy, delicious place, very unexpected in midtown. Great cocktails, long menu chock full of great Szechuan dishes. Helpful staff. Several big tables for larger groups. What more could you ask for?
Perfectly Spicy!! Everything we tasted was super yummy! Duck tongues yumm
Great place - loved the decor. It reminded me of some Communist China/underground seen, with some lovely music. Soft and jazzy.  The food was very good. Desert (sweet sesame dumpling) - my favorite
I've been here couple of times and this restaurant is still growing up. Menu is getting good such a mild spicy, reasonable price as well. I still miss one of yum dessert called sorbet but no more.Staff are kind^^ it's local style casual restaurant and they deliver foods.I like this spot and you should try!
Excellent place to go for the NYC foodie that's sick of overrated, trendy restaurants. The decor is cool without trying too hard and the menu is stocked full of goodies for the adventurous eater. The owner mentioned that they were trying to emulate 1930s Shanghai in the design, and I think they've done that successfully. It's definitely a spot you can come to dressed casually, but it doesn't feel cheap.I wouldn't recommend coming if you're looking for the average Chinese menu - there's no beef and broccoli or sesame chicken on the menu. What you will find instead is braised eel, whole fish cooked in traditional Chinese garnishes, and cold dishes such as chicken in spicy sesame oil and tripe. They have a small dim sum menu, and while good, I found it to be slightly overpriced compared to the rest of the menu. I thought prices overall were great for the quality of the food (e.g. 11 for garlic eggplant, and they do it very well here). The server seemed new and a little nervous, but was very nice. Pieces of Wrigley's DoubleMint gum came with the check, which completely brought me back to my childhood and conjured up echoes of the old jingles - I thought that was a really nice touch. I recommend this place to anyone who wants an authentic Chinese experience - this is your chance to try all those things that have been overshadowed by the siren call of the sweet and sour chicken! (we've all been there, no judgment)
I bought my family here for a late night dinner that was off the beaten path after scrambling through Midtown to Downtown and back on Labor Day weekend. The atmosphere was quiet and casual and the staff was courteous and friendly. My party of four ordered the Tea Smoked Duck which was crispy and moist and delicious, the Dan Dan Noodles which were spicy, peanut-ty and also delicious, the Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs that every one enjoyed but me, ( I found them to be too sweet but that's my own preference), the Crystal Shrimp Dumplings (all but my husband loved) were wrapped in the most moist and delicately chewy casing, and the Chengdu Spicy Wontons which were soft, spicy and had the satisfying heat we had all hoped for. My table devoured them. Also of good mention were the sauteed mushrooms. My entire tables only downfall was the Kung Pao Chicken. Unfortunately, even though the chicken was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, the huge chunks of sliced ginger blew out each of our palettes at the moment of impact. Even after the taste had subsided we were all cautious to reach for more. It's a shame because we all agreed that if that ginger had been finely chopped, it would have been a great dish but we couldn't get past it the way that it was. Lastly, the water was room temperature which I did not care for. I like ice water especially when it's hot and I'm eating spicy hot food. Overall, I would definitely go back.
I see great potential in this place.  I think my rating is more 3.5 stars, and I'd say that is due equally to the food, the service, and the decor.I went to dinner at 7:30 on a Friday night with  a party of three and no reservation, and was seated immediately in the back dining room.  Service was attentive but not rushed, which I appreciated.  The menu is extensive in its variety, and you'll want to try everything.  We shared a few entrees and a number of appetizers, and it was all well-prepared and full of flavor.  (I'll admit though, I could eat much of the duck tongues.  That was a texture I could not wrap my brain around-- but still, good flavor, and was I glad to try it.) We tried a few dishes that were supposed to spicy, and I was expecting a lot more heat than we got.  Only one dish had any lingering heat and tingle (I think it was the mouth watering chicken).I really enjoyed the fact that I could get authentic Chinese food in a sophisticated yet casual setting for a very good price.  This would be a great place to bring a large group since you'll want to get a lot of plates to share, and you'll walk out feeling you got more than your money's worth.  There was no liquor license yet when I visited, so you may want to call ahead and see if they are serving yet, or if you should bring a bottle.  And there are still some new-restaurant jitters in evidence-- the staff was clearly feeling slammed with the number of patrons on a Friday night, and they had already run out of the frog when we arrived-- kind of disappointing.  We ordered something else instead, but they put it on our bill anyway.  To their credit, the quickly fixed the error when we pointed it out.So, I'll be looking forward to going back and trying a bunch of dishes we didn't get to on the last trip.  I have a feeling soon this place will be running like clockwork and will become a favorite on many people's lists.  I'm certain that was the first and last time I'll walk into this restaurant on a Friday night without a reservation and get seated immediately-- and that's a good thing.
Indeed some fair family cooking style. Southern China decoration, Szcechuan cuisine, and background  French music, pretty fusion I think. Dishes were all standard, somehow the  Lightly Sautéed Loofah could have been better if all skin had been peeled off carefully and completely.Impressive with their servers, the whole table orders were memorized without writing them down! Would I go back? maybe, if I am in the neighborhood.
Pretty decent while nothing you can't get somewhere else for cheaper/better.Just know if you eat here its strictly for the location and you'll be paying midtown prices instead of chinatown/flushing. So if traveling is not a concern to you, head to chinatown for same quality food for half the price. Or trek to flushing for better and cheaper real chinese food.
I have only done home delivery, so I can't tell anything about the restaurant, but on the website it looks inviting to me. I would go if I was living near.Anyway, I ordered my absolute favourite Sichuan dish: Mapo tofu, and for the first time eating this outside of China I was actually having the feeling I ate an authentic version of this dish. It was really good.Other things we ordered were as well tasty, fresh, and looked good. Too bad I had a very thick back hair in my veggies last time I ordered... such a turn off - and it was definitely not mine, I am white blond.So if you live in Midtown, or are around, and really need some authentic Sichuan food, I can recommend to order/go here.
I discovered Szechuan Chinese food in 2009 during an epic meal at then newly-opened Lan Sheng.  It was an eye-opening experience; the flavors and dishes completely reshaped my view of Chinese cuisine. In the three years since, Manhattan has seen an influx of new Szechuan joints all over the city; Hot Kitchen in the East Village (get the Mei Shan Beef), Legend in Chelsea (get Mapo Tofu and white fish w/ cabbage), Land of Plenty on the Upper East Side (get crispy lamb w/ cumin), and Mission Chinese, which traveled all the way from San Fran to the Lower East Side (get everything).  Cafe China, located on 37th street just off Madison Ave in the no-man's land of Midtown East, opened in fall 2011 and has been on my to do list ever since, especially since it received a 2-star review from Pete Wells in the NY Times in May.  I was rolling solo Monday night and in the mood for mapo tofu with ground pork - my barometer of a great Szechuan restaurant - and decided to check out Cafe China.Mapo Tofu can easily go wrong if it's too oily or there's too much corn starch, but Cafe China's version ($11) disappointed in a whole new way.  First off, it came with no meat in it, something I've never seen before.  Not a problem; the server was happy to add pork, free of charge no less.  The real issues were the bowl and the sauce. Usually mapo tofu is served in a deep bowl, allowing the hearty sauce to cover and imbue the tofu with flavor, making the dish into a delicious stew.  At Cafe China, the bowl was shallow and the sauce was thin and soupy, making the mainly flavorless tofu - which to the kitchen's credit was fresh and silken - into the star of the dish.  Not going to fly with me. Fortunately, the meal was not a total loss.  The spicy Chengdu wontons in Szechuan peppercorn and vinaigrette ($6 for 8 wontons) offered great depth of flavor - at once spicy, smokey and sweet - and great textural contrast thanks to the delicate wonton wrappers and the hearty pork inside.  Will I return? Maybe. The wontons and the service were great, but with Hot Kitchen and Legend much closer to where I live, it will be a tough sell.
A Madison Avenue Chinese restaurant.  I had the Ma Po Tofu and the Kung Pao Chicken.  Both were good but not exceptional.  I was surprised they had no soups and such a limited menu.  It reminded me of Asian Fusion like restaurants in DC's Foggy Bottom.  I was surprised by the high reviews I saw so was a little disappointed.  I still have to try it again.  A more diverse menu would go a long way in my opinion.
I'm no expert when it comes to Chinese cuisine. I'm just as happy eating authentic dumplings in Chinatown as I am eating chicken lettuce wraps at PF Chang's. But a couple of my ethnically Chinese coworkers insisted I try Cafe China and last week I finally obliged.It didn't disappoint. The interior is decorated to look and feel like a 1920s-era Shanghai eatery. You can almost imagine the American businessmen lounging in the booths, smoking cigars and contracting cholera over a bowl of seaweed soup.The food was delicious and perfectly portioned. I got the shredded pork in garlic sauce. It was equal parts spinach, shredded cucumber and juicy fried pork strips. It wasn't overly greasy and cleaning my plate was manageable without feeling 20 pounds heavier than when I came in. I left pleasantly full and satisfied.If you want "authentic" Chinese food and want to avoid the more raucous lunch-hour crowds that you encounter at Szechuan Gourmet on 39th Street, go check out Cafe China. You won't be disappointed.
Lunch here today -- food was OK but the service was poor. Seated quickly, but it took over 10 minutes for a waitperson to bring water and take my order. Another 20 minutes elapsed until my hot & sour soup arrived -- cold. I flagged down someone from the front desk and sent it back. 5 minutes later, my kung pao chicken arrived, and when I was halfway through with it, the reheated soup appeared. Later, the waiter splashed water on the table refilling a glass and used my dirty napkin to (partially) blot it up.The person sitting next to me was having similar issues getting attention/service -- it looked like they only had two waiters on the floor to deal with the midtown lunch crunch.As for the food, the hot & sour soup was OK, albeit somewhat bland. The kung pao chicken was good, with a bit of ma la and attractively presented, but was also on the greasy-tasting side.Cafe China needs to get its service more together at lunchtime.
I never expected it to be so authentic, not in the blatantly spicy way but in a subtle, delicate manner. There is a lot of detail and thought put into the decor, which is adequately reflected in the chef's preparation of the food. The wait time is longer than average, but it is certainly worth it. And I certainly hate waiting for good Chinese food (isn't that the point? No lines for Chinese food?)We got spicy wontons, dan dan noodles, another type of Sichuan spicy noodles (which were actually better than the dan dan) cucumbers, frogs legs, and a few other dishes. I didn't expect much from the food initially, but found it to be stellar. China Cafe ended up being one of the rare finds in the city that blends an amazing menu with a historically-pleasing artistic decor...for upscale Chinese food that is well worth your time and money.
3 only because i give Grand Szechuan International 4 stars for Szechuan cuisine.we were there during the german wine pairing dinner.  that was a really good deal. we tried 1 wine tasting sampler for 10$ then each decided on a glass of wine ($5) to have for the rest of the meal.  I had forgotten that Riesling and Gewurztraminer pair really well with spicy food!duck tongue (friends loved, me no)chicken in pestor sauce - YUM!rabbit - YUM!  too bad the bone-in part was getting in my way.  if there were no bones, i'd be downing that dishpork dumplings in chili sauce - YUMcumin lambbraised fish filetmapo tofuall goodservice was really good.  thank you
Good authentic Chinese food. Service was quite good also.Very casual place. Good for groups.
We have placed delivery orders from them for more than five times in the past two weeks. Today we were suddenly told that their minimum order is 60 dollars when we are just around the corner. Alert to everyone: you are not allowed to place delivery orders from Cafe China unless you have 60 dollars in your order. What an establishment. We have ten other Sichuan places to order from in Murray hill through turtle Bay Area with 100 times better service and telephone manners. They need to constantly remind  themselves they are not the only ones around.
Went back over the weekend. Stuck to a few dim sum dishes, which were really good. Our server was very sweet, though a little slow. Had to knock a star, though, because the toilet in the (only) restroom in the place was absolutely disgustingly filthy. I walked in and walked out because I couldn't bring myself to look at it. Pleeeeeeease keep your facilities clean, it makes a big impact!
I work in the area and was pretty excited about this place. It's got cute decor and a friend had recommended it. Unfortunately, I was not impressed. So here's my advice...Go to Cafe China if you want any or all of the following:.rude and unaccommodating waiters.pot of tea for $8.very soggy rice... OR if you're restaurant hopping. This is a good place for appetizers. Their "mouth watering chicken" was scrumptious.
Look, it's very hard to find good, quality, and still somewhat healthy chinese food for a premium price. This place is that place. I didn't feel like I was 5 pounds heavier several hours later, the food was delicious, and not overpriced. Get the mushroom dish, dan dan noodles, and dumpling in chili sauce. All great dishes.Team smoked duck wasn't too bad either, but not the best I've had.
Like the decor a lot, but nothing else. Tried four dishes, and none of them is a real dishes by its name. Very disappointed because used to think this is an authentic Chinese restaurant, which turned out to be not at all.
Came here with a party of five. All of us were either from China or had spent many years living there. We unanimously thought this was one of the better and more authentic Chinese meals we've had in New York. Not sure if it's Michelin quality, but for sure this restaurant would not be out of place in Shanghai or Chengdu. Just look at all the Mainland Chinese who flock to this place -- they know what good food from home tastes like!Cafe China serves a combination of Sichuan and Shanghainese dishes. We had Scallion Pancakes, Tea Smoked Duck, Chungking Braised Fish, Spicy Cumin Lamb, Pork Dumplings in Chilli Oil, Dan Dan Noodles and veggie dishes. All were delicious and well-prepared. For me the standouts were the lamb, which was bursting with pungent flavors; the pancakes, which brought back a lot of nice memories of eating simple yet tasty home-made dishes in Chinese neighborhood restaurants; and the noodles, which are rarely made well in the United States. The chilli oil sauce for the dumplings was sweeter than what I'm used to, however.Portion sizes are not large for a restaurant in America, but would be considered normal in China and most of the rest of the world.It's pretty rare to find truly good, authentic Chinese food in America. Most of it is Americanized -- i.e. heavy with soy sauce-based gravy and sauces, plenty of sugar, and too many dishes that combine veggies with meat. I actually know a restaurant which asks its waiters to indicate whether the order is for non-Chinese, because if that's the case the cooks will add more sauce and sugar to the dishes. Moreover, most Chinese food in America is prepared by people who, prior to immigrating to the U.S., had never cooked before (my dad was one of them!). But I'm pretty sure that if you ask a Mainland Chinese person, he/she would consider Cafe China to be pretty cool.
This is so unlike any of the Chinese restaurants I have eaten in. It has a soothing ambiance with only touches of Chinese decor. The staff are very attentive, and really listen to what you are asking them. And the food is made with techniques found in other world cuisines as well as Chinese ones.It is located on a quiet side street. And the quiet mood continues inside. Which was perfect for my mood on the day I arrived there for lunch. I just wanted to relax and have a peaceful meal.I ordered Dan Dan Noodles, which were as tender as any freshly made Italian pasta, covered with a mild sauce and scallions. I also ordered the short ribs which were fall of the bone wonderful having been braised almost like a stew in a slightly sweet sauce. Once I mixed the noodles with the short rib stew I was in my groove and very happy.Give this one a try. I think you will like it. I only got to have two dishes and plan to go back and explore the menu more fully. See you there?!
Awesomeness confirmed. I have since had three pepper chicken at at aleast 5 other restaurants in NYC and SF and Cafe China is still the best. God I miss you!
Best "new" Chinese in Manhattan. If you prefer Chinatown-style -- which I do like a great deal -- this is not the place for you. A different type of Chinese food altogether (although you can get some of the standards here). The best thing I can say is my wife has not liked a new restaurant we've tried in literally five years. My 10 year old daughter is a picky vegetarian who hates spice. Her twin brother loves spicy food. My 91-year old father in law worked in Sri Lanka and Africa and REALLY likes spice. My mother-in-law has stomach issues and can't eat anything. I'm originally from Michigan and grew up eating chicken a la king out of a bag. Each one of us walked out of their raving about our meal. I give four stars only because it's a little overpriced (it is midtown, to be fair), and a few more simple vegetarian options besides vegetables over rice would have been good.
In this competitive Chinese food market space,cafe china's dishes are not that different from other Chinese restaurant. However,the 1930's shanghai ambience is super retro and chic. Food wise, not many restaurants serve bitter Mellon and cafe china serves bitter Mellon.Most importantly,the bitter mellon was indeed very bitter! Which was good!!I also highly recommend the spicy duck tongue which is a rare dish offered in Chinese restaurants. It was super spicy, and brought about the numb feeling to your tongue!
There's a new Sichuan Sheriff in town....and its name is Cafe China.  Can't say enough good things about this place.  If you love Sichuan food, than Cafe China is likely the best in the city in my opinion.  Formerly, the crown of best Sichuan in NYC was worn by Grand Sichuan (multiple locations), but Cafe China surpasses in all relevant categories (food quality and taste, ambiance, and staff).  Grand Sichuan service levels have slipped - our most recent dining experience we were told at 830 on a Sunday that the kitchen was closing, our meal was served entrees first and appetizers second, and the staff was nonexistent.  Plus some GS locations, mainly the one on 2nd avenue in the mid 50s, could likely use some reinvestment.Cafe China items I've had and would consider ordering again:Appetizers - Pork Pot Stickers, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, Dan Dan Noodles, Pork Dumplings in Chili Sauce, Soup Dumplings, Sichuan Pickled Vegetables.Entrees - Tea Smoked Duck, Braised Fish with Tofu, Three Pepper Chicken, Double Cooked Pork, Kung Pao Chicken.Sides - Fried Rice with Mustard Greens.My only complaint, we were there on a busy Sunday evening and Cafe China seemed a bit under staffed.
Service is horrible there.  My family & I went into the restaurant and this half man half woman looking creature jumped at my mother and said, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" while I went to tell the girl my name and reservation. Hello Cafe China, you have no waiting area so people would walk into the restaurant and stand around where theres room. What kind of impression do you want to give people, this is our first time and all we can remember is some beast yelling on the top of his /her lungs by the bar.Waiters and lazy waitresses that never cracked a smile ran the ship.  They were all in their 20s, I guess I cant blame them for working the weekend shift??!!Tea- charge $ 8 for tea, I assume $2 per person but only 3 people recd tea cups. How do you justify $2 tea for tiny tea cups in a Chinese restaurant.  This is not TEN RENS where they sell exotic teas.Food is good, comparable to Flushing but who needs to be yells and grunt at ..prices are higher than Flushing and seats are cramped.
I usually order takeaway from this place so cannot comment on the service or experience in the restaurant. I find the food very good. It's reasonably priced and delivery is prompt. One of the best in this area!
I came in here because I loved this restaurant's Chinese name and decor.  Upon entering the place I was immediately in love.  Am I in China?!  This place totally reminds me of the chic little restaurants and cafes in the French Concession area of Shanghai.  I don't know any other Chinese restaurants in NY that have the same unique flavor in decor.  The food here is very authentic Sichuan cuisine.  The dumplings in chili oil is the best I've had.  Cumin lamb has a serious kick to it, but is so tender and flavorful.  I'm normally pretty weak when it comes to spicy food, but I was scarfing it all down with glasses of water like nobody's business.  Sauteed string beans are fresh and crisp.  They go great with the other spicy dishes.  Cocktails are a bit pricey at $12 a pop, but they are delicious and strong!  They are all (or mostly) named after Wong Kar Wai movie titles. Cute! -1 star because the service was very slow.  Especially the drinks.  There's only 1 bartender there and almost every table was ordering cocktails. I just moved to the neighborhood, so I will be going back there again soon to try the other items on the menu!
My girl is fond of this place and I not.. .well she's Asian, I am not so maybe she's right but still, I stand by my 3 star rating.I had the smocked tea duck. I like it because the duck really has a nice smoky flavor but it is a little too fatty... The dan dan noddles are quite good. The Crispy Savory Fish went to the trash after one bite. I am not sure if it's because it was bad or if I dont like this dish but anyway, it went to the trash.
I don't understand what the hype is about - small portions overpriced drinks and waiters constantly pressuring us to leave. Never coming back
I think I've been here once before but perhaps before I started avid yelping.  Some of the artwork and decor looked really familiar to me.  If that's the case, I enjoyed my meal then and again more recently.  It has a charming atmosphere and décor that's a little more unusual for a Chinese restaurant (feels a little hipper).  Some of the dishes I enjoyed were the tea smoked duck, the dandan noodles, and twice cooked pork.  There were a lot of fish dishes on the menu that seemed popular but I wasn't in the mood for fish that day but I would definitely return to try some.
A pleasant surprise in Midtown, and a nice value with the lunch special.  I had the Zha Jiang Noodles, which were delicious.  Minced pork and cucumber in a savory broth with chewy noodles.  The dish was very flavorful, and not nearly as salty as standard "Chinese food."  The service was excellent--both quick and friendly.  And, I really liked the atmosphere; it had a homey, ex-pat kind of feel.  The dinner menu a little pricier than I can handle at the moment, but the lunch special was a steal, and when I'm feeling a little more flush I'd love to come back and try more of their menu.
I would give this place two-and-a-half stars, but I'll round it up to three, because it's in my neighborhood.Chen-du spicy dumplings (wontons?)-  I can't remember the exact name of this dish, but it was very good.  I like my "spicy" food very, very spicy, and this dish delivered.We had one other appetizer, a cold chicken dish.  I was happy they had removed all the bones from the chicken, but the spice/sauce was lacking.  Lamb entree-  too greasyeggplant-  too greasyThe decor was different from typical Chinese restaurants.  1930's Shanghai, I think is what they were going for.  Robins-egg blue walls, dark wood, glass lighting, mirrors.  It was nice I guess..  overall it was a little kitchy, and VERY Brooklyn.I would bring out-of-town guests to this place to eat decent (typical) Chinese food in a cutesy environment.
I've been to dinner several times and am pleased with each visit. It has great old style Shanghai decor with a very relaxed environment. The French Concession comparisons are quite apt. The food is well beyond the standard Chinese menu with a creative and vast menu. The pork "sandwiches" are a must have appetizer and the butternut squash is a good side. I haven't gone wrong with any main courses yet. The owner is quite personable and clearly passionate about his food. Possibly my favorite Chinese in the city.
For a place with a canny, restrained cool atmosphere they can blaze up some awesome Sichuan food. The jellyfish with scallion pesto had a refreshing almost-crunch, like a crazy hybrid of squid with fresh cabbage. And it may take a 4,000+ year old civilization to come up with something as good as their twice-cooked pork belly w smoked tofu and leeks but at least we were smart enough to eat it.
I ordered their lunch special, zha jiang mien...  What a disappointment!It's nothing close to the real zha jiang mien, and it looks like it cost $5.00, instead of $10.00!!!  Never again!!!  Too expensive for what I got!
Very delicious authentic chinese szcheun style food for Midtown.  Prices reflect it, but are still reasonable.Relatively small space, with good service and a nice ambiance, they really pack you in at lunch time though as there can be a wait sometimes.They have nice variety of dishes. Def try Ma Pao TOFU, and Kung Pao Chicken.  There fried rice is also on point, not too oily but lots of flavor.  Also try DAN DAN noodles.  They also specialize in lot of vegetarian dishes as well, which I hear are good also such as sauteed spinach and string beansDef worth checking out.
I went to Cafe China with my friend for lunch. We ordered two appetizers: scallion  pancake and vegetable dumplings. The first one was good but the second one was fine. We ordered one entree which was Fried Lamb with Scallion. They put too much starch in the food. It was also very oily.The service was good. Overall, this place is overpriced. With the same price you can definitely have better food at some other Chinese restaurants.
Great decor, yummy dishes.  The go-to spot when my Chinese family is in town and in need of refined, familiar food.  Also, a great work-dinner take-out spot (they could deliver to Grand Central in ten minutes from order time).  Favorites are the crystal shrimp dumplings, any of the fish stews, fish with tofu, and the wonderful celery and smoked tofu.  Portions are slightly smaller than you might expect from a "neighborhood" Chinese restaurant, but it's worth it.
No doubt the best Chinese food in town.  If the restaurant is in China, I'd give it a 2.5 to 3-star rating at most.  But the overall quality of Chinese diner of New York City definitely give Cafe China one notch up.  If you are looking for serious Sichuan food in New York, this is the place to go.
Ordered Kung pao chicken, asked for extra soy sauce.  Chicken is grisly dark meat chicken.  No spice, mostly awkward seasoning that I can not place maybe a tad soapy tasting?  They included a drip of soy, probably would have been better to not include it at all... I would ask for a refund, but the company bought this lunch :(
Thoroughly enjoyed Sunday lunch at this innovative new Chinese restaurant. service and ambiance were excellent. The food was superb - no sticky sauces, all fresh flavors, beautifully served.
I have been there before and was put off by the attitude of the owner/manager whose nasty face and personality could put a cold shower on anyone.  She looks and walks like she is the "queen".  Since it was New Year's Day and there was nothing open around the area, my friends and I decided to give it a try.  The experience was terrible, even though the food is passable.  I don't understand why people would want to go there with so many other restaurants with better food and service.  The crowd was mostly young which explains that they don' know any better.Don't go there.  They hide their rating of "B" on the side where you can't see it.Josephine Lee
Seriously great. The atmosphere isn't quite date-perfect, but it's a million times nicer than any Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. It's also on the pricey side, and because the dishes are family style, it's difficult to try a wide range of dishes at an affordable price if you're only two people. I'll be returning nonetheless... And I plan to try some of the more adventurous dishes next time around.Bonus: I didn't feel like vomiting afterward (this is huge for me, because as much as I love Chinese food, I always end up on the awful-side-of-full after a meal). I believe this is a testament to the freshness of the food and their use of wholesome/nutritious ingredients  (ie: no MSG or other weird chemicals and oils).
Quite authentic food and cheap when looking at sit-down restaurants in NYC! However when ordering the lunch special, the spring rolls/soup is but a mere morsel, so don't expect too much. Also, when ordering wine, they give you a lot less in a cup than you expect, so don't order this either. Come here for the beautiful setting, decorations not the typical cheesy Chinese dragons and buddhas, but of China in the the 1900s, with touches of European influence.Wonderful sit-down restaurant to bring superiors to!
Upon entering past heavy drapes to keep out the February frigidness, I found myself in a cozy front room with a nice bar. At 6 PM on a weekday, it was not too crowded but the back room (where I was seated in a booth with 3 friends) filled up nicely between then and 8 PM. The service was quite good, we never felt rushed our my water glasses never went empty. I would recommend ordering some Chinese beer in addition to the water as some of the hot and spicy dishes had a good kick to them. We ordered 2 appetizers & 4 mains (2 hot, 2 not) and it was just the right amount for us without having any leftovers or wasted food. For midtown, the quality and pricing of the food in addition to the laid-back atmosphere, makes this a real find!P.S. When we asked how many dumplings were in the appetizer, we were told 6 but were actually served 8...since there were 4 in our party, I'd like to think that our server made the proper adjustment so that a food fight didn't ensue (and everyone got 2)!
I am sure many many people have already expressed their confusion to how Cafe China managed to receive the coveted Michelin Star. Seriously, how the heck did they get a Michelin star? I am really confused. I mean the food wasn't too bad. They are definitely authentic Shanghainese restaurant, which is quite rare in the city. (Most are Cantonese.) While I really enjoyed some of the dishes, some dishes were total misses. I came here three times and every time the experience was just mediocre averaged out by an even share of hit or miss items. The shanghai dumplings were excellent. Mapo Tofu was awesome. But the fried rice was just mediocre. Braised fish in the spicy oil was overwhelming greasy and it make me feel bloated for a good 24 hours. From what I see, I don't really see anything different from other top Chinese restaurants in the city. But, please don't get me wrong. This is an excellent restaurant, and the reason why the reviews can be somewhat harsh is because of the Michelin One Star category. And I am simply reviewing this in relation to other Michelin One Star restaurants I've been to. I am quite confident that they will lose this status at some point.Cafe China's setting is really cool. It makes you feel like you're in a Shanghai cafe. If you are looking to come here, I suggest that you come with a group of friends. At least four or five to share a variety of dishes and really have a chance to experience what Cafe China has to offer. The price is reasonable and the noise level is just right. If you take out the Michelin One Star out of the thought process, anyone will think it was reasonably good.
Great place for Chinese food. One look at the menu and you know its not your regular Chinese restaurant wit hot and sour and egg drop soup. Notable dishes are the Tea smoked duck fried rice, spiced cumin lamb and spicy braised fish. I have tried most of their entrees and haven't been disappointed by them but some are much better than the rest.
Just had a great lunch here: the 3 spice chicken with seaweed soup. Super tasty and  under $10.  A great lunchtime find!
I'm glad to see a good authentic Sichuan restaurant in Manhattan. The old Shanghai decor is nostalgic and very pleasant. A bit crowded but does have a lively happening feel to it. The noise level of course mirrors the busy dining room: loud.What appeals to me though is the food. The dishes are very authentic and just the right spice level, unlike the tendency of other hip Chinese restaurants that serve Sichuan inspired dishes spicy hot for the shock value. The mouth-watering chicken was delicious and the "water" boiled fish was flavorful but not overly spicy.The service was efficient and not intrusive. Go to Cafe China if you're looking for good honest Sichuan cooking  without the Chinatown rudeness and rush.
Be prepared for some serious spice. This is an authentic Szechuan Chinese restaurant in the Korea-town area. Notable dishes are Tea Smoked Duck & Kung Pao Chicken.
Delicious and Authentic Chinese Food! The restaurant is a little hard to find, I was standing in front of the doors and didn't realize I was there until my friend showed up. Decor is so cute inside, all 1930s feel. The food was so good! Every dish definitely had some spice to it, so make sure you tell them mild or you'll feel it. Only comment is the food took a long time to come out and unless you specifically order water, they don't bring you any drinks. it might have been because we were all the way in the back, but the service was super slow.Overall the food was delicious and the atmosphere made up for the lack of service.
I first saw this place on the Cooking Channel watching the show Unique Eats where they featured their duck toungues.  This place is a small and unassuming restaurant in midtown.  Just look for the group gathered outside waiting to get it.  If you don't mind sitting at the bar, there are usually a couple of seats open, which is what we did to avoid the wait.  Their cocktails are pretty awesome.  I had the lychee cocktail which was pretty dangerous.  Ended up ordering the shrimp dumplings, crispy duck and the pea shoots.  They were all so simple yet flavorful.  Portions were enough for two to share.  The ambiance is intimate and the service is excellent.
The disk named "Husband and Wife Special" was amazing. I will definitely come back for that dish. The Spicy Diced Rabbit tasted good but it has more bones than the meat on the dish. So I will avoid ordering that dish. Most of the dishes are spicy, so I would suggest order rice and a juicy drink to balance the spicy spice.
While I liked the interior, I had their mapo tofu and could not finish it. I like mapo tofu and don't mind the spiciness but I thought their version served here had too much pepper. The pepper overwhelmed the rest of the dish.
mouth watering chicken is a must-have, and although the serving size is small, you will be surprisingly fulfilled and happy and delirious over some chicken, seriously. other standouts include sichuan staples, mapo tofu, water boiled beef, dan dan noodles. get everything and then get it again. this place gives szechuan gourmet a run for its money, and as a plus, the decor is reminiscent of old timey shanghai, which is both odd and quirky. the mismatch between the decor + cuisine tickles me. this place is definitely elevated compared to a lot of the other sichuan joints in town, i understand the michelin star. HOWEVER, it reads a little too white-friendly, and perhaps this takes away a bit from its down home authenticity.
Cafe China is definitely under-rated. As a Chinese who had numerous Sichuan food in China (and NYC), this place completely changed my idea of Chinese food in the U.S.! I would highly recommend the Ma Po Tofu, the Three Pepper Chicken, the Zhangcha Duck, and fried beans. I've been to Lansheng, Sichuan Gourmet, Hunan Balcony and many other famous Chinese restaurants and this is what I think the best.
Sichuan food. We got spicy cumin lamb and sauteed duck, both excellent. (Spicy lamb is not that spicy. We were staying away from hella spicy food that night because we had dancing to do.)  Both were amazing. Jo was particularly taken with the decor, which she said was refreshingly non-Speakeasy-ish.
Too much fuzz for nothing. This place has mediocre food and no review from star food critiques should trick you. Plain truth revealed.
We took a short trip back to New York Last month to see the family. Now that I live in Miami, I miss the variety of asian food, as the population is lacking in Florida, so is the food, although not to hate on Miami, we have a great food scene and the Asian food is up and coming.I quickly looked at the bloomberg accumulated list of Michelin starred places in New York and looked to see one that was affordable and walkable distance from my sisters apartment in midtown, and came across this schezuan delight, Cafe China.The take reservations only before 6 and after 9 because of the popularity.We ordered so much food!Dan Dan noodles- were absolutely fantasticDelicious crispy vegetable dumplingsPork dumpling in chili oil- was heaven.We ordered kung pao shrimp which had giant jumbo shrimpand Spicy chicken, which was crispy and had a kick.Mapo tofu ( veg style) was excellent and did not miss the porkAll the food was fresh and delicious and we topped it off with desert of green tea mochi.Loved our experience, and it was very decent priced establishment with authentic food...if you looked around everyone in the restaurant was also asian ( that is always a clue for authenticity. I don't ever dine in popularized Indian establishments unless I think it's true to what I expect for the cuisine) It was also incredibly veg friendly.Would definitely come here again and it deserves it's Michelin star. We pretty much killed all the non-veg dishes since there was only 1 vege person but they had plenty of left overs to salivate over.
Walked into this restaurant on a whim and was completely stunned at how delicious everything was. The restaurant has 1 Michelin star and does not accept tips. The tea smoked duck was incredible
3.5 stars. Came here a while ago in person. Don't really remember if it was amazing but that just says I wasn't blown away. Recently ordered delivery here. Starting my dinner in office aka delivery life. Ordered dan dan noodles and pork dumplings in chili oil. Wasn't impressed by the noodles at all. It was very plain basically just noodles with sauce. I don't think the sauce was that great probably won't order it again. I really liked the pork dumplings in chili oil though. It didn't feel greasy even though the dumplings were soaked in the sauce. Love the vinegar, garlic, cilantro and whatever is in it. Super tasty. The dumplings itself were yummy as well. I've heard a lot of good things about this place and I know delivery doesn't necessarily reflect the quality of the restaurant. I would go back in person and try something different on the menu before I make up my mind about this place ;)!
This place is pretty good. It definitely does not deserve a Michelin star, but then again you are not paying Michelin star prices (we went at lunch and ordered just appetizers and lunch specials... paid just over $20 a person), so I won't ding them for that. But you can get better Chinese food at many many other places. Ordered a few things. Cumin lamb was the favorite, but again lots of other restaurants do it betterPork belly dish which was pretty tasty as well. Dumplings in chilli sauce was quite goodXLB were super fragile (the skin broke so easily), and taste wise were nothing special. Definitely would not order these again. The decor is nice, and I love the no tip policy. Service was friendly too. Will definitely return for lunch
I was invited to join a friend for a group dinner but had already eaten a lot of food for the day so I wanted something light and low calorie. The only thing I could find was the butternut squash soup, which I was told had no dairy/cream or sugar in it - just squash (which was really nice to hear). The rest of the table ordered multiple dishes and seemed to enjoy it but the food looked oily for my taste. Apparently, that is the authentic way food from the region is cooked.The crowd was bananas - probably because the restaurant has a michelin star so people want to check it out. Lots of big groups and the wait time seemed to be super long (of course it was a friday night, so who knows what it would be like midday).I joined the group at 7pm but they seemed to have been there since 5:30 and we were there for a while. In fact, they had to come and tell us they needed the table for another group even though there was still a lot of food on the table.Parking is only available after 7pm.
I have come here a few times, and though it is solid Chinese food, I wouldn't deem it anything extraordinary. My favorite dish here so far is actually the steamed clams, but, admittedly, you can get good steamed clams in most good Chinese restaurants in the city.This is not to say that I will stop coming here -- everyone needs a reliable Chinese food restaurant to come back to when you're sick of maintaining a diet.
It's Michelin Star, need anyone say more? I recommend the kung pao chicken lunch special, but everything is delicious and fresh here. Tip: go around 1130-1145 like most anything else in midtown and you'll beat the lunch rush.
The 8 dollar Wonton Soup isn't bad but is a small portion.  Don't expect it to be a meal.
Simple but tasty! I'm not a huge fan of spicy food and I come from an area where people traditionally don't consume any chilli. So I will say this restaurant may not satisfy you if you are looking for extreme spicy sensation. That aside, I love every dish I tried at Cafe China. My favourite is lotus root. It's not spicy (not just mildly I can't remember), but it's beyond imagination!
Cafe China is a few blocks away from my office, so I've come here several times with my coworkers.  I've dined here for both lunch and dinner, but the best time to come is before 12pm on weekdays to avoid the midtown lunch rush.  Also, there are really great lunch special deals that is essentially a choice of appetizer (spring roll or hour and sour soup) entree and white or brown rice for only $12. The best thing is that there is NO TIPPING and you will see "No tipping" throughout the menu.  This is because the prices already reflect tips. My favorites that I highly recommend are:1.  Pork dumplings in chili oil 2.  Twice-cooked pork belly3.  Fried rice with shredded duck4.  Eggplant in garlic sauceCafe China is 1-star Michelin rated, and it's hard to believe because the food is actually really affordable!  It's also much more clean and modern than your typical Chinese restaurant, but it's nothing too fancy at the same time.  I'll keep coming back!
After having a great time at Fine & Rare with my group, we decided to try this Michelin star rated Chinese place.  We were all surprised to find this cute looking place would be Michelin star rated (multiple times!).  It didn't look fancy like I've stereotyped in my mind all Michelin rated restaurants to be.  Unfortunately, we weren't able to dine-in because the wait was too long and it was too cold outside.  Some quick internet searching showed we could order online and have it delivered!  Score!Or... not score.   I like spicy food and boy is this spicy but that's not why I didn't like it.  It seemed like there wasn't much flavor there, despite it being spicy.  I was bored with all the dishes we ordered.  We got the dan-dan noodles, which are one of my favorite noodle dishes and this wasn't flavorful at all.  It's like they put in the spice and forgot to add any other flavors to it.  It's like taking ground beef and putting hot sauce on it with no salt or other seasonings.  Another dish we got was the "Chungking Spicy Chicken" and boy was it spicy.  I mean, it was just a sea of red hot chili peppers playing a sold out concert on the pieces of chicken.  It was red.  Again, not terrible to be that spicy but it just wasn't very tasty.  It was just ok.  And then last but not least, we ordered the cold Szechuan noodles that had a slight tasting of peanut but again, just bland.  Maybe it's better if you eat in person?  I'm not sure but based on the delivery, I wouldn't order from here again.  I might give it a chance in person but the jury is still out on that one.
This is hands down the best Chinese restaurante I've been to in this area. No tips! That means service is included in the price, as it should. I was treated extremely well by everyone. At the end they even gave me chewing gum! Where do you see that? I'm a vegetarian and the choices were plenty. I chose a Zsenchuan plate (eggplant) and the taste was out of this world. I'll definitely be back here!
Great food, great staff, cool atmosphere. Café China is a hidden jewel in a not so hidden part of East Midtown on E. 37th Street. Since opening 6 years ago they have won various awards. We walked over from our hotel on a Friday night and saw the line to get inside as we came around the corner. Once we got inside to put our name of the list for a table we were told it'd be 1.5 hours for the dinning room and 45 minutes for the bar. Surprisingly, 30 minutes later I received a text to let us know our table was ready. Once at the bar we were greeted by the bartender and a server. They were both really cool and explained to us the different cocktails and what they thought we'd like to eat based on what we told them we were in the mood for. Overall, I give the meal a solid 4 out of 5 stars. My favorite dish although we tried many were the Dan Dan Noodles with minced pork. They were so good! Also, the scallion pancakes were yummy. I tried the Lucky Lychee cocktail and I must say even though I felt the glass was small for a $15 drink, it was out of this world! If you like spice definitely try one of the spicy chicken dishes. The next time I'm in NY I'll definitely be back but I'll probably make a reservation on Yelp in advance to avoid a wait.
This is the last and the only one of Michelin starred Chinese restaurant in New York. Once there was a Hankassan.  Now Han was downgraded. This place is over priced. Food was mediocre with little portion. The table was greasy. Waiters were always busy.
Excellent food, at a very reasonable price for the quality. Not a super imaginative menu, but very well prepared staples. Must visit.Our soup dumplings all came poked and empty, but we got another free batch to make up for it. So all's good!
I'm from Sichuan so I know my Sichuan food the way it's served in China - from the street food to normal restaurants to the fancy ones that are served in hotels. This food falls into the latter group - Cafe China attempts to make Sichuan food "upscale" and artistic. In my opinion, Sichuan food is just not made for "upscale" or artistic. You can use organic free range chicken for Chongqi chicken, but in the end, Chonqi chicken is a colloquial, meant to be eaten among friends and friends in a casual setting. Same goes for Husband and Wife (夫妻肥片) - it's hard for me to see how you can make beef tripe "fancy". I think Sichuan food is best enjoyed in a casual setting. For the "fancy" version, it's better to try it as fusion food. I do like the fact that they do no tip though, price tag seems reasonable enough.
This was my first ever experience dining at a Michelin starred restaurant and it exceeded all expectations. I dined with friends and we shared a few dishes like it was family style. We had a fish, vegetarian, chicken, lamb and pork entree. We also ordered a few vegetable appetizers plus dim sum style snacks. Most of us ordered drinks and a few stuck with water. Everyone was amazed by the affordability relative to the quality of the meal. The staff was very attentive and responsive. Well worth eating at and spending time in the quant atmosphere - solid place for a date. This place is a must at least once while in NYC
Finally found a "go to" for Chinese delivery in the area. Pricey for sure, but paying for quality and taste.  Ordered the cumin lamb, eggplant and kung pao chicken...all great!
Despite a couple hiccups with our experience:-They forgot to give us the dipping sauce for the tea duck (we were wondering why the duck was on the blander side, and just realized while looking through the photos)- There was saran wrap/plastic on our mochi dessert...I will still be back! The food is incredible (even my dinner mates who don't like bitter melon said it was pretty good, and that cumin lamb is #goals) - so good that it almost makes me wish I lived in Midtown so that this could be my standard Chinese takeout spot.
Finally!  I've found a restaurant with food that reminds me of the real Chinese food I ate in China.  I had high hopes for this place, just by checking out their menu before-hand and it didn't disappoint.  Everything about this restaurant was right on point.  The decor was elegantly simple, the atmosphere relaxed, noise level just right to talk with your companions all night, while the service was attentive, helpful and non-invasive.  It is the food, above all, that will have me coming back.  We ordered the pork dumplings in chili oil, which were delicate and melted away in my mouth - and yes, you really could drink up that chili oil it is so good.  For main dishes we ordered the tea smoked duck, which was so tender it seemed impossible, a sauteed sole fish dish that was deliciously simple with fresh mushrooms and bamboo shoots which was a perfect compliment to the third dish we had - the spicy cumin lamb - my favorite!  It was so complex with garlic, onions, ginger and spices, it really reminded me of one of my most memorable meals in China from the Xinjiang region.  Well done!I walked away with a big smile in my belly and wouldn't recommend going anywhere else for my Chinese food experience.
hum, I came here with my mom because it was close to where we were and my friend mentioned there's a Michelin stared restaurant. This place received one star, i assume is something amazing. But I took my mom there and it was just normal. Maybe is the high expectations. But honestly, I had better....The place itself was ok, clean compared to other 'Chinese' restaurants. Servers are all pretty young and nice. We came here for lunch, but didnt really order anything from the lunch menu. instead, we tried the famous shanghai fish dish and some spicy healthy dish as well. The food was seriously just normal, i didnt think it was anything special, and compare to normal chinese food, it is pretty pricy. If i want some real sichuan or spicy chinese food, i can honestly go to 39th and try the other restaurant which is way more authentic. bottom line is, if you just want to grab something to eat during lunch or whatever, just a normal meal at a normal day, come here, dont expect anything abnormally amazing. it was just way too normal for me and i prob wont come back again considering theres so many other amazing restaurants out there and i would rather try.But it is not a bad place thou. :)
We ordered four dishes. And every one of them was delicious." Fu Qi fei pian" they translated as "husband and wife special". That's funny.  Chongqi spicy chicken, assorted mushrooms on dou miao ( greens), suan cai fish are all extremely good.   I had almost two bowls of rice and forgot to take pictures of the dishes.
Good, authentic Chinese food. Drinks are somewhat pricey ($15 cocktails!). For authentic Szechuan, however, hard to beat.
Likely the most authentic Szechuan food in Manhattan. The decor is a lot more appealing than other Chinese restaurants, and the service is very good. You have to try the double cooked pork, the braised fish in white soup, the three pepper chicken, and the pork soup dumplings. A nice touch is the decent wine list, which again is unusual for a Chinese restaurant.  Worth trying is a pairing of the port with one of the spicy dishes. The spice will cut through the weight of the port, and it really brings out the flavors in the port.
This is my first bad review - but definitely one I needed to write. The good part about this place - the decor. Very cute. I went there with two coworkers for lunch and we enjoyed looking around while we were waiting for our food. I should also say that our waiter was very friendly. However, a restaurant cannot exist on cool decor and a friendly wait staff. Eventually, you have to eat...We ordered Pork Potstickers as an app, (2) Beef and Green Chili noodle bowls, and the Kung Pao Chicken.The Pork Potstickers - flavorless - and dipped in a flavorless, watery soy sauce.I ordered my Beef and Green Chili noodle bowl "extra spicy" because I can never get enough heat! I was envisioning a spicy Pho-like soup with "sliced" beef as the menu stated. To meet my spice request, someone decided to dump in a bunch of chili oil. So, I took my first bite only to realize there was no broth, just a bowl of spice-less, oily noodles with chewy beef strings. It was literally a bowl of noodles swimming in red oil. Seriously - who would eat that? Inedible.My friend got the regular version of the Beef & Green Chili Bowl and while it wasn't as oily, it was pretty tasteless and still had the unfortunate, chewy beef strings.Lastly, the Kung Pao chicken. This tasted like sweet, mildly spicy bits of fat. I've had Kung Pao chicken at many places before - and I promise I didn't go here or try this dish because I thought it was healthy... but this "chicken" made me nervous sitting there jigglin' in its sweet sauce. Don't do it.When hunger calls my name again, I will not be returning to this establishment.
Nice Szechuan cuisine, one of the most authentic ones I have tested in the US thou it is not spicy and numb enough than real Szechuan foods, this is my second visit here, and we wait for about half an hour to have a seat, but I think it is worthwhile, maybe I can make a reservation the next time. Over all, I love this cafe, and also hope it can improve in service.
step back in time cute decor, amazing food, esp love the cumin lamb and the fish fillet on the red soup. usual place to go to for a last minute after work dinner with friends.
Just left my first meal here.  I was SO disappointed as peer reviews raved about it.  My dried chili and chicken was bad enough to send back.  The dried chilis tasted like soap.  All I could eat was my rice.  I told them, and nothing happened except my check arrived.  I'm happy to pay the bill as I ordered it, but I won't be back.  Thumbs down all around, I could have went for $10 Chinese (instead of these $20+ plates) and had a much better meal.
This place has very nice atmosphere (certainly date appropriate), which is certainly different from most other Chinese restaurants.  It has a very modern look that manages to be classy and chic, which while sometimes seen in Asian fusioney places, is rarely seen in places that serve authentic Chinese food.  And the food appears to be super authentic and yummy.  While not an expert on Sichuan food by any means, I have been to enough places with Sichuan people to feel like I can judge what tastes good; this place is tasty.  Definitely get the mouthwatering chicken, that was probably my favorite dish.  Everything else was also really good, but not quite as delicious and outstanding as the mouthwatering chicken.  We also ordered the Husband and Wife special, Three pepper chicken (super spicy!!) and Fragrant Fish Filet. Prices are a little much, so I probably wouldn't go back here regularly, but for a special occasion, definitely worth it.
I love this place.  Having lived in China for a while it's a godsend to find a restaurant that actually has decent Szechuan (and by decent I mean authentic - not that brown gooey gravy rubbish that you find just about everywhere).  The Dan Dan noodles are to die for and we often fight over them (or order 2 dishes of them).  The lamb will melt in your mouth (being an Aussie, I'm damn picky about my lamb even if it is spiced asian style).  The fish is really delicate and flavorful (I swoon with the options here).  A regular in a city of endless food options.
Cafe China is a wonderful, authentic Chinese restaurant that is equally receptive to both Chinese and Western dining tastes.  I thoroughly enjoyed the beef tripe appetizer, lamb with cumin, and the sigua side (a vegetable dish, surprise!).  The juicy steamed dumplings were also delicious, though not as juicy as the typical Shanghai places where they are usually found.  Overall, the food was tastier and far less oily than comparable Chinese places I've had in NY.  The spice levels were also optimal, at least for my personal taste.The decor was great as well, as it brought me back to early 20th century China with the wall portraits and classic Chinese dress.  While those weren't exactly the glory days of China, it was still pretty awesome to get a rare look of that era.
I love authentic Chinese food, and this place is authentic (the food that is, not the place/vibe) and delicious -- I've liked everything I've tried, and it is reasonable as well. Everyone I've brought here likes it too.On the other hand I find the service terrible every time. I almost have to beg to be seated and beg to order food. I am the type of person who can accept horrible service if the food is good, so I keep coming back.The service is actually kind of confusing. The waitstaff speak English very well (relatively speaking) so that seems to me to be something the management values -- but trying to get seated, get an order in, and to communicate with the workers there in general takes such effort. Maybe they don't care as they are busy anyway, but the other day I was in there for lunch & wanted to get in and out in 45 minutes and it took an hour 15 b/c of the slowness all around, so I think their service is a lose-lose.5 on the food, 1-2 for the service, thus a 3 rating.Hope they can be more attentive as a first step, I can live with them not being friendly (and they are not friendly), that can be part of phase 2 of their service improvement plan.
A group of ten were at Cafe China for a banquet and we had a fabulous meal coupled with excellent service. While the food was preordered the variety  of dishes was extensive and each one was excellent - from the cold appetizers of 5 spice beef and Bang Bang chicken to the  steamed dumplings and the steamed fish, via stir fried snow pea shoots with garlic and braised spicy eggplant, every dish was tasty and the chef accommodated the level of spiciness as well, allowing for extra spicy sauce on the side for those who wanted more. The service was swift and prompt and the food kept coming. Kudos to the manager, Lam Cheng, for being so helpful in organizing this celebration.
I got the three pepper chicken lunch special.  Really delicious.
One of my favorite spicy Chinese restaurants in town! Decors feature the 30's colonial shanghai style, food is authentic and service is fast! Try their Chungking spicy chicken, dry saunter string bean and five-spicy beef!
I love this place - the three pepper chicken is my fav. the soup buns are good too. my friend had the shredded pork and that tasted pretty good too. it's one of my favs and I come at least twice a month but could do better on customer service.
Yummy yum yum.  The Conch dish in the cold appetizers, the pork dumplings and everything else.  Can't really go wrong.
OK, so here's the low down:Went with a group of 10 for dinner last night - the first two of us to arrive were seated immediately, which I always appreciate - no liquor license as of yet, so we ran out and grabbed a bottle of vodka, in addition to the Baijiu that one of my friends brought - the space is lovely, but not overdone to the point where you worry that the emphasis may be more on the decor and not the food (think 1930's Shanghai) - service was very friendly, but a bit slow (granted, we were a table of 10) ----Food:*Bang Bang Chicken: strips and shreds of chicken served cold, in a spicy sesame sauce - personally, I found the chicken to taste overwhelmingly game-y. Full disclosure: I tend to dislike most chicken dishes.*Husband and Wife Special: ox tongue + tripe in a delicious roasted chili peanut sauce, liberally laced with scallions*Baby Cucumber: simple and clean - bite-sized chunks of baby cucumber were enveloped in a flavorful garlic dressing. I ordered this dish at almost every meal while I was in Hong Kong, and I was thrilled to see it on this particular menu.*Dan Dan Noodles: great flavors and the pork atop was perfect, though I found the noodles to be a bit gummy/overcooked.*Scallion Pancakes: run-of-the-mill*Pork Pot Stickers: clean, simple, meat-to-skin ratio was spot on*Veg Pot Stickers: veggie filling was boring, but the filling-to-skin ratio was precise*Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil: best version I've had to date. YOU MUST TRY THESE NOW. Cafe China's "chili oil" is drinkable. No joke.*Spicy Chengdu Wonton: similar to the above*Chungking Spicy Chicken: spicy, crispy, peppy, though a tad over-seasoned for my taste (and, coming from me, that's a big statement, as I am the queen of over-seasoning my food).*Spicy Cumin Lamb: fantastic. The lamb was tender, gristle-free, and chock-full of fragrant cumin flavor. Nice spice, to boot.*Braised Pork Szechuan Style: I didn't eat much of this, as it wasn't what I was expecting: slices of pork belly were not flecked with as much meat as I would have hoped for, however, the sauce was phenomenal - I spooned it over my rice.*Ma Po Tofu: I was only able to grab a tiny chunk of the tofu, but the sauce was on the thicker side - spicy and delicious.*Auntie Song's Fish Chowder: a large bowl arrived, filled with sliced fish, green peppers, and a gorgeous, rich red broth.*Spinach w/ Garlic: run of the mill, though a nice accompaniment*Lightly Sauteed Lotus Root: delicious! Crunchy, garlicky - will definitely order this again.I really enjoyed my meal at Cafe China and look forward to returning with a smaller party. There are so many items that I'm dying to try. Check it out!
I've been to Cafe China three times now. The first time I went I was completely enamored from the perhaps non traditional but yummilicious pork belly in garlic sauce to the doe eyed Shanghai girls on the walls. I even wanted to emulate Cafe China's decor in my apartment. Standouts were the fish stew, chili oil dumplings, diced rabbit (bones!) and mmmm pork belly~The second time I went Cafe China with my roommate's mom was still good. I liked the dishes that we got on the first time round better but it was still a solid choice. The third time I went to Cafe China was a complete disaster. I was super excited to take my sister since she loves Shanghai style restaurants but I was so, so disappointed. We show up and the restaurant is packed.We spent at least 20 minutes trying to get a menu. Probably another 20 trying to get the waitress. When we were finally able to order, our conversation went kind of like this:Me: "Could you possibly as the chef to make the spicy dishes more spicy?" (my sister's bf likes sichuan food insanely spicy)Waitress: "Umm... why don't you order the spicy dishes"Me: "I am going to. I'm just saying could you make it more spicy?"Waitress: "Oh..."Me: "Is that okay?"Waitress: "Are you sure?"Me: "Yes"Waitress: "Hum... okay."We waited over an hour. When we politely asked when the food would show up, we were offered some warm beer. At that point we just wanted any sort of food because we were ravenous but we were purely on a liquid diet and no appetizers came first. The huge table next to us got all of their food and was almost done by the time we got ours. When we did get our food, the dishes did not come out spicier and they definitely weren't as tasty. In fact, instead of the artful dishes that they were normally in, they were all just piled into white bowls. The bowls were not suitable for the dishes at all because the sauce wasn't evenly distributed. I am conflicted because I had two good experiences but one that was so bad. I'm usually not at all particular about service but this took the cake. I understand the restaurant was slammed but I honestly don't know if I could recommend this restaurant anymore.
It is a good authentic Chinese restaurant although the portion is more of French cuisine than Chinese food. If you go during weekday lunch, go early otherwise it gets very crowded.
Like the light favor. Chicken and fish are good.
My new favorite restaurant in New York City (when not on an expense account).  Superb food (dumplings with chili oil, tea smoked duck, shredded pork) in a nice 1930's Shanghai decor.  Could not recommend it highly enough -- this is 'good Chinese' food that you can introduce to someone who thinks of Chinese food as General Tso's Chicken and Sweet and Sour Pork.
Really went there for the atmosphere, its such a cute place. I was disappointed in the red soup cooked fish which is one of my favorite. However their duck tongue and mouthwatering chicken was really good! Their wonton in chili sauce wasn't bad either but a bit sweet. Comfortable environment and was worth the visit, though prob not going back because the fish dish really didn't appeal to me.
Friendly staff. Nice menu and wine list. Was able to walk in on a saturday night and get a table quickly.
relatively authentic, tho not hot enough... like some Szechuan restaurant you will find in Shanghai
Hard to believe that you can do some of the classics and take them up to another level, but they do that with spicy dumplings, gungpow chicken and with smoked duck.  Awesome food, casual atmosphere.
I care about food of high quality, meaning fresh ingredients, clean and well made. This is why I became a fan of Cafe China.With this standard in mind, I feel it's like Shun Lee and Tang Pavilion, some of the highest quality Chinese restaurants in town.The dishes are as authentic as my another favorite Sichuan restaurant in New York City: Wu Lian Ye on W.48th Street. Cafe China's decor is more intimate with the bronze chandeliers and soft lighting. Again, I appreciate so much it's new and clean. Strangely, it reminds me of Paris as it's full of chinese details. All together, it would be a romantic place for a date.As I have already made several trips there, my favorite dishes are: Fragrant Fish Filet, Stir-fried Assorted Fresh Mushrooms, Kung Pao Chicken (which tastes distinctively better than those available in most Chinese restaurants with the same name) Appetizers: Bang Bang Chicken, Shredded Tripe in Chili Oil, Mung Bean Noodles, Dan Dan Noodles Most of these are non spicy because I prefer non spicy food. You can always ask to spice up and down your dishes in this friendly and high quality restaurant on the clean and quiet E.37 street!
Really good and interesting Chinese food, unusually with very little oil in the cooking. We were here with our friends from Ann Arbor whose prior recommendations (which they get from one of the owners of Zingerman's) were Momofuku, Ippudo and Locanda Verde. Very nice service by a young and capable staff. We ate like crazy, with apps (pork rolls and spicy chilled melon) mains (duck, two fish dishes, and pork with tofu) and sides of spinach and snow peas with garlic. Everything was terrific.
Came here for a birthday part (13 people) on a Saturday night in February.  The decor is fun - "1920's-era" sounds about right (looking at the other reviews), with beautiful blue walls -- and relatively glamorous, though it is a little compromised by features at the periphery (like entry to the kitchen, etc.).  The music is also jazz age stuff, which adds to the fairly dignified vibe.Anyway the real strength was the food, so far as I'm concerned.  I am not a Szechuan cuisine pro, but have had it several times before (always in the US, alas) and was given a very broad review here since I got to sample more than fifteen dishes.  There is a great variety of good stuff on the menu, from the cold spicy tendon to the cucumber to the lamb curry to the various fish options.  Servings of the appetizers (well, the cold dishes) were reasonable; servings of the main dishes were huge - good for splitting.  I can't remember which dish had the mouth-tingling peppers in it but that was good too (perhaps the 'mouth-watering chicken?').I enjoyed every dish, though a few were too salty for my taste (e.g. the smoked duck), and I would agree with some of the other reviews that the pot-sticker dumplings are really not so good: doughy!  Many of the dishes are fairly fatty, but I think one could easily avoid this by ordering other things if one wanted to (hint: don't order lamb or duck).The service was relatively attentive -- and very young, as other reviewers have mentioned -- but since we were a party of thirteen that's not too surprising.  Given the combination of good food and nice ambiance, I would have expected the place to be full on a Saturday night.  We hypothesized that it is really aimed at weekday business dinners, but other reviews seem to confirm that it's not full on weekdays either... so is it a lunch place, or what?  The ambiance is great for dinner, anyway.It is fairly expensive - we paid $33 a head but I think somebody else paid for the wine (I did not see the wine list).  We ordered a little more than necessary, though.  All in all this place is a major find for me, and I will definitely be back.  It is a fairly unique combination of elegant vibe and good Szechuan food in NYC, so far as I can tell.
This is by far my new favorite place in midtown east!   I can't get enough of the food, everything is so fresh and delicious.   My favorites are three pepper chicken, lightly sauteed fish filet, the Dumplings in chili oil and savory tofu and celery.   It's easy to see the owner must have an artistic eye, they've paid attention to every little detail, from the great food to the 20's 30's old shanghai inspired decor, even down to the cocktails list... the drinks are named after Wang Kar Wai and Ang Lee movies, and it was also lovely to see one of my favorite singers Lykke Li referenced.  Sure, the price could be just a little bit cheaper, but it's really not so bad and I think it's worth it for good food.  So, there's not much bad I can say about this place,  the only reason it did not get 5 stars from me is for the service.  They have one really great waiter and one of the guys that works in the front is super nice.  But the rest of them can come off a little cold at times.  One in particular I'm sorry to say was like a zombie, not that he was rude, but just not much personality or warmth.  A smile and more pep from the managers and wait staff will go a long way for this great little gem of a restaurant!
My "ma po tofu" was basically a salt lick. No thanks.
Nothing about this restaurant deserves a Michelin star, and nothing is extraordinary. But for a casual Szechuan meal (with family, friends, or a long-term girlfriend/boyfriend who you are past impressing), Cafe China is a sound choice. I came here with my family and we were served well-prepared, well-flavored, not-too-spicy Sichuan food. The service was attentive-enough and the decor fitting given the relatively low prices.The FoodWe were advised to stick to the Szechuan dishes, so this is what we did. For our appetizers, we ordered the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil and Dan Dan Noodles, and for our entrees the Double Cooked Pork, Spicy Cumin Lamb, Three Pepper Chicken, and Ma Po Tofu.The Dan Dan Noodles were a bit different than I expected.  There was relatively little broth and a skimpy serving of minced pork.  It was really more a light noodle dish with some extra flavoring.  That being said, the noodles were well cooked, and the broth/pork was powerful enough that a little went a long way.  As for the Pork Dumplings, the star was really the Chili Oil - this added heat, spiciness, sweetness and moisture to otherwise ordinary dumplings.In general Cafe China's entrees suffered from less than perfect cooking technique, but this was more than made up with powerful, bold, flavors. The Double Cooked Pork was a bit too chewy, but had a lovely fatty, bacon-esque (its pork belly), spicy feel/flavor.  The Three Pepper Chicken could have been a bit more moist, but wasn't overwhelming dry and it had a nice somewhat crunchy texture.  The big flavor component here was the Szechuan peppercorn. As a warning, there is TONS of this peppercorn. It is not spicy but it coats your mouth, and the unique somewhat tingly sensation of this spice lingers for a long time.  Moving on... The tofu in the Ma Po Tofu was soft and silky as it should be, and the broth/oil had a healthy (but not overpowering) dose of heat.  Like with the Dan Dan Noodles, there was little minced pork, but the overall dish did not lack flavor. The Ma Po Tofu was the best entree - good flavor & good cooking technique. The Spicy Cumin Lamb was the only dish were I had a complaint about the spices - the cumin overpowered everything else and the dish could have been better balanced. Again though, on the whole there was no egregious problem here, and the dish was enjoyable.  In fact, all the problems mentioned with dishes at Cafe China were minor, and overall the food was tasty and appropriately flavored.Cafe China vs Han DynastyIt's worth comparing Cafe China to Han Dynasty, which is very popular in Philadelphia and has just recently opened up in East Village. To sum it up, Cafe China is a more elegant approach to Szechuan food but lacks some of the closeness to the food that Han Dynasty superbly achieves.  The service at Cafe China is less rushed, more professional, and more poised, and the spice-level has been toned down to accommodate the American palate. But I think my experience at Cafe China would have been less enjoyable had I not first eaten at Han.  Our waiter at Han Dynasty explained the star elements of every dish (without us asking) and how they relate to Szechuan cooking in general... I learnt a lot at Han Dynasty and I feel (being non-Szechuan) that this better prepared me to know what to order and what to expect at Cafe China.  Have your first Szechuan meal at Han Dynasty, and then come here.
Food was great. We waited for over 30 minutes, I am not sure if it was reasonable. But for the dishes, I cannot complain about the lengthy waiting. And they forgot to put two extra white rice in the doggy bag which we requested and was charged for. However, we like how they handled our beverage, very considerate. So the service was quite inconsistent, or I could give them 5 stars.
Really liked their Dan Dan noodles and Kung Pow chicken. Nice spicy Szechuan food, good service, friendly people, nice atmosphere.
I ordered a meal for 14.15 - I am around the corner. Would not deliver. Minimum $15. I am a regular customer but I went over anyway. Then I opened up the container and the food was really smelly in an odd way (and I have had this dish before) I called and they said that I had to walk back for them to examine it. Since I was back in my office and in the thick of things, I was unable to do it. The woman on the phone was unfeeling, abrupt and really cold when I tried to convey my position. I WILL NEVER GO BACK.
Have dined her twice since mid-Oct, both times for dinner.  Service is polite, helpful, but a little slow.  Room is wonderful, whether seated in front near bar, or in rear portion of dining room.  Like everyone else who reviews this place, I believe the dumplings in chili oil are superb.  Spicy chicken is excellent, and the spicy lamb has a wonderful melange of flavors.  What I like most about Cafe China is the food is clean and crisp in terms of texture and flavor --- little grease, no identifiable MSG, no nothing.  Just the real, natural, unadulturated flavors of the basic ingredients and the spices/seasonings.Remember to BYOB - Park Avenue Wine and Liquor is just around the corner, so stop by on your way to Cafe China.  I don't know what the restaurant plans to do about obtaining a liquor license.
We've been meaning to get to Café China ever since Pete Wells wrote his 2 star review back in May.  So many restaurants, so little time.  I think part of the reason for our tardiness is it's location, on 37th St., just off Park Avenue.  I worked in that area off and on for years in the Pan Am/Met Life building.  On a weekday afternoon it bustles with office workers on their lunch break.  On a warm Saturday night in early September 37th St. was desolate. A few years back much was made on other food boards about the challenging location of Alex Urena's Pamplona on East 28th St.   You know what?  East 28th is the Champs Elysee compared to East 37th on a Saturday night.  The streets were wet with a light drizzle and the whole scene looked like a night shot of Vienna in "The Third Man."Surprise.  Café China was half full when we arrived around 8:00PM and a steady stream of customers arrived during our meal.  Good for them.  They deserve the business.The atmosphere is pleasant - there's a bit of style to the room.  farm9.staticflickr.com/8…farm9.staticflickr.com/8…But pictures can be deceiving.  Take a look at the photos that accompanied Wells' review.farm9.staticflickr.com/8…farm9.staticflickr.com/8…I want that Times photographer to take pictures of me.  She ought to be working for George Lucas' Industrial Light and Magic.On to the food.  As Wells mentioned, the menu is somewhat shorter than comparable restaurants.  I have no problem with that in theory as long as the choices that remain are attractive.  For 95% percent of diners the options at Café China should be  ample.  Because I am a pain in the ass I was looking for some new dishes that aren't available elsewhere.  For the most part I didn't see them.  Most people won't think this is a problem.On to the food, as usual, by the numbers.B10 - Dan Dan Noodles - Spicy noodles with minced pork chili vinaigrettefarm9.staticflickr.com/8…Pretty on the plate, disappointing in execution.  There was zip in the noodles but not quite the depth of flavor in the better versions of this dish.  (It's a hike but I strongly recommend the version served at Little Pepper in College Point.  Lan Sheng's is really good as well.)  What really disappointed about CC's version was the gumminess of the noodles.  Five or six years ago you could get away with this.  Now people expect better.B12 - Spicy wonton in Szechuan peppercorn vinaigrettefarm9.staticflickr.com/8…Now that's more like it.  Top notch.  C3 - Chungking Spicy Chicken - stir fried diced chicken with red chili peppersfarm9.staticflickr.com/8…Another winner.  The chicken was crisp and juicy with a nice amount of heat.  A handful of places produce versions that are equally good but nobody does it better.C34 - Sautéed Chicken Fillet - Spicy chicken breast, Chinese broccoli, pepper corn, dried chili pepperfarm9.staticflickr.com/8…It looks great on the plate but it's somewhat bland.  It needs some more heat and more complexity.  It was certainly carefully made.  To be fair to them this was billed as a mildly spicy dish. They use the old convention of those little pictures of chili peppers on the menu to indicate the heat level.  My GF's Chungking Chicken was billed as a 3, this was a 1.The thing is, I could live without the heat but a dish can be on the mild side and still be interesting.  For the most part this wasn't.  I suspect they have this on the menu for timid diners who later get to boast that they went to an authentic Sichuan restaurant and had the spicy chicken.Did Wells get this place right?  Is it a 2 star that's comparable Bruni's **s - Spicy & Tasty and Szechuan Gourmet?  If I had to rate them on the basis of a single visit I'd give them a one but I saw enough good things that they certainly deserve another visit.  And lets keep things in perspective - if this place opened in my neighborhood I'd be ecstatic.
Dropped in on tuesday after work, with a girlfriend, since this place first popped on my radar post the NY Times review.  At 630, the virtually empty room, filled up quickly with a noticeably foodie crowd of first timers and regulars alike.  The decor, like many have sad, is refreshing for a chinese place.  It was a touch dark for my liking but otherwise the noise level and service were efficient.  I remember reading in the review the recommended dishes, and we honed in on a trio of appetizers and 2 mains.  The husband and wife special; pickled veggies, soup dumplings, tea-smoked duck and  double-cooked pork.  Initial impressions were that all the dishes suffered from a heavy use of salt than expected. We also thought the balance between salty,sweet, hot/spicy wasnt quite there. Surpringly the pickled veggies lacked some of the pickle flavor and vinegar + sugar flavor.  The soup dumplings were good, but missing crucially the soup on the inside, than makes them what they are.  We liked the moistness of the duck and it wasnt overly greasy, which duck often can be.  I was expecting a deeper smoke/tea flavor which was also missing.  The double cooked pork was moist pork belly but alas lacked some flavor that the pork needs.For roughly $60, this wasnt the most expensive nor the cheapest Sichuan meal one can have.  Im thinking of coming back to try spicy diced rabbit; pickle and fish stew; spicy cumin lamb; baby black lamb; baby ribs in bamboo leaves and the vegetable dishes.
I dont understand how does place god One star. Totally not authentic!
Decoration is really nice comparing to other Chinese restaurants. Food is good, but portion is not big and a little pricy. Still affordable. Waiters are cool.
Most authentic food  this side of the Bund. 20s/30s era decor from Shanghai, and very friendly staff. No wontons or sodium free soy sauce on the table, thank god! I recommend the baby cucumbers to start and the garlic and eggplant or the three pepper chicken.
I've been to Café China on several occasions, usually with groups of six or more people.  This, I think, is the ideal way to experience the restaurant, because it enables one to appreciate the breadth of the menu.  And while this menu is extensive, I find myself drawn particularly to the fish (especially the Fragrant Fish Filet), lamb and duck dishes.  The stir fry of fresh mushrooms is delicious as well.The café aspires to evoke the atmosphere of old Shanghai, and does so in a way that differentiates it from Szechuan competitors that come to mind.  I must say I'm charmed by the understated décor, along with the glamorous posters of Chinese movie stars from the thirties.The owners are welcoming and gracious, and the servers are friendly and attentive.  I recommend Café China enthusiastically for its unusual and appealing combination of cuisine and ambience.
Best Chinese lunch around Midtown!!!  The braised fish with tofu is amazing.  The savory blend of chili, black beans and garlic is perfect with the lightly battered fish and silken tofu.  The beef with peppers was tender and flavorful, as well.  You get a choice of soup or a spring roll.  My friend and I opted for the soups, both of which were tasty, but not super note-worthy.  Totally craving that fish dish!
You just can't compare this to ordinary Chinese food.  The food here is special and the atmosphere feels like 1930's China - like I would know.  Excellent - awesome - and increasingly popular.  It was packed on Wednesday night.
We three whities loved our meal here. I'd call us all adventurous, and two of us have a very high spice threshold.  So, we were ready to try some of the house's specialities as well as some safer basics.    We went on a Tuesday night and it was packed.  The place has great atmosphere, with beautifully painted walls and little mysterious items decorating the walls.  To begin, we had szcechuan noodles (spicy, peanut sauce fabulous); vegetable potstickers (standard) and a chicken with pesto (complex, a bit of bite, not like any chinese dish i've ever had, comes with a nice broth).For our main dishes we had filet of sole (very nice - easy to split), the smoked duck (great, comes thinly sliced and with a lot of vegetables - no sauce) and the mapo tofu (highlight of the evening - hot and spicy sauce on top of the silky tofu.)  We heard desserts were good so we got green tea and ginger ice cream and the rice ball soup.  um, rice ball soup is certainly an acquired taste.  i couldn't finish it.anyway, cafe china is in a weird sliver of midtown, but it is really an original and darling little place.  it's chic and not stuffy.  i think you could take any group of people here and have a fun time.  i found the waitstaff very helpful and service was attentive.  i'd love to return and try different things on the menu.
This restaurant is only a short walk from Empire State building. What a charming little restaurant and everything about it speaks of fine taste. Service was great, food was excellent and staff attentive. Sweet & sour pork ribs very tasty as well as the chicken king pao and the hot and sour soup. Loved it! We would go back any day.
I ordered lunch here because I worked nearby. I ordered chicken and vegetables in garlic sauce and a carton of egg drop soup. You get what you paid for. It's cheap, but thats about the only perk here. My "veggies" were just celery and peanuts, two things I hate. The soup was full of vinegar and water, no chicken broth.  They should rename that crap "sour-and-sour" soup. It was very acidic and neither flavorful nor spicy, which is how I like my food.  Try Phoenix Garden 3 blocks down if you really want Midtown chinese food. Its about $4 more expensive, but actually palatable and you won't have to convince your roommate your leftovers are "good sh*t and they should try some." lol
Had a b-day dinner here two nights ago.  There were 8 of us so we ordered 7 entrees and 3-4 app.  Unfortunately, there were so many dishes that I can't recall all of them (sorry fellow yelpers!).  I'll list what I do remember.  For entrees, we got the lamb, duck, two types of chicken dish, eggplant in garlic sauce, MaPoTofu, and the pork.  For app., we ordered the jelly fish, the dan dan noodles, some kind of wonton dumpling (which was really good),  and one more veggie dish.  Overall, food was tasty, and definitely spicy!I really wanted to like this place!  The decor charmed me as soon as I walked in.  The restaurant creates a very romantic 1930s atmosphere.  There are old style lamps set on the tables; I love the ambiance.  That being said... why in god's name is the food so freaking salty!!  Half way thru my meal, I commented on my tongue being numb (silly me thought that the food was so spicy that it made the sides of my tongue numb).  All my friends said, "it's the salt that's numbing your tongue, while the spiciness camouflages it".  We all loved the flavors of the dishes, but 65% of the dishes were over salted, especially the meat dishes, which is why I couldn't give this place a higher rating.  In fact, I was excited about the mapo tofu since other reviwers have mentioned how tasty it was; that dish was the saltiest of all of them.... who knows, maybe I was just unlucky that night and the chef was simply extra happy with the salt shaker... either way, I don't think I'll be coming back a second time.
Delicious (but oily) food in a snazzy environment. Good spot for a small group of friends; would be fine for a casual date.
This place is superb! Came here last week with my boyfriend. Decided to finally try Cafe China, and also it has one michelin star so again, continuing our michelin star conquest. When you first walk in, you get a sense of a wong kar wai films. (double confirmed my connection when I saw the drinks menu... wong kari wai film title inspirations) There's awesome vintage asian antiques, such as a birdcage right when you walk in. We sat the bar (while they cleaned our table), love the mirrors behind the bar. Again, I felt like I was in one of his film set. There are posters on the wall of beautiful asian actresses from back in the days. The environment of the restaurant was just spot on! It wasn't too crowded when we went. We sat right by the door and ordered some food! Okay... there were SO MANY DISHES we wanted to try, but there's only 2 of us... no need to be piggy wiggies here... We started with the pork dumplings in chili oil. OMG, the chili oil has such an amazing flavor!!! Couldn't stop dipping into it, and it also has a nice heat to it! Then three of the entrees came out at once since we are sharing everything - the fried rice with tea smoked duck, it wasn't oily at all, not salty, or plain, just the right amount of flavorness. Also the tea smoked duck was so tender, the little bits of it was amazing. Really amazing fried rice. The stir-fried assorted fresh mushrooms and with some "chinese" spinach - love it as well. Again, not overly salty AT ALL! So delicious could have eaten that whole plate myself! And we also got the chungking spicy chicken, he wanted that one because it had 3 chili spicyness logo on the dish. It was diced chicken filled with red chili peppers and you can also taste the szechuan in there. This dish was also well done. I normally can't handle the extreme spicy hot food, but this one was tolerable! I was able to eat them and for once it didn't taste like battery acid and where your lips are burning mouth is kind of cramping and just needs lots of water and literally cannot eat anymore. This was not the case. I was able to eat and enjoy the spice! Well done Cafe China! We are SOOOO COMING BACK!!!! Also, the bill wasn't jaw dropping shock. It was more of oh that's it? Can't wait to come back here and try other dishes! Thank you for the amazing meal we had! Oh, one more thing! We saw the owners sitting at the table, and the woman also had a wong kar wai starlet actress feel to it! She had an amazing short bob and was wearing a cheongsam (it's a traditional chinese dress / mandarin gown)!
exceptional Szechuan cuisine! i've been to this place three times so far and have yet to be disappointed. amazing flavors, fresh ingredients, great service.favorite dishes so far:3 pepper chickenspicy cumin lambpan fried lamb with scallion
Was one of my favorites in town. Has clearly suffered from its recent success. Food is moving towards unacceptable. Nice staff and pretty decor (much nicer than much better Chinese restaurants), but it won't save the day. Too bad.
After reading some reviews for a local Chinese lunch spot, I decided to check out Cafe China. They have a pretty varied menu and include some great lunch special deals. I've had several of the noodle soups now and haven't been disappointed by any of them. Great value for the price, but also nothing spectacular. Wine and cocktail list is also nice during the once-in-a-blue-moon times you can enjoy a quick one during a lunch break. Very clean appearance with helpful, quick staff.
My husband and I read some good reviews about this place, so we grabbed a table and was waiting for friend. We were only waiting 15mins til they came, but during that wait we ordered appetizer. The owner or manager stood over us while we waiting for said friend and when they arrived, he kept pestering us if we were going to order or not. 1. We weren't finished with our appetizer 2. There was only two other tables, so it wasn't busy & 3. Our friend just sat down... Which he witnessed everything. Other than that the food and our waitress was great. So unfortunately for him I can't give this place 5 stars nor can I say that we'll go back.
Sort of adapted sichuan dishes. i mean it is not that sichuan. It mixed with certain flavors from the south east part and north west part of China, while I like creative things and especially on food, as long as the creativity does not make things worse. The food here is definitely tasty enough. The restaurant became full pretty quick, and a reservation may be a good idea.
One of my favorite Szchuan places in the city. You must try the Conch in chili sauce!
Cafe China is a fine addition to Manhattan's Szechuan restaurants. The food is authentic, and flavors range from pleasingly mild to very fiery. Service is warm and friendly, and the low-lit decor evokes old Shanghai.
Great ambiance. Good food. Not your standard chinese restaurant. No seafood :((
service was EHHHHH slowish, food was the BOMB ! and thats the reason why you go.good 1930s asian style.
The restaurant's decor, a throwback to old Shanghai before the world wars, is a sweet touch. It seems 2% short of completion but I guess that's the charm in midtown Manhattan. Our server was very attentive and pleasant. I had a late Sunday brunch here and the food was exceptionally good. It seems authentic enough but also good for the non-Chinese palate. I've also ordered delivery from here and the food was just as good.Menu items I've tried so far:- a8  Spicy Beef Tendon:  I think this may be one of my favorites here. It's not drenched in chili oil as I've encountered this dish elsewhere and it's a lot easier to eat and not get tired of it. I literally ate the whole dish by myself once. This dish will be a staple whenever I eat here.- a17  Szechuan Pickled Vegetables with Napa cabbage, celery, carrot & green chili:  It's a strong flavor but the vegetables were crispy and crunchy--the more I ate them, the more I liked them. It's a good complement to the oily dishes and gives a 'lil kick to your taste buds.- b9  Crystal Shrimp Dumplings:  traditional (American) dim sum staple. The dumpling was just a tad over steamed but it was good.- b11  Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil:  This is a tasty, tasty dumpling dish. It's not that spicy and the sauce is so~ savory and delicious.- c3  Chungking Spicy Chicken:  Very spicy but very good flavor. It's almost like chicken stir-fried in dry chili bbq rub. The flavor has a kick that's not just chili (and I don't know enough about Chinese ingredients to tell you what it could be. hahaha) but it's GOOD. The chili spice lasts a looooong time.- v4  Eggplant in Garlic Sauce:  Very typical spicy dish. I liked that they didn't over cook the eggplant--the dish still kept the stringy, chewy nature of the eggplant. It was good.- Rice Wine Soup dessert: I didn't care for this dessert much. I guess I just don't know the significance of this dessert and how I should enjoy it. In a flavorless clear soupy rice wine with hint of alcohol floats gnocchi-like rice cakes, sweet rice and large rice cake balls stuffed with sweet black sesame paste. The only part I liked was the big rice cake with the sesame. There were only two in the small clay pot and I wished there were more.- Lychee ice cream: It was delicious and refreshing.Overall, it's a welcomed respite in Midtown. It was just around the corner from Piccolo Cafe and the JP Morgan Museum. Makes a nice trio of Sunday activity. The restaurant's decor and service makes it nicer than Lan Sheng, my other midtown favorite.
I have never liked Chinese food, and I'm okay with some types of spices (i.e. Korean dried red pepper spice) but not others. I've always been averse to oil-based spices so I was pretty apprehensive about Café China. I've had Szechuan food before and while some of the ingredients were okay, the pain was too overwhelming and I lost all enjoyment of flavors. Somehow I have become an avid fan of Café China since then. Maybe it's because I went with very low expectations, but the food was VERY good, although a bit pricey. I was with a large group and we ordered:-Pork dumplings in chili oil: a bit too slippery for my taste but dumpling filling was good-Mouth watering chicken: Apparently translates literally to "saliva chicken." Did not expect this to be a cold dish. AMAZING. Tender, poached chicken in a chili oil sauce. Annoying to peel off the skin, though.-Dan dan noodles: I have never been a fan of these as I don't like noodles although everyone said they're the best they've had.-Husband and wife special: has tripe, did not try-Sauteed garlic shoots: very fresh, good, nicely and simply seasoned-Chunking spicy chicken: SPICY. Very good. Fried. Lots of peppers.-Chunking braised fish in white soup: spicy but very tender fish and ample pieces of tofu and veggies-Some sort of whole bone in fried little fish:-Spicy cumin lamb: very interesting dish; did not expect the cumin spice / flavors which were different from my experience with Chinese cuisine. Tender meat, not too gamey-Mapo tofu: large portion, quite good, although the sauce was very thick / heavy and overpowers the silken tofu a bitI have also had takeout from Café China multiple (5+) times since. Often chungking chicken (which is always 50% peppers but oh well) and I recently tried the lightly sautéed Chinese broccoli (very good - again, like the pea shoots, simple, fresh, and seasoned with the right amount of salt) and Szechuan pesto chicken (I don't think there is any basil - just scallions and garlic. Similarly prepared to the mouth watering chicken; perhaps even better).Overall, excellent, although a bit pricey.
We went there with some out of towners.  They were impressed.  Food was good, we had the crispy fish and the dan dan noodles was nice too.  It is nice to find good chinese food outside generic chinese restaurant setting and able to avoid the hustle and bustle of C-Town or Flushing.  They had 1 star taken off because of the MUSIC.  I was really impressed at first of their old chinese operatic music playing but then it switched to jazz, to pop to anything that was playing on someone's badly organized playlist.  My guests also commented without my prompting that the music was really random.  We left soon after before another song change.  I know its trivial but music should set the mood and they should stick to the old chinese music.
Fish fillet with tofu is good. Coconut ice cream is good too
Authentic Sichuan is all about the peppercorn.  Used with chili oil, the flavor is both numbing, "ma" and spicy "la".  While Café China's offerings didn't disappoint on the "mala" front, they are quite overpriced for Chinese food, even authentic Sichuan.  You could certainly eat better, and for less, in Flushing.  But this isn't Flushing, it's Midtown NYC which feels like an office district so presumably rents are high and restaurants expensive.   What you get with your higher prices is some ambiance.  The décor is clean and simple with a bit of Shanghai retro-modern chic.   Arty vintage prints of Chinese stars adorn the walls.  Dark wood paneling and accents evoke old-China, but the chairs would be at home in a corner diner and the brass chandelier and faceted mirror behind the bar, I don't know.The food is good, and portions are generous.  If you're looking for capably executed "mala" dimsum  (dan dan or wonton with red chili oil) and authentic Chinese apps (the classic cucumbers in garlic sauce, for example)  you'll find it.  But if you stray to the entrees, the prices escalate quickly and similar and tastier fare is abundant in Flushing.
I came back here recently. The restaurant was not crowded, and I had a civilized experience. The big square tables where a dozen of us squeezed around last time regularly seat 9 people. I was able to enjoy the food (still good) and decor (still lovely) without feeling claustrophobic. Lesson learned, folks: don't come in the weeks leading up to or trailing the lunar new year.
My family and I ate at this trendy-feeling Chinese for the first time last night.  The food was well-prepared and noticeably different (read, more interesting) than typical Chinese restaurant fare.  My daughter was thrilled with the duck, which was crispy and savory.  My wife and I enjoyed a very competently-prepared whole fish (Tilapia) in ginger and scallion sauce.  The Chinese brocolli was actually my favorite part of the meal--vibrantly green and still full of its natural crunch.If you go, go for the food.  The dining room is well-decorated, but cramped.  Hard surfaces throughout the small rooms result in a high-noise level that detracts from enjoyment of the meal.  On our visit, the restaurant was busy and the entire wait staff seemed overwhelmed (although they tried their best to maintain a pleasant demeanor for the guests).  At one point, it appeared that our waiter was about to faint from exhaustion.  I applaud their effort--but one cannot entirely overlook the fact that dishes were served in random order, rice came well after the main courses arrived, and just processing the credit card payment at the end of the meal seemed to take forever.I will go back for the food--but, hopefully on a night that is less busy.
great Chinese restaurant! recommend steamed soup buns, spicy chengdo wonton.
Only order the cold dishes! We went there a few weeks back and asked the owner what to get. Everything she recommended was delicious. But, as cantonese food lovers, we also ordered some favorite dishes and we were left wanting.
I had been to Cafe China once previously (well before it received 2 stars from the New York Times) and I had enjoyed the food and service there a lot, so naturally I wanted to return with a friend who might appreciate the place as well.I went today for lunch at approximately 12pm and was immediately seated. Menus were distributed and after 5 minutes of perusing the menu, the waiter came over and took our order. So far, so good. The jasmine tea we ordered was served within minutes and the spring rolls (as part of our lunch special) soon followed. At 12:30 our lunch entrees had still not arrived. Since my original waiter was nowhere to be found, I tried to flag down the other waiters to get their attention. Despite multiple waiters passing my table, I was ignored for a full ten minutes--even as they attended to tables around mine (how badly was I ignored? I would make eye contact with a waiter and gesture to him and he'd LOOK AWAY). Finally at around 12:40 I saw another waiter, turned to him sharply and said, "Excuse me, we placed our orders almost 40 minutes ago and we still haven't received our entrees. We ordered the eggplant in garlic sauce and the shredded pork in garlic sauce" The waiter assured me that the dishes were probably coming but that he'd go "check up on them."10 minutes passed and the waiter still hadn't returned to our table. I begin to suspect that he had, in fact, not followed up on our order, so I try to flag down another waiter. At 12:50 I finally caught the attention of my original waiter and told him that we still hadn't received our entrees and we placed our orders shortly after noon. Like the previous waiter, he claimed that our dishes were probably on the way but that he'd go check up on them. I noticed that he didn't go into the kitchen after that but continued to serve and respond to other customers. After five minutes he noticed me staring at him in disbelief and he went into the kitchen. Immediately afterwards he came out and said that they were sorry but a mistake was made and our dishes were given to another table. "Do you still want the dishes?" I was dumbfounded. It took you an HOUR to figure out that our orders were messed up after I asked TWICE to follow up on them? My friend wanted to leave without food but I asked how long the dishes would take to make. "Just five minutes." I said fine and he went to the kitchen.After 10 minutes the dishes finally came out--but the woman who brought them out (not my waiter) forgot the rice. At this point I was so frustrated that I didn't even bother to ask where the rice was.  I asked the server if we could get the check immediately.  She said yes. While we ate our entrees we noticed that MULTIPLE waiters glanced at our table but during the entire time they made NO attempt to clear the empty spring roll plates that crowded our space NOR ask us if we wanted or were missing rice. Naturally the woman forgot out check. I finally hailed down our original waiter and asked for the check in exasperation.  In five minutes he brought it out--AND THE BILL WAS TWICE AS MUCH AS IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN. $46 instead of the $23 we were expecting. They had billed us TWICE for our two lunch specials. My friend wanted to just leave the cash for the original value of our order but I wanted the waiter to correct it immediately (who was nowhere near us and clearly not approaching anytime soon) so I stood up, walked to him from across the restaurant to the POS system where he was entering an order, and told him that he had billed us twice our entrees. He apologized immediately and printed a new receipt with the correct prices. When we finally received the new bill, not only did we not leave a tip, I wrote "ZERO TIP" on the front of the receipt and wrote on the back exactly the reasons why I wasn't leaving a tip. My fellow Yelpers, never in my life have I stiffed a waiter and deprived him or her of his due, but for the first time I felt compelled to leave absolutely no tip--because none was deserved.I've never been so frustrated with service at a restaurant before in my life, and I'm so disappointed that it happened at a restaurant that I spent months raving about to friends. The food is still spectacular: the eggplant was tender and flavorful and the garlic sauce didn't overwhelm it.  But I can no longer recommend Café China to friends after enduring today's painful service. I'm sorry, Café China, but you may have lost an early fan.
I don't know why I bother trying out other places when I have easy access to this place, Cafe China, especially after trying out Mission Chinese Food last week. Ugh, that place was an utter disappointment.I've dined or ordered from this place a dozen times or more.When you walk in, don't be alarmed. You didn't walk through a time warp. Sit back enjoy the atmosphere and music.What to get!I'll go in order of the menu.. Bang Bang Chicken.. your mouth will get bang banged. Delicious.Crispy Savory Fish, it tastes just like that. Husband and Wife Special. If you like tripe, get this. I may get this for lunch today it's so damn good.Spicy Beef Tendon, you'd think you got this delivered from Hong Kong.Baby Cucumber. I love this dish. I always order 2 of them. You're thinking, it's just cucumber and garic! Yeah well, Mission Chinese Food fcked this one up. If you're on a date and expect to make out later on in the evening, don't get this.Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, 3 stars out of 4.Dan Dan Noodles, 3 stars out of 4. I really enjoy this dish here.Pork Dumplings in Chili oil... 3 stars out of 4.SPICY CHENGDU WONTON. LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS DISH. You really thing you're sitting in Hong Hong and taking this down. On time for lunch I ordered 3 of these and some rice. That's it. My mouth burned for the rest of the day, but it was a goooooooooooooooooood burn. 4 stars out of 4.Steamed soup buns,  3 stars out of 4.TEA SMOKED DUCK. MUST GET. SO GOOD. 4 stars out of 4.Fish Blossom. 3 stars out of 4.Three Pepper Chicken, so good. Your gums will be numb for a while, but man up. This is what it's all about. In fact most things here will be spicy, so if you're going to be a little bitch about it, go to Mission Chinese Food.Kung Pao Chicken. Besides the SPICY CHENGDU WONTON, this is the other dish I order the most for take out. SO damn good. 3 stars out of 4.Ma Po Tofu. Very very good. It's better when you have it in house than delivery. Not to say that you shouldn't have it delivered. It'll be better than most you've had.  3 stars out of 4.Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck. Anytime you can get this duck, get it.  3 stars out of 4.Double Cooked Pork, I may get this today.Normally I wouldn't waste my time with vegetable. As far as I'm concerned it's a waste of time and money, but if you must, order the bok choi, eggplant in garlic sauce, spinach with garlic, stir fried mushrooms, snow pea shoots and the chinese broccoli. I may have missed a few things, but you should get the gist. The place is good. The ambiance is awesome, the service is fast and the staff is great.*** I give 3 out of 4 stars, 4 being reserved for the country of origin.
pretty mediocre. i ordered the whole spicy tilapia and fried rice with tea duck. plus delivery cost about 4o sth bucks..i wasn't impressed at all. the fish didn't taste good and the ice was pretty bland. suffice to day, I won't order food fro here again. save your money :)
A really odd locale for a chinese restaurant in midtown. I heard it has one michelin star, and so we gave it a try. As it turns out, this place is solidly mediocre. The food was not special. The pork ribs in bamboo leaves and sticky rice were interesting and had an enticing herbal aroma. That is where the interest stops. The spicy dumplings were not spicy or flavorful enough. The dan dan mien was just bland and sad. I don't know why this place is so busy, as there are many other szechuan restaurants in new york. The interior of pre-WWII colonial-era China is kitschy and fun, but that is not enough to even remotely ameliorate the poor state of culinary execution or authenticity here.
Great new Sichuan place in Midtown. Lived in Shanghai for many years, and its great to have a place that reminds me of the old-shanghai restaurants there. Food is great, had the Sichuan Beef Noodle Soup, spicy, really tasty, tender beef... I will be a regular come winter! Had some stir fried veggies as well, and they were very fresh, not too oily. Look forward to trying their other dishes, the owner was very nice and made a big effort to make sure we were comfortable.
I almost want to give Cafe China five stars. My favorite Chinese food in the city. Plus, the decor makes you feel like you're in a 1930s Shanghai movie.
Ordered rice with tea smoked duck for lunch for delivery. Food was good until I found a hair in it. Enough said.
I returned to Cafe China with a gang of four for dinner. The food was excellent, but I think the service and kitchen were a little overwhelmed on a very busy night and the service gltiches cost a star. What went wrong? It took a very long time to get service after we were seated. Once we got a waiter to serve us, he did a great job with the wine service, but somehow a couple of our dishes were either not ordered or the kitchen dropped the ball, resulting in two dishes arriving after a couple members of the party were pretty much done eating. The food was great all around, with ma po tofu and lamb with cumin topping my list. We ended up sitting in the front room, and I think the back room is a bit nicer and would have been better on such a busy night. But no deduction for that.
Ok, I've gotta admit that I'm not a big fan of Szechuan cuisine.  But the thing that really ruined it for me was the waaay over-saltiness of every dish.  Each and every dish was extremely salty, to the point that I really just had to stop eating.  At least they're consistent, I guess.  The decor was fabulous, but I think that's what makes this place overpriced.  Try one of the many other more reasonably priced Szechuan places in town.  I probably drank about 5 cups of water during my meal, and would have drank more had my cup been refilled appropriately.
this is not your typical nyc chinese restaurant.  with parisian bistro music in the background and the hardwood floors, it felt more like a colonial outpost in shanghai or singapore.  china cafe would be completely suitable for a low key date or business lunch.  i had the lamb and scallions off the reasonably priced lunch specials part of the menu.  it was very tasty and had just the right amount of heat.  the service is pleasant and attentive and i never felt hurried by the staff even though there was quite a lunch rush.  i'm looking forward to my next visit.....
A friend suggested this place for lunch on Memorial Day. The 3 of us shared everything we ordered including the Pork Pot Stick (i.e. pan fried dumplings), Pork dumplings in chili oil, beef tendons, and dan dan noodles for starters. Except the dan dan noodles which didn't look like the dan dan noodles I am used to having in Asia, I tried everything and it was all good. For mains we shared the eggplants in garlic sauce and baby lamb. The eggplants was just okay - I've made this dish myself before - they need to cook the eggplants longer and add more chili sauce in cooking to add flavors. The baby lamb was quite good - not as spicy as what the menu indicates. For dessert I had the thousand layer pastry (not what I expected and I didn't really like it). I also had the Vietnamese coffee which was good but could be stronger. It's basically a coffee with condensed milk. Service was meh - there was one girl who was very nice but the rest of the staff was not - took them a very long time to take our card for payment. The food portion was generally quite small (considering the price) even by Asian standard.
This place is truly top-notch Chinese food- not Americanized. I've been in there twice and have heard a ton of visiting Chinese businessmen chatting away. One of them told me he had heard about it in Beijing from a friend. I'm planning on making it my go-to chinese spot.
A big disappointment.  We ordered braised pork (dry and salty), tea smoked duck (dry), sauteed string beans (soggy), Chungking chicken (supposedly their signature dish - ok but nothing special), and the thousand layer pastry (nothing special either).  We could have had a much better meal in Chinatown.  It's possible  the publicity of the Michelin star has been too overwhelming to handle.
I ate here just a few days after reading a favorable review of it in the New York Times and sat at the bar, where the bartender confessed that since the review it has been "non-stop crazy."  The food is great -- spicy without unwarranted heat (but plenty of heat -- listen to your server's guidance), tasty, good-sized portions, inventive cocktails, nicer atmosphere than at many US Chinese restaurants.  Try the sesame noodles, the spicy chicken (appetizers), the pork belly with garlic and spices (entree).  Call for reservations and / or be prepared to wait -- it is small.  Only reason it does not get a 5-star rating is that the service is struggling a little with their recent fame.  Highly recommended.  (another review said no alcohol -- news to me and the bartender.  Cocktails were great!)
I had read a review of this place on a popular food blog and was excited to see authentic Sichuan cuisine in Midtown. Note that they do mean a 3-peppers spiciness rating--the chicken appetizer I ordered was as delicious, and ultimately as impossible to stomach, as hole-in-the-wall Sichuan I've had in Chengdu. I'll be back here the next time I'm in the area, but will stick with two peppers or milder.
I think the one Michelin Star this place got is an embarrassment to the guide. I love great food and I'm cost agnostic. I have been three times now trying to figure out how this place got its rating. The food is very spicy to the point where it burns your taste buds. Fine for a quick lunch, poor for top rated food. Plates are stacked on the table when clearing. Bus-boys carrying dirty dish bins through the dining room. A food rating sticker that is "Still Pending" since it opened. (A sign that they have not past food inspection). But my third visit is my last: I got the chicken fillet and after eating some of it I noticed is was mostly raw. RAW Chicken. I could not flag anyone to complain so I ate from other peoples plates. I complained when the bus-boy cleared our table. When he ignored me I raised my voice telling him this was a serious problem. He just walked away. Perhaps he did not speak English - but perhaps that means he should get our waiter. Our waiter smacked the bill on the table and ran off. No deductions made. No questions. So I did something I have never done. I left NO TIP. I was furious. Best of all - Amex bill came and they altered my check to include a tip of 15%. Where I come from that is criminal document forgery. It will be protested. I'm done with the place.
Pleasant service and decent prices.  Very noisy if you want to talk.  The tea duck was good in that that duck was tasty and moist.  The skin could have been crispier.  The pork in bamboo leaves were disappointing, but I wasn't familiar with that dish so maybe it was me.  I liked the tofu with cucumbers very much.  The dumplings were a bit hard.
very authentic chinese food and prices are reasonable... they decorated the place to have an old Shanghai feel.... place is also Michelin Star rated so you can't go wrong with that... nothing like eating good spicy chinese food in the cold winter in NYC
This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I have been to in the U.S. The food is really flavorful, well-balanced, and just freaken delicious. When I went for dinner with my bf, we had pork dumplings (i would go back just for those), dan dan noodles, and chungking braised fish. The dumpings were a perfect balance of sweet, savory, and spicy. I dream about those dumplings and look forward to the day I will get to scarf them down again. My bf and I both wished we had ordered our own so we didn't have to share. The dan dan noodles were good, but I would not order them again. I did not favor the thick peanut sauce and there was not enough of it to satisfy my taste. I was expecting the noodles to come out in a soup, but the sauce was more of a thick peanut paste that didn't coat the noodles evenly. The chungking fish was delicious. There is a heavy dose of Sichuan peppercorns, which numb your mouth as you eat. You may decide, as I did, to begin avoiding them. My bf and I ordered two appetizers and one entree and I still had enough leftovers to take to work for lunch the next day.
Cafe China is an experience. That is what it is trying to be, and that is what it is becoming. A small Chinese restaurant with fresh food and attitude, it is good in decor and taste and somewhat lacking in service, the problems of a new restaurant that maybe did not know it was going to be as popular as it has gotten to be on what should have been a quiet Tuesday night! You walk in and there is a bar scene going (in a Chinese restaurant, no less) fascinating, though expensive cocktails in a retro-40s atmosphere.  We try for and get a table in the back, hoping for a little more quiet (which is what we get, by about 1 degree). The menu is really interesting. Not your average Chinese everything menu, although some familiar dishes. The food is great! Steamed veggie dumplings are flavored like I've never tasted before. A squash dish with ginger and scallions, a tea-smoked duck, perfect in its crispiness, a whole steamed tilapia. Wonderful.  Loved the broccoli! OK. The service. I don't think it was totally the waiter's fault, although I saw the frantic fear in his eyes when my husband made the suggestion that someone other than me (the customer) debone the fish (I took pity). They clearly were not planning on being totally full on a Tuesday night!  We were taking bets on whether our server was going to make it. We will definitely go back, although I probably will order something less work-intensive than a whole fish (after all, this is supposed to be a night out for me, after I've worked all day)!
Note:  I've modified my rating from 2 to 4 stars due to quick/satisfactory resolution from restaurant.  As mentioned previously,  service and food both very good otherwise.  Original review: This one is about the staff's communication about their Tip policy.  I am confused. Hmm... this is not in reference to the food - which is, honestly, not bad for midtown Chinese.  They were nice and flexible about their reservation too (I had to delay a couples of times due to the rain/storm on June 19th). Price is fine for a upmarket Chinese restaurant (upmarket Chinese food - not an oxymoron).  Rather my 1 star was for our wait staff's communication to us on tip. Restaurant has a "no tip" sign that I saw from yelp pictures.  When they ran credit card there is no line for tip.  I asked the waiter as a courtesy whether "the restaurant requires tip."  I was told, yes, but cash only.  Why, I asked?  Because the machine doesn't allow tip, when people put tip on the receipt credit card company previously flagged them for fraud (by mistake).   Okay.. weird.  So I ask, explicitly "does the restaurant rely/require/need tip for the check?" or is it a "no tip" restaurant.    Yes, tip, cash only.  I was told. Ah, okay then, I thought.  I tipped.  I then walked out of the restaurant, and the sign of "no tip" is still on the restaurant window. What?!  Does anyone know what the deal is?  Since my tip was $40 I would like to find out.
Been here several times. Personally recommend their cumin lamb though almost all of the dishes have been excellent. The duck fried rice was great as well. The sweet potato pancake was also quite good. Place gets super packed. It's honestly some of the best Szechuan I have had in the city.4.6
We ordered almost EVERYTHING on the menu but in the end only the spicy dumplings stood out. The herbal drinks (both hot and cold) ones are even more prominent. Service was amazing.
The lucky Lychee drink the really good but I drank 2, ten had a bourbon/red wine cocktail elsewhere and STILL did not have a buzz. So at $15 a glass (for the lychee drink), I felt I just paid for lychee juice. Maybe it's also the drink was served in a small glass= Pediatric dose. IF you want to dine here, get reservations if they take it otherwise expect a wait. On Sunday around 6p, there was a 1/115min wait for a table for 2. We actually only prob waited 45mins though.Bar area is relatively small as well- 6seats? So if you don't seat there, there isn't much space to "wait" around.We orderedDan Dan Noodles- A bit disappointed, have had it before elsewhere & it was better: served with more meat, sauce had more flavor and spicierPork Dumpling in Chili oil- This was good. No great. Tea Smoked Duck- I love duck. Only issue it was served kinda warm. Granted they didn't prepare it fresh but at last keep it in the oven. I notice it was served on a nice hot plate...if only i was eating the plate. 3 pepper chicken- This was really good. Chicken pieces were fried a bite. But not too dry. Lots of heat from this dish. I would only wish it came with a sauce to eat the rice with. Our 2 entree's were on the drier (no sauce) side considering they came with rice. I  am not used to eating dry rice. Maybe ask for a side of sauce or something.It's an A-OK place. They have other good looking items on their menu , and other tables ordered meals I want to try, so I think that is enough to make me come back to try them.
I had their twice cooked pork and it was absolutely amazing.  The thinly sliced pork belly had two different types of peppers in it and was swimming chili oil.  I had to wash off pepper flakes off the pork with the wonderful mixture of pepper oil and pork fat.  If it wasn't for the rice I definitely wouldn't be able to take the heat.  Next time I won't order extra spicy as I felt like I was taking a warm shower while eating.  Great experience and I would go back again!
Like no other Chinese restaurant in nyc.   Feels like you are in someones home. Porkbelly and mustard greens off the charts .   Few wines - but very good wines. Legit Szechuan.
Sichuan food and a Michelin star? You better believe it. And they deliver!I came here after work for dinner on a Thursday. Even coming to Cafe China at 6pm for a party of two, we were greeted by a little bit of a wait. By the time we left the restaurant, the line was close to 10 people strong. For starters, we had the shredded tripe in chili oil, pork dumplings in chili oil, and dan dan noodles. All three came out within maybe 10 minutes of ordering, a welcome sight to our hungry stomachs but in retrospect none of the three were especially notable.For entrees, the three pepper chicken and sweet and sour baby ribs came out no more than 10 minutes after the entrees. This was surprising again, but makes me question the attentiveness of the cooking. It pains me to give Cafe China less than a 4/5, because it has saved me on the occasional late night at work. However I was a little peeved by the waiters' attempts to get us out the door.The restaurant itself is thoughtfully decorated like an early-20th century Shanghai establishment. The menu itself is an interesting fusion of Shanghai and Sichuan cuisine, which belies the restaurant's designation as a strictly Sichuanese restaurant.Looking past that miscue, the food tasted good, thought that is more a testament to my cravings than the quality of the food itself. My favorite Sichuan food remains Han Dynasty (their Philadelphia location, though the downtown New York one is also somewhat better).
OMG- I died and went to Cafe China!  Kid you not, PITCH PERFECT Mapo Tofu and spicy achoy greens, both with Szechwan peppercorns. Wish I could have this Every. Single. Day. Loved it. This Michelin starred gem of a restaurant was a great find here.  I usually hole up in my hotel and eat by myself in my room if I'm alone in a place but I'm so glad I ventured outside.  Tip: ask for pork with the Mapo. It tastes amazing and they sure don't scrimp on portion sizes.  Another tip: come when they open for dinner- the place fills up quickly. My one disappointment: the regular pot stickers. They were small, hard and pan fried in the wok a little too long.   The sauce was sweet soy sauce vs regular- too sweet for my taste- I prefer the hit of vinegar, soy, scallion, ginger and garlic of the more traditional pot sticker sauce I learned to make a long time ago.
The food is good, but not Michelin good. We ordered the tea smoked duck, pork belly, and bok choy. They were good but nothing impressive. Service was alright - fan was on too high and the food got cold way too fast. Not sure how this place got Michelin one star. This is more of a place for non-Chinese. I would go back I guess... but to order different dishes. Oh also, no tipping required - all included in the prices.
Whilst looking around in Maps, we spotted the very yellow business front with Chinese letters for Cafe China in front of us. It also said "No tipping" on the window glass, I questioned it slightly, but realized they actually meant it. When we walked inside, it was really crowded and people were speaking Mandarin everywhere. Their entrance is a little tight, but it's manageable. We were a group of four, but we had to wait for tables because it was so crowded during lunch hour. The waiters were doing a lot of work moving decors around and putting a set of curtains in. When we were finally seated, menus were in yellow brown cloth covered booklets. Their menu is extensive, but I was surprised they had Vietnamese drip coffee. We had food family style (sharing dishes we ordered). We ordered:a) Crispy roasted duck (meaty and it was good, but some of the meat was tough)b) Small bbq ribs (salty and swimming in sauce, BLESS THAT BOWL OF RICE, but I'd 10/10 order again) It was quite a hefty amount of chopped up bone in pieces of meat. c) Szechuan pickled veggies (spicy celery, carrots, and cabbage) d) Ginger flavored bitter melon This was the highlight of the dinner, but it was a really small dish. I'd definitely come back for. Gladly, everyone liked bitter melon. e) Viet drip coffee Decent and not too strong, but when the ice melted... It was really watered down after the drip wait.
Service was quick and efficient. Recommend the Chunking braised fish in white broth, five spice beef and sauteed string bean. Hard to find a table during peak time. We came at 2pm on a Sat and it was still full of people.
This place is popular: there were a dozen or so people waiting outside, and more inside. Since I was alone, I took the last open seat at the small bar. My garlic string beans were excellent: tasty & firm. But the spicy chicken was not so good. First, it was cooked with so many chili peppers, all I could taste were the peppers. Second, the menu said they were stir-fried, which they were. But they were also breaded, fairly heavily, considering the tiny pieces the chicken was cut into. I blended the dishes for a rating of 4, which may be a little generous. I'd say 3.5, if I had the option.
No reason this place should has a michelin star. The Dandan noodles has about two tablespoons of ground pork and only two pieces of greens. Hardly enough sauce to coat the boxed spaghetti. Truly disappointing. The scallion pancakes are just mediocre for $7... and the amount of dipping sauce they provide is laughable. Don't waste you time here just because it has a michelin star...
We decided to try this place because of he michelin star even though the rating from yelp was kinda subpar.  When we presented ourselves without reservation they said 90 minutes to 2 hours, but surprisingly we were seated after 25 minute wait (same thing for Korean place.  They usually give you the longest time you may have to wait).We ordered different kinds of dishes to which we paid about 35 bucks per person. It is definitely on the more expensive side as Chinese food but it sure was one of the Chinese places I have tried.Service was, I would say, adequate enough for a Chinese restaurant.  I think I would recommend this place to others if people want something a little better than regular takeout Chinese place
Michelin star - Good Szechuan food and the price is not too bad! Especially their lunch specials. Can I say it's a little overrated?
I like eating in this restaurant but this time took my order to go. Decided to try the lunch special:  Shredded pork, white rice and spring roll.  Pork was very yummy.  It had just the right amount of spice.  It was not too hot.  It's a very popular spot so if you decide to go for lunch you may have a bit of a wait but it's well worth it.  Try the jasmine tea.  It's one of the things I enjoy about eating in.
First of all, Im not gonna trust one michelin star because I always disappointed to one michelin stars  such as cafe china or ai fiori. Interior was beuatiful. It reminds me of 1910~30 east china. Interior itself and dishes were beautiful except tables and chairs. Service i dont really wanna talk about it. Just no. But they dont accept tips. Ok lets talk about food. Overall, the food was great. Xiao long bao was great but there are numerous places without a star but  great as much as or even better than cafe china. Duck? I think I was expecting too much. I have to say they cooked it just PERFECTly. The texture and cripyness of the skin with the soft duck meat was so great. BUT they cut it with the bones in it. In fact, in the small duck dish, i think I threw away more, in volumewise, because of the bones than I actually swallowed. Its a half of baby duck or quarter of grown duck size. I think its a baby duck bc the meat was very soft. And it got to salty and felt like rubber as the time flies. I am gonna go back there but i dont know when. What i want to say in one sentence is This is a great chinese restaurant  but does not deserve a michelin star i think and there are tons of places do better cooking and servicing without a star.
Delicious Food, but NOT Michelin-star ServiceA New Yorker recommended that we try Cafe China, and when we looked it up we were excited to see that it earned a Michelin star. We were seated about 45 minutes before closing time. We ordered several appetizer/dim sum items. They were delicious!! Just spicy enough, and the pickled vegetables were incredible! (Other food highlights were the dumplings--especially the sauce, and the bok choi with garlic.) They arrived very quickly and all at once, though. We had multiple servers who spoke to us, but no one really "owned" our table. It was nearly impossible to get our drinks refilled. A server came to us and said the kitchen was closing in 10 minutes and we needed to decide on our entree, so we did and it arrived literally minutes later. There were multiple other tables still eating, so we did not rush, but it became apparent that the staff were ready to leave. I was LITERALLY chewing a bite of food and a server asked if he could clear our plates. We still had food on the plates (and in my mouth)!! Having eaten at several other Michelin-star restaurants, both in NYC and elsewhere, we were shocked that the "experience" aspect of Cafe China was so poor. Service and experience are typically big parts of the Michelin restaurants, but not at this one. The food was wonderful and the price was good, but don't go anywhere near closing time or expect to receive a leisurely dining experience.
It's awesome. I get the dandan noodles every time. So good. I dream about these noodles.
What a great surprise!Not your ordinary Chinese restaurant, that's for sure! Everything is creative and modern. The cocktails are crafty and compliment your meal perfectly. Make sure to try several of the appetizers - they are small so you can share. The baby cucumbers and sweet potato pancakes are a must.The entrees are very creative and presented nicely. Be sure to try something spicy - chicken or beef. They also have an extensive selection of fish dishes that you don't want to miss.The place is a little small so a reservation is a good idea!
Came here on that freezing weekend in February (when it was 0F!) and thought it would be deserted. But nope, it was packed, and we sneaked onto the last free table without a reservation. Win!This place is pretty cramped, but the atmosphere inside is great. We all shared a pot of the Chinese tea which was a great kick start to the night.I ordered the pork dumplings in chilli oil (you get about eight huge dumplings - this could almost be an entree). It can be pretty spicy so if you're like me try to avoid the whole pieces of chilli and also try to get some of the soy sauce involved (which floats hidden underneath the dumplings). These were pretty good dumplings although I was expecting the fillings to be a little fancier. It pretty much tasted like high quality sausage inside.For main course I had the tea smoked duck (comes with hoisin sauce and your choice of brown or white rice). I would have preferred this to have been pre boned before it was cut - the bones in it are quite annoying and easy to accidentally chomp on. Though the quality of the meat was great and you can really taste the tea smoked flavour.In all, this was a cute spot for a quirky Chinese meal (as opposed to cheap and tacky takeout Chinese - which has its own time and place). It's cool to say you've dined at a Michelin starred restaurant - though I can't say that I tasted the difference.
Not quite sure what the hype around this restaurant is. There are more authentic Sizchuan places in NYC, but if it going for more accommodating (spice/seasoning wise) for the general population than it has wholly succeeded. The food isn't unremarkable, but the prices are quite low for a Michelin star restaurant. The staff are nice and the area was nothing special. Overall, if you're looking for some bougie version of Sizchuan cuisine than this is your place.
This review was specifically for my lunch order of the beef noodle soup and cummin lamb. The noodle soup was WAY too greasy and salty. I get they have to use loads of chilly oil to make it spicy but theres got to be another way. I scooped out a whole cup of oil floating on top of my soup...The beef chucks were pretty good though. Cummin lamb was the same thing. Too much oil. Really wanted to like this place, the owner seems nice...
We had a very good lunch here, although I'm not sure we really did this place right. We got the wonton soup, pork dumplings in chili oil, scallion pancakes, kung pao chicken, and soup dumplings. The dumplings in chili oil were fantastic. I thought everything else was very good, but not as memorable as I figured they'd be after hearing all the hype about this place. The soup dumplings were the only thing I found somewhat disappointing -- they're very expensive relative to other dim sums, which is fine if they're worth it, but I don't think these even compared to what you'd get at some of the places that are specifically known for soup dumplings. I don't think I'd get these again.That said, I don't want to sound overly negative, because I did really enjoy this place -- next time I'd just get some of the other really popular dishes that people rave about on here and elsewhere.
When in doubt, Cafe China for lunch it is! Favorite spot for lunch delivery/ take-out around my office. They're super fast - after placing the order you can pick up in 10 minutes or they deliver within 30 mins (seamless will tell you an hr+, don't trust it). Had lunch in the restaurant a handful of times but you need to make a reservation because it fills up Early and fast!I'd recommend ordering from their lunch special because it comes with a side of their hot and sour soup which is a crowd favorite amongst my coworkers and I. Option to have brown rice instead of white is free too. Currently waiting for my appt to end so I can pick up my order! If you like spice and Spicy food (huge emphasis on spicy), you cannot go wrong here.
The restaurant is small and dark and does not take reservation. By the time my party got to the restaurant, we were told there was a 1 hour wait despite the fact that it was very clear that there were some open tables.I will say however that management is good at customer relations and will try again next time.
SOLID place. I've been here numerous times. Dine in, take out or delivery  have all been stellar. Our favorite dishes are the 3pepper chicken, sweet and sour baby back ribs, braised fish, and eggplant in garlic. SO GOOD!  Really great dishes! Can't wait to order or come again.
When it comes to Chinese food, I'm very particular about it. Cafe China is one of few Chinese restaurants has authentic chinese food, decent environment and good price. I was pretty happy with the dishes we ordered: gong bao chx and cumin lamb. I ordered the first home made cocktail: lust, caution which was so so. Feels better just with a bottle of fresh Tsingtao beer. I would like to to back for my Chinese mood again. Lol
I was craving dim sum one Sunday so my boyfriend and I walked over to this place around 11 am and were seated right away. From entering the restaurant to paying the bill, they provided really fast service. My water glass was never half empty, and the dishes came out as soon as you were finished one. Try their wonton soup in the dim sum menu. The flavor has just enough of a kick to please your palate. I would also recommend the duck fried rice - TO SHARE. Their portions are generous: between the two of us, we ordered one soup, one dish of pork belly buns (come out in 2), soup dumplings and the rice and we left the restaurant with a takeaway bag for the rice. Although I'm pretty sensitive to caffeine, it was hot outside and I ordered their Vietnamese iced coffee. My verdict? Fantastic, not too strong. The server was very attentive with the dripping coffee, too.And finally, they have a no-tipping policy. What you get on your receipt for the items is what you pay! The price was decent - $26 for all the food and coffee. My only wish is they install more bathrooms. There's only one for everybody in the restaurant, and the queue filled up quickly.
3.5 starsA visit to the actual location ended up being underwhelming. The space is nicely decorated and cute, and service was fine. But the food was not quite as impressive. Perhaps it was just my order, since I didn't get any of the things I loved from my previous order.Tea smoked duck - I really wanted to try this but ended up being very underwhelming. The duck was a bit too gamy and dry, not the tender flavorful duck I usually love. Cucumber appetizer - Fine nothing memorable. Spicy tofu and fish dish - Can't remember what this was called but I quite liked it despite the small portions. Soft tofu mixed in with soft tender fish. Spicy chicken - The rendition here isn't bad and I caught myself going for this dish many times even though I'm usually not a fan of spice. ---Got takeout here so can't speak to the actual restaurant experience, which I'm sure helps elevate it to Michelin status. The food was quite good (although pricy). We got:Jellyfish with scallion pesto - This was amazing. The jellyfish was the perfect texture and the slippery jellyfish paired very well with the pesto sauce. Don't miss this.Fu Qi Fei Pian - It was pretty good but didn't make an impression the way some other dishes did. Pretty standard dish you could probably get at any Szechuan restaurant. Bittermelon (cold appetizer) - This was quite good! It wasn't too bitter for those who are not bittermelon fiends like me and was a refreshing dish among the sea of spicy food.Pea sprouts - Again, good but nothing special and a bit pricy.We also got a spicy whole fish (no idea the actual name of the dish) that was pretty good, the fish was quite tender. Everything else was too spicy for me to really comment on (not a fan of spice) but all in all pleased by my takeout dinner from here.
This place has michelin star?? That explains why it was so good!Service was a little slow. We were there on a friday for a late lunch (2PM ish) and we waited in line for about 10 minutes. Got two plates of dumplings and two mains, and I swear we waited nearly half an hour to get the dumplings and another half an hour to get our mains. Food was proper. I got the broiled fish from the lunch menu and it was proper, "tongue-numbing and yet not spicy but at the same time spicy" szechuan food.
i dunno y'all about this 3.5 star rating. in my opinion, cafe china is a solid 4. only reason i can't throw it a 5 is because the place SHUTS DOWN at 10ish pm. they're legit pushing you out the door. while i get people want to go home after a long day of work, other people want to get lit and eat amazing chinese food after a long day at work. i digress. food here is excellent and the decor is super cool. i wouldn't mind having my apt look like this place. if you don't have a ressie, get prepared to wait.
Some dishes were really good, some were lacking. But overall it reveals how good authentic Chinese food can really be. I really liked the steamed beef, delicious and delicate.
Tyy the fried soft crab which was a huge surprise to us. Reservation is highly recommended since the place is very busy. They don't accept tips and that's why you don't get the same person to serve you every time when something is needed. Food is 5 starts but Service gets 4.
Excellent Chinese food. I highly recommend the double cooked pork belly with leeks and smoked tofu. The dumplings in chili oil and the Dan Dan noodles are great too. Great for lunch.
I haven't actually dined here but I do get take out quite often and it is normally quite satisfying. What's special about this Chinese restaurant is that the flavors are really pronounced, clear, and not completely suppressed by the flavor of oil. For example, the garlic bok choy is on point. Regarding meat dishes, try going for the more authentic dishes because that's where Cafe China shines. The spicy fish filet is very tender and delicious. However, the chicken with broccoli is disappointing as the chicken is very dry and it's all white meat. The prices are a little high but it is Midtown so...
I wish I can give a ZEROThe only and first meal I had for the day, then I'm stuck in the bathroom. Headache and diarrhea... the food is definitely contaminated!NEVER GO BACK to Cafe China again! Everyone who cares about the health and want to eat clean should stay away from this awful place! Update: I ordered fish, which I'm considering as the resource of poison. Reporting to 311 and we will see what it is... The restaurant manager did call mannerly, but it won't change the fact that they have a kitchen as dunghill!
We ordered five spice beef, husband & wife special, jelly fish, soup dumpling, pan fried pot sticker, steamed spice-coated beef, chung king spicy fish, tea smoked duck, bok choy, eggplant, and eight-treasure sticky rice as dessert.The food came very quick and chung king spicy fish is lukewarm, making me wonder how many dishes were made to order.  Food flavor is above average, but nothing fancy.  Eight-treasure sticky rice could be steamed a little longer.  Servers are polite, but not very attentive due to their busyness.  Still the best Chinese restaurant we tried in Manhattan area.
I was pretty skeptical the first time someone brought me here a few years ago, considering the average Chinese restaurant in NYC is not authentic (and the "Cafe China" name didn't sound convincing), but I was wrong; don't judge a book by its cover I guess.  The food is great, and the ambiance  is chic and higher quality (which is reflected in the price), making it a good choice to bring family and friends.  Note portion sizes are on the small side, so if you have a large party, you may need to double down on some of the appetizers.Here are the items I recommend:-Mouth Watering Chicken-Husband & Wife Special (sliced beef & tripe)-Pork in Garlic Dressing-Bang Bang Chicken-Cold Noodles Szechuan Style-Dan Dan Noodles-Spicy Chengdu Wonton-Chungking Braised Fish Stew (I prefer white style, which includes bok choi and tofu)-Fragrant Fish Filet-Ma Po Tofu-Other: Tea Smoked Duck and Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs are decent; not that special in my opinion, but good crowd pleasers
Busy, food was delicious, staff can be abrupt and not always customer centric, would go back and planning to, clean inside and upscale decorating
Michelin star rated. Prices are great considering that it has 1 Michelin star, but not so great considering Chinese food usually costs less... but then again, this is NYC, and the Chinese restaurants in UES cost around the same, but don't taste as good. Been here 3 times. The first time, someone in our group ordered way too much alcohol, and then we ended up paying like $20 pp for food, but $46 pp for alcohol. o_o. The other two times with family ended up being around 15-20$ pp, so not too shabby. We usually order the kung pao ji ding (fiance's favorite dish); have yet to find a place that makes it authentically (sweet, spicy, sour), but this place comes pretty close. Other things we have ordered: potato slices (a little on the too salty side), beef and peppers (so flavorful!), dumplings in chili oil, sui zhu yu. The best thing is that the stuff tastes cleaner than your traditional Chinese places. That and the nice atmosphere.
Warning: This is not a place for vegetarians. If you eat meat, this place is probably awesome, as the other reviews say. As a vegetarian, I was disappointed in the options available. I got the "Tasty Tofu" dish which was anything BUT tasty (bland and just mehhh) and the veggie dumplings (these were OK but I was expecting better). NOT a good veggie option.
My first michelin star restaurant. Me and my friend tried steamed beef with pumpkins, soup dumplings,  and pork belly. Soup dumplings were so so... steamed beef and pork belly was too salty, had to eat with rice. Not sure why this restaurant is famous..
I'm really confused as to how this place has a Michelin star. The only decent dish I had was the fried rice and Kung pao chicken but even those were subpar. Everything lacked flavor and the Kung pao was so overloaded with peppercorns that my tongue couldn't taste the actual food. The rest had way too much salt. Also, there is no tipping at this restaurant. I can see why since the service was horrible. The servers seemed very uninterested and messed up our order.
Cafe China has a Michelin star. It hangs over every bite at this midtown eatery. Is this truly the best Chinese restaurant in Manhattan? Why is it honored and not other places?The inside is a few hints of Chinoiserie mixed with antique store finds - old light fixtures, middle school desks - and warm, yellow light. On a Tuesday night when I visit with my uncle it's packed. He's able to snag the last two seats at the bar, which mean we don't have to wait for nearly 45 minutes for the next available table. The menu is long, with plenty of choices designed to make sure even the pickiest Chinese food eater won't be challenged. There is wonton soup and veggie pot stickers, bok chop with garlic and kung pao chicken. I am being uncharitable, as there are also some interesting selection from Sichuan and elsewhere. Few neighborhood takeout joints serve pickle fish stew or mung bean jelly, let alone sautéed loofah. I ordered for the table, and we wound up with pork dumplings in chili oil, double cooked pork and the cumin lamb. The dumplings carried a profound sense of missing flavor. I missed the "ma" and the "la" that would be actually present in true Sichuan preparations. The cumin lamb and pork fared better - the obviously quality and skill in the meat bases really helped. None of the dishes here match up to the best the found in Flushing. And while I appreciate the surroundings and the long beer menu, it's ultimately hard to justify paying these prices (and dealing with the pretension here) to have food that's just not operating on the level it pretends to be.
This is the only Michelin start restaurant I've seen where the price on Yelp is only 2 dollar signs instead of 4! Want to try a Michelin star restaurant that doesn't break bank? This Chinese/Szechuan restaurant has you covered.Personally, I'm not very tolerant of "ma la" (Chinese spicy), so below you will find dishes which cater to those who similarly prefer only lightly spicy dishes. I recommend each and every one of them!Sautéed String Beans - You can find this dish in almost every Chinese restaurant but you can't find one as tenderly cooked as this. I never thought I'd be impressed by a green bean dish, but none of the other Chinese restaurants I've ever been to has come close to how this one has been made. The next time you try this at another restaurant, you'll definitely notice that most other restaurants will prepare this dish slightly overcooked.Tea Smoked Duck - Very similar to the Beijing roast duck in that the skin must be crispy, yet meat has to be tender. However, compared to the Beijing roast duck, there's not a lot of fat at all so eating it is more "comfortable" than the Beijing roast duck. Cooking for this is also much different from the Beijing roast duck. Beijing roast duck's cooking method means the duck cannot cook all the way through on its own, so water is added to speed up the cooking process (either inserted directly through the ducks butt or some sort of sponge through the ducks mouth - like a steam bun drenched in water). For this particular dish the cooking takes longer (not too familiar with how it's specifically cooked though), it cooks all the way through without extra steps, and is thus much, much harder to cook.Kung Pao Chicken - Short of going to China you won't find one as tasty as here. The chicken was super tender and juicy!Steamed Soup Buns - This is actually Shanghai-style dish and you judge this based majorly on the quality of the soup inside. You have to eat this while it's hot, because of the way it's made. Part of the soup comes from fat melted.... So once fat cools it solidifies. Obviously high quality soup has less fat in the soup. Yeah.... Sorry if you didn't want to know that you're basically drinking fat.Pork in Garlic Dressing - This dish tastes different at every restaurant because the house sauce is different, but the style of the pork is cooked the same. The slices are thin and the cooking process must be very precise and it's easy to mess up. Think bacon, but cooked thoroughly, yet still soft like a piece of noodle.All in all, these dishes were delicious and I am glad I came here while visiting NYC! Highly, highly recommend!
This restaurant scores high in my book as normally I don't like to eat Szechuan given many times, almost all things on the menu are spicy.  While I do like a kick and can eat some spice...I am not a die hard spicy eater.  So keep this in mind upon reading my review.When I first arrived, not knowing they don't generally take reservations I was a bit panicked that we'd have to wait over an hour for a table.  There was definitely a fan base for this place as I overheard many people saying they are regulars or "just had to try it" given it's fantastic Yelp reviews.  The wait ended up being 1/2 an hour (when we were first quoted 1 hr./1 hr. 15 mins).  Phew!I must say, what a superb Szechuan experience.  I really liked the ambiance of the place, the 1930's Shanghai decor reminiscent of old classic Asian films and the backdrop of everyone's typical living room (Asian rustic with Western influences).  The dinner menu was fun to read as well and I got a few laughs from the cocktail menu.  Each drink was given cool names - all references to popular Asian Cinema.  The drink I ordered was called the "2046"...excellent film and an excellent drink.  I like my liquor what can I say.Onto the food dishes, this was a seating for 5 - all "Foodie" adults, so we tried to order something from every category to get a real "sampling" of their food.Cold Dishes:  Dan Dan Noodles - very good but not enough pork for me.  Each resy makes it different.  Can't complain, we made up for the meat in every other dish.  Keep reading.Dim Sum category:  Steamed Soup Buns (comes with 4 only!) - sadly not much soup but the pork inside made up for it in taste.  I still missed the soup so this missed the mark as it's called "soup" buns!Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil (I think it's my favorite of the night) just the right amount of hot oil, the dumplings were bathing in and yet you can still taste the pork contents inside.  The meat stood out on it's own despite the oil.  This is a must try.Spicy Pork Chengdu Wonton, this dish had a two chili pepper rating and yes - spicy for my taste but it was well worth the tongue burn. LOL  Another must try.Vegetables:  Sautéed Loofah - simple and very classic Asian cooking, mild flavors and helped to clean my palate in between tastings of spicy and more spicy.  It was good to have a balance in between.Entrees:  Tea Smoked Duck - definitely smoky in flavor, you can taste it/smell it.  The duck was not as tender or smooth as I would have liked but it was smoked so it was likely meant to be drier than say a chicken dish.  A little too dry but still worth the mention.  If you like smoky and like duck...order it.Spicy Cumin Lamb - as it says, cumin, chili pepper, and onions dominated this dish alongside the yummy lamb.  The lamb was super delicious.  It was really tender and I love cumin...more than I thought.  You will too!  This dish was a stand out w/ my group.  I think it was the favorite of the night.Steamed Spice-Coated Beef (aka Spicy Beef over Squash) - the red chili and peppercorns made this dish so attractive and so spicy (looking and taste).  It definitely had some heat but very easy to eat.  I enjoyed this one a lot - again, not usually a spice eater but it went down fine.  The squash gave me the break I needed from the peppers all around.Chungking Chicken (the name of the dish, yet another reference to a classic film "Chungking Express") - the chicken was fried, had a very crispy texture, and the flavor combination makes this a stand out dish.  Nothing like you've had before ... all of the stuff you like about Szechuan is embodied in this dish.  The four chili pepper rating is true...spicy lovers rejoice.  It's a must try!Overall a fan...I may try other Szechuan places now...if only this is the standard.  I'm betting this place raises the bar.  Good eats to all.
Don't let the wait phase you: I came at 6:45 on a Friday night and was told there was a 45 minute wait for a table for two...but the table was read 15 minutes later.The food is pretty good. The pork dumplings in spicy sauce was insanely good. Dandan noodles were decent, would have preferred more sauce. Mapo tofu was authentically spicy. Tea smoked duck was meaty and savory. It's a bit tight inside, but the service is quick and the food is good. Definitely worth a visit.
This is probably my favorite spot for Chinese food in NYC thus far. Definitely try the mapo tofu, and the spicy cumin lamb, if you like a little kick. Very friendly and attentive staff. Would highly recommend for lunch and/or dinner.
The most authentic Chinese food I've experienced since immigrating here nearly 20 years ago. Overheard from a friend that this place had a Michelin Star, and in my head I was thinking... let's be real, Chinese places don't get Michelin Stars..A few glances at the menu and their yelp page got me curious - they had some dishes I've only had growing up, so I was pretty excited. We made a reservation for 5 for a Saturday night dinner the week of. We ordered a handful of dishes and the few that stood out were the pork belly over pickled mustard greens and sweet & sour pork chops. These two dishes reminded me of the way they were properly done back in China - the pork belly soaked up all the flavor of the pickled mustard greens and the pork chops were properly infused with the sugar and vinegar (not that red pineapple-y sauce..) We went with a diverse group who had multiple dietary restrictions, so I didn't get to try as many authentic dishes as I had hoped. I did, however, notice the whole fish dishes being quite popular on many other tables!I don't know how Michelin Stars are given, but this restaurant sure takes me back to the 90s.
It sad that I have to give Cafe China a 2 star. This place use to be one of my favorite place to eat Chinese food. Normally I order dinner entrée and i've been very satisfied with them! Lately I've been ordering lunch and their lunch is so horrible. The last time I had to return the snow pea because the vegetable was so old that you can't even chew on it, but I decided to give them a second chance and order lunch again and I got the double cook pork and I was very disappointed. The pork was like shredded into tiny pieces, it look like leftover pork there was no taste to it. I don't know how they can still have the Michelin star!!! Very disappointed!!!!
If I didn't know it was a michelin star restaurant before hand, I would've have never guessed it. But it's pretty authentic and definitely less greasy / salty / contains less MSG than the average chinese restaurant.The decor is pretty unique and reminiscent of a traditional Chinese restaurant.Things to get:- Tea Smoked Duck- Spicy Eggplant
Great food and efficient service. You should expect some wait because this place is always so popular. The dishes are authentic and delicious. The way they do the cooking is relatively healthy. I cannot taste much MSG and don't get thirsty after the meal, unlike some other cheaper Chinese restaurants. Maybe the only thing that they can improve on is the portion. Even as a female diner, I find the portion a bit too small.
I'm not easily impressed by Chinese cuisine but the flavors here are delicate and use of ingredients are well thought out.  Only been here for lunch but have tried their pork, beef, chicken, mapo tofu and eggplant.  All were very good.  The long lines are pretty annoying which is why I am not here more often for lunch.  Reservations only avail for parties of 6 or more or something.
I'm not really sure what to make of this Michelin star Chinese restaurant in midtown. So here are my thoughts in no order:First, no tip. Cool. Second, the plates remind me of my Chinese grandmother. Good job on that. Did you source them from China?Third, food is pretty decent. Not bad actually. Michelin star worthy? I guess if not tasting not like Chinese takeout is the new standard for a Michelin star for Chinese restaurants...then yes. Fourth, the waitstaff could be better trained in knowing the menu items. Perhaps it was because their theme of "old school Shanghai", but they only seemed to have Chinese male waitstaff and so I assumed that our waiter would also be a Chinese speaker and knowledgeable about the menu (after all they have a Michelin star?). Maybe it was just our table but our waiter didn't seem to be able to pronounce the dishes in Chinese or didn't have many suggestions when we asked for dish recommendations. They are also a bit on the slower side of things, I had to flag them down so many times for water, etc. Fifth, I found a fruit fly in my water. It cannot be helped. Gross. Overall the food is not bad I think. Actually better and cleaner than most places in Chinatown, but perhaps at 1.5-2x the cost. If you don't want to trek to lower Manhattan I'd say this is a good alternative with a bit of a steeper price tag.
Another great meal here recently. Had the scallion pancakes that I love here, followed by Spicy Chengdu Wontons that were very good. Followed with Chunking Spicy Chicken as hot as they could make it with only white meat (I appreciated that they agreed to accommodate my only white meat request) which was spiced perfectly for me (meaning off the chart). Also had the beef with green chili which was ok but didn't find that up to par with the other dishes that I have experienced there.Regardless this is the place to go for great Chinese. Just note that it gets very crowded.
I was curious to see what a 1 Michelin star Chinese restaurant entailed. We came for a group work lunch. Most items on their lunch menu range from $12-18 and comes with your choice of an egg roll/hot & sour soup. I was not impressed with the Kung pao chicken. It is hard to mess up Kung pao chicken, it is a very basic dish. The chicken did not pack any heat and contained hidden peppercorns. **Tipping has been eliminated**
NOTE: These are old prices, before they went tip inclusive. I organized a team lunch here for my mostly non-Chinese coworkers and it was a hit. Even if they keep on referring to this as the dimsum lunch. It was a tight fit for our reserved table. I want to say we had about 12 people. We ordered the following and it was about $22/pp. And for the sake of saving time, I had my order typed and printed so we were ready to hit the ground running. I purposely went with less adventurous items (no tripe or super super spicy!) for the sake of the coworkers and ordered enough items for anyone who doesn't eat beef, pork, or wasn't in the mood for meat. We would come here more item if it wasn't a slight hike from our office. 口水鸡 a2  Mouth Watering Chicken $9蒜泥白肉 a10 Pork in Garlic Dressing $9川北凉粉 a21 Mung Bean Jelly $5葱油饼 b4 Scallion Pancakes (6) $5 x 2锅贴  b6 Pork Pot Stickers (6) $6素蒸饺 b8 Vegetable Steamed dumplings (6) $6担担面 b10 Dan Dan Noodles $6 x 2 麻辣抄手 b12 Spicy Chengdu Wonton $6 x 2                       小笼汤包 b13 Steamed Soup Buns $6 x 2                       芹黄香干 a18 Savory Tofu with Celery Shoots $7                              水晶虾饺 b9 Crystal Shrimp dumplings (6) $8樟茶鸭丝炒饭 c32 Fried Rice with Tea Smoked Duck $14                           蒜炒豆苗 v12 Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic $15清炒丝瓜 v5 Lightly Sautéed Loofah $12鱼香茄子 v4 Eggplant in Garlic Sauce $12麻婆豆腐 L11 Ma Po Tofu w meat $9江北水煮鱼 (白汤) c1b Chungking Braised Fish in White Soup $25三椒煸鸡 c27 Three Pepper Chicken $14宫保鸡丁 c30 Kung Pao Chicken $12
Wow, I randomly went here a few months back and just found out Cafe China has a Michelin star. Hahahahah, what???!!??! I mean, it's a good option for Chinese in midtown, perhaps even the best??? But only because there are basically no options for good Chinese in midtown. But the food here is nothing extraordinary, for sure. Can barely remember my meal. I think I had the mapo tofu and string beans. Michelin... y'all lazy. Much better food can be found in Chinatown and Flushing, for the low low. But I guess those places don't fit Michelin's profile? Disappointed, of all the Chinese joints in all the boroughs of New York you choose this..... real talk though I probably would come back here next time I want Chinese in the city since the location can't be beat.Yo but also what kind of Chinese restaurant serves tiramisu + vietnamese coffee lol(A bougy michelin starred one, I guess)-----LOL manager @ cafe china has no chill. Relax, I mean I gave you 4 stars.........
The spicy cumin lamb is delicious: great amount of spice with tender pieces of flavorful lamb. Chinese food tends to be cooked with a lot of oil and sometimes it can overwhelm the taste of the food but that wasn't the case here. The spring rolls that come with the lunch specials were also good; they were crispy but not too oily. The service was pretty quick as well. Overall, one of the best Chinese dishes I've had recently. I want to come back and try out their other dishes.
Really hungry and excited to try this place according to the good reviews and pictures. Ordered 3 dishes from Seamless. Pork Dumpling in Chili Oil was wayyyyy too sweet. The dough was too thick and I don't know what's in the sauce I only ate two dumplings and couldn't continue due to the sweetness. The Husband Wife Special wasn't authentic. The beef slices was too thick and too chewy, doesn't hit the spot, chef didn't get the traditional flavor right. The Snow Pea Shoot w/ Garlic was ok, cooked well but still too salty. As someone who grew up eating Chinese food I would not eat at this place again. Spent over 40 dollars didn't feel satisfied at all. Seems like a place for non-Chinese foodies. Place seems cute in pictures but I suggest owner spend more effort in getting Chinese food flavor right, eat, try out, compare and study food at more authentic Chinese places.
There was over an hour wait for this place. We took it as a good sign; if people were willing to wait that long, it must be good. The menu is unique and diverse, so you'll be able to find something you like. Every dish has a lot of flavor. We all felt like the portions were a bit small for the price. Overall, it's a great, authentic restaurant. We liked that the tip was included in the price. It's a unique experience. I'd say it's worth visiting once, but I don't think I'll go back again. In the city that never sleeps, there are too many other options out there worth exploring.
Was not able to get food. We called in the order and they said 15 mins. Went to pickup and the bartender said there was no "to go" were placed. When I asked if I could order the bartender said no. So we left, they called my sister to tell her the food was ready an hour later.Update:The owner has contacted me, but I can't find a place to update. Stated that none of the staff has any idea of what I'm talking about. Funny how they would not remember refusing to take a consumers order and could not even bother to look for my to go order. Of course they would not remember anything.
Cafe China is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. An elegant gem of a restaurant tucked in Murray Hill and near Grand Central Station, it was one of the first places that I discovered when I moved to NYC. Ed, the bartender is a national treasurer. He patiently explains the dishes and the cocktails and provides excellent and prompt service. And the food is amazing!
Cafe China is a one Michelin star restaurant styled like a 80's Shanghai cafe that serves top notch Szechuan food.I arrived early with two people and spent some time at the Cosmetic Market next door. While waiting outside for our party, an elderly man told us the food was amazing and he was mad that the restaurant has become so popular. He also complained that the food has gone downhill since their opening. His adorable little wife shushed him and told us to ignore him.She was right.The interior is Beautiful with 30s posters of Shanghai stars. Soft yellow lamps with lime green and robin blue walls with beaded curtains. Feels vaguely familiar and slightly exotic. There is something slightly forbidden with low lighting and clashing bright colors and chandeliers. And The Food.Perfect Szechuan. Its Legend on their best day.Ma La is this lip numbing addictive spiciness from wok sautéed peppercorns and chile peppers. The Ma po tofu and Spicy Diced Rabbit have the perfect amount of heat and salt. You feel so happy because the heat and spice meld with the lean rabbit and scallions and peanuts. You want more!The double cooked pork is pork belly with leek and chili peppers. The pork belly's fat calms your burning lips.Sauteed loofah was a tender sweet squash, melting in your mouth.Perfect service!And such great food for reasonable price was amazing.I had a wonderful time and can't wait to come back!
Not for the Chicken Chow Mein Crowd.Very good and spicy food.Cute place and service and hostess were very nice.Mixed drinks were cheap.
Attracted by their michelin star in the first place and stunned by the authentic taste. Price is reasonable and worth little waiting.
I am so conflicted about this place. Cafe China offers delicious spicy Sichuan food, but absolutely horrible service.Wait time for dinner on a Thursday at 7:20pm was about 40 minutes. OK, fair enough. A friend in the know recommended Cafe China as a remedy for my perennial craving of Sichuan Chinese food, a craving that has not been assuaged since I moved to the City (I've tried a handful of places in Flushing and in Manhattan, and really haven't been satisfied). Did Cafe China meet my expectations? Yes. It didn't blow me away, but it met my expectations. It was the standard Sichuan dinner I wanted, and I got to have some familiar favorites just as I planned. We had the spicy cumin lamb and the steamed duck. Service.... oh man. So Cafe China is a no tipping restaurant, not that it really matters, because if tipping was the policy here, I wouldn't have left a cent. I've been in NYC for 3 years and this has been one of the most negative service experiences I've had in a restaurant. My cousin and I had put our names down, and decided to check in at the 40 min mark quoted to us. Whoops! The hostess actually didn't take our names down. Fortunately she felt bad and was able to seat us right away. The staff is so harried here, it's ridiculous. We waited for about 30 minutes for a food, and they never came to check in to apologize for the delay or even let us know when it was coming. You'd expect that from a standard restaurant, but come on, Cafe China has a Michelin star! I wanted to show my waiter the Yelp check in so I could receive the free ice cream scoop upon check in (see if the promotion is still active), but he vanished as soon as he picked up our food, and wouldn't hear me as I loudly said "Sir, sir." Would I go back? That is the question. I'm still curious about some of the items, and if I could go form a group of 4 or more (the minimum for reservations) before 6pm, I might. But that's the thing. It asks of me to be extremely accommodating to a place that wasn't mind-blowing in my opinion, or even cognizant of having provided extremely lackluster service. So, probably not. However, I'd be open to getting delivery from this place if I was craving Sichuan food again.
Why is the delivery guy came to my desk in my office and asking for more tips!???? 10% is not enough?? Could your restaurant or the delivery company have a little courtesy to pay a minimum wage so we don't deal with their protest from them for you???? So I paid $14 dollar for a lunch meal and bunch of attitude!
The decor is a very old no frills kind of place, old Chinese posters on the wall, I like when places focus more on service and food! Food was really tasty!! This is the only cuisine I can't get enough of!Baby cucumbers! Duck, kung pao, noodles!
There's a Michelin that already validates this, but this is some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. The inside of the restaurant is really cool and hip, it feels like a restaurant designed to look forward instead of playing off of typical Chinese restaurant tropes. The service is top-notch, and everything about how the restaurant is run feels highly professional. The servers tend to be bilingual, so it's an authentic experience that still caters very smoothly to non-Chinese speakers.I know that this place is famous for its fish, but I love the Double Cooked Pork here. Also, the Jellyfish with Scallion Pesto is divine. I could snack on it all day. The cumin lamb is also great, a perfect numbing spice. If I had the time, I'd come here all the time. The dinner prices are a little more expensive than what you'd consider cheap Chinese food, but it's still very good. Remember, this isn't just your local take-out Chinese restaurant, it's a high-quality Chinese food experience.But, on top of all that, they do offer super cheap lunch specials--basically combining Chinese food combo prices with delicious food. If you get there early, you might even be able to skip the wait.Definitely recommend if you like Chinese food--no, if you like food, this is a must-try. If you're looking to know what Michelin stars are about, this is a good start, and it will not break your bank at all.
This place is dynamite. I was very happy with the openness of the wait staff about the level of spice in their food. I thought the food was tasty and authentic. The pork dumplings in chili sauce was one of the best dumplings I have ever eaten, the double cooked pork was phenomenal and the roasted duck was cooked perfectly. However, the wait staff recommend the Chungking chicken(sp?) which while it was okay, came covered in dry chilis to the point of excess. Overall the meal was delicious. Rating on taste alone, this place deserves its Michelin star. Side note: they come with little round objects that look like mints at the end of your meal. Then, they proceed to douse it with hot water, where it becomes a towel. They are not mints, do not try to eat them.
First time trying a Szechuan place in New York and it was awesome! Service is impeccable. everything we ordered felt so authentic and delicious if you can handle spicy. Will definitely be coming back
Good vegetarian and vegan options.  Extra spicy mapo tofu is delicious.
Overall, I had a pretty good experience here. I wasn't blown away but It was definitely worth a visit. My friend and I ordered the cucumbers, duck and cumin lamb. Both were great but the cumin lamb had a bit too much cumin for me- the cucumbers really helped balance it out. Also, the wait for 2 wasn't that long even though I went at 6:30pm on a Friday!
I went there with two classmates, good spicy food. Many people there, and some people need waiting
5 star for the food! It's the most authentic Sichuan food I have ever had in NYC area. It's 80% close to the true Sichuan taste( I am from Sichuan) . Portions are small but delicate! Highly recommended!
The amount that I go to Café China they need to have a rewards program. I've discovered this place about a year ago. and I swear I come back at least once every 2 weeks. all of my coworkers have wondered why I always go back here and so we ordered once. Ever since then my coworkers have been going back at least once a week as well!. Dan dan noodles, Pork dumplings in chili oil3 pepper chicken5 spice beefsoup dumplingsKung pao chickenso much other food that I've eaten here but can't remember right nowIt's get packed so come with a reso or get there early
The decor reminds me a lot of Chinese movies set in pre-war Shanghai, but the food is all Szechuan. I think purely in terms of aesthetics, Cafe China is miles above your average midtown Chinese restaurant: instead of the gaudy red chandeliers and gold trim and the gruff middle-aged staff, you've got an almost library-like atmosphere of Chinese novels stacked on bookcases, fancy lamps, and waiters dressed from the latest Banana Republic catalogue. I still think you get a much better deal for the food from somewhere like one of the many Szechuan Gourmet's and its ilk. You don't have to give any tip at China Cafe, but the prices are pretty high for the portion size. Dan dan noodles and cold Szechuan noodles came in the same bowl that they use for rice. Usually, I'm a mess at trying to mix the noodles together with the sauce at the bottom and the veggies on top, but this time everything was perfectly contained within that dainty, tiny bowl. Same for the mouth-watering chicken. Mapo tofu was a bit of a mystery. Slathered within an inch of its life with red chili oil, it promised plenty of punch but when we started eating it, we could taste a ton of the numbing peppercorn oil, yet with none of the heat that this dish usually delivers. Also sad to say that the dish was maybe 80% oil and giant chunks of green scallions, and maybe 20% actual tofu.I think this place is good for taking family and others who like to chow down in a beautiful midtown setting and don't mind paying a little extra, but it's not a coincidence that the best Chinese food in this city actually comes in dirt-cheap, bare-floored Chinatown dumpling and noodle shops. Cafe China is definitely not hurting for business, as the place filled up within minutes for Sunday lunch (when all the other nearby restaurants were either completely empty or closed) and the first thing the hostess said was whether we could finish eating in two hours. But I might try some of the other Szechuan places (yes, the ones with the gaudy chandeliers and glaring waitstaff) before I come back.
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We waited about 40-45 minutes for a table for four.  Wow, wow, wow. This food is incredible - and seriously in the middle of an unassuming street. Everything we had was amazing: Dan Dan noodles are a MUST, Sezchuan eggplant was like nothing i've ever had before and I am salivating over the thought of it now. Ma Po Tofu (very spicy), beef with green beans, soup dumplings, and chungking chicken - all amazing. I liked that they had good cocktails (albeit small). YUM!
I came here with a group for my birthday dinner, but luckily we had a reservation so were seated immediately. We got the Eggplant Szechuan Style and the Ma Po Tofu, both of which were great! The eggplant was cooked well and the Ma Po Tofu was addicting.
Cafe China has been my favorite Chinese restaurant in midtown east. Usually there is a long wait for weekend dinners. A very long wait.. Like one hour or more. So I rarely try my luck on weekend or I will end up to give up and eat at Korean town. Their food is true to the root, service is attentive. I must order food no cilantro and MSG/ chicken powder free because of my personal diet habits. Nine out of ten times the braised white fish soup would still come out with cilantro and I had to send it back ( fingers crossed no MSG or chicken powder ). Also it's a Michelin starred restaurant. However the bowls and plates they use usually have cracks. It makes me wonder it must be very hard on financially to maintain a restaurant since they have to recycle a dollar less worth cracked utensils....Talking about the food, my favorite is braised white fish soup. It's a little bit sweet but my taste bud loves sugar. Sometimes the chef forgets some ingredients like tofu cubes or bean sprouts ( good thing that he never forgets fish fillets which is the main ingredient). After complain I always get my tofu cubes and bean sprouts back. I also recommend three peppers chicken, pork dumplings in chili oil and scallion pancake. In those dishes I haven't found any missing ingredients, yet those dishes are amazing.
cafe china has always been on the michelin new york list since i began following michelin restaurants, so when i was looking for a relatively affordable lunch option, this instantly came to mind.  my friend works in the area, so we came in around 11:30 on a thursday. there were already people dining, and by noon the place was bustling, completely full, and a line out the door. crazy. the decor of the restaurant as many reviews have stated is very cute and reminds me of old shanghai. very cute. their cocktail program seemed interesting too, but since it was lunch time it was astute of us to stay away from those lol. we ordered 3 stars - kou shui chicken, husband + wife, and spicy cold pork slices. entrees were cumin lamb and tofu and fish slices. lunch is served with your choice of hot n sour soup or a spring roll - we both opted for the soup. the dishes arrived at our table extremely fast - i was very impressed with the speed.  the appetizers were average - i would skip the chicken and pork next time - but the intestines were delicious! we ate that the fastest.  the entrees were really good - although on the smaller side for chinese restaurants. i REALLY liked the lamb dish - stellar - just the right amount of spices and the lamb meat was tender.  fish was all right as well - interesting preparation too - i'd never had it paired with tofu. service was included! which i thought was great - $35 per person for lunch - so not cheap, but certainly worth it for the michelin star.
Charming Shanghainese 1930's decor design with mouth-watering Szechuan spicy food. Although all dishes on menu are very common, but on the other hand no bombs and all very well executed, solid 80 average score for every dish. Very satisfying experiences. Will return again.
This place is a head scratcher. Not in a great location, right next to a discount store, but has a beautiful interior. Has a Michelin star, but offers takeout, and also has a B health rating... whatever, the food is delicious. I *loved* the spicy pork dumplings and would highly recommend them-- everything we had was good, but those stuck out. And we were there at 6pm on a Tuesday and had no wait for 2 people. At 7:15pm when we left the wait was 1.5 hrs, so get there early.
Ordered delivery from here not too long ago. Got the wontons in hot oil and the three pepper chicken.The wantons in hot oil were good, but the oil was surprisingly bland, considering how flavorful the rest of their food was. Had a bit of a kick, but a little lacking other than that - still good though. The three pepper chicken certainly did not lack flavor, however. Very hot and a really wide range of flavors. Not a bad dish, however was a tad on the dry side. Don't know if that's the intention with it, but it made for a less than desirable texture at least for me. Want to try some more menu items, and want to dine in so I can try some soup dumplings!
Amazing food!! It's a definite go-to for some comfort Chinese food. We ordered the shrimp dumplings and the shredded beef with chili entree as well as the kung pao chicken. Everything was increíble. We were two and that was a lot of food to be honest. A little spicy if you are not used to spicy food, but so flavorful!!
One of the more classy Szechuan restaurants I've been to. A nice 'speakeasy-esque' cocktail bar up front and a '30s Chinese ambiance throughout the restaurant.Service was professional. Plus, waiters were well-dressed with good manners.Portions weren't as large as those of other Szechuan places, but enough to satisfy our appetites. They offer an optional brown rice at no additional cost, which is plus!We ordered the Chungking Spicy Chicken and this spicy beef dish with pickled peppers (forgot the name). The spicy meter of each plate was quite accurate, as we went for some of the spiciest dishes on the menu and got that fiery tingle. The beef was very tender with lots of different peppers mixed in. There was a slight sour/sweet after taste...something I was a bit wary about when ordering, but it surprisingly worked well with the savoryness of the beef. The chicken reminded me of a double-cooked dish, but just less fried. Crispy texture with loads of peppercorns and scallions. Cafe China has a great selection of dishes...more mild than spicy plates. They also have an awesome lunch special menu, which offers most of their dinner dishes at a cheaper price. Two dumbs up!
Their cumin lamb is the best dish on the menu.. 5 stars to that. Must Try!!! Wish they had more options for vegetarians.
As a girl who lives for spicy food, I loved my trip to Cafe China. Extra spicy everything please! If you don't enjoy spicy food, you might think this place is just meh. To be honest, even though I enjoyed all the spicy food, I'm not sure if it seriously deserves a Michelin. First of all, this place is SUPER packed for dinner. I went at 5:30pm and there was a 40 min (which ended up being an hour) wait. It was cold that day so everyone wanted to wait inside, where there are no seats (no waiting area) and was super cramped. So that was really pleasant. They only accept reservations for parties of 4+ before 6pm, and parties of 8+ after 6pm. So if you really want to eat here, come earlier or you gotta wait. Since this place is so packed and busy, the service is average. You can tell that the waiters/waitresses are already trying their best to move around the narrow halls to take orders, serve food, get drinks, etc. So I guess it's more above average. They were really nice though. Here are some of the things I ordered:Baby Cucumber - Nice appetizer, very refreshing. Maybe save some for the spicy food later on~Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil - Drenched in spicy oil that actually wasn't that spicy. Sauteed String Beans - I feel like you can never go wrong with this dish (it's a safe choice). Yummy!Shredded Beef with Asian Chili - Not bad. I've had better elsewhere. Three Pepper Chicken - Was SPICY. I love it. Ma Po Tofu (You can get with or without pork) - Was also SPICY. I loved mixing it with rice. Delicious.
I have been to Cafe China well over 50x in my life, generally for lunch, but a good amount for dinner.  I have always been enamored with the food here and last night was no exception.  And the crazy thing is that I took the order to go.  Last night my wife and I had the spicy cumin lamb, the braised fish in tofu and hot and sour soup.  First off, the hot and sour soup here is as good as it gets, in my opinion.  It is simply spectacular!  I have had the braised fish dish many of times over the years and I never get sick of it.  It is one of the best dishes anywhere.  The spicy cumin lamb is also spectacular. Yes it's spicy but not unbearable.  My wife who doesn't necessarily like spicy food, loved all three dishes.  Finally, the people here are ALWAYS, super friendly and accommodating.  I have had many of the items on the menu here and I can probably count on one or two fingers the times I was unhappy with what I ordered, which says nothing about the quality of the dish.  People seem to downgrade their opinion about a place like Cafe China simply because they thought the food was too spicy or too oily. These traits are inherent in many Szechuanese  dishes and if you prefer less spice, ask for it.  If you don't like oil is a dish, then don't order a dish that clearly indicates it contains spicy oil.  Cafe China is one of my top five overall dining experiences in NYC (overall includes bang for buck) and should not be missed.
I work close by and had a great lunch here. The lunch specials ($12-$16ish) are good deal given that you get soup, etc. Hot and sour is very good. I had the string beans, others loved their 4pepper chicken, braised fish, and garlic pork. I'm only giving 4 stars as the shrimp and soup dumplings were just ok. Too much skin, not enough plump shrimp chunks like in HK. But DO get a Vietnamese iced coffee. Condensed milk makes everything better!!
Wow. What a great find. The food is such a delight. I had the pulled duck over rice. It is marinated in a tea. What a delight for the senses. The space is fresh, chic, and inviting. I'm definitely recommending this place to everyone I know.
Expensive.  Like most Chinese restaurants in the US, the artificial flavors overpower the actual ingredients.
Service was good. Some servers didn't speak English well enough to understand the questions but it worked out well after all.The food was not impressive. The price seemed affordable but I paid $150 for 2 people. I won't go back.
I appreciate the owners reply and i absolutely agree that michelin star should not only be given to fancy upscale restaurants however if you read the history of michelin it's about the dinning experience as a whole and there was nothing remarkable about mine. go to momosan on 39th and lex its a small ramen joint nothing fancy but the minute you walk in they go out of their way to make sure they make the best out of your time there. i think average time to turn a table is probably 30-45 mins.in that time the server take drink order come back take your food order after and in the end ask if there is anything they can improve on. my grandparents would probably kill me for saying this but we can learn a thing or two from the Japanese.  they strive for perfection and they are passionate, everything is crafted and well thought out. lastly if you going to leave out the main ingredient of mapo tofu then you should probably call it something else. im pro china and i want the restaurant to succeed dont stop here go on get the second and third star but for now try to live up to the one star that you have. i hope my review is helpful for diners out there that are also passionate about food.
This must be the only one star Michelin restaurant I've been to that also delivers via Seamless. My personal favorite dishes are the Chungking spicy chicken (must get if you like 辣炸鸡 - spicy fried chicken), the Chungking braised fish in red soup (a traditional dish), the sautéed string beans and snow pea shoots. Some of the appetizers are good as well like the beefs tendons in chili oil and husband and wife special. Like all Chinese food, food can err on the oily side at times. For those who eat gluten free, this place is a must go! I've come here with a friend who is allergic to gluten and we always love ordering the pickle fish stew. It's a very sour and spicy dish that packs a strong punch so I wouldn't get it if you're not feeling adventurous. The restaurant has many other good gluten free options which are marked on their menu. Lastly, for truly authentic Chinese food I would still recommend making a trip to Flushing.
I rarely seek out Asian fine dining restaurants.  Most of the good stuff is found in the mom and pop type places.  You know what type of cuisine the cheapest Michelin starred restaurant is?  Chinese (shout out to Tim Ho Wan, v. excited that it's coming to NYC)!  So if I do pay premium for Szechuan, it's got to be a great experience.Food generally was good.  Here's the rundown:Dan Dan Noodles- Taste wise, it was one of the better ones I've had.  Wished it was more al dente though.  7.5/10Poached Chicken in Chili Oil- Poached well, but missing flavor.  Needed salt or something.  Also, the dish would better be served on a plate rather than a small rice bowl.  The oil was very heavy and could not be drained like that.  Portion was rather small.  7.5/10Mapo Tofu- Worst rendition of this dish I've yet to encounter.  I thought it was a touch sour at one point.  I would avoid this dish.  1/10...and I'm not sure what the one is for.Fish and Pickle Stew- I have not had this dish often, but this is the best version so far.  My friend told me that they usually make it better; more sour.  Could have used more fish or even more pickled veggies.  8.5/10Service was so so.  Water didn't get refilled; I had higher expectations.  They advertised that they had increased their prices to include tip in the food price.  The price hike on our items was up to almost 30%.  I don't think that my experience warranted that amount of tip.  And I doubt 100% of the price hike goes to waitstaff.  There are better options around here, so I won't be returning.
Love that Xian took time to explain.  So obviously I don't like these peppercorns.  Lamb or beef next time!!
I don't know what happened to Cafe China, it was one of my favorite places in midtown and it has decent, good quality food. But all those became memories when I visit here today, after ~6 months since my last visit.I ordered three dishes, Chinese celery with bean curd, roasted fish, and assorted mushrooms. Only the fish tastes "OK", but just OK, the other two tastes pure MSG and very very low quality of seasoning. All three dishes are served in a very sloppy way and I can not see any chef attitude in it, which almost made me thinking "Did Cafe China lost their chef?"I see many other review talking about it being a Michelin one star and probably a representation of Chinese food in New York. I personally feel the same way that they don't deserve this star, not to mention the bad impression it could have on non-Chinese that they might think this is the best of Chinese food, which is totally way way off, as personally I can cook the dishes better at home!I'm a Chinese and I love Chinese food, so it makes me even sadder to see one of the top Chinese restaurants has fallen.
