I ordered from this place last night and will never order from there again. I ordered the chicken tikka marsala. The delivery guy showed up with what looked like a random white plastic grocery bag with only two containers inside and a plastic fork-no condiments. The sauce was disgusting. It was way too sweet, bland and creamy. I have had many tikka marsalas in my time, from all over the country, and this was the worst. I couldn't even eat it. The chicken wasn't cooked all the way, and there were only five pieces in a tub of revolting sauce. The rice wasn't any better. It wasn't basmati rice, more like .99 store rice. That was the main problem-other than unsanitary, undercooked chicken. It tasted cheap, made with poor ingredients.I will NEVER order from there again.
When I see , there is a Nepali restaurant 2 blocks away from my place I was thrilled. I love Indian/Nepali cuisine. I kept ordering there for some time and must say every single time my food was delish. Tasty, fresh, just the way I love it. I did not dine in yet, but certainly will. My favorites are- lamb Byriani, spicy an hearty,  and all kormas( meats or veggies with creamy sweet cashew nuts  sauce).Vegetarian dishes are also tasty, like Chana Masala... Theirs little dumpling called momo are served steamed or fried and come in different options. I like to buy them steamed and if I don't eat them all at once, simply pan fry them. I do recommend this place. Go and give it a try! It's worth it!
I ordered the chicken tandoor with the yogurt sauce. Absolutely delicious! The chicken was juicy and perfectly cooked and served on a sizzling plate. I've had a lot of Indian food in New York and this place is definitely up there with the best.
This is the 2nd best lamb korma I've tried. The spicy chicken dumplings were insanely delicious. I would 100% recommend this place to anyone. I will definitely be trying more dishes there. So good !!!
I'm so happy this place opened and replaced the garbage Italian spot that used to be here. This is hands down the best Indian / Nepalese food in the neighborhood and everything is deserving of 5 stars, from the delicious and varied menu to the fair prices and the extremely friendly and accommodating service. Places like this deserve your support and I hope they stay open for a long time! The takeout is also just as good as dining in.
My wife and I live in Chicago and have a thriving Indian/Pakistan community in Chicago. We were in NY visiting my son and tried Pond Spice for lunch as our last meal before flying home. The food was as good as any I've had in my favorite restaurants. Was thoughtfully and efficiently served. Price was unbeatable I will definitely return again.
The  fried dumplings and onion naan helped this restaurant from getting zero stars.  Instead of having cubed pieces of chicken breast, my butter chicken had shredded pieces of a chicken leg in sauce. I bit into chicken ligaments and veins. GROSS!!!! I basically paid $12 to have one chicken leg in sauce. We even heard the microwave go off. Hearing a microwave at a restaurant is never a good thing. Service was poor. Waiter was more concerned in cleaning up empty tables than waiting on the customers that were there. Mid sentence in ordering the entree, he left to pick up a phone call. I will not be returning.
Food here is excellent. The Salmon Tandoori is prob my favorite. Good portions at reasonable prices too.
This was my first time here and let me tell you AMAZING!!! Just to give you an idea, I have never had middle eastern food before and I'm a picky eater but this rightttt hereeee .... so let me tell you the garlic Naan with the hummus yummmmyyy and the crackers with them 3 sauces yummmmyyy. I ordered the chicken vindaloo the waiter warned me it was spicy but I didn't want to listen . Needless to say my mouth was burning. The mango drink was awesome. I'm definitely coming back. The waiter was super friendly and patient with us in deciding what we wanted. Loved himmm
I'm so excited to have a fantastic Nepalese and Indian restaurant right by me! I've ordered takeout from here twice and both times were excellent. Lamb bhuna was so delicious and my husband really liked the chicken makhani. I've also had the veggie momos which are my new obsession and the chicken sekuwa. Looking forward to trying more dishes and also enjoying a meal at the restaurant, they have a lunch thali that sounds like a pretty good deal. I don't think they are on seamless but they are on Grubhub.
FINALLY A HIMALAYAN RESTAURANT IN THE AREA ! Been working in Fresh Pond the area for a while & finally a much needed restaurant. Came with my boyfriend for dinner on a Friday, they were fully packed. The waitress was very nice , gave use some Himalayan tea while waiting. Food was great, we had Chicken momo chilly & chicken lollipop  ( highly recommended ) , have tried this dish in a lot of places , they definitely keep it authentic.  The waitress recommended a curry dish and grill for main course, we got mix grill & chicken tikka masala with their sides of Cheese & coconut naan. I'd rate all of these dishes 10/10.  Definitely a recommended for the neighborhood !
The food was ok, I was honestly hoping for a better experience from this new restaurant in Ridgewood. The Chicken Tikka Masala sauce was great and rich in flavor. However, the chicken was really chewy and did not taste fresh. The portions were small for the price that I payed! I was really excited about this new restaurant and was hoping for good food. Honestly, I don't see this restaurant sticking  around for a long time in Ridgewood.
The owner came and chatted with us and told us all about the Nepalese food we were unfamiliar with. We talked about the different spices. The restaurant is very clean. We have been turned off by several Manhattan Indian restaurants. I just ordered delivery so I can continue my trek through the menu. I am so looking forward to the journey.
Delivery is always quick, food hot and tasty. And the staff are super friendly if you visit in person. Great addition to the neighborhood food scene. The chicken tikka is tender and very tasty.
Food here is incredible!!! Highly recommend the steamed Chicken Momo - it did not disappoint. We loved everything from start to finish. Service is also really great !
We've been here a number of times and always had great food. It's usually quiet so I hope it gets busier the longer they're here.
My compliments to the chef! I have never eaten Indian food so delicious! Owning an Italian pizzeria and Restaurant I know good! I am a food critic! You have to go try this place! Well done guys can't wait to dine in since we picked up twice already!
Ordered through Seamless, food came quickly! The taste was good but the chicken was incredibly dry, to the point that it was almost in edible and hard to swallow; not good
I live in the neighborhood and was excited to see a new place open up. My partner and I went on the first night it opened, and we were very impressed. I highly recommend the bhatmas sadeko, a sort of spicy/nutty/bright/garlicky soybean salad. Also got a lamb vindaloo, which was extra-spicy and hearty. Naan with green chiles was perfect, fluffy and buttery and a great companion to the saucy entrees. Service is friendly and efficient. Will definitely be back.
Ordered the chicken vindaloo for delivery and it was out of this world! So excited to keep eating here and can't wait to stop in. If the pleasant delivery person is any indication of the rest of the staff, it'll be a fantastic experience.
Fresh Pond Spice is a masala-coated blessing. I've eaten there or ordered carry out three times since they opened, and everything has been fantastic! Order the Chili Chicken Momos if you're looking for a spicy, Nepali treat. They're just as good as the ones I remember from my backpacking days in Kathmandu! The garlic naan always delivers for mopping up the abundance of delicious sauce. Chicken tikka, butter chicken, etc. are classic standbys that always delight. The people there are so friendly, too. Great service. Can't wait to go back to try the lunch special.
super yummy food! the garlic naan is the best, definitely a must for the table. good price and cozy atmosphere
Very good food! Vegetable Samosa was good, the Chicken Tandoori was a great deal, they give you 6 pieces of yummy goodness! The Lamb curry was good as well as and the Chicken Briyani was perfectly spiced! And almost forgot to mention the amazing Garlic Naan. The only disappointing thing was Mango Lassi, which was only OK.
Great new restaurant! We had the Aloo Gobi, Chicken Korma, Garlic Naan, Veg Pakoras, and Veg Samosas. Everything was delicious! The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and it was a lovely experience overall. Highly recommended! Can't wait to go again!
I really enjoyed dining at Fresh Pond Spice! The staff was friendly and gave great suggestions on what to eat. The food was delicious and a great price.
First time ordering here, God the chicken curry and the chicken tikka masala, delicious food, delivered in about 40 mins. I will definately be ordering here again
Ordered for delivery from this place. First time having their food and it was delicious!!  Vegetable samosas were big, the stuffing was well seasoned and the outside was crisp. The chicken curry was also done very well with a slight kick but not very spicy. The chicken tikka was also well made and well seasoned. Everything was flavorful and fresh tasting.  From ordering on seamless to delivery total time was under an hour and on a Friday evening that was not bad. Will definitely order from here again.
Too expensive for the amount of food they give you. $13 for Chicken Tikka Masala and rice. No naan, no side. They give you 8 small pieces of chicken each smaller than a 1" cube and the sauce was just okay. For less money you can get a lunch special at other places near by with better food. Supposedly they have a lunch special but only for dine in. A coworker had vegetable samosa and tandoor chicken which he liked. At least he got 6 pieces of tandoor chicken with his order: 3 legs and 3 thighs. If they decide to add a to go lunch special to their menu I may give them another try.
