It was really hot and stuffy outside so we just decided to order delivery. We found this place and when we ordered, we were happy to see that the delivery came really quick, faster than expected- like 30 minutes! We ordered: The chicken tikka masala: the sauce was delicious but I felt that the chicken was a little dry. The cauliflower: pretty goodThe plain and garlic naan: this made me sad- the naan was stale and there was no crisp at all! :( Maybe we just picked a bad day, hopefully it'll be better if we order from here the next time.
I was very excited to order from Nimbooda after reading the reviews. However, I am very disappointed with the quality of the food I received. The malai kofta was great but the samosa was bland and the saag paneer was the worst food I've ever ordered. The sauce was overcooked, the paneer was hard and I ended up throwing out the dish instead of eating it. I will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
Mediocre at best, but they did give us free dessert which was tasty enough. Place was empty when we went. Also they charge extra for nan bread.
The place is really just gorgeous and very intimate not too big not too small but just right.the decor along had me wanted to come in and for this type of neighborhood Nimobooda fit right in...can't wait to go back and have a full meal cause the drinks was sooo good.oh and Ps: Did i mention its BYOB yes indeed!!! You can keep eating their food with your nonstop flow of your Adult beverages;)
Came here for Mother's Day lunch , and according to my mom "it was lit" To start we had the samosas which was served along side tamarind and mint sauce . The eggplant chaat was perfectly cooked topped with red onions , tamarind and yogurt and for meat lovers try the combination platter - chicken malai kebab , chicken tikka , Berrah kebab and fish Tikka .  My mother had the lamb chops from the special menu, meat was flavorful and soft. This place has a lot of vegetarian options, I had the Maatar mushroom, green peas and mushrooms in a creamy curry sauce went well with garlic naan. Our server was Sohil, he was polite and attentive. He was also able to tell us popular dishes and his personal favorite. The space is small and cozy with elegant decor, perfect for a date. The prices are more than fair. The service was great. The food was full of flavor and quality ingredient! Best part BYOB (no corking fee) . If you are in the area, check it out! I will be back soon !
Absolutely love this place ! The staff was so friendly and service was amazing . The food was so delicious. I got the chana saag and it was one of the best Indian dishes I have ever had . I cannot recommend this place enough
Great food, super attentive service from the owner Tom, very reasonably priced. We ordered the samosa chaat, saag paneer, vindalo, rice, and poori. Everything tasted fresh and as light as Indian food can be. Unlike other places, it wasn't too greasy.The lunch special is 50% dine in meals, which is a crazy good deal. Even full priced, it's still very affordable Indian food. Can't wait to come back!
After a snafu with the delivery driver not reading the delivery instructions, my lunch was fine. I wish I could like this so much more but I literally received such a small amount of food from them it was almost laughable. Four small pieces of chicken for the tikka misala. So I guess just know going into it that you won't get much and plan accordingly. For the neighborhood I feel like there are better options.
Food was absolutely amazing.  Fresh, aromatic, full of flavor but not overpowering.  We had the samosas, cauliflower (must have), okra and eggplant to start.  As our main we shared the tandoori mix with lamb, chicken and salmon.  Lovely quiet setting with nice background desi tunes.  It was perfect.  Will come again!!
My favorite Indian food. The chef uses fresh ingredients, nothing canned, no gross fillers, and you can taste the difference. Everything is so fresh and tasty.I live a few blocks away so I usually eat-in. They've been A grade since they opened and it shows: everything is clean and the bathroom is nice. Love the 25% lunch discount too.I have ordered delivery on those rainy nights and they were at my door in the blink of an eye.Some of my favorite things to order: chicken chettinad, malai kofta, corn saag, coconut naan, and of course mango lassi. I always have a hard time choosing because everything is so good.I've been going since they opened and wanted to keep it a secret, but now that I know the people who run it, I want to get the word out on how great this place is. Enjoy!
Excellent food. We always order seamless from this restaurant. Their food is consistently delicious. Fresh, not greasy, and very tasty. We usually order the lobster or crab curry, bindhi, eggplant, chicken tikka masala. We just walked by the actually restaurant and it was cute, clean and cozy. We met the chef just to say hello and tell him how much we appreciate his cooking. He was very very sweet.  If we lived closer we would definitely be dining in! Highly recommend.
Solid Indian spot! We decided to try it out because we were both craving Indian and needed a night out. We ordered the samosa chaat as appetizer since we had never tried it before. It was so delicate and packed with textures and flavors. For entree we had chicken korma and lamb vindaloo with a side of coconut naan, Upon ordering the vindaloo, the staff confirmed that I can take the spice and the vindaloo did not fail my expectation. It was so much heat but not to the point of overwhelming. I tasted the korma and it was smooth and fragrant. At the end of the meal, we received a complementary taster of the rice pudding and it was the perfect ending to a decadent Indian meal.
Saw this place on Eat24 and ordered the Prix-Fixe (appetizer, entree, rice, and naan) for $16. They were offering 10% off first-time orders, so that was also a steal!I got the aloo papri and the saag paneer, and was very pleased!-delivery came SO FAST. I ordered at 4:00 and it was here by 4:20. I live a mile away!-food was very hot and fresh-the saag paneer, which I ordered "very spicy" was very spicy! The garlic and onions were very flavorful. The purée is a little finer than I normally like for saag, and it was a bit salty, but overall the flavor was good-rice and naan were fluffy and good-aloo papri was also very flavorful, with good textureDefinitely recommend!
Finally! Solid Indian food in my part of Brooklyn!!! I just moved back to Crown Heights after 5 years in Park Slope where sadly, there just isn't any great Indian food. We've been so busy unpacking and doing work on the apartment that we haven't had a lot of time to cook. We've already ordered from Nimbooda 3 times in our first 10 days here! Both the lamb vindaloo and rogan josh were super tasty. The dal was flavorful-- some other places make it kind of bland. The okra masala is fantastic. Chicken tikka is tender and delicious. Oh and a cauliflower appetizer... whose name is escaping me... was excellent. And the saag paneer was really rich. Delivery was super fast. We're big fans.
While not the very best indian food in all of NYC, this is by far the best local indian restaurant I have ever lived near. They are not re-inventing what indian food is or how it is perceived in a way that some new establishments are trying to do but they do incredibly solid renderings of many favorite dishes. The lentil soup and their chicken Chettinad are particularly satisfying. If you are in Clinton Hill/prospect heights this is definitely the place you should be coming to.
Normally we do takeout, but tonight we decided to dine-in. The sever was very friendly and attentive. The food was great and a good size serving. Next time we will bring a bottle of wine since it is BYOB. We really enjoy their food and will definitely be coming back!
Great service, generous portions! Had the bitter chicken and paneer tika masala... worth trying the mango lassi too! Ambience was great and the over complicated bathroom switch was the final cherry on the cake. FYI butter chicken  also served with cherry.
Nimbooda is a joy. From its exquisite atmosphere to its refined service to its expansive vegetarian options, nothing disappoints. Its chef is an alumnus of some of the finest Indian kitchens in the city. We began visiting Nimbooda shortly after it opened and it has never let us down.
This review comes from a New Yorker who has had his fair share of Indian food. Living in Jackson Heights, working near "Curry Hill," I can safely say this was some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC. Ingredients were fresh, spices were flavorful and enhanced both of my dishes (Chana Saag  Kadai Chicken), and delivery was fast to Park Slope. Will definitely be ordering from these guys again!
Came for a nice evening out with the wife and stumbled upon this nice little Indian restaurant in  Brooklyn. As soon as we stepped in we were greeted and seated right away. The waiter was very professional and made sure we had everything we needed. The food was exquisite and definitely one of the best I have ever had. The chef is very talented and will definitely come back again
Wonderful experience dining here tonight with family. Amazing service; Ali and the team could not have been more attentive. We started and ended the meal with complementary appetizers and rice pudding; a very nice touch.The food was delicious; would thoroughly recommend! Hope these guys stick around.Point of note; it's BYOB. Shop just across the road that sells wine/beer.
A couple of weeks ago, I decided to give the the new Indian joint in town a try for lunch, and was surprised.  From the first bite, I noticed, as you probably will too, there's something more nuanced about the flavors here than other neighborhood Indian.  By the time I left, I was so enamored that I started telling people.  My parents came to town, I brought them here.  I just persuaded a group of friends that this was the best Indian in town, we dined last night.  Everyone was floored. Two things I've learned in my 3 visits: 1. The kitchen is run by two chefs from top Indian restaurants, Junoon, and Devi.  Pretty sweet. 2. Even if you know your way around an Indian menu, you'll see loads of dishes here you've never tried.  Ask for recommendations.  The new sauces I've tried have been incredible. Recently, an authentic mexican spot migrated to Washington ave from the Bronx and made big news on the blogs. Then a beloved Thai restaurant from Elmhurst opened here; also big news.   Nimbooda deserves to be recognized in the same canon.
I ordered the chicken tikka masala, paneer tikka masala, and garlic naan for delivery. First, the two masala curries tasted completely different! Second, the garlic naan was not a good value given its small size. I would give a 3.5 if possible, but will round up.
This is one of my favorite to go restaurant as it's near my house and the food is really really good. They have lot of varieties and the Only South Indian chicken dish known as Chicken Chhetinad is to die for. They have 25% off as lunch special which is great and during dinner they give complimentary dessert and pappadum as well. Their delivery and pickup is very good . I have been to this place couple of times and the food gets better every time. I just love this place.
Was very impressed. Onion Bhujia app was fantastic.Poori bread was great.Kadai Chicken entree was great as well. Definitely recommend, and will def be back.
Best Indian i've had of late.  Get the mushroom appetizer!  The paneer was fresh and plentiful and the texture was perfectly creamy n chewy.  Lamb rogan josh was tender n tangy n super flavorful.  Did i mention the mushroom appetizer?  Many veg options.  Yumza!
Love supporting new businesses on Washington ave, so when Nimbooda opened up just down the street last week I couldn't wait to give it a try. Stopped in for lunch today and was not disappointed. We had a GREAT meal. Each dish was delicious and there was a ton of food (I'm still eating leftovers as I type.) The service was perfect and decor = lovely. The staff even gave us a complimentary fried okra dish to to try. Will definitely be back, welcome to the neighborhood!
Ali was the most amazing host. We were served an unexpected complimentary soup (Rasam) that was soooo delicious. Our vegetable appetizers (cauliflower manchurian and vegetable platter) were also delightful as were our main dishes (chicken chettinad and chicken tikka masala). To top it off, Ali finished our experience with a vanilla infused rice pudding. The service, bar none.Highly recommend!
This place is a gem. If you check in, they give you free mango lassis (and they definitely don't skimp on the amount! They're delicious and plentiful). Thank you to our waitress Annie for your kindness and helpfulness when we had questions. The food is great and pretty fair-priced; good portions, too! Would recommend as a date spot. And it's B
My new favorite Indian place in the neighborhood.  Love the eggplant chaat!  Have taken a few people here and all loved it too.  So happy I can order from them any time!
My husband and I have been so pleased with their food and service every time we have dined here (we haven't gotten take-out yet)! They're never too busy in-house and at last visit were BYOB, which I plan to take advantage of soon. This place is nice enough to go to on a date, though I thought the music playing left a little to be desired. I think the quality is better than as lot of other run-of-the-mill Indian places in NYC and in the neighborhood. My mouth is watering writing the review...
Outstanding service and food!  5 minute walk from our front door.  We'll be beating a path!
Really good chicken curry. Dahl was poorly spiced with way too much cinnamon. Nan bread was excellent. BYOB a great idea. Good service.
I order from Seamless and after so many times of ordering and saying 'holy crap this is good' I thought I would be proactive and write a review here. Seriously, they are SO FRESH, SO GOOD, and for delivery for me, it's amazingly fast. I've tried a range of orders - their Eggplant Chaat and Cauliflower Manchurian for starters, Kadai Chicken, Lamb Cochin and that naan. Seriously, it's all fantastic.
At last a quality Indian in the area! I went for a meal with 2 friends on a Sunday night and we were beyond pleased with our meal. I had the paneer tikka masala and chana saag with rice, plus naans and chutneys. The food was so so SO delicious! Honestly I can't wait to go back, my mouth is watering haha. Also the staff accidentally made us the wrong dish but they insisted we keep it in addition to our other dishes - such a nice gesture. They were all very pleasant and attentive and kept our water topped up (it's BYOB so we bought a bottle of wine). Also the decor was lovely and the atmosphere was very relaxed and warm. So happy to have found this gem and will be taking my family when they visit next month!
Delivery hopelessly late. When called I was told that my food was sitting out to get cold before it would arrive to me 2 hours late. Faraz was completely unhelpful and offered no solution except to inform me that I would be waiting some time for our order despite being promised a 30 to 50 wait time.I wouldn't waste time with this place. I'm sure the other good reviews are astroturfed, as these guys don't seem to know how to run a restaurant.
Love me some Nimbooda! This place is pretty new and it unseated India Place for my number one Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. I am a creature of habit so I pretty much only get chicken tikka masala. Finally! Chicken that is not rubbery and without unexpected chunks of fat glommed on! Sauce that is of excellent consistency, perfect temperature (if you go to the physical storefront, of course), and wonderfully tasty! All I have to say is this place was cool enough to abet my celebratory rave after finishing the bar exam; we BYOB'd champagne and the waiter provided us champagne flutes and helped us make mango lassie-mosas! Made my boyfriend's b-day delicious, too!
Easily one my favorite spots for takeout, and the chicken tikka masala has never been anything but phenomenal.
This place is some great Indian, my favorite is the lunch special.  It's like 12 bucks for entreé, daal, basmati rice, and naan with chutneys.  A deal fo real.
Small, dark, quiet place. Food was very good ! Mango lassi was perfect! It's close to the Brooklyn museum and botanical gardens so next rim I'll make a family day out of it.
Great authentic Indian food, everything I had was freshly prepared. The entree portions were huge, one dish can easily feed two people. The interior is beautiful, very modern and welcoming. It's a nice place for a get together. They are also offering many promotional discounts right now, make sure you take advantage of them!
Food was fantastic. I have traveled the world and have many Indian friends.. This place is the real deal! Enjoy
My husband and I just ate at Nimbooda for the second time, and although we recall the first experience to be a good one, this time they really outside themselves. We ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken biriyani, Malai chicken and naan. Each item was delicious and very well executed! The biriyani was our favorite. The best Indian food in Brooklyn, hands down. The ambience is also very relaxing and the place is very clean! Definitely give it a try!
Excellent food!Awesome atmosphere! Service is very good very friendly! I had chicken tikka masala   chicken chettinad! Both  were very delicious  authentic!!!Well done NimboodaLooking forward to visit you again soon.........
Amazing. After trying nearly every Indian restaurant in the Crown Heights delivery radius on GrubHub, my girlfriend and I found this place. Hands down the best tasting Indian place in the area (personally, best Indian I've ever had anywhere). I've tried over half of their menu and would have to say each dish from Nimbooda was the best version I've tried anywhere. In addition, the atmosphere is tasteful and nice, and the staff is off the charts. Several times the chefs have given us free appetizers to try as they are constantly looking for ways to improve their existing menu and welcome feedback. I would eat there lunch and dinner every day if my wallet allowed.
the food was just ok. nothing great. the service was painfully slow. by the time i got my food, it was the wrong dish, but was too hungry to correct it.. I feel like i have been robbed quality time. i will say it again, painfully slow!
Excellent Indian restaurant and perhaps the best serving the Prospect Heights/Crown Heights neighborhoods. There are a handful of Indian restaurants in the area and most are decent with a couple that are pretty bad. While my wife and i have lived in the area for almost 10 years and always had a couple top picks for Indian, ever since Nimbooda (re?) opened up on Washington Ave we haven't gone anywhere else. The dal makhani is mouth watering, the saag paneer a perfect texture and taste and they have a range of appetizers you won't find in most Indian restaurants (samosa chaat and aloo papri). Nimbooda is a fresh and flavorful Indian choice that is a welcome entrant to the neighborhood!
The food, service, cleanliness and ambiance are top level. The entire delicious and interesting experience is one that makes me want to keep coming back.
Great food and amazing service. The server was great and extremely friendly. Definitely going to make this my new go to Indian spot.
We wanted Indian and didn't know of place in the area. This place had mostly 4- and 5-star reviews (and the 1-star reviews are for slow delivery, which wasn't a relevant issue for us) so we gave it a shot.We ordered the samosa appetizer, paneer tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, and naan. Basmati rice with a little shredded carrot and peas was included with the meal. Everything tasted fresh and well-prepared. I was also very pleased that they did not skimp on the paneer in my dish! I've been to many places that only give a few pieces of paneer, and it's always disappointing. The waiter was attentive and the food was brought out promptly. He also brought out a small, complimentary sample of the house-made rice pudding at the end. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here!
Came last night for dinner. The ambience of the restaurant was really nice, and we'll worth eating there. The staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating, even giving a little extra food on the house. As food the food, it's rare that I find Indian food that does things better than average, but this place really did. The lamb vindaloo, cauliflower manchurian, and navaratran korma were all excellent. I especially want to highlight the chicken chettinad, which was both unusual and delicious. If I had any criticism, I'd say the samosas were a little bland, but overall an excellent find. Highly recommended.
This Place was great. The food was really good...the atmosphere was cool...and VERY clean...and our server was great as well. This is definitely  on top of my list for an Indian Food chill spot.....very good for weeknight dinner and you just wanna chill with a friend or 2
Dine in. A life saver in this area - top notch Indian. This place just opened and they aim to please. 3 things set this place apart:1 large portions. We had a samosa appetizer which came with 3 samosas and dipping sauces (mint, tamarind, tomato, all spicy). The 1 order of garlic naan was enough for 2. We were full after each having an entree.2 the food is spicy and flavorful. Chicken korma and lamb rogan josh are not known for their heat but had a pleasant tingle. 3 25% off if you dine in. Whole meal was 30 bucks! Service was excellent and attentive. They are really focused on the customer experience. We got free soup and dessert. Again, 30 bucks for 2!They have a price fixe if you take out which comes with an entree, naan, and an appetizer for 15.95. This place is the bomb
Granted I only tried a few appetizers but finally delicious Indian food in the Crown Heights/Prospect Heights area. Welcome to the neighborhood! Very happy you're here. Can't wait to come back for dinner soon.
Visited Thursday night before Christmas place was empty but service was shockingly slow, especially for Indian joint. Server and staff were friendly and well intentioned but I'm sorry, there was definitely a language gap. I think they have more than one location and maybe understaffed. The food was good, not great. Not especially flavorful. Nicely appointed and clean, a little small and tight seating.
Food was good, especially enjoyed the Lamb Cochin, which was very flavorful and something different than standard indian restaurant fare. The staff is friendly, and really went out of their way to make sure we had a good time.No liquor license yet, but they let us BYOB and even brought out fresh glasses when we switched from red to white wine. They're doing a 50% off grand opening special, so dinner for 4 people with three appetizers and desert came out to around $40! At those prices it's an ridiculously good deal, and still seems reasonable at full price.
Have eaten here four times already..they def know what the are doing - this is their second restaurant - first is in Williamsburg near the bridge. Fresh ingredients, excellent service, delicious food, and very reasonable prices make this place a winner and I'm very thankful we now have a top notch Indian place around!
Good naan. Not greasy. Fresh flavors. Fried okra salad was unexpected and nice. Very friendly people too. Happy to have a legit Indian restaurant in the neighborhood!
The best Indian food in the neighborhood! Saag paneer is incredible and the eggplant appetizer is great!
I was a bombay masala loyalist until this place opened up. The food here tastes healthier, the meat was really tender, and if you call the order it's cheaper than seamless
Hard to understand the 5 star reviews. While the service was prompt and pleasant, the food was mediocre at best. Saag paneer was tasteless puréed spinach with a lot of chile but no other seasonings.  Chicken tandoori tasted like it had been sitting around for a few days. Chicken tikka masala was ok but oddly sweet. Kitchen was unable to fulfill the request to make the vegetable biryani not spicy (for a child). They Kindly offered to replace it but the 2nd attempt was no better. Food also came suspiciously fast - it was clear that it was pre-made and simply reheated. The only thing saving this from being only 2 stars was the helpfulness of the servers. If only there were better Indian restaurants in the Park Slope area ...alas ....
For what the price was for lunch (over hundred dollars), it was totally not worth it. Was on a business lunch and food took forever, even though we were only two people there. Server tried to fix things but he only had so much authority. For a rack of lamb, we only got two pieces? When mentioned that's confusing on the menu, no one apologized. More headache then it's worth and nothing special.
Everything was delicious and the atmosphere here is wonderful! Nice, delicate, and comfortable I would recommend to anyone who loves Indian cuisine
Best Indian food in Brooklyn. Food is to die for - original, delicious, so good I want to marry it. Samosa Chaat is like no samosa you've ever tasted. Original twist on the concept combines samosa with chana masala, drizzled with yogurt and tamarind sauce. Oooh la la. Crispy okra appetizer is a real treat. Aloo gobi had a complex tomato flavor with surprising depth. Lassis are delectable! We tried the salt and the rose, both were marvelous. Tom, the chef, took our order and took great care of us. The 50% off lunch special is unreal. Two of us ordered everything in sight, took home enough for dinner +, and the whole thing cost just about $30. Tom just offers this special for the love of it, to expose people to the restaurant. There's no reason to do anything else with your life other than eat here every day.
Fantastic new place. I am Indian and generally avoid Indian restaurants like the plague because they all serve the same 5 North Indian dishes and are invariably too oily. Nimbooda is totally different, fresh, authentic, and has more diversity from the other regions of India like Kerala and Goa. The crab curry was phenomenal and Cochin lamb delicious. Will be going back/ordering takeout again very soon!
I tried this new place out a few weeks ago. I went with my signature dish, Chicken Tikka Masala. So far the best in Brooklyn. The naan was excellent. Going back soon to check for consistency. I'll let you know how experience two goes.
My family and 2 friends had a wonderful meal at Nimbooda last weekend.  We ordered a fresh and tasty bel poori appetizer, chicken tikka masala (for the kids), channa masala (super!), dal mahkni and palak paneer with 2 breads (paratha and nann).   We have been living in the Prospect Heights, Park Slope, Franklin Avenue area for more than 13 years and Nimbooda is by far the best Northern India we have had in this borough.  We love you!  The service was also lovely and very professional.  We will be coming on a regular basis and we hope that they maintain their high standards!  SO glad you are so near.  (PS. My husband is Punjabi so the compliments are real and not the musings of an uninitiated "gori" who doesn't know Northern Indian food.)
The food is incredible and so is the service. The food tastes very authentic and is not loaded with oil or grease. Many Indian restaurants overload their food with oil and it ruins the flavor of the food. Not this place! Also, the staff are very friendly and polite, committed to making sure their customers are satisfied. Very impressed and will definitely be back!
I can't comment on the food since I ordered delivery and I had to cancel the order after waiting over two hours. Very disappointed in the customer service. They made excuses about being short on delivery staff. I realize that may be true, but then don't lie and tell me the order is on the way when it wasn't. I called three times and they kept saying a few more minutes.  I live 6 blocks away from them.
I have tried all the other Indian restaurants around Clinton Hill and this is the best. great flavors, extensive menu. we will be back.
After trying several Indian restaurants in the Prospect Heights/North Slope vicinity, Nimbooda was a pleasant surprise. The food was fresh, not over-spiced or overcooked as it so often is elsewhere. We ordered two staple dishes: Tandoori mixed grill and Palak Paneer. The grilled meats were a delicious assortment: three preparations of chicken, grilled lamb, merguez sausage and a small filet of salmon, all perfectly cooked and seasoned (selection probably varies). The Palak Paneer was also delicious, an appetizing spinach green color and not too heavy on cream. We also received a complimentary cauliflower appetizer, lightly batter fried in a tangy tomato sauce, as well as complimentary rice pudding for dessert that was a cut above the typical milky gruel. We left feeling full, but not uncomfortably stuffed the way I'm used to feeling after most all other Brooklyn Indian places I tried. The 25% off made this a true bargain, though we'll happily return at full price.
Went last night for dinner. The service was perfect. For our main course we had shrimp curry and malai kofto which were equally delicious. Will definitely be returning.
ordered delivery from here for the first time on 4/15. the paneer tikka masala was very flavorful and fresh. however the rice was a little dry and the navrattan korma was a bit watery. the delivery arrived quickly.
Was wandering past on my way elsewhere and saw that they just opened (they were literally still installing some shelving as I was being served), so I decided to give it a try. Solid Indian food, friendly and helpful staff, and decent/average prices (particularly great price with 50% off for the grand opening). I live in the neighborhood, so chances are high that I'll be back.
Delicious! My standards are pretty high when it comes to Indian (I'm Indian!), and they definitely meet the bar. Go for the combo kebab platter!
A step above your neighborhood Indian restaurant.  The samosa chaat was delicious.  The malai kofta was also wonderful.  Service was delightful.  Will be back soon!
