This place is actually pretty good but dont arrive to early because it takes them awhile to prepare the food..other than that the inside is pretty clean and sanitary! I had the butter chicken..samosas..and garlic naan..the butter chicken was pretty bland..but not too bad..and the samosa was over cooked and burned..the green chunti totally wasnt hot enough!! I worked with indians for two years and they always brought me home cooked punjabi food! Oh how I miss it..but for the most part Id go back to this place
I tried this place for the first time the other day, after reading the reviews on Yelp. It turned out to be a great choice as well! The food was really good! The owner of the restaurant was really nice and helped us order. The service was good as well. The location is nice and quiet. Food: We had the Butter Chicken, Chicken Biryani, Nun, Garlic Nun and Plain Rice. The Mango Lassie was good as well. I had hot Gulab Jamun for dessert and it was delicious!I would def recommend this place and I will definitely come back here again!
I traveled to India a few years ago and I can tell that I've found here the most authentic and tasteful food. Definitely brought back memories. Everything was so great the food, the service and the people. Would definitely come back!!
Price was fair to a great deal for the food. It's the same portions as those places that charge you about double. Service was good and clean as well. It was packed with lots of big groups but the service duties didn't suffer.Food was big in portions and the quality was pretty good. I always order a meat vindaloo dish and this time I can chew on chunks of ginger! Well that's pure i guess. Other Indian restaurants make us share a bowl of the rice if it's like two of us, but he gave us each our own rice as it should be by order. Water pitchers are absolutely bonus in my book because I'm a massive water drinker to keep the flow of my diet. Tandoori chicken also had lots of grilled onion pieces I munched on.  I was too full to eat the one piece of naan we ordered later. Vegetable samosa was big, salty like a french fry but mashed with chunks like a meatloaf, minus the mean.I was satisfied the bathroom wasn't gross either for a small place. Only regret was my gastro party from the meal to all night. Hope they used lots of turmeric to pump into my health. The street parking sucked until you find that spot to open up.
This might be my new favorite Indian place. Located in the Indian area of Richmond Hill Queens. Everything we had was great. The Samosa Chaat was awesome and the butter naan was great. Also very cheap too. Service wasn't the fastest, but then again it was quite busy.
I'm starting my review in the middle of the meal. First of all, this establishment is very local and very modest. A few tables and booths are all there is.  Not fancy in the least.  I tried the vegetable samosa..  There were two large samosas with excellent flavor.  Not greasy at all!  The accompanying sauces- tamarind in particular- were spicy and robust.  A salad with very little dressing was simple yet loaded with cumin and other chaat spices. For my entree I had chicken masala.  This was one of the best indian dishes I've ever had.  It was topped with julienned ginger and was spicy and packed with aromas that enticed.  A definite winner.  Dessert is to go as I'm stuffed.  I will definitely revisit the India Cafe.
The best Chicken TIkka Masala I have had in a while. I have been to my fair share of Indian restaurants as I am too lazy to cook the food myself and I have to say they are number one. The naan was by far the largest I have seen for its price. The place itself is very intimate and cozy. It's right on Lefferts Avenue and the Q10 stops right in front of it and the Q24 stops across the street from it. Highly recommend.
Went today (Saturday, about 1:30.) With signs in the window you can't see in and when we did stick our heads through the door, the place was totally empty. We looked at each other, almost left, but decided to stay - and so glad we did. Although the decor is 'neighborhood pizza-ish, the food is great!  Large mango lassi's (to quelch any potential mouth fires) were delicious. The vegatable somoas were fresh and tasty as well as both of our entrees and the warm bread.  Perhaps because it's all cooked fresh, it took about 20 minutes for the entrees to come out, but when food is this good, I don't mind the wait. The staff was welcoming and helpful and we will definitely return. (Puts the 74th street/Jackson Heights area food to shame!)
Just had lunch at this cafe after reading Yelp reviews. It was delicious. The owner was very nice, made recommendations and made sure to understand my spice level. Authentic and fresh food. Great customer service. I'll be back!
I will come to this place from now on. You can taste the real Indian food.  It's fresh  and homemade. I used to go around  Roosevelt and 74th Street but now that I tried this place I won't be able to go back. The place is not fancy at all but I don't care very good food and cheap.  You don't find a lot of cheap places anymore.
I went there last night because I was in the area and too lazy to drive to the Indian places on Hillside Ave or Jackson heights. I got all hyped because the place was rated 4.5 stars. Sure it was only from 21 people, but that's a lot for this area. We walked in. The place is tiny. Both servers were cleaning tables, and no one looked up to greet us. Finally I announced ourselves and declared we were sitting at a table by the window. For some reason the windows are blackened so you can't see out. I'm sure this will seem like a great idea until the place gets robbed. We ordered the somosas, chicken tikka, butter chicken and naan. The somosas came out first. After what seemed like forever, the chicken tikka came out. We patiently waited for our butter chicken and naan, but nothing. We finished the lack luster tikka which had some weird tasting spice, when the waiter came over to ask how our food was. We informed him that we were still waiting for the rest. It eventually came out. Everything was okay at best. The whole experience was disappointing. But that's what I get  for being lazy.
If I could give this place no stars I totally would!! Worst service ever, they have such a rude staff. Awful awful hospitality, I can't believe how they even survive on being such awful people!!! Please do the world a favor and just quit. If you like being treated like garbage then go here otherwise you should find a much nicer establishment with owners and employees that care about their customers! Worst place I've ever been!
I went there for the first time today and I have to say that was one of the best restaurants I have been to. great location, good quantity, tasty food, service was excellent. Try the goat curry and the chicken tikka masala it was outstanding. Prices were cheap but worth it. I will definitely be going back over there.
The food was amazing!! I loved the paneer pakoras with the tamarind sauce, delicious! Im a vegetarian and ordered garlic naan and shahi paneer. Mind you, the garlic naan had real garlic that i could taste! Yummy.The owner was extremely nice and helpful, i cant wait to go back and try more dishes.
Its one of the best indian restaurants i have been to. The Best Punjabi food available. The cost is also reasonable. I really liked Butter Chicken, Tandoori chicken and Mutton. I would definitely try this restaurant on my next visit.
My first time having Indian food.... Amazing! Very simple cute cozy place... The food was fresh tasty and very good quality, I'm not from here, I found this place through yelp and decided to check it out. Satisfaction
Samosa Chaat, Shahi Paneer, Veg Pakora, Veg Biryani, Malai Kofta, Chili Paneer and Chole Bature. Probably the best I have ever had in an Indian Restaurant in the US. Inexpensive, Awesome Quality and Ample Quantity.
This is a great Indian / Pakistani Restaurant among many such restaurants nearby. What differentiates them is the great food (especially Fish Pakoras, Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken) which when combined with great service (with a smile!) makes going there a remarkable experience everytime!The owners (a couple) are affable and pleasant to interact with. Go to this place for great food and a good time!
The best, and I mean the absolute freaking finger licking *best* achari kabab I have ever had! A sizzling platter of goodness, and I savored each bite and enjoyed the meal thoroughly. It was on a random recommendation from the waiter, who hit it right on the head. I live quite far from here, but look forward to visiting India Café every time I have to go to JFK!
Absolutely blown away by this place. It's nothing to look at, but looks are deceiving in this case. Incredibly flavorful, delicious and authentic Indian food. And the portions-to-price ratios are fantastic. Have been back four times and this place is a can't miss - I'm so happy to have found it!  I can't really recommend anything specific since everything is awesome, but one thing that was suggested by the super friendly waiter was Dal Makhani (black lentils) which is one of my favorite dishes there!!
We went there before some days and we ordered chicken curry and butter chicken and the meat was uncooked but the staff is good
i was wondering if anyone will discover this little place hidden in Ridgewood. Delicious Indian food, tiny place but good portion and fantastic taste. Service is humble and efficient. Price is unbeatable. They are here to serve the locals and foodies from queens who wants authentic-non pretentious Indian food.
Would recommend the butter chicken and the chicken biryani. Flavorful. The right amount of spices and finger licking good. This comes from a guy who has tried a lot of chicken biryanis in NYC.
Must try there veg/non veg thali. Good thing is you can make a combo of any available dishes. Its very economical and worth tryin once
Their food is reasonably priced compared to other indian restaurants in the area. However, their attentiveness to take out customers is lacking. There is no formal greet or a counter that which you can approach, besides the counter with temper glass about 6 feet high. The food is good.  Their customer service is lacking.
Might be the best indian food I've ever had.  Friend i came with had the chicken tikka i had the lamb saagwala and a tower of bread.  Didnt feel that great the next day (my friend reported no gastro intestinal problems, so it was probably just my silly stomach), but I dont care.  Authentic india pak cuisine, nice people, extremely friendly wait staff.  I am looking forward to my next visit to this place, it is the shit.
I love the food here don't get me wrong but, today I was passing by and had a craving for samosas.  I went in and the place was empty. The female server who apparently was mad because she is working had an attitude when I asked if I could order she said she had to clean the tables. I placed my order with whom I think was the owner, very pleasant man and as I was waiting I happen to look in the kitchen and saw the same female server standing there picking out carrots and cucumber and eating from a big bowl of what seemed like pre made salad.  I am certain she did not wash her hands after using windex or whatever it was when she cleaned the tables. Then I saw that they took salad from the same bowl for a take out order.  This was a huge turn off for me and this is the reason for the one star.
Great indian food better then the other places around. They give a lot of food and delivery is fast.
