Found this by mistake! Super tiny - excellent food - from a worldwide traveler with high expectations. Don't expect the ambience - just go for the food!
I went there at 4PM as I completemy forgot to get anything to eat, and though it was on Yelp's Radar I felt it could use a couple more reviews. As always, I try to be as vegi as possible so I took the 2-vegetarian things, of which I choose Taka Dal and Mix vegetables. To that were added, a large portion of rice and a big naan. The food was tasty, and the portion very large for the price. The place itself is not very good though and you would be better off to take away, I did not as my brain was in "sleep mode".
Got delivery from Seamless last night. It came before I even expected, probably in about 25 minutes. I ordered chicken makhani, which was MORE than enough for one person. It was just a little spicier than expected. I would say 4/10 spicy. Food was great though. The dough of the naan was still warm and even a little doughy, not undercooked though, just fresh. I'd eat there again!
Very good inexpensive Indian takeout in East 30/40s. grand central REAOld school Indian does not fail.  Delivery is fast and efficient.   Chicken saag and curry were excellent.   Generous portions.
Nice enough take-out buffet; a few tables if you don't mind the lack of decor.  Prices are reasonable.  Order at the counter or call ahead for pick-up or for delivery.Counter help were nice enough.  Tell them which combo plate you want and point at the veggie sides.  I will go back.Take-out was with aluminum containers - not so good if you plan on microwaving the platter; they may have styrofoam as well, I did not think to ask.
the food is amazing and great! but the reason i gave it such a bad review is because after ordering and waiting 50 MINUTES for my delivery, they forgot half my order!!! and when i called and told them that they forgot my order, the man on the phone said he can't give me my food, EVEN IF I WENT AND PICKED IT UP MYSELF, and can just give me credit. HOW does that make it okay? i understand if it was that i had to wait 20-40 minutes more, but he just said he can't give it to me at ALL. it was the most rude and unprofessional thing i've experienced. So while i'd go for the food, the customer service needs work.
I ran across Joy Curry when i was out running some lunch errands. Great food - very tasty and good portions. I had the chicken karahi with spinach & lentils.Super filling for $10. Service was fast & friendly.
Ordered from seamless to the office and not only did the foot get delivered way quicker than they estimated, it was still hot when I got it! I feel like that combination of things never happens...I ordered their lamb and vegetable platter, with lamb vindaloo and okra (bhindi masala, I believe?). It comes with rice and naan, and I also got a side of the green sauce. Be warned, the side of green sauce is the size of the hummus containers you buy at the grocery! The lamb was not too spicy, and was good, and I loved the okra. The naan was also really warm when I got it! So good! This meal is plenty to have leftovers too, so it's a great deal. I'll definitely be ordering from here again. I wish you could substitute the garlic naan for regular naan, even if it cost a little extra though! That's one issue with seamless, is not much flexibility. Maybe I'll call in?
I am extremely picky about Indian food and decided to try this place because of the stellar reviews but I was sadly disappointed. I ordered the  pick 2 veggie lunch special w/ Palak Paneer & Aloo Gobi Muttar with naan. 1. The food was EXTREMELY bland with no salt or any flavor. 2. The Raita wasn't even refrigerated, so it was very warm and distasteful. 3. IT WASN'T SPICY AT ALL...not even a kick. 4. WHHYYYYYYY ???Overall, if you're looking for bland Indian food...this is definitely the place for you. BUT..if you're looking for true flavor and a real taste of India..I STRONGLY advise you to not even waste your time here. This a review purely on the food..the staff were really nice and even gave me an extra raita.(but it didn't matter because that wasn't so good either)
This little place is awesome!! Came here while Christmas shopping, was really craving some curry. It's small, but super clean!! Food was delicious. I couldn't pick between sides and the sweet guy working the counter gave me both so I could try them. Definitely putting this on my "hole in the wall" places to eat list.
Pretty bad...My delivery guy was lost, bless his heart but that wasnt an issue, he had to put someone from the lobby on the phone. It happens I get it...but the food wasn't great either. the vegetable pakora fritters were greasy and no flavor. Cheap food, and you get what you pay for. The mix veggie dish was alright.I've had better. Not sure that I'll order again
*Review for delivery only.This place is delicious! I ordered the Mulligatawny soup and Chicken Tikka Biryani (with a special request to make it spicy). I'm a huge fan of Mulligatawny and Joy's is in my top 3 (a restaurant in Delhi & my Dad's own are both comparable). The soup is delicious and thankfully not watered down like most places I've tried it at. You can tell it's made authentically with bits of rice added and the right amount of curry. Props for delivering the soup piping hot! Sidenote: This is a steal considering you get a large soup for less than $5.I'm not usually a biryani fan - all that rice just does not appeal to me, but I'm literally addicted to this one. It's flavorful, spicy, and the chicken is really well cooked. The portion was huge!Delivery estimate via Seamless was way longer than what it actually took. I got my order delivered about 30 minutes after ordering.
Joy is a solid choice if you're in the area and looking for a no frills, inexpensive but satisfying Indian meal. I ordered two non-vegetarian platters to go one day when I was too tired to make dinner and was very happy. The chicken tikka masala, a standard go-to dish for many people was executed properly. The accompanying aloo gobi was also very tasty.The chicken vindaloo surprised me. I find myself often disappointed as I feel that many Indian establishments hold back regarding how spicy they make their dishes to accommodate a more western palate, but that was not the case here. Palak paneer, a dish I do not normally enjoy was also wonderful.  Samosas, both vegetarian and chicken, were phenomenal!Definitely recommended when looking for a quick bite.
This place made me love Indian food. Not a fancy place at all, which only makes me like it more. I used to come here regularly, but I'm not in the area as often as I was before. Nevertheless, these guys will treat you as if you've been coming here every day for years. The food is an A, but my experience with their service has always been an A+
This is my go-to for casual Indian lunch delivery. Always good eats :) I normally get the tandoori chicken, lamb vindaloo, basmati rice, naan and a mix of the chickpeas and spinach as my veggie side. Inexpensive and tasty - recommend if you are in the area.
The Tiki Marsala was damn near perfect.  Same with the vegetables, basmati rice and garlic naan.  The place is a dive; clean, but not much to look at.  Not a date night place, but if you want "great" Indian cuisine...this is the spot.
Seamless Order: Gotta give it to this place. We ordered off seamless. They had a great deal for indian food which is typically appallingly overpriced in this stupid city. Usually indian costs me and my gf at least $40 on seamless for a normal amount of indian food. This cost us $33 with our 15 percent discount and was absurdly large. We got the dinner combos which came with an entre, an app, daal, naan, and one of those liquidy indian style doughnuts. Additional naan was $1.50. Great deal. Anyhow. Deliver was fast as hell. And holy shiznit was it a lot of food. Two bags full of food for just the two of us. Ended up being two full meals for us. Chicken tikka was pretty darn good. Lamb vindaloo was also good and spicy as we requested. Food was warm when it arrived. Chat was whatever. Samosas were dank. Anyhow. I would def recommend this place for seamless delivery. Cheap and quick and good. Next time i think we will get the $10 combos tho cuz its even cheaper and the $15 dinner combos were just too much food. Order from this place.
We traveled to New York for business and after a long day of working my husband and I didn't want to leave our hotel room. So we took a chance and ordered delivery. We only knew about this place from Yelp. Never saw it before. I don't even know where it is. We were quoted a 45min to 1 hour wait... thats fine. But the food arrived 28 min from when i placed the order! Everything was nice and hot and the naan was NOT soggy (which was my biggest fear) My husband doesn't love Indian food as much as me but he said this was the best he's ever had! It was so good and for the $1 up charge you can get your dish made with only white meat (chicken) which seriously was amazing!!! The amount of food they give you is awesome and by just ordering 2 dinner portions we had probably enough for 4 people! Needless to say i would totally eat here again!
Ordered delivery and it came pretty quickly and was quite tasty. Bread was soggy, but had good flavor.
Quick stroll from my office for delicious, fresh food - lots of variety - and friendly, prompt service. I had the lunch special with two vegetable dishes, served with rice and fresh naan that was right out of the oven. Portions were huge and after enjoying half of it, I decided to pack up the other half to enjoy tomorrow. The man behind the counter could see I was undecided and he smiled and said he would give me a scoop of lentils (a third vegetable dish) at no charge. The mango lassi rounded out my meal - not overly sweet, and very refreshing. Great choice for vegetarians and carnivores.
Simple lunch place thats yummy and has a really nice staff. Prices are decent for the amount of food you get. I like the tikka masala, spinach and cheese and mango lassi the most. Chicken tikka however was dry and meh.
The aroma wafting through the dining area alone, puts you in a food coma. I am not a fan of Styrofoam plates and plastic bowls, as I am an avid recycler, but the food and hospitality more than makes up for the environmental issues. Lol the garlic Naan is to die for! We ordered two, for three people. One, was more than plenty. Full size, and I mean, plate size! The three meals we purchased were outstanding! The serving size makes for plenty of leftovers. Come hungry!!!!!! My only regret, not being able to freeze it and take it home on the flight :( We have been to quite a few dining facilities here in Manhattan..... And I wished we had made the first meal here. Every meal since, would have been the same wonderful Establishment! Well done guys, well done!!!!!!!!!
great great great, compared to the price everything was good in here! As always chicken tikka masala all the way!
I was looking for a new place to have lunch, and I am really glad that I found this place.The restuarant is generally clean, and most of the tables were taken--a definite good sign. I went up to the counter and ordered the chicken tikka masala "Joy Platter."  It  comes with one vegetable, basmati rice, and, of course, naan.  I also ordered one meat samosa.  The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient.The samosa was okay.  I've had better and I've had worse.  The chicken tikka masala was wonderful.  The sauce was smooth and flavorable.  For my vegetable, I had the palak paneer--spinach with cheese.  It was creamy and tasty.The Joy Platter was very aptly named!  I plan to visit this place more in the future.
Ordered Fish curry lunch special to pick up. Guy at the counter greeted me like a long lost friend! I was 40-50 minutes late, but they kept it warm somehow. Food was good and fresh, on a rainy New York day. Made my day.
This is more like 4.5 star. Non-veg items are great, veg dishes are average. Great goat curry and good biriyani. Chicken tandoor needed little more cooking, other kabobs were great. Very firendly staffs/owners and great service.If you like goat/lamb - this is the place for you.
very poor taste... Full of oil and less of taste. I ordered ras malai which was spoiled!! Palak paneer had no paneer. Totally hated that food!!
This place is a MUST when you're sitting at work and craving Indian food for lunch! My boyfriend doesn't eat it, so I am forced to eat it alone at work and this place is my GO TO! The lunch special portion is huge and SO tasty! Great flavor and it comes QUICK and HOT! It's no frills and that's because it doesn't need any!
Food was bland and tasteless. The tandoor nam bread was fluffy and warm but had 0 taste. The chicken masala had no taste as well the sauce lacked any real herb seasoning. The lentil paste did not taste like anything at all. However the chickpeas were delicious the only saving grace from my lunch.
Yes, I'm very picky when it comes to Indian food, but I think Joy and Curry Tandoor was terrible. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was very bland and the chicken was too hard. On top of that, the dish was not cheap either.This is a restaurant that recently opened. After eating here, I realized that I ate at one of their other locations years ago, and I also didn't like the food there. I wish I knew that before trying this place.
Excellent quality food. Keep it up or I'll defnetly come back and downgrade my 5 stars
Food is excellent, great service and the price is right for lunch. Only suggestion would be to vary the vegetarian offerings from week to week. Great, quick, affordable lunch spot.
Several people in my office eat here regularly, so I thought I'd try it out. Went here about 2 months ago; thought I reviewed it, apparently not. Its a smallish place maybe 15 feet wide, very clean, aisle on one side, refrigerators on the other, seating up the middle for about 30. Counter in the back where you can order maybe 12 pre-made entrees and samosas, all else comes from the kitchen. I ordered chicken tikka masala, aloi gobi side, basmati rice, 2 vege samosas, cold chat, aloo paratha. It was quite a bit, but I had no dinner the night before, no breakfast and it was going to be a long day.The meal was ready inside 5 minutes, however the paratha took about 20, yes 20 minutes.The counter man, who reminded me of Steve Carrel, kept apologizing every 5 minutes about the bread.Flavors and spicyness of the chicken were spot on. Aloo Gobi was very nice. Never had chat before, it was tasty, nice and filling combination of chick peas, tomato, cilantro, yogurt and tamarind sauces and little crunchy potato? threads. The samosas were perfect. The paratha was warm but could have had more potato and peas in it. Basmati rice was excellent, some places under cook it, this was not. The meal also came with 2 containers each of coriander chutney and tamarind sauce.Will I eat there again? Absolutely. Can't find a comparable Indian place closer to my office. I usually go to Jackson Heights for my Indian fixins.
came for lunch special and had chicken tikka with cauliflower and rice for about $11 which was fair. the dish overall was tasty and quantity was pretty good as well. def will try again for lunch
A couple weeks ago I was handed a promotional flier for this new Indian Restaurant.  One of those pesky cravings hit me yesterday for spicy food and i figured Indian would be the perfect fix!  Dug out the promo flier from my lunchtime menu folder in my desk, checked the Yelp reviews (for it's other location) then called in my order for a Chicken Tikka Masala platter.  Traveled all of a block and a half to get there and pick it up, only to find out I didn't really need to call.  No line upon arrival and the food is not made to order...it's in steamers behind glass and all waiting to be served.  However, they were kind enough to have put mine aside anyway so this was really a quick and seamless pick up.  Everything I ordered was truly tasty - the chicken tikka masala, the palak paneer, the basmati, the naan (although garlic naan would've been nicer, not for my next order) - all of which were included in my platter for $9.50.  Also decided to order a side of papadum cause I just love the flavor!  Raita and some chutneys were given to me and all were yummy as can be.Only issue for me was that I craved SPICY food and I won't call this "bland" because it was quite flavorful, however, there was not enough spice for my palate.  It was midtown tame Indian...perhaps they did have a more spicy version available but I did not ask.  I will return and next time I will be asking "What's the spiciest dish you have!?!"There is ample cafeteria style seating if you choose to stay.  I will also say the place was starting to fill up by the time I exited (around 1pm) so perhaps I just got lucky there was no line this time.  It's much cleaner and brighter than my old Indian take out down the street (Curry Dream) so maybe they just need a few more weeks and a few more reviews for the word to get out.  They do also have another location on E. 46th St. with decent Yelp reviews).This one is a go ;)
Excellent selection for a reasonably priced lunch spot. Very pleasant staff. Naan is always warm. I get food here at least once a week and can't say a bad thing about it.
I have ordered from here twice- recently I got the Chicken tikka and Kabab combo platter with Chana saag (chickpeas in spinach) - the saag and Kabab literally smelled like socks/garbage. I'm almost positive this was leftover food they had lying around that they just heated up and sent over to me. Gross. Couldn't eat it. Too many good south Asian places in the city to ever consider coming back to this place. Do not recommend
The portions!!! It's ~$8 for the veggie lunch deal and it's more food than I can comfortably eat. I mean, the food is just good not great, but for $8, can't be beat. Perfect for when you're very hungry at lunch hour but are tired of the same awful midtown delis over and over again. So food is maybe 4 star but the portions/cost ratio is a 5 star.
I come here when I want a satisfying, comforting, delicious and affordable lunch . . . that can last for two days (if I so choose; it's so delicious that it's easy to eat it all in one sitting).I opt for the chicken tikka masala with their fragrant rice, and either aloo gobi or chana masala. Also comes with a piping hot, large naan bread--yum!Generous portions means that I can either inhale the whole thing in one sitting and fall into a food coma, or be a responsible adult and portion it into two decent-sized plates and save the rest for lunch the next day.For ~$8 for a platter, it's one of the best deals in the area that I've found.
My go to spot for decent and fast Indian food during lunch. Prices for veggies over rice are under $7 and with meat it's $8-$9. Not bad considering the hefty portions and the clean and not chaotic  dining area. I have no complaints about this place, I'm here at least once a week with coworkers.
Food wasn't spicy or flavorful as per my expectation, could get better Indian food. Very disappointed.
Very, very, solid food at affordable prices.  Quick and friendly service and I got 2 solid, delicious, meals for less than $15.
Really good food especially the kebabs and vindaloo are awesome... Lunch combo is totally worth
Not a single paneer in the palak (which itself didn't taste fresh), naan was fluffy and soft like roomali roti, chicken kabab tasted like a bland sausage and the raita tasted like plain yogurt. The worst lunch I've had in ages. Should have gone to Kati Roll Company across the street.
VERY casual Indian spot in the middle of midtown. If you are in the area and are craving Indian food, this is the place to go. I went for lunch today and it had just 3 people inside eating (though it should have much more!). The food is laid out in front of you like in a high school cafeteria. I got the chicken tikka masala with a side of spinach/cheese cubes and regular naan (the sides come with it) for a total of $10.30. I wouldn't say it is worth that much but it did fill me up and was delicious. I'll come back to try more things. Fyi you get 20% off orders $20 or more if you order online.
The food here is quick and the service is on par. I usually come here during lunch for take out and I order the BBQ chicken biryani rice which is amazing. If you'd like to try it, make sure to preorder this over the phone as it will take 15minutes to prepare.
There was something a bit different about the Indian food at this establishment. Some of the flavors I tried were better than the usual, and some were worse. I wasn't really impressed with the saag paneer, although they had a different name for it. I was impressed by the sauce used in the special sausage of the day. The goat curry left me a bit confused. I would try this place one more time before I say yay or nay. Hopefully it doesnt fall to the same fate as the other horrendous Indian restaurant on the same street.
I ordered the chicken vindaloo with every intention of saving half for tomorrow's lunch. Yeah I ate it all. I couldn't stop eating it was so delicious!! Definitely going back. Probably sooner than socially acceptable.
THIS is precisely why I live in New York City!!!! Fantastic food and fast! Joy is exactly what you expect (a definite 4 out of 5 stars). The last time I ate at a chain (Panera) I vowed NEVER AGAIN as long as I live in New York City. I digress.... This was my first time at Joy so I ordered the safe choice: Tandoori chicken, rice and cauliflower (it comes with naan).  It was perfect! A lot of food (so much I couldn't even finish my naan!).  And just enough spice.  I will absolutely be back and will be trying every last one of their dishes.
I would give a zero if I could...Today I ordered the chicken Tika Masala......They should really call it Chicken Cricket Tikka Masala...Not sure why they only charge 9 bucks, when you get extra protien with your food...They could easily charge a dollar more for the innocent cricket that drowned in a pool of Masal sauce before it reached my lunch plate..I mean who should feel bad for a cricket that drowned in Masala...I guess I SHOULD!   Who expects to order lunch and have dead insects in your food...This Cricket must have been killed by the Mob because he sank all the way to the bottom as if he was sleeping with the fishes..The only reason I noticed it was because I wanted more sauce on my rice, then I saw what I thought was a black hair, upon further investigation, it was a leg, attached to a body, and a head with antennas!!!  I swear he was smilling at me..Long story short, I went back to the restaurant with my Indian Lawyer and asked for a refund upon showing them the special ingredients...They promptly wisked away with the dead creature to the kitchen no less (probly to re-use this leggy spice),, and then asked me if I would like something else to eat...Maybe they wanted me to get goat VINDALOO with maggots, who knows....?I took the refund instead and asked them to throw out all the tikka masala that the whole restaurant was chowing down on...To my horror they refused, and Of course they didnt want to waste the secret jumping ingredients...I pitty the souls of all those laughing, smiling, satisfied faces as I left the restaurant, watching at least 20 people mowing down on Chicken Cricket Tikka Masala!!!!Nasty Nasty Nasty....
This area of midtown is a bit of a struggle for good lunch, and Indian is a requirement for my week. I ate regularly at their original Eastside location on E46th St, and was always a fan. Mind you, this is an inexpensive lunch, not some expensive dinner, so don't go expecting the world. However, it's reasonable, delicious, and better than the alternatives in the area. I'll confess that I rarely yield from the Chicken Tikka Masala, but it's pretty delicious. I love mixxing up the veggie, and recommend you try whatever their daily specials are. The squash and pumpkin, particularly, are delicious. I also regularly bounce between the cauliflower and chickpeas. As for meat dishes beyond Tikka Masala, I did try the goat a few times, although I was put off by the bones which come in it. A coworker told me you can ask for no bones, but I feel that should go without saying.All the same, the guys here often remember me, even when I disappear for several months, and they're always friendly. Between both locations, I've been eating here just about every week for the past 2 and a half years, with a 5 month hiatus. No complaints, and none from the many coworkers I've sent here.They're not my favourite Indian spot, but definitely one of my top lunch spots in midtown.
I have Indian food Wednesday's dedicated to this spot. Always delish! Very nice staff.
This is a great spot to find some indian food. I went for lunch with a coworker and was so happy it made my entire day so much more pleasant. I ordered the 2 meat lunch special- lamb vindaloo & chicken masala with rice and cauliflower and pea veggie side. I couldnt decide on the one vegatable side and the server was nice enough to give me a small serviing of the spinach (saag paneer without the cheese). Also to accompany our lunch we were given two pieces of naan. Everything was super tasty! Naan was fresh and fluffy and warm!!!! The chicken masala was the only disappointment as it was very bland tasting. The same server asked how our dish was and upon hearing how happy we were--came back with two complementary veggie samosas!!! This is my favorite lil indian spot.  If you're looking for a place to get some great tasting and fast indian food, this is it. Not good for a first date but more a tasty lunch :)
This has to be some of the worst vegetable Korma that I've ever had. The dish was so bland and devoid of flavor, that if I were blindfolded, I would not have known that this was Indian food.
Maybe every indian restaurant I've been to has been Americanized, but this indian food was just not tasty.  I had to apologize to the friend I met here (I chose based on star rating).  For what is was it was over priced also.  $11 for a dry chicken leg rice and veggie.
Good food although the workers can be a little too fast, the best is when the owner is there helping out.
High school cafeteria-like setting with fluorescent lights and plastic chairs. Food tasted fine, looks like it sat for hours, especially the vegetables. It's cafeteria style, you point at the foods you want and they put it on a plate. Naan was hard and stale, warmed up for too long, didn't eat it. The place was mostly empty at dinner time. I noticed most of the reviews are for lunch during work, not recommended for dinner, bit too casual.
Nice little place with very reasonable prices. All the familiar choices. You can select different combinations. We each got two different chicken selections with rice and naan. Not the spiciest Indian food but good. You order from the counter and there are several tables to eat at.
Very good restaurant. Chicken Tikka Masala was very good, delicious; though I feel there's room for improvement. Many vegetarian choices. Great deal for the price!
Ordered delivery via their website today.  It was my first time using their site, so I called to make sure they received the order.  The man who answered the phone was very helpful.  My food came on time (30-40mins), and the deliveryman was very friendly as well!  Their saag could be a little creamier, but it tasted fresh and nicely spiced.  The mango lassi is delicious!  Prices are extremely reasonable, plus you get 10% off if you order through their website!  I will definitely return.
I had curry overload last night with my gf... def hit the spot. Place was quiet and empty at 7pm but i went with the reviews I saw. Ordered the chicken korma and lamb curry with garlic naan. Korma was on point and creamy goodness. Lamb was semi tender but did the job especially with the yogurt Raita sauce. Also tried the meat samosa, which for sitting around for several hours was still a damn good treat. Happy to know this spot is 2 blocks from my apt for a quick go-to indian feast.
Delicious Indian food with probably the best naan bread I've ever had - freshly cooked, warm and soft. I had the chicken vindaloo, the meal itself was huge, and came with some really good fragrant rice. It could have been a bit spicier but was good enough. Came with 6 large chicken pieces which were very tender. Venue is simple, order at the counter and grab a seat.The staff were really nice too.
Delicious, affordable, authentic. This is the best Indian option in the area, and the staff is very pleasant, unlike the horrible restaurant down the block "Curry Dream". Good for lunch, but don't expect anything fancy.
Got the lamb saag delivered and before tip it was $14.70. SO expensive for what I got, which was an oversalted pint of saag with a pint of rice. I've had better portions with tastier dishes elsewhere. Meh.
I decided to give this place a try after reading all the great reviews here - upon arriving, I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo entree as suggested by many Yelpers for $10.50, the staff told me to get the lunch platter instead for $8.95 which has one portion of vegs of your choice, chicken or lamb of your choice, with rice and roti. I love that the staff recommended the combo so I get a chance to try out other ads on. Love the chicken vindaloo (spicy but yummy!). Thank you Yelpers!
Really good! I had the chicken tikka masala with okra and garlic naan. It was all great. I wish there had been more sauce, because I was putting it on everything. I was satisfied and would order from Joy Curry again.
Not the best Indian you can get.  And all the Indian people I work with look down on their fare saying that the stuff is not Indian, but rather Pakistani or Bengali food.  (Not sure what that's supposed to mean.)  But I still like the place.I go once in awhile, but I've gotten take out from this place at least 20 times or so.  It's quick, cheap, tasty, plentiful, and quenches my Indian fix.Food - They serve up already made food cafeteria style.  You can get combinations of meat and vegetable combinations.  They have several types of curry prepared using different types of meat everyday.  I usually get the 2 meat combo: chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo over rice.  They give you nan to go with your food.  The vindaloo is their spiciest stuff, but it's not really that spicy.  I've had spicier at other places.Price - It's cheap for Midtown and they give you lots of food.  Don't hesitate to ask for extra sauce to drench the rice.  The chicken is almost always white meat.  No beef dishes here with lamb and goat meat substituting for cow meat.  The two meat special is around $12.Atmosphere - The place is no-frill and very utilitarian.  You go there to eat and get out.  You go there to order food to go.  Place is filled with local office employees during lunchtimes.  It doesn't get crazy busy in there and you should be able to score a seat during weekday lunchtime without much difficulty.  Place is clean and sparse.Service - It's a no frill, utilitarian, cafeteria style restaurant.  You're not going to get table service.  It's strictly self service here once you get your food.
ONLY get delivery, have never visited the place. Read review with that in mind.Few pts- Food tastes gr8, they do not skimp on taste to compensate for speed, food is well cooked and prepared - i find most places skimping on preparation for speed, Joy does BOTH well.- Excellent prices, on avg 10-15% cheaper for like-for-like items- Gr8 service on delivery - food is always hot never cold [if you've received cold Indian food on a winter day you have an idea on the disappointment]- Rapid delivery, unless yr the unreasonable place order at 11.45 for noon delivery person.
In my quest to find a go-to Indian restaurant for delivery in the Hell's Kitchen/Hudson Yards area, I gave Joy a try on a recent evening.  The quick turnaround time, low price and generous portions are a definite plus.  The food itself wasn't quite blue ribbon.  I tried an assortment of classics.  The naan was nice and fluffy, though it always suffers a bit in transit.  Palak paneer was distressingly watery, [and I fear made with canned spinach, as it had that telltale texture] starring 2 lonely but delicious chunks of paneer.  Aloo ghobi was pleasantly spicy though the cauliflower was massively overcooked.  Baingan bharta had excellent flavor and spice but an odd lumpy texture that made me think of Halloween haunted houses and icky things and quickly made me squeamish and had to go away.  Samosas were petite and made with an unusually thick crust that brought to mind a frozen potpie, not flaky as at most restaurants I've tried.  The filling was tasty and accompanying mint sauce refreshing and punchy.If you need a filling meal quickly and cheaply, this is a great bet.  If you're picky about your Indian cuisine or eager for a sensational culinary experience, look elsewhere.
Ive been searching for good Indian food since I visited India for a month 5 years ago. This place is the best there is! Authentic!  Great Spices!  Nice staff!
Among the best Indian in NYC. I have ordered from here almost 10 times, and I've never been disappointed. Their tandoori chicken and biryanis are so good that I don't really try other things here. The chicken is so moist and tender. The biryani is actually spicy, with lots of cardamom and clove and other spices very plentiful. The Tarkha Dal is also great--nice and thick, with plenty of flavors. Delivery is almost always prompt, and the people are friendly and take pride in the good food. Their spicy green sauce is so good, I want to put it on everything, including my face.
We started to come here after Minar started flavoring their food with water. Portions at Joy are plentiful and everything we've had so far has been very good. I highly recommend it for lunch take out.
Fast and delicious Indian food! The chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala are fantastic! The naan that came with our dish was PERFECT! The servings are also pretty big! The restaurant itself isn't fancy , but the food is pretty damn good. The staff is also very friendly! I would definitely recommend this place!
Its one of the best Indian places in NY City! I walked in on the restaurant rather reluctantly because of the surrounding places were closed or overpacked and it was the best decision!!! The spicy tikka masala was superb, and my friends took lamb and vegetables which were awesome too. The samosa was OK, but the mango lassi was first rate. Prices are reasonable if you take the express lunch menu. Would absolutely recommend!!
The best affordable Indian lunch spot in Midtown east. It's very cafeteria like, but the choices are plenty and the food tastes really really good. Quick (although there is a line generally; but never have to wait more than 5 minutes), delicious, and affordable. That makes it a 5* place for sure!!!
This is my go-to Indian place. I always get the chicken tikka masala and palak paneer; both are creamy and nicely spicy, but not too much. It's affordable, delicious and very fulfilling. I began eating at their midtown east location about 3 years ago when I was on a project over there. I was ecstatic to find out that they created the midtown west location, which is a block and a half from my office. I also introduced all of my co-workers to this place. They always thank me for that.
Pretty tasty new Indian spot in midtown. Went for lunch after walking aimlessly for a few blocks, happy we gave it a shot! Shout out to the random Indian gentleman to convince us to go in!  $8 lunch special for 1 meat 1 veggie rice and naan. I tried the chicken vindaloo and lentils, all were flavorful and had a nice spice too. Coworker had a lamb dish which was delicious, def going to try it next time. Space is clean and bright and the people who worked there were all nice too!
Yay a new lunch spot close to work!!  I'm a big fan of Indian food and this spot is very authentic (to my knowledge).  It is set up buffet style (but you don't serve yourself) so you choose what selections you want, like rice with your choice of meat and a side of veggies or two choices of meat, etc.  You get some naan with your food which is a plus! I love naan.  The only downside is that they seem to be a bit stingy with the meat serving.  I went with a friend and they put the meat in the small compartment of the tray they give you.  However, the meal I had was delicious and I will be returning!!!  Chicken Tikka is awesome.  My friend had chicken curry and loved it!  Definitely stop in.  I can't give accurate pricing because when I went everything was on special since they just opened.  I paid $8 so I don't know how much they will be charging once they end their opening specials.
I've been looking for a new place to eat -- and this place hit the spot. I came here 3 times and the food is always good. Clean. Price is very reasonable.
This place is good and extremely affordable. I love it that I can get a hot meal for under $10 that is tasty and high quality. The staff is also super nice. There's one guy, I think one of the owners, who is serving many nights. He always has this wonderful smile and is helpful in trying to help me decide (even though I pretty much always get the same chicken platter :)) The chicken tikka piece, chicken seekh kabab, and dal are my favorites.And you get naan too. I walk out completely full with enough to take home for a snack later.
Score reflects a comparison with ready-made restaurants order/sit down. Lunch Special of Mild Lamb Curry, basmati and Aloo Gobi (cauliflower&potatoes), and Naan.  Lamb cubes had fresh lamb flavor the sauce was simple and not too oily as often can happen. Basmati was well cooked and fresh and the hot curry sauce was lovely on it.  Aloo Gobi was mild which should be spicier but the fresh coriander came out and the ingredients were also fresh.  A little watery but thats an easy fix on their part.  The Thin naan was lovely and more authentic as opposed to the thick doughy ones that litter the city.  Will I go back and try more, given the freshness and overall preparation, yes.
