One of the best foods in town. I ate once in the restaurant and ordered to go more than twice in two weeks. Will go again.
Delicious Indian food. Had the lamb and chicken lunch platter. I asked for spicy and it was just the right amount. Was not charged extra for naan, and received plenty of it. I was starving when I arrived, but definitely left satisfied after this meal. Was welcomed with a smile, seated at the window, and experienced great service.
First thing you notice once inside is the poor ventilation system, once you sit down you also notice the dirty tablecloths. The menu does not specify which plates are spicy. I was there with a friend and our menus had different prices for the same dishes. I ordered the chicken samosas, they were really good but their portions were very small. I also ordered the Chicken tikka masala, the chicken was extremely dry almost as if it was microwaved from the day before, the basmati rice was underseasoned. What saved a dish was the sauce it was tasty. The last bad thing I have to say about the place is that the bathrooms are extremely small and disgusting and while I was there I noticed them taking out the garbage through the front door.
Very well done food. I often eat Indian food and I felt this was one of the better experiences I have had. Waited a long time for ice in my water. I certainly come back and bring friend there. Friendly service as well.
Normally, I won't write a positive review until I've tried a restaurant a few times (a bad review means I am never going to return!), but....oh yummy.  I ordered in once and the food came super quickly and was delicious.  The other day, I went with a friend and had the shrimp lunch special.  The food was marvelous. The room is beautiful, and the service was very, very nice.  I would love to try every dish on their menu.  My friend lives in Curry Hill, yet she wants to make this a weekly visit, she was so impressed.  I assume that they have a weekend buffet, so I will want to try that as well.
Woo, great food. Came out with my little sister and we had all vegetarian dishes, once chick peas and one just rice with paneer and veggies.  Great flavor, great price and very friendly staff. I was surprised it was so empty on a thursday night but, hey, I'm not complaining. Definitely coming back here when I'm in the mood for Indian
My friends and I have eaten at Aangan numerous times. The food has always been tasty, well prepared and attractively presented. I have had particularly good shrimp and scallop dishes here. The friendly service is attentive and knowledgeable. The room has good ambiance. When all tables are filled, the noise level is high, but avoid peak times and you can have a leisurely meal without having to raise your voice to be heard. Very enjoyable. Reasonably priced.
Yummy, but definitely not the best Indian food I've had in the city (go to Darbar in Midtown East!!!!)However, if I'm craving Indian and can't trek all the way to Midtown East, this will definitely do in a pinch; the lamb biryani is quite delicious.
If I could give this establishment ZERO stars, I absolutely would. This review is for an online order via Seamless. I waited for the order for over an HOUR and finally called to see where it was located. The person on the phone told me they did not have an apartment number (obviously, because the location is NOT an apartment) and that they had the wrong number on file. If anyone has used Seamless, if anything is wrong with your order or the restaurant is having trouble contacting you, Seamless will contact you DIRECTLY to help mediate both via phone and through e-mail. I received no such correspondence and my information was listed CORRECTLY. I told the person I wanted to cancel the order because I now had to return to my obligation. This person begins to YELL at me over the phone, telling me I cannot cancel the order, yelling obscenities and the like. Completely unprofessional and absolutely NOT to be tolerated! This is MY money and I am paying for a service, I do NOT have to patronize this business and should not be spoken to with such disrespect after attempting to handle this situation calmly. NEVER again.
DISASTER! AVOID! Food took 1.5 hours to come. When it finally did, it was COLD. AND...the delivery guy dropped off the wrong order and had to return 10 min later with the right one. Finally, NO napkins in the bag and NO FORK! I couldn't even eat the food if I wanted to!! This place has no idea what they are doing.
The food was fine, nothing special. Service was attentive, but I was one of two tables in here for early dinner. Nothing wrong with the food just nothing compelling. I had the Navratan Korma which had a good variety of vegetables, but the sauce was not as creamy as some places and lacked a lot of flavor and spice. The basmati rice was fine, as was the mango lassi. I didn't have a bad experience but I wouldn't return.
Tasty,fresh and nice experience.The rice cooked as should,chicken tikka masala was tender and good proportion,I would preferred more spicy,the bread fresh and hot, alo Tikki very tasty and recommend,one of the best Indian restaurants in New York
Nice staff. Food ok, not the best - but fine in a pinch. Maybe I'm spoiled (my neighbourhood has lots of good Indian restaurants, plus I'm from England) but it just wasn't anything special really. I do hear though, that in this area there isn't a lot of good "non-collegiate" places to eat. So maybe that is why it does well. As I said, staff were very pleasant.And The Peshawari Naan was good. Not a lot of places serve that, so that's always a bonus.
I've been here twice, and have really enjoyed both meals. The space is not massive, but it's nicely decorated, with comfortable seating, and a courteous staff. They have really great vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes, no surprise for an Indian restaurant, but the quality is very good.I highly recommend the lahsooni ghobi appetizer. It's cauliflower in an almost tempura-like batter, with a very sweet tomato and garlic reduction. My one complaint would be that they use a bit too much sauce, and it comes off as kind of slapped on, but it's really delicious. Great flavor, great umami, almost like an East Asian pork dish more than a vegetarian Indian dish, but really delicious. They swear to me it's fully vegetarian.For mains I've tried the navratan korma, always delicious and best eaten the day before you plan on burning a lot of calories. I also tried the diwan-e-handi, which is a lot of veggies and paneer cooked in a tasty spinach curry. Nice fresh ingredients, wonderful spices, delicious breads. Definitely worth checking out if you like Indian food.
Aangan has the fastest delivery I've ever gotten. Do try the pav bhaji appetizer it is excellent. The yellow spinach dal is also really good. Ambiance and service is really good. I have been here multiple times and their food never disappoints.
Super mediocre Indian food with little to no spice. We ordered two of their meals for dinner through seamless and found everything to be a bit 'Meh'. We had the saag paneer, chicken tikka, samosa, and a seekh kebab. Literally nothing had any flavor. Don't waste your money on this place.
No doubt the best Indian food in this area. I used to be a huge fan of Masala Club nearby, but once I tried Aangan, I only go this restaurant. Every dish is more delicious and authentic, I mean every dish.
We ordered from here off seamless based on the high recommendations and were came away largely disappointed. Meats seemed processed and without taste, sauces were watered down and unimpressive and the bread seemed like it had been left out and then warmed up. Also had the kebab and soup as extras on a special and both were left uneaten (kebab seemed like a processed sausage and the lentil soup was watery and mostly tasteless). Disappointing for a restaurant with such high reviews online.
I placed an order at 9:30 PM tonight that has STILL not arrived. I called the restaurant at 10:30 PM and was told that the order had already been dispatched. It is now 50 minutes later, no sign of food, and no one is picking up at the restaurant. (That's basically 2 hours since I ordered the meal.)They're literally only 30 blocks away, and there's no weather or traffic issue. Completely absurd. By the time my food does arrive, if it ever does, it will be cold. To top it off, the online form on their website for feedback doesn't allow you to submit. AND now that the restaurant is closed, there's no one to follow up with. The food could be amazing and I will still never order from this place again.
I love Aangan. I order out for lunch quite often at work, and as expected, the service can very greatly. But Aangan is always on time, always hot and delicious, and their prices are great. For lunch people like me, especially the take out special! The best take out Indian food I've ever had in NY.
I love Indian food and saw this place had 3.5 stars which is pretty good for a NYC take out joint.  What we ordered turned out to be the worst Indian cuisine I have ever tasted. Murgh Korma that was the driest chicken I have ever tasted, even after soaking in a rich and creamy sauce. The chicken samosas were bland, crunchy and oil-laden, nothing like the doughy, spice infused samosas I've tasted over the years. Both the rice and garlic naan were dry and lacking any sort of flavour. I don't like giving out bad reviews but this place needs a lesson in the kitchen.
I have never ate at the restaurant. This is my order in place whenever I'm in my home in Harlem. It's not the best I've had, but darn good. Especially for ordering in. All their staples are good, and their lamp chops are so so yummy. Can take up to or more than an hour to get your food, but coming from Florida where the Indian food is crappy at best, I will wait forever for them to deliver some of my favorite dishes whenever Im in town.
I ordered the saag gosht which is goat meat in spinach, which I have had at other restaurants, but from Aangan, which was more expensive than many other Indian restaurants, the meat in the dish was scarce while the bones and gristle was plentiful.  My wife ordered a vegetarian dish and we ordered two types of naan which were decent but on the whole I think the 5 star rating for this restaurant is unwarranted and their higher prices in general also unwarranted. Their food gets 3 stars, their prices 2 stars.
Aangan is, hands down, my favorite Indian Food place in New York. Dining in: the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is comfortable, bordering on romantic. And service is quick and unobtrusive. Your water glass will always be full, even if you don't notice the guy refilling it. And the food is delicious. Honestly, I've probably eaten half the menu at this point, and can't say I've disliked a single thing.Carry-out/Delivery: The best! Generally very fast, and everything gets home hot and delicious. The portion sizes are out of control. Seriously, they give you an entire to-go container of rice for EACH dish ordered. No need to skimp while you're eating - you WILL NOT run out of rice. Chicken Khorma is definitely my favorite, but everything i delicious. Two thumbs way, way up for Aangan - they have never disappointed me.
I love this place. The service can be a bit stilted, but their food is quite good.  My favorites are the Saag Paneer, Lamb Rogan Josh and Aloo Ghobi.  They're all so tasty it's hard to choose one!
One of the better Indian restaurants in the neighborhood, Aangan offers the locals a solid Indian fare for a slightly dressy environment. It made me smile that the decor is more formal than the clientele: multicolored mosaic art pieces and medium sized chandelier amongst Columbia students and retirees. I ordered lamb pakku and my partner had bhindi do piaza. The lamb was melt-in-your- mouth tender, and I sopped up every bit of the sauce with the garlic naan. The cook prepared the okra perfectly: the okra was fully cooked, with a spring and never stringy. Since we arrived well before the dinner crowd, the waiters were extremely attentive, pulling out the chair for me, checking on us while we waited, and several times while we were eating. Aangan offers solid satisfactory Indian food. If I lived in the neighborhood, I will certainly be back.
The food here is so good! It's right around the corner from my new place so i'm happy I can walk there anytime. I've only eaten inside a few times and everytime the staff was very nice and quite attentive.
Mediocre food at best. We ordered "medium" spice and the sauce was blander than ketchup. One of the sauces might have been ketchup, actually. It's hard to find good Indian food in Manhattan once you leave the Lex & 30s area. This place is below par even for the sorry state that is NYC Indian food.
Bummed out about my delivery order.The $9 samosas were obviously pre-frozen and then microwaved. (I've had the same kind at other venues.) They are also not "samosas" but fried, flat triangles. Also, the lamb in my lamb saag was dry and tasteless. The best dish by far was the chicken with almond and coconut milk. Not sure it was enough to keep me coming back. For $45, certainly not. What a let down.
I'm a huge fan of Indian cuisine. I've never been to any Indian restaurant in the city and this restaurant didn't fail to amaze me. Appetizers and entrees were delicious. Everything was appealing and satisfying:-) entrees were a good portion and not heavy maybe unless you get curry.....
Holy Cow, Aangan is not effing around when they lable their food HOT.  I constantly am amazed at how HOT they can make their chicken curry, they are about the only restaurant I know who can actually give you HOT-spicy food (Thai food claims their fiving you "Thai-spicy" but 9 times out of 10 its not).  No messing around here at Aangan though.  There are 3 levels of spiciness, mild, medium and HOT.  For some reason I always forget their HOT is actually HOT.  And Yes, this deserves an entire paragraph to explain.Naan is fluffy and delicious, and you need it to soak op the HOT-fiery red spiciness of their chicken curry - I do a panic dance sometimes in my mouth.Chicken tandoori is bomb.com, so flavourful, MOIST and delicious.  Their green chutney is delicious. Fast delivery.  Never been to the location, only seamless.com.Ten stars out of ten for spicy amaziness.  Do yourself a favor and bring a carton of MILK with you for dinner, you'll need it.  Heat does die down rather fast, thank the spicy Gods for that!
This is by far my favorite Indian in the neighborhood and perhaps beyond. I started off getting the takeout/delivery special from grubhub and became hooked. For $15, you get an entree, basmati rice, an appetizer, naan, and a trio of mint, tamarind and mango chutney. It gets better; most of the appetizers come with cholee in the container and it's the best cholee I've ever had. My favorite appetizer so far has been the Dahi Kebab but the Seekh Kebab was great, too.After ordering chicken tikka masala takeout specials again and again, I had to come into the restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the interior is. They have an amazing lunch platter deal (thali style) which was a lot of fun to try with a friend (they have regular, vegetarian and seafood options). For dinner, this place is downright romantic and has exceptional service. I got the Chicken Tikka Harayali and it lasted me 3 meals. I can't say the same for my bottle of Kingfisher.
I have had Indian food around the world, and I have to say that Aangan is among the best.  Not those this restaurant have nice decor and excellent service but the dishes are so well prepared that each bite is an experience.  As you eat, the various spices in each dish appeal to each part of your tongue with a difference nuance.  I hope I don't sound pretentious but that is the only way I can describe what it is like to eat at Aagan.
lunch specialty not bad good place for indian cuisines
Food is good. But no masala chai !!!The manager states the kitchen is not big enough.R u kidding me? How small is the kitchen if tea leaves can't fit !!!
3.5 starsThe take out deal is not bad - you get a significant amount of food for 15 ish bucks. It's honestly enough for two girls who don't eat that much. It's a decent value, and the quality wasn't bad. Delivery didn't take long either. Was definitely within the estimated time. The Samosas are pretty good -  I like the chickpeas that came with it (in moderation).Naan is pretty standard. The Chicken Tikki Masala wasn't the best I've had. It probably is a 7/10. Above average. Rice is rice.
Great meal and beautiful ambiance! Love the beautiful chandeliers and accents everywhere! It was smaller than I imagined inside but I loved the intimate feel of the place. Portions were plentiful and I had no complaints on the food...amazing. I ordered garlic naan, channa masala, chicken masala and samosas. They were all bomb bomb bomb!! The manager and waiters are very attentive and constantly check to make sure you're taken care of...which I love!!
2 hours for delivery... Needless to say, I won't be ordering again unless I'm planning waaaay ahead of when I want to eat.
My chicken curry was alright but wasn't given enough naan to go with it.I felt like it was very out of balance.You know when you have had too much of one taste and you get a little sick of it? That's how I felt with this curry and not enough naan to soak it up with or eat in between chicken curry bites.
My friends from India told me this is the best Indian restaurants on Upper West Side, so we went there twice. First time food was much better, but quite pricy. I like their garlic nan, most of the curry dishes are decent. Also ordered mango lasi, very thick and fully of mango flavor, but was shocked when the bill came, probably the most expensive mango lasi I've ever had in my life! Second time we ordered some different dishes, seems like they are missing a few ingredients from the last time, not sure if the chef has changed. Not too sure if it's that good for us to want to go back again, instead, we decide to explore some other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood.
Ordered food in seamless web at 8:40 on a Friday night and it finally arrived at 9:45 pm. The food was flavorless and cold.
I'll say it -- this place confirms my theory of UWS restaurants: nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and mediocre (oftentimes over priced) food.  I went for lunch with a student, and loved the idea of the thali (I was picturing something like Tiffin Wallah's thali, though I knew it wouldn't be quite that amazing).   I've long ranted about the "creamy sauce" Indian food - heavy, overly cream-ified, overly rich food that you get at places like Indus Valley (across the street from Aangan). Well, Aangan suffered from the same cream-ification problem.   All this to say Aangan is a great lunch place if you want a belly ache afterwards - there's just no reason to be consuming this much heavy cream in the middle of the day.I had the veggie thali which came with rice, veggie samosa (two small samosas), paneer makhani (served in a very thick, practically pasty sauce), dal makhani (also very rich), the veggie of the day, raita (fairly bland - I wondered why they didn't add cucumber, nuts, or jeera), kachumber salad (fine), very buttery naan, and rice pudding (the fiasco of the thali was that even the rice pudding wasn't good).While I loved the space and the sweet servers, I couldn't help but wish that the creamy, rich factor had been turned down.
Regular delivery from here and its always good and consistent. Garlic naan, murgh tikka masala and vegetable samosa are delicious.
this food.is the best food.sososossoosososososo delicious.i am a vegetarian and i highly recommend:kaju gobhidal makhaniamritsari choleall the flavors are so beautifully mixed, everything compliments each of the other dishes.so good i'm freaking out. i just downloaded the yelp app and created an account just to tell you all this.eat here now!!!!
I ordered in  - two entrees and 1 app  - - food was hot (not warm!), spicy, authentic and best of all - received on time. The delivery person was polite (which we can all appreciate). The portion size was perfect and they def don't skimp!Great quality food +  a positive experience. Will be ordering in again next week.
A few weeks after a failed attempt to have a work function catered by Aangan (I had to order for a group of 10, the sleepy kid on the phone said he didn't have the right sized containers for a party of 10 and balked at the size of my order (apparently 10 people don't make the cut), thus effectively turning down my business), we ordered dinner for two through Seamless Web. The food was extremely bland, which is a capital offense for an Indian restaurant. The chicken tikka masala tasted like recycled tomato soup with chicken in it. (They have tomato soup on the menu, you do the math.) There was no indication that the chef ever heard of cumin, turmeric, chili powder, or onion, for goodness sake.  If you think insipid lamb vindaloo contravenes the laws of physics, go and meet this chef. The oil-soaked, orange-hued slices of fried vegetables turned out to be pakoras. Who knew!I called the restaurant to let them know we were dissatisfied with our food (I would have sent it back if we were eat-in customers) and the owner insisted we had ordered a different set of dishes, and kept yelling "you check your order and call again". He then realized that he had screwed up (he was looking at a different order) and began to apologize. A totally unnecessary confrontation to top off a bad meal.All in all, I give this place zero starts for customer service and food quality, 1 star for quick delivery, and 1 star for the gulab jamun which was excellent (credit where credit is due). Even so, we were charged $4.95 for what are effectively two walnut-sized donuts. Given the discrepancy between my reviews and those of others, I suspect their take-out food might be sloppier than eat-in; again, a sign that this restaurant needs to shape up.In the meantime, try Indus Valley, which is good, honest Indian food in the neighborhood and cheaper too.
Made a 90$ order this weekend. I have very good reason to say I got a food poisoning. The food is not as good as indus village.
Three stars for service, four for food, so we'll call it four because good Indian food in the Upper West/Manhattan Valley is few and far between.We ordered the chicken Korma and chicken Tikka Masala. I consider these my "controls", and both at Aangan were delicious. Both were, creamy and not soupy, of average portion size (perfect for two people), and served with rice. We also ordered two orders of Naan, but if you don't eat 2 parts naan to one part curry, like me, you'll be fine to share one. Theirs is better than average, and definitely not heavy/doughy.Service was a three because when we asked for extra rice and naan, they came out at separate times, and forgot about one of them. They're also slacking in the refills department, but couldn't be nicer.
I was an Indian food virgin prior to Margot G...Not anymore! And it was everything I imagined it to be...and more. That's the line that pregnancy-checking 16 year old's use, right?I was introduced to the chicken tikka masala dish, and wow was it amazing! You can get rice, chicken tikka masala, Indian bread, and some type of appetizer that I was too afraid to try for under $20. I think Margot G. ate off of this once, and I ate off of it two or three times. That's four meals for under $20! Not bad.Granted, I don't know enough about Indian food to warrant a 5 star review on my own. However, Margot G. is the playa player of the Indian food world, and she deemed it worthy of 5 stars...so it must be good. I thought it was excellent, and apparently I was right.
$15, 3 course take out? Yes, Please. Great flavors, great prices. This restaurant is my go-to Indian take-out spot when ordering from the upper west side.Recommendations: Tikka Massala Rosemary Nan (Didn't like it at first, but it grew on me)Lamb Rogan Josh Poori... it's the same at every Indian restaurant, but nonetheless it's great for absorbing all of their delicious sauces. Appetizer: MUST: Bhel in Phyllo Cups, this is the BEST Indian appetizer. Crunchy, spicy, sweet, saucy, colorful... seriously don't forget to order this.  This is very similar to Bhel Puri, which is my favorite Indian appetizer. If you're looking for a solid indian meal,  Aangan will not disappoint.
Hands down my favorite Indian in the City!!!!!Best saag paneer I've ever had and the shrimp tandori and chicken vindaloo are amazing. Plus the staff is always super nice. I both Dine there and order in and I'm equally satisfied every time.
I ordered one of the lamb main courses, guess what, it was awfully stinky stone cold beef instead. I also tried chicken curry, which was not remarkable. I can say avoid their meat dishes, thought If you are looking for Pakora, Samosa and vegetarian foods, they are Ok.
i always order their special on seamless and I've never been disappointed. Super good samosas!!!Somewhat overpriced.
Whenever I'm craving Indian food, Aangan is my local fix.  It's tasty, consistent and always leaves me full and happy.  The other reviewers are right that there's pretty much no difference between mild and medium spiciness, but hot is hot hot hot!
So, I ordered Aangan via seamless web. The estimated time said forty minutes, they came in twenty! Aangan does an amazing special with Seamless where a complete dinner entree accommodated with naan, basmati rice and an appetizer is only $14.99. The portion is extremely generous, I fed myself twice with this meal and including tip my total was only $18. Great deal, seriously. Their vegetarian samosas are AMAZING and a legitimate size. +4 The delivery boy was really cute too.
I was tempted to give Aangan three stars due to the price, but then I remembered that this is NYC and everything is overpriced so 4 stars it is.  We've been here several times and have left happy each time.  Aangan has become our go-to place for out of town visitors.  Vindaloo was appropriately spicy, curry was flavorful, and the saag paneer is among the best we've had.  Portions are on the small side for what you pay, but if you get there before 8 PM you can usually get a table immediately.
Ordered through seamless.com and the delivery was quick. We ordered the delivery special, which included an appetizer, entree, and naan. The samosas were spot on with the right amount of spicy. Chicken tikka Marsala and it was good with an adequate amount of chicken chunks, but I could have used more vegetables and thickness. Naan was nothing but chewy goodness. Overall, great portions and taste. Good value and fast delivery. Although, the delivery guy could have been nicer.
Finally - fast, great Indian delivery!  Aangan's "Take-out Deal" is awesome - you get an appetizer, entree, rice, and a giant, amazing piece of naan.  I've had the Chicken Korma (the best), Chicken Tikka Masala (very good), and the Chicken Mahkani (also very good, but tastes just like tikka masala to me).  It's great if you order it "Hot" (Seamless lets you choose spice level), although it is VERY spicy.  For appetizers, I enjoy the Chicken Tikka the best, although I've heard the samosas are good as well.
Not a problem getting a table for 6 here on a Sat. night (after Awadh and Indus Valley were full). Food is good overall, though some of the dishes were heavy on the sauce (which was pretty liquidy) and lighter on the main ingredients (veg, cheese, etc.). Waited a little longer than we should have considering that our order was relatively simple and the place isn't that big. Nice atmosphere and good overall value. I'd come back (though I think Awadh is better, so I'd prob go there first).
I've had lunch at Aangan three times now and each time I've left delighted - rather than merely sated.The room is lovely and well-lit (at least by day -  I've not been there at night). The decor is elegant with the reasonably-spaced tables adorned with white linen table cloths and napkins.The service has been perfectly unremarkable (by which I intend high praise), except for when I've asked for a description of a given offering. In those cases, the wait-staff has been encouraging and helpful.Aangan came recommended to me by a neighborhood friend (of Indian descent) who knows her food. We've shared meals that range from the deplorable to the transcendent and I was keen to try out the new place in the neighborhood on her good word.The food is SUPERB. I hesitate to write that it's the best Indian food I've ever had, only because strangers would rightfully be turned off by that sort of absolutist language. To friends, however, including the couple I've invited to Aangan for my first dinner experience there this evening, that's exactly how I've put it.The lunch specials are among the very best value I've had anywhere. An abundant meal, with plenty of variety, at the bargain price of $10.95. I love that lunch is a platter of many small dishes. There's no shoveling out someone else's left-behind's from a hot plate buffet. You're presented with a tray with 8 small dishes on it, plus gorgeous aromatic rice served on a leaf in the center.Each of these dishes is beautifully balanced, offering a different facet of a cuisine that strikes me as limitless in its potential variations. I enjoyed the familiar as much as the unfamiliar. Everything was just DELICIOUS. The butter chicken is tender, succulent. The naan is abundant and on the thin/cripsy side. The veggies are intriguingly spicy and I love that dessert (my choice was rice pudding) in included on the platter.Go. Eat.
With this place only a block from my apartment, I'm surprised I haven't come here sooner.  I do love Indian food, but I am rarely in the mood.  Last night was the night. Having lived in London for a time, I have had some amazing Indian and Pakistani food.  Probably some of the best you can get without going to India itself.  With that said, Aangan was not as good as some of the places on Brick Lane, but was in fact very very good.  Aangan has most of your standard dishes like Rogan Josh and Vindiloo, but they also had some dishes that appeared to be a bit different.  The inside of the restaurant is small, and couldn't be more than enough to seat 35.  The ceilings are high and vaulted, giving you the feeling that it is a lot bigger.The only issue of the night was the sometimes slow service.  It took a little while to get water and then to order our food, but I am able to forgive as I have learned that a lot of places in nyc, while serving amazing food, have only so-so service.  We opted to start with Aloo Tikki which is Potato medallions topped with mint & tamarind sauce.  The sauce is a base of chickpeas and the potatoes appeared to be slightly fried, for a crispy outside and a soft interior.  They were actually quite excellent and were served with 4 cakes and was quite large for an appetizer.For my entree, I ordered the Lamb Saagwala, which was Tender pieces of lamb cooked with fresh spinach & spices.  The lamb was cooked to perfection, it just fell apart when my fork pierced through it and the sauce was creamy and flavorful.  My only wish would have been more heat, or any heat.  I guess it wasn't that type of dish.My wife ordered the vegetarian tandoori vegetables and cheese.  Most places in D.C. don't offer veggie tandoori, so any place in NYC that does is a winner.  This happened to be excellent tandoori and the flavors were literally bursting through the onions, broccoli and cheese.My overall impressions of Aangan are that they serve quite excellent food and pretty reasonable prices.  Most main courses range from 14-19, unless you get some of the lobster or fancy fish dishes.  The appetizers were all $6-9.  If you don't order drinks, you can easily get out of here with a bill of about $40 for two people.  And that isn't bad for the quality. I see delivery in our future.
I always order Murgh Tikka Masala from here and so much love it!!! Good taste especially when I have it with garlic naan! ;)
I love Aangan -- I haven't actually been inside the place, but I always order from them with seamless web and they are great! I love the food, they give generous portions, and the price is very affordable. I get their chicken korma and sometimes some of their samosas -- love them both!
The $8 lunch special is an excellent deal. You get this round platter of food that doesn't look like much at first but you will be full before you get halfway through the little bowls! Especially after the fresh, warm naan that comes with little chutneys. There aren't too many choices aside from the meat (or vegetarian option) in the combo plates, but sometimes it's nice to experiment and try new things. I wish they had outdoor dining but the dining room is very clean and proper. Great authentic Indian for cheap.
Don't waste your time. Too expensive for something that doesn't even resemble Indian food.
I don't know how I feel about Aangan.  Wait, no, thats dumb.  I REALLY like Aangan.  But this restaurant is like when a good looking girl is nice to you and you think she digs your style... but then 5 minutes later you see her being friendly to some awkward ugly guy and you realize that it was never you.... she's just a really good hearted friendly person.  thats a nice backhand to the egoActually it isn't all that bad.  Apparently (based on the yelp reviews below) Aangan is pretty bad for lunch.  So even though Aangan is giving out great dinner experiences to everyone who comes in after 6pm I can still feel at least a little special for my meals there.Right, I should stop wasting your time with rambling when you are trying to decide where to eat.  Aangand is 12$ entrees for $20+ quality, food, service and interior.  When the waiter showed up decked out in a suit (which was completely appropriate for the interior) he kindly made no mention of my relatively slovenly outfit.  He didn't even act like it was unnatural.  Instead he was just super friendly and happy to make reco's for our order.  I couldn't make it to the bottom of my water glass before it was refilled because their water guy is just THAT FAST.  The food was delicious and delicately spiced.  If you care about authenticity my Indian friends seem to think every other Indian restaurant in a 3 mile radius serves food that is an embarrassment to the culture.  They give Aangan a thumbs up though. Seriously a rare gem especially considering it is so close to the morningside restaurant black hole
I ordered my food at 8:00pm and at 8:45pm I called to ask whether the food was on the way. It is 9:15pm and I still have not received the food. If you are hungry, do not order from here. You will starve to death before getting anything. Granted this is not a rating based on the quality of the food. If I ever I get it, I will revise this rating.
FOOD POISONING!!... i vomited for 5 hours straight... and spent time in the hospital... i never write reviews, but i felt this was important to get out
Ordered delivery, had the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. Flavor was definitly there but the chicken itself was a bit dry. Garlic naan was perfect.
This was average at best.  Had crispy cauliflower for appetizer.  It was soggy, not crispy and the sauce did not taste very good.   Had spinach with yellow lentils and my friend had chicken tandoori. Neither of us liked our entrees, which were nicely presented.  Too bad,  the place looks good, but now I know why it's empty every time I walk by it.  I will keep going to Indus Valley...
The delivery/take out special is awesome.  App, dinner, rice, naan and raita for $16.  The food is delicious, the portions are great, delivery is fast and the people are very nice.  I've never dined in, but we order take out a lot.
My husband and I are new to the neighborhood and are thrilled to have found our new Indian place. The restaurant is nicely decorated and cozy and the food is delicious, but the service is what really impressed me. One of the dishes we ordered was a cashew cauliflower dish, which I didn't realize until it arrived contained milk (or cream). I don't eat dairy, but my husband does, so he at it. I asked one of the servers if they could double check that it did contain dairy and when he learned it did, he offered to make a second one without the cream. When the bill came, we noticed we'd only been charged for one of the cauliflower dishes, so we pointed out the error and were told the second one was on the house. Above and beyond what I would have expected. We'll definitely be back.
Their Chicken Tikka Masala is just ammaaazzing! :)
I ordered chicken korma, and found the sauce to be watery, and the chicken dry. I don't tend to like it much when Indian restaurants use chicken breast meat in their curries anyway, but that's a personal preference. I will say, they delivered promptly, and their dinner deal was good value for money.
I had the naan, chutney, lamb rogan josh and some kind of chaat with little whole wheat crackers in it - which weirdly enough was one of my favorite bits.Altogether, the flavor was off in the rogan josh, the mango chutney was way too sweet and the fact that there were only 6 bits of lamb in the rogan josh really disappointed me. It was a good deal for the price, but I prefer Alachi Masala.
Pretty good food.  I got the $15 prix fixe dinner to go, and it was tasty.  I used their online ordering, which worked fine, but why aren't they available on Seamlessweb/campusfood/delivery.com?I'd give Indus Valley a slight edge on quality (only slight, though), but Aangan gives you almost twice as much food for the money.Will be ordering again.
My friends, family and I have ordered delivery from Aangan on numerous occasions.  The food NEVER disappoints.  Hands down, one of my favorites in the city.  The Take Out Deal is awesome.  More than enough food for two adults.  You have the option of several appetizers and entrees.  We usually go with either the chicken tikka masala or the chicken korma and the vegetable samosas(2), which come with a little side of channa masala, as a starter.  The na'an is always perfection.  Since recently switching to a gluten-free diet and having to, unfortunately forgo the na'an and samosas, they always give us a little extra something.  Definitely exceeds the $16 price tag!
It's been a while since I've had good Indian food. I've tried several of the other restaurants in Manhattan Valley and was never impressed enough to order a second time. Then I tried Aangan and as a result, I think I've ordered three times in the past three days (insert fatty fatty no friends jokes here. It's ok, I won't hear you. My tummy's too full of awesome food to notice! )They have a very impressive takeout/delivery special for $14.95 that includes an app, entree, naan, basmati rice, and several sauces. Since Indian food tends to be one of the more expensive types of takeout, this is a steal! Especially since the food fed both Shea D. and I. The only glitch with the special is that there are no substitutions (ie no subbing garlic naan for plain naan), even for an upcharge. You just have to order extra if you want something else. I'm not complaining though, because the food is so delicious and large-proportioned. We got the Samosas and the Chicken Tikka Masala the first night. It was so tasty that the next day I added Garlic Naan and Lamb Briyani to keep in the fridge as left overs.I don't know anything about the service/atmosphere in the restaurant, though I can guess from the cheerfulness of the people on the phone that the staff is nice! I'll have to try it sometime. Maybe when it gets warmer and I venture out of my heated apartment. :)
I loved Aangan until this most recent order when the paneer in my dish had gone bad. Should have listened to the other reviews on here ... sounds like this is a big problem all of a sudden.
Decent. The dal was a tad salty, but may have been an off-night.
Yummy thalia!The lunch specials are hard to beat. they are served thali style with delicious fresh nann. They have a really good dinner menu and a dinner special as well. The food is consistently good and the service is always polite and courteous.What makes this place extra special is that they have a few unique indian dishes that I have not seen elsewhere.Special items include...Dahi Kabab (yogurt fritters)Fish KoliwadaDiwan-e-Handi (veggy dish)There are a handful more unique dishes but those three are my favorites.
Plain and simple: got food poisioning from the Paneer Makhani. Friend got Saag Paneer and got a bad stomach ache. If their paneer was bad (which is a standard for first gen Indians) can't trust much else.
This is really a great little Indian place. We go there once a week and have never been disappointed. The Tandori dishes are excellent and the service is quick and friendly!
Cute atmosphere, decent waitstaff. The baingan bartha that I had was in a fairly large portion, and it was pretty good. I've had better though. Nice place for a date.
The take out deal here is amazing. You pick out an appetizer, an entree and it comes with rice, naan, raita and mango chutney. You get so much food and its all for you! They also do this deal for delivery which is what we did. I got the malai kofta and my roommate got the saag paneer and I gotta say this has been the best Indian food I've had since being in New York. Try the aloo chaat. you wouldn't believe that potatoes can taste so good.
My husband and I just went here for the first time tonight.  It was a totally spontaneous decision as we were walking along Broadway en route to another restaurant.We walked in and the ambiance of the restaurant was quite elegant, as their website advertises.  People were not dressed too fancily, but the place itself was very nice and not at all the kind of cheap Indian take-out place I am used to.The service was excellent.  We were seated immediately and offered drinks as soon as we sat down.  Our appetizer came moments after that, and throughout our dinner we received everything quickly.The food was even better than I expected!  We loved the paneer makhani, which tasted great along with their naan.  We also got chicken curry and it came with a decent sized pot of rice for us to share.  The flavors of all the food were delicious, just spicy enough to be interesting and smooth and rich.  Two entrees, naan, an extra pot of rice, and two Diet Cokes cost us $50 including tip.I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're willing to spend a tiny bit more than you would for takeout or cheap Indian food.  It is well worth it.
An improvement upon the Indian spot that was there before. I'd really give it 3.5 stars...as we did delivery and I have yet to eat at the actual restaurant.  It was basic and tasty.  We enjoyed the To Go special of 1 appetizer, 1 entree, 1 naan and the necessary sauces as well as fresh lime wedges and sliced onions... all for $15. I hope they are able to survive in this economy. It would be nice to keep them around!
I went here for the first time with my parents for dinner and the food was pretty good. My parents know their South Asian food, especially since they are South Asians and seemed to enjoy the food here that we went back a second time. We ordered a variety from Dhal, Chicken Tikka, Murgh Kali Mirch, Roti to Vegetable Biryani (yes I know, my family has a big appetite) and they all seem to have right aroma and spices. The staff were very attentive and friendly.It is a bit over priced, but I think it's worth it.
This is a review of the $10 vegetarian lunch thali platter.It was kind of mediocre. The "salad" was gross and the thali included some kind of goopy apple pie crap that was terrible.The actual indian food section of the thali was ok but I found the yogurt to be very creamy, not very tangy or yogurty, and the peas and carrots to be kind of meh.The get two stars for decor and clean bathrooms, and also for that one thing on my thali that was delicious. I don't know what it's called though.If you want a good vegetarian Indian lunch in this area, I would wholeheartedly recommend Ayurveda Cafe. Otherwise if you just want to eat something good, try Sookk across the street.
Great channa saag -- my healthier fallback option when I can resist ordering saag paneer. Huge portions. Fast delivery (but they never include utensils, so caveat emptor if you're not at home). Works for me.
Overall terrible. Sweet lassi was not thick, and just had sugar grains collecting at the bottom of the glass.  Mango lassi was OK.  Tikka Paneer was good.  The main course sauces were bland, but the worst was the chicken, dry and hard as a rock.  Very hard to have a conversation, as there is a lot of echo.  Room is pleasant, and looks nicer than most in the area, but food is not as good as the Indian restaurants in the 80s and Amsterdam.
I had brunch there and all I can say is a great value, I did 8 courses tasting (at once time) for lunch and all the flavors were amazing. Also the bread (cooked into a tandoori oven) was delicius. for sure ill back soon, maybe for dinner
So I've never eaten in this restaurant, but I order delivery from here all the time. This is really good food, and the takeout deal they offer is the best. You get naan, an appetizer, an entree and rice for under $15. I get three meals out of it! The baingan bartha here is the best, the aloo tiki really good, and the malai kofta is just ok. Anyway, if it's late, you're hungry, and you want something delicious, get on Seamless and type in Aangan.
For me the best Indian in the neighborhood - for those days I don't feel like trekking down to Murray Hill. Nice interior, good food selection, and so far I liked everything i ordered here (haven't tried delivery). One thing that puzzles me about this place though is the service- one day its attentive, knowledgeable and fun, and other times they manage to give you the feeling that they are totally overwhelmed..... Decided to give 4 stars nonetheless, because I really do like their food.
I got the lunch special with the saag paneer and the potato with cilantro or something like that. It was a good price, but the food wasn't nearly as good as some of the other indian food in the area (indian cafe). The cilantro lime sauce was too bland, the raita was uninteresting and not so tasty, and the naan was dry. What saves this review is the lunch special deal, and when you ask for a very spicy saag paneer, they deliver at least that.
the lunch deal is terrific. served thali style, the portions are perfect.  i ordered the non-vegetarian lunch with the chicken. it was moist and delicious. the gulub jaman is particularly delicious. service and ambiance is great. go and have lunch there. oh and splurge $1 extra for the garlic naan. it's so worth it.
I went here this past Valentine's Day and had a pretty good meal! My boyfriend and I ordered the mango and rose lassis, saag paneer, vegetable korma, and the rice pudding for dessert. We go out for Indian food fairly frequently and he said the saag paneer was better than many he had tried elsewhere. The lassis were also both delicious. The vegetable korma was decent; definitely not the best I've had, but good enough. The rice pudding was excellent, with orange zest mixed right into the pudding. Overall a very nice place with attentive waiters and quick service.
I love this place -- a lot of times I get chicken curry-type dishes and the chicken is dry or not so good - but this place always is moist. I come back whenever I'm in the area and want good indian. Great portions as well and nice atmosphere inside.
Murgh Tikka MasalaAloo TikkaThe tikka masala was sweet, certainly not how the dish should have tasted. Aloo tikka was nice though.
This review is for the thali lunch special. Good value, great food, hot out of the oven naan, and good selection of curries.
Paneer Mahkni was awesome. Just wished that basmati rice would come with my meal like a normal Indian food place would. The food was very good. Just the right amount of seasoning and kick you'd expect from Indian food. My beef with this place was the price. For the amount of food we ate, the price was a bit steep for my tastes. I would have expected either more in terms of portions or sides, etc. Overall go there at least once to make your own decision. :D
Staying at my friend's place in the Upper West Side, and not being familiar with the area, looked up popular restaurants on Yelp. Ordered lunch from Aangan based on all the great yelp reviews. I think the lunch menu should also be offered for lunch delivery - $10.95 vs. $15.95 is a fairly big difference, but I guess you can't have everything! Delivery time was prompt! It's a rainy day in NYC today too. Recommendations:- Vegetarian Samosas (spicy though!) - Aloo Dum Makhani - scooped potato cut in half & stuffed with minced vegetables in makhani sauce - Naan Bread
I've never actually walked into Aangan. Why would I? Their $15 prix fixe delivery menu is satisfying enough, and they bring the food to your doorstep. Besides, the food isn't really THAT good. It's more of a convenience thing - sometimes I want my food to seek me. I enjoyed the curry, roganjosh, and fritters.
They dont deserve 1 star! They only serve groups, not single people!!  They made me wait only to serve the group of 4 behind me.  I walked out.  This is America.  You dont discriminate against who gets food or not!
Beautiful inside, wonderful service. Samosas were delightful and the people watching was great. We had the lamb pukka and the aloo ghobi. They were perfectly spiced and so flavorful and fresh. The lamb was not gamey at all which is often a problem in my book. The aloo had very fresh veggies in it and the chutneys were also so delicious. Would definitely go again! Our waiter even gave us extra rice and chutneys for our leftovers :) perfect for dates and celebrations but not for kids.
This was a random but great find! The subway stop is literally right across the street from the restaurant so it's really easy access for those further downtown, just HopStop it. I came here on a Sunday night with my mom and sister and they both really enjoyed it as well. Being brown, I would have to say this had some very tasty Indian food. The service was great, very chill atmosphere and good food... what more can you ask? My mom grew up in India and she wants to come back here next time she's in New York so that's gotta count for something. I'll be back here, it's definitely with a try if you're nearby the Upper West Side.
Aangan's takeout special is a delicious bargain for UWS residents. For just $14.95 (go to www2.seamlessweb.com/foo…), I got two vegetable samosas, a generous serving of spicy lamb vindaloo (which was alarmingly red), a large helping of fragrant rice, a sizable piece of naan, assorted sauces, and--an unexpected bonus--a helping of hearty curry chickpeas.  It was easily enough food for two and possibly three people.  I much prefer Aangan to the vaunted Indus Valley based on the combination of Aangan's high quality food, voluminous servings, and low prices.  I have not dined at Aangan, but have admired the neat and tastefully decorated interior while walking by the restaurant on numerous occasions.
Aangan is the best. I order delivery via campusfood.com, and usually get the vegetarian samosa, which is SO good, and even though it's an appetizer, it's more than enough food for a whole meal because of the beans it comes with. The delivery people are always timely and courteous. It's not super cheap, which is why only 4 stars, but it's very very good food.
One of my favorite places to have lunch! The thali has just the right quantity for me and the price is great. I'll keep coming.
I was torn when writing this review. The food at this restaurant deserves the highest praise. The flavors are excellent as is the service and presentation. My problem is the C grade the restaurant gets from the Sanitation Department and the persistent problems the restaurant seems to have in cleaning up its act. I would love to go back to Aangan, have some more wonderful-tasting dishes, and give this place the higher rating the food merits. But Im not prepared to eat there nor can I offer a good review with sincerity before the owners get their hygiene under control.
We came here on a Saturday, 5/22/10 for lunch.  We usually go to Broadway Restaurant for brunch, but wanted to try something different.  I remember the previous Indian restaurant that was very dark and old looking.  This new restaurant was very clean, light, and pleasant.  We ordered the non-vegetarian, and the seafood thali  lunch platter, and a mango lassi.  The platters included a forgettable salad that consisted of romaine lettuce, cucumber, green bell peppers, carrots, and a blah tasteless honey mustard like dressing.  Both platters had the pulao rice, which is a basmati rice with peas, carrots, dal (lentils), vegetable of the day, which was eggplant with peas, raita (yogurt), and choice of dessert, gulab jamun, which is a fried cheese dumpling in sugar syrup, or rice pudding.  The platter consists of 7 small bowls that contain the various dishes, with the rice placed in the center on a palm leaf.  The platter also includes naan.For the meats, we chose the malai kebab, which was a white meat chicken kebab, murgh vindaloo, which was lamb cooked with vinegar, chilies and spices.  The chicken kebab was very tender and done perfectly.  The lamb was also done perfectly, tender and flavorful.  For seafood, we chose the goan fish curry which was fish cooked with sauteed onions, lime juice, spices & fresh coconut milk, and the malai shrimp, which was a buttered shrimp kebab.  The fish curry sauce was very tasty, but the fish itself was boring and forgettable.  The buttered shrimp kebab was very good, and cooked perfectly.The eggplant with peas was underseasoned and very oily, maybe of ghee, vegetables.  The dal was fine tasting.  The yogurt, and chutney were also OK, but nothing to write home about.  The gulab jamun was very sweet, and did not taste like a cheese dumpling, but more like a fried dough ball soaked in sugar syrup.  The rice pudding was very good, not too sweet, not too creamy.  The mango lassi was also very good, thick and mangoey.  The naan was very light, crisp, and not too oily.Overall, the thali platter was good sampling of what the restaurant has to offer.  The meats and seafood are done very well.  However, the portions of the thali platter are small, and you will likely be still hungry.  I wished that the rice was served in a small bowl like the rest of the dishes in the thali platter as it is difficult to eat.  Also, another disappointment is that they do not serve chai, coffee, or hot drinks.  Lunch seems to be the best deal, as dinner is considerable more expensive with entrées starting at around $12 for veg, and $14 for chicken dishes.  The pre-fix for dinner is only available for take-out or delivery.
I am not a fan. The place is beautifully and tastefully decorated with copper, creme and brown colors. Best looking Indian restaurant I have dined in. But the food was on the pricier end even compared to better Indian restaurants downtown and not that great flavor-wise. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala $14 which is my favorite Indian dish and while I liked that it had a spicy kick to it did not hit the spot. The rice was flavorless and on the dry side. The worse was the naan which was too thin, almost cracker-like. I enjoy a nice fluffy, thick naan that I use for dipping. The chicken curry was just not good. Overall their menu was pricier and I was not impressed with the food product. They do have a take out/delivery special which may be worth it. I probably will not be returning to eat in. Service was excellent though and very attentive.
Lovely place. Tikka masala and saag chana -- both had a small kick, without asking (so often bland and disappointing). A thinner naan loaded with garlic and butter that, in spite of its thinness, was flavorful. Perfectly polite staff, nice interior with big windows onto the street, frequently filled water. I'm certain I will return.
3.5 stars.My husband and I came here for dinner last Friday and we have a great experience. The service was very good and so was the food. The scallops for appetizer was delicious. We've never seen scallops cooked that way before but we really liked it. I always get the Bharta and my husband always get the Lamb Vindaloo. We've had those from many different Indian restaurants and this place is one of the better ones. Akbar from South California is still our favorite but this restaurants does a good job too. The only thing is I wish they can make it more spicy (I already asked for extra spicy).
This place is great.  Not your typical Indian restaurant-- It has more of an upscale feel but is still inexpensive.  The service was awesome and our food came super fast (almost too fast..).  An instant neighborhood favorite-- I will definitely be back!!
Just had the fixed price thali lunch at Aangan, after many months of wondering what the food was like. NOT impressed. The fish was good, but the two bean dishes were literally inedible. The chickpea dish was dried out, and chickpeas were hard and undercooked. Lentils in other bean dish were also way undercooked and under spiced. Naan that came with order was oily. Quite overpriced for what it was. I would not go back.
I've ordered here from Seamless multiple times and gotten a few different dishes. The chicken murgh korma is absolutely fantastic and the portions are generous, and the lassi (both sweet lassi and mango lassi) are delicious as well. It's cheaper than Indus Valley and equally good if not better. The naan is great too, and the people I've spoken to on the phone are courteous and helpful. Great spot for Indian food on the UWS.
Always get take out from here because it's one of the few Indian places that deliver to our neighborhood. The take out special is great, although overpriced. Delivery is usually reasonable, within an hour or less. I really enjoy the vegetable samosas.
I'm perplexed that this place has any negative reviews.  I find it expensive, but as Indian food in New York goes, it's by far my favorite.  I've tried places on Lex and go to a few different spots in Brooklyn, but if I want really good Indian food, I trek to the upper west side.  The first time I went, I was meeting friends and didn't write down the name.  Afterwards all I remembered was the utter joy I felt inhaling the fish tikka masala (or equivalent on their menu) and felt utterly devastated that I'd never be able to find it again.   It became almost like a dream in my head -- the one amazing Indian restaurant in NY.  Luckily I remembered the 103 subway stop and after some research found it again a year later.  I was scared to go back, scared that it wouldn't live up to the expectations in my head.  But it did!  It's now somewhere I go for special occasions, cause I don't want it to lose it's allure.
I like this place and I go here all the time but just a heads up - a lot of the dishes here are sweeter than at other Indian restaurants.  If you like your dishes sweet, it's perfect, but if not, make sure to get some recommendations from the waiter.  I wouldn't recommend the chicken tikka masala for this reason, but love most of their other dishes.
Complete and utter food coma. Mmmmm... happy. The vegetarian thali is a fantastic deal. A lot of food for $11 sounds good to me. The samosas were a little bland and the paneer makhani was a little sweet but the malai kofta was awesome and the dal makhani was perfectly spicy. Definitely going back as long as it stays this cheap!
Chicken tikka masala is way too sweet.  This will probably keep me away, because swagat has a very nice tikka masala and a similar 'brunch' special with naan, appetizers and entree for $12.  Naan was cold and too doughy.
After reading the reviews, I decided to try Aangan and Indus Valley.  And I must say that Indus valley was by far the best, the quality of the food, and the variety was great.  For example at Aangan, the vegetarian option consisted of just beans and the lentils was watery and the curry not as tasty, while at Indus Valley, the variety consisted of spinach, cauliflower, and chickpeas, and lentils and it was great.  I had the best samosa, I've ever had.  I will now be going to Indus Valley.
By far the best Chicken Vindaloo I've ever had! The Chicken Tikka Masala is also excellent as is the Aloo Gobhi. The Vegetable Samosas were a bit on the oily side but the spices and filling were superb. A bit pricey but well worth it. Can't wait to try everything else they have. Am planning on ordering their Saffron Shrimp next time.
LOVE the Tikka Massala! I had never had Indian food before I tried Aangan. I have since gone to a few different places and not one compares to Aangan. I've only had the takeout deal which is great. I'm a huge fan! My husband is very adventurous and has loved everything he has tried. I recommend Aangan to everyone!
Great little neighborhood Indian joint.  The service was solid, the atmosphere welcoming and the food most importantly was greaat.   We kept it simple...chicken korma with a side of nan.  I'll definitely be going back/ordering delivery.
Have taken out a couple of times; dined there first time last night. Agree with other reviewers that the food is indeed subtler and more sophisticated than that of the Indian restaurant it replaced. The restaurant space is also nicely redone, removing the old drop ceiling and opening up the space to let in more light from the windows close to the ceiling.However, I can give it only 3 stars for the following reasons:the take out portions are too meager for the price, and are not the deal you would rightly expect;the staff, while efficient and professional, are not particularly personable nor friendly; personalbleness is essential in good customer service, and they need to work on that;and they have no hot drinks for after dinner, not even a spiced tea, which I have come to enjoy after dinner at every other Indian restaurant I've ever been to. And they weren't even apologetic or conciliatory about not having hot drinks, which I would consider rather irregular.Aangan seems to be doing well so far, seeing them rather full every night I walk right by it from the subway to my home, and I will go back, but they do need to work on these small things that can turn a merely good dining experience into a great one!
I hate to say it but many Indian restaurants often have a poor grade from the dept. of Health.Not this one, fortunately.  Appetizers are much more interesting than just the usual pakoras and samosas and the saag paneer, which is often what I gauge an Indian restaurant by, was extremely good.  Service was attentive.  Recommended.
A decent Indian restaurant. Like the lunch specials. Not very spicy, but would love them if they make it more spicy. Being a vegetarian, have always tried vegetarian lunch meal. Good food with panner( cottage cheese) curry, malai kofta and dal. Love the samosas.
I think this is by far the best North-Indian joint on the west-side past 96th. The food is very authentic and the decor is tastefully done. There are a handful of indian restaurants who get the north-indian cooking right this is one of them. A lot of the indian food uptown have a Bengal influence making them quiet greasy. Needless to say the food here is quiet palatable and worth a visit the takeouts a good deal.
This place was two blocks down from our hotel and right next to our subway station. Every time we came back from our day's activities we were so tempted to go in. One evening it was raining so hard that I was not in the mood to go too far, so we finally caved in. The place is cozy and the ambiance is kind of romantic, the smell of all the deliciousness was intoxicating. For the life of me I cannot remember what I ordered but I was impressed--delicious, simply delicious.
we LOVE this restaurant. The food has never disappointed us. Our family and friends are finally happy that we chose a restaurant that didn't disappoint them. the food is spectacular and the staff is tremendous. we are so lucky to have Aangan only a few blocks away from us! please keep them in business because I can't stand to lost them!!
I've gone to eat here twice and have left happy both times. I've only ordered the Murgh Tikka Marsala and naan from here but they're both delicious. The service is also good and attentive. They also have a take out special that includes appetizer, entree and naan for $15. Would recommend!
Quality Indian food at a reasonable price. I got the Chicken Tikki Masala and was very pleased. Would definitely go back.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants on the Upper West Side!  Consistent, fresh, high quality meals.
The perfect place when I want to eat a proper indian brunch on the weekends.This is the only place in the city where I feel that the food tastes close to the aunthentic indian way.The buffet is reasonable,its all you can eat for a buffet and still walk out feeling full and satisfied.
Not sure what the fuss is about, this place strikes me as really mediocre. Nothing tastes fresh, the spices aren't strong, and you come out feeling a little sick. Some of the worst na'an I've ever had.
Delicious meal there last night. The breads and the saffron shrimp were particularly good. The shrimp were large and tasted like lobster.
Usually I have a wonderful experience both eating in and having delivery from Aangan.  I have a loyal customer for years and have referred many friends, "liked" them on FB, etc. Tonight, however, was one of the worst experiences I have had with delivery in NYC. I ordered my food at quarter to 7 and while taking my order they asked me to hold for a moment and I listened for five minutes while they took someone else's delivery order ahead of mine.  When they returned they took down my information and then hung up on me without saying goodbye.  I checked in at 7:40 when my food had not yet arrived and was told the food would be there in 10 minutes.  At 8:00 I called again and asked to speak with a manager to inform him that I was having a difficult experience with his restaurant.  He proceeded to  interrupt me multiple times to provide many excuses and end the conversation without listening to my feedback.  At 8:30 my food was delivered cold.  I called again to inform him and he said "take your meal complimentary" and hung up.  I had already provided credit card info so I am not hopeful the meal will be "complimentary" but this also isn't the point.  Cold food 1.5 hours after you order it isn't even good free.  A little customer service or respectful behavior would have gone a long way to making it a very different experience.
I often write reviews of indian restos because it's an interesting anthropological study to see how Indian people are treated at them.  This place is lovely.  Only reason I dropped a star was because they don't have masala chai, but other than that I was pleased with my meal and experience.  The decor is simple but nice (the chandelier is worth a picture, I've never seen a piece like that so good on them for being creative and making it the centerpiece of the main room.  If I could buy it, I probably would).  The service was solid, no hovering, but no ignoring either.  Brought stuff when we asked them and did so with a smile.  Pretty intimate for an indian place.  Also, you can get a thali (full meal with several small dishes, rice, naan, and a dessert) for a very, very cheap price and just the right amount of food and spice.  They even planned down to the somf mix (usually fennel seeds, some small pieces covered in sugar and given as a digestive aid at the end near the door).  It was kept in a beautiful covered box, not exposed to the elements.
We've aaten here twice. The food was delicious, if a little pricey.  Looking forward to going back.
just goes to show once again that popular doesn't equal good.  i had the lamb rogan josh.  curry flavor was off, way too salty, barely any lamb, and what lamb there was was dry, tough, flavorless.  disgusting. also had the fried cauliflower.  basically got soggy cauliflower drowning in ketchup/tomato sauce, with a bunch of sugar thrown in just to appease the tasteless masses who love this place.  and to top it off, overpriced.  overall, terrible. just terrible.
