Wow! Can't say enough good things. We had three people for lunch and ordered a few different things to share. The waitress was helpful in picking. My favorite was the crispy fish as well as the different fried rices. Everything was outstanding. Very fresh ingredients with lots of spice. The atmosphere is clean and airy, and there were only a few other tables for lunch.
Delicious regional Chinese food. Relatively new place that opened. Fast and easy place for lunch. Small portions for the price but it is really good quality food. I've been here multiple times with friends for lunch. Friendly staff and good large space to hangout.
This place is cool, by which I mean it is hip, by which I mean it is trendy. "Hipster Chinese" is a genre that has swept New York City (and maybe other places too, who know) over the past 5-7 years. As to what the food is actually like, well, you know the drill: Small plates, often Szechuan or Northern Chinese inflected, plated and served in a way that is meant to evoke New American fine dining. This food is rarely "authentic," but the good news is, a lot of it is interesting, creative, and delicious. Birds of a Feather is a shining example of this genre-- and though it's early to say, maybe the jewel in the crown.Our meal started, as it must, with Dan Dan Noodles. I can never leave a new Szechuan place without trying the Dan Dan Noodles, and honestly, if they are not good, I am not going to feel great about the rest of the meal. Well, don't sweat it, the Dan Dan Noodles here are excellent, perhaps second only to another hipster Szechuan giant of NYC: Han Dynasty. Han's are still my favorite, but Birds of a Feather has a superb example of the dish and you may wish to order two.Our first appetizer was Okra with a Szechuan peppercorn sauce. These are barely cooked okra, still snappy, still slimy, with an intense chili and szechuan peppercorn sauce, lots of ma, lots of la. While this is certainly for okra-lovers only, if you are an okra lover who also loves szechuan flavors, this is basically your ideal food.The fried chili eggplants are, essentially, flawless. Japanese eggplants are halved, cut into hasselback accordions, given a light crisp batter and smothered in a sauce that is spicy, sweet, and funky. We wanted to save half of them for lunch but we did not have the discipline-- these are flawless and were likely the highlight of the meal. Get two of these too.Spicy Cumin Lamb is a Szechuan staple that I am also likely to order at any Szechuan restaurant to which I go. There can be huge diversity in this preparation: sometimes it is breaded, sometimes it is not, sometimes it is sauced, sometimes it is dry, sometimes it has whole cumin seeds, sometimes it is heavily powdered with cumin. This incarnation of the dish is unbreaded, very sauced, and hugely flavorful. The lamb is sliced thin and cooked and intensely tender; I have to say that this is one of the only versions I've ever had where i would have eaten the lamb plain. It does not have whole cumin seeds, but stlil packs of a lot of cumin flavor. Hot green peppers round out the dish (I should say "fill out the dish"-- it's about half hot green peppers), and make for a spin on a classic that serves both scrumptious meat and intense flavor. A must-have.The only thing I didn't really care for were the baby squids. The sauce is good, but the squids themselves are like tiny little bombs of brine, and unfortunately I think the whole thing just ends up with too much of a fishy taste. It's a good idea but after you have one they start to seem a little bit like work. A small misstep in an otherwise superb meal. The place looks great inside and the service is extremely attentive and friendly. Birds of a Feather may be "another" hipster Chinese, but it appears to rest at the height of the art form. Looking forward to coming back.
[Reposted review to remove the inappropriate content -- it was that saucey!]I went here twice in the last week having tried around 8 dishes and have decided to write a review given how mixed the viewpoints posted on here are. No doubt the mixed views is partly due to them being a new establishment (so for example the service is now rock solid -- outside of crazy periods). This place is an enjoyable dining experience. Nice decor, lighting, and vibe -- if not a touch loud. This attention to detail however does not continue over into the food, which is ultimately remarkably unexceptional: lacking sparks of flavor bursts or creativity. Unless you know the gems on this menu you won't find the experience particularly flavorful. A few dishes stand out -- and a few spicier mains looked good. But all in all the food is bland and uninspired. I eat out Sichuan often, have traveled extensively in Asia and china and cook proper Sichuan food myself on occasion. So I have some, albeit limited, understanding of Sichuan Chinese food.The bad:The places "modern" twist seems to manifest itself in the form of an almost complete absence of whole Sichuan chilies and pepper corns in the food. This leads to a lack of rounded, bursting, flavors. I'd guess they use one type of Sichuan pepper corn when cooking the dan dan noodles, for example. Yet its comes across as too little too late. No flavor bursts. The dan dan noodles are passable but not exciting. Not spicey enough. Noodles are boring. No numbness. No nothing. Meh.The eggplant was not great either. Excellent texture (i.e. expertly fried and battered) -- and the idea has potential -- but the sauce did not belong in such a restaurant. And I actually think the batter hides the gorgeous purple eggplant skin which makes the dish so appealing to westerners. If you like that Chinese eggplant you should instead try having a proper classic Sichuan eggplant with Garlic sauce and scallions -- it kicks its ass. The chicken starters seemed dull. We got the bang bang chicken. I asked for it extra spicey after reading the reviews. It came poorly presented swimming in a very mild chilli oil sauce which lacked any punch at all -- and I'm not some spice fiend. I have a South African Jewish stomach. So if they can't even touch sides with me then I fear there is no hope. The chicken needed salt and a complete face lift.The Twice cooked pork is passable but lacking the delicious wow factor of Sichuan twice fried pork I would hope for. Again: add salt, spice, fat -- and repeat (or recook).The good:The rice is good and well portioned. The tea is excellent and well served and refilled. The waiters are lovely and well trained. The two food stars of the show so far have been: (1) the pea shoots -- which are nice and salty (God this chef needs to open some salty condiments for the other dishes!). They were well cooked, and with a generous and well cut portion of sliced garlic mixed in. As it should be. (2) The lead actor however is the mother and father tripe starter. It is spicy, bursting with well rounded Sichuan flavor, and served with a sprinkling of coriander leaves. The portion is generous and the meat is soft with a good mix of well cooked fat. If the rest of the menu was like that dish I would be a regular here. But alas: the dish only reminds one how good Sichuan food can be, not how good it is at this establishment.The table next to mine had some huge looking soupy meaty bowl which looked delicious.Conclusion: If you leave a Sichuan restaurant without having broken a swet, begged for extra tea or serviettes from a passing waiter, or blown your nose as if it was your siblings wedding, then something has gone wrong. And friends, that is the case here.All in all you're paying for the atmosphere more than the food. Given that the prices are very reasonable I'd happily come here again for dinner now and then. But 3rd avenue Han dynasty and its Neighbours; and the Sichuan place behind NYU, will offer far more flavorsome experiences.Next time I'll come back and try the mapo tofu and some of the other mains. And I'll update my review. But unless this kitchen starts breaking out some well rounded spice combinations, consisting of healthy combinations of Sichuan pepper corns, Sichuan chilli oil, Sichuan chilli peppers, all those salted cured things (which help make the mapo tofu so tasty), then I will not be converted. Hipsters, with tongues still numb from their weekend binge on wholefoods humus and stevia sodas, may be less apprehensive about the absence of flavour and spice. As is life. So: come here for a date or a casual evening. Book ahead. But don't come here expected anything exciting or too different or too flavorsome, unless you order very well. I must admit though: I do enjoy digging for treasure, and that is why I will return here.  To see if I can't find just one more gem.
Came to NY with some family and stumbled upon this AMAZING restaurant!!!! LOVED the food !!! LOVED the staff, Aric, James, Fresh, Jayne, Jacky, Lok, Steven, Cass, Mitch, and David literally made us feel at home and made this such a great experience full of great good, amazing atmosphere and some of the best staff I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.  The manager Cass was hilarious and made this dining experience so memorable (: The soup dumplings were so good, fried rice was amazing, the dan dan noodles great, literally everything was 10/10 Thanks again for the great night !!!
Finally,  a legit Chinese restaurant in Willyb. So happy to have this addition to our neighborhood.Ordered 7 things on the menu for the 2 of us because we wanted to try everything. No need to tip because it's already included in food prices. Extra * for that!  Dandan noodles and bang bang chicken were my favs. Everything was very flavorful.Only thing needs improvements is their xiao lun buns. Skin is too thick.  Everything came out perfect and fast.  They serving lunch from 12 to 5, self service.  I don't have to travel to Flushing or Manhattan for spicy Chinese food anymore! !
So excited that there is finally an amazing Chinese restaurant in Williamsburg.  The Sichuan restaurant is serving delicious, spicy and flavorful dishes. We had the wontons in chili oil, baby squid, Dan Dan noodles, lamb with cumin and snow pea shoots. The baby squid was the perfect combination of spicy with a bit of sweetness. The lamb with cumin was smokey and spicy, I loved every bite. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
Booked a table through Yelp (god bless) and was promptly seated upon arrival. Stephen (Steven?) our waiter was very attentive and absolutely loved the minimalist decor. The restaurant is still in its soft launch phase so we were able to byob (god bless #2). The steamed whole fish and short ribs were delicious and reminded me of my mother's cooking. The soup dumplings fell a little short, but I'm also from Shanghai so YA KNOW. Note: Gratuity is included in the bill
Cafe China, I think, New York's only one star Michelin Sichuan Restaurant opened a new location in Williamsburg in late March of this year.   It's a modern and bright space, with light wood and a minimalist style.  There are booths that flanks the sides of the rectangular space and a large communal table that runs the middle.. Like Cafe China, the place is no tipping.   Overall, i would say the food is good, definitely giving Grand Sichuan a run for the title of best Sichuan in Brooklyn.  There were a couple of misses but, overall it was refined and delicious.   We started with their soup dumplings.. Crab roe, 4 to an order.. They were a really nice version.. Definitely repeatable.  Actually, i will just list everything we ordered. 1) We ordered spicy and sour cold tofu.. This is usually a breakfast item and came under the heading of dim sum.. It was soft tofu with a lot of sichaun peppercorn and oil and a sour component.. On top, was sprinkled toasted soy beans.. This left my mouth more tingly than I have felt in a long time.. At 4 bucks, this is the best value on the menu..  2) We orderd snow peas with garlic.. This was exemplary, one of the things that I love about eating in China is a simple dish of  greens.. I ordered a side of black vinegary to dip and things were great.. A ton of sliced garlic, a little broth at the bottom of the dish, it was one of my favorite things were ordered.   3 and 4) Mung Bean Noodles and Sichuan Cold Noodles..  I wish I read the description of the Cold Sichuan Noodles because it was more like the sesame noodles and less like the Noodles you get everywhere in Chengdu.. The noodles themselves were too sweet.. Definitely geared towards an American Pallet. In that I found it to have way to much peanut and sweetness.. The vinegar was faint but, it just seemed like an exaggerated version of sesame noodles..  The mung bean noodles didn't stand out as anything special.. 5)This was our least favorite of the dishes.. This was cold pork belly, wrapped around okra.. The pork belly is like cold strips of bacon, braised in a sweet soy sauce.. This is classic preparation that had been kicked up with okra.. I guess the okra was supposed to act like bitter melon but, bitter melon would have been better.. the okra was poorly treated, i want to say raw but, miss A thought quickly steamed.. Either way, raw whole pieces of okra or rare pieces of crunchy bitter okra was not pleasant at all..   6)Fried Fish with chile.. This was delicious.. while the batter was slightly steamed on the fish as a result of sitting perhaps, this is not uncommon in China.. Frying something and leaving at room temperature is a practice done in almost every kitchen but, America.. Often times, this dish could be bland.. Restaurant will use older peppercorns and the dish just tastes like fried fish.. They incorporate the sauce and the peppercorns and cilantro and a food other ingredients that, when mixed, add a delicious element to the dish.. Certainly not under seasoned.   They have been open for roughly 3 months and still do not have a liquor license.. With no tipping, i am assuming, its going to be beer and wine as I don't know a bartender you are going to hire without tips.  This boggles the mind, i don't understand how that happens.. 3 to 4 months in and no license.   We drank  tea, it was lovely.. Service was on point, not super friendly but, through computers and things, the orders hit the kitchen.  Tea refilled, plates cleared...   I would go back, the things we liked are worth repeating and happy to try other dishes..
Absolutely delicious! Perfect place for dinner with friends. The food is comparable if not better than Cafe China. Highlights were the thousand year egg dim sum and chung king chicken. The lamb with cumin is just like what you'd find in Queens. Note that they just got their alcohol license, so a limited but adequate beer and wine selection. Location is perfect.
This is a great addition to the neighborhood: I'm very happy to have a legit Chinese place in the area. Food was good.  Not going to say it was the best Szechuan ever, but very authentic flavors and dishes...in other words, not all the usual dishes or American specialties.  We had cumin lamb, which was good, but I thought it was over seasoned, and therefore couldn't really taste the lamb enough.  Green beans were great.  Everyone loved the shrimp dumplings.The decor is nice.  Very comfortable.  No kitch, other than the blue and white plates, which I liked.  Service was decent too.Prices were decent, and it is BYOB at the moment.
I do not recommend this place at all. My friends and I made dinner reservations and were seated near the windows. We were excited about what we thought would be great seating. However, there were so many bugs and flies everywhere! We believe it is because they are attracted to the plants. But it was so distracting. They were flying all round our food and even going into it... It was absolutely horrible. The customer service is great, but extremely slow. We waited for more than 30 minutes for our food to come out. We were just sitting there with nothing to munch on, just water to drink. But we didn't understand why other people who came much later than we did were getting their food before us. Then, when we were ready to leave, we asked for the check. We had to ask about 3 times and wait a total of 15 minutes just to get the check and another 5 minutes for the payment to processed. The food is not great at all. We had a few appetizers, entrees and desserts. Everything lacked flavor and was very bland. We ordered some dishes that were supposed to be "spicy" according to the menu. However, those dishes were not spicy at all. There are so many places around with better food with flavor with more affordable prices.
A Sichuan place in the heart of Williamsburg which has a no top policy? Yes please !Made a reservation for Friday night and came here with my husband and we were pleasantly pleased with the quality of the food and the ambience. We got the dan dan noodles to start with which was great ! So flavorful and the noodles were just perfect. My husband got the three pepper chicken for the main course and I did the mapo tofu. He claimed the chicken was excellent , spicy and flavorful. My mapo tofu was good, but I have surely eaten better ones. But I completely loved the vibe of this place and would come back sometime !
Delicious Szechuanese food in Williamsburg. Definitely our favorite Chinese food in Brooklyn. Our favorite menu items include the cumin lamb, beef with peppers, and wontons in chili oil. Worth getting reservations as it can get busy.
I have mixed feelings about this place. The food is pretty good, but I ordered from here a couple nights ago and three dishes plus service fees totaled $60. I thought it was a bit much, but ordered anyway, because we were in the mood for Szechuan food. What completely turned me off was that when the food arrived, there was no rice. Apparently, you have to order rice separately for dishes that would typically include it. Won't be ordering from here again.
best szechuan i've had in nyc. one of my go-to favorite restaurants for both lunch and dinner. soup dumplings are great. if you love a plate of spicy szechuan peppers go for the three pepper chicken. i might be insane but i love chewing on those chilis. dan dan noodles are great. so are the sesame noodles and pea shoots.
The food was great and the service was on point and swift. I really like the atmosphere of the restaurant, although I am not a huge fan of communal tables, ( we didn't sit at one) but it seemed roomy and not intrusive. The dan dan noodles were great, the pickles were legit and I would definitely go back.Only negative was the no-booze or alcohol situation all new restaurants have trouble with at first, but I am sure they will get their license soon.Great soft launch guys. Will be back.
This spot opened up a few months ago in Williamsburg.  It's a beautiful restaurant with booths by the front windows, seats along the side of the walls, and a large communal table in the middle.  Only had to wait 20 minutes on a Saturday night.  The restaurant's liquor license has not been approved yet, so there is no alcohol (as of July 29, 2017), but there is a bar in the back with beer taps ready.  The hostess was the best part of service.  She was nice, attentive, and made sure we enjoyed our meal.  We ordered the Radish Puffs and Thousand-Year Egg and Tofu Rolls.  The radish puffs were OK, but the rolls were incredible.  It's a unique take on the traditional dish.  Next came the Braised Whole Fish in Chili Sauce (bone-in, for 2) and Ma Po Tofu.  Both these dishes were delicious!  What I love most about BOAF is how clean and not greasy every dish was.  I don't eat Szechuan style often, but this place was worth a try.
Made a reservation at 4:30.  Enter at 4:30, and are told they are not seating and the kitchen will re-open at 6:00.Politely show them we made a reservation and are seated.  Things are looking up.Food is mediocre, at best.  Shrimp dumplings ok.  Eggplant good.  Three Pepper Chicken is awful.  Ask to send it back and am told they have a policy that does not allow food to be sent back.Wait staff is messing around and not waiting on the remaining tables in the corner.  Pay the check and leave.  Many better places to get your fix.  Han Dynasty is East Village is miles better, and with substantially better service.Don't come here with the high expectations I did.
I want to start out by saying that I was very excited to try this place and had high hopes because there is a severe lack of authentic Chinese food in this area.First of all, they are no longer BYOB!! However, they do not have a liquor license so no alcohol here. Don't understand why they took the BYOB away :( Service: The service could definitely be improved. We had to wave a server down for everything we needed and saw multiple other tables do the same thing. They definitely need to hire extra people. Aside from a few waiters working attentively, everyone else was socializing. The hostess had her friend here the whole time we were there and they were gossiping and on their phones. Extremely unprofessional! -1 star Cleanliness: The girl with the nose ring was playing with her nose ring the whole time and was also serving food. Ew. When she brought out our lamb dish I cringed. -2 stars Food: The food is pretty damn good. That's what the 2 stars are for. We got the string beans, baby squid, and spicy lamb. All three dishes were very good and had a lot of flavor. Not too spicy. The back of the house seems to be working a lot better than the front. Please, hire more people and train the ones you have. Some of these issues might be because of the no tipping policy. As much as I love this whole no tipping thing, it might be why the service is so lacking.
Great meal, great service, great environment would recommend. Beware (spicy/bell) peppers are abundant!
My girlfriend and I went here the other week and I wasn't all that impressed. We ordered the Crab soup dumplings which were fantastic, the cold sesame noodles which were just ok, and for the entree we split the 3 pepper chicken, which had a great flavor but was just far too dry. Overall the flavors all worked but for the prices that these guys are charging, you're better off going to Han Dynasty in the EV or, better yet, to an authentic spot in glorious Chinatown.
We went during the "soft opening" hours of this Williamsburg gem last night to celebrate my brothers graduation. It was delicious. We started with soup buns ( the pork and the crab), the ginger string beans, and the cold noodles. Then  we ordered the three pepper chicken, the eggplant, and the lamb (which was my personal favorite). We finished with the rice pudding filled with red bean (yum). We shared the dishes among 5 of us and everyone left full and happy. The person who took our order was very personable and had us laughing in no time. This restaurant is a no tip restaurant, but if you enjoy your service it certainly doesn't hurt to add a little something extra. :)The only cons I saw was 1) they don't have a liquor license yet. I enjoy a glass of wine post dinner like some people enjoy coffee. But they promised that one was on its way.2) the items that were indicated as spicy on the menu, were not very spicy. It was more like...well... white people spicy. (You know what I'm saying). But knowing that now, I would just ask them to kick up the spice in the future.Overall, we were very pleased and would love to come back in the future.
Located on Grand street in the geart of Williamsburg, Birds of a Feather is one of the better Sechzuan restaurants i've tried. The only complaint I had was regarding the wait which took longer than was told to expect, otherwise I give it 5 stars. The service was quick, servers attentive, and polite. The interior of the restaurant is very simple, clean, and airy. Perfect for a date. The food is as unbelievably flavourful and tasty. I tried the dan dan noodles, which had so much flavor, my lips were dancing on my face. The three spice chicken was my entree, and at first I feared it would be too spicy but the kitchen altered the spice level to mild. It came out a little less spicy than I wanted but still tasted delicious. I also ordered the poached wontons which came in what I came here for; the chili oil. My god, it's so good! My suggestion is to notet a drop go to waste. Put it on everything, especially if you have a side of white rice. Definately will come back to this restaurant!
Asians know Asian food (for the most part anyways).  This place is definitely a white-washed version of Szechuan food, but I like that the tip is included in the price of the dishes.  There is a communal table in the middle of the room, which might be hard if you have a party of over four, since the tables are wide it seems far apart if you aren't sitting directly next to them.  We sat next to a couple who were on opposite sides and it was just awkward.  The service here is great, we didn't like one of our dishes so they took it back and didn't charge us for it.  It is in the neighborhood so I would come for small bites if my friends wanted, but for real Chinese food I would prefer to head into Chinatown.  They also don't have their liquor license yet, so they are BYOB for now!
Great little spot. Authentic tasting Chinese food.Ordered the Gong Bao Chicken, Mapo Tofu, Scallion Pancakes.Cashier is a cutey.Come if you love Chinese food!!!
Tasty szechuan food for surprisingly cheap in NYC, but it's absolutely nothing special to write home about. We had a chance to try several dishes, including the dan dan noodles, three pepper chicken, scallion pancake, fluffy eggplant, and a side of rice. Of these dishes, the most remarkable was the chicken. The dan dan noodles were decent, though I could see its oiliness as a potential turnoff to some. Nothing was actually remarkably spicy at all, despite peppers being everywhere. This all comfortably fed 3 people for about $50 bucks total. The interior is somewhere between pre-war chic and barely-developed exposed brick. In short, very "Brooklyn gentrifier hipster" aesthetic.This is a non-tipping establishment which helps contribute to its affordability, but at one major cost: service. The staff is remarkably inattentive to levels I have never seen before, it was offensive. It took a while to flag our waiter down to place our order, and while the food came not soon after, that was basically when the service ended. They took a year to come buss the table, a lifetime to get us our check, a forever to take our cards, an eternity to get them back to us. Given the layout of the restaurant, you could clearly see what the staff was doing: absolutely nothing but chit chatting and gossiping with each other at the bar area. It was like they were all on xanax or something, just completely aloof and out of touch. To be honest, you could easily walk out of the restaurant without paying a single cent for your meal, they likely wouldn't notice and probably wouldn't even care.I can't say I'll ever return here, seeing as there's nothing unique to ever draw me back.
This place was a bummer. Went there with 3 bottles of wine, as they were still BYOB when we made our resi. Show up, not only was there no BYOB, but no alcohol at all. On a Friday at 8pm. Bad Dishes:Kung Pao Chicken - Too much coriander. It left my mouth numb. Soup Dumplings - There was no soup! They were fully deflated!Good Dishes:Rice with Shredded Duck - Smokey and delicious. Great compliment to the meal. Okra and Pork Rolls - Wish I had gotten two orders. Great sauce and great taste. Would maybe go back once they figure out their alcohol situation, as it was very reasonably priced. But for now, no thank you.
I have waited seven years for Williamsburg to have a legitimate Chinese restaurant. This is an excellent one by not just that standard, but any. The Dan Dan Noodle recipe is outstanding, as are other Chengdu classics. Combine that with a modern environment, a willing and enthusiastic wait staff, and that it's already this good on day TWO of being open, and you've got a winner. Those used to Williamsburg standard Chinese should be warned -- when they say something is spicy, they mean by the real standard, not as compared to a farm to table veal chop or something. Truly am excited about this place in a way I haven't been about many new Wburg spots in a while.
The self-service lunch needs to be better guided. Yes, there were instructions on the communal table and on the entrance, but it's pretty small font and indicated that it was a weekday thing. It is confusing to walk in on a weekend, see staff walking around but who just ignore curious diners standing around in the front of the restaurant waiting for guidance. This leads to walk-outs and no returns. We persevered and enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles. The Sichuan cold noodles were numbing, but need to be more chilled.
If you miss the rock 'n' roll days of Mission Chinese post-Mission Street Food -- the wild syrupy chili oil and drunken excess of sour and numbing Sichuan peppercorn -- come here and re-experience the wild acid trip of flavor right in your mouth hole. The ambiance is more subdued and clean (feels less like a mom and pop and more polished like a new joint in Williamsburg) but the menu stays true to the cuisine. No frills no fusion bullshit. Highly recommend the eggplant, whole fish with red sauce, and cumin lamb.
New Chinese spot in Williamsburg, same owner as cafe china and china blue. Menu has fewer selection than the other two spots but all the dishes we tried are pretty good. Also surprised to see freshly made soy milk here. Would recommend.
That was the worst "Authentic" Chinese I've ever tried. I ordered the pork with silky tofu, greens brleans with mince pork and chili wontons. I was excited about the wontons hoping they would beat Vanessa's especially for the price. They had the most disgusting after taste and my mouth feels a bit numb. Not sure what that is. The pork was ok but it's fatty and swimming in so much liquid and fat... Nothing like the pictures. And the green beans would have been great if they weren't solo soft. I have teeth, I can chew my food. For $40 I will never return, the local Chinese restaurant has before cuisine than this place.
Great Sichuan Chinese food with a bit of a twist. A friend and myself stumbled upon the "Soft Opening" of the Williamsburg location after turning down a 20 minute wait from a neighboring restaurant which I was glad we did. Food flavors were excellent and satisfying.
BYOB, amazing food and great atmosphere. What more could you ask for?!? Will definitely be coming back on our next NYC visit :)
Nice Szechuan spot in Brooklyn. The cumin lamb was nice and numbing. The snow pea shot with garlic a lovely contrast. Solid Dan Dan Noodles. Those are classics so I started with that. I am excited to try some of the long list of cold apps. No vegan entrees at the moment which is a miss (give the people a tofu family style for god sakes) but robust options from the sides and apps. You can build an interesting vegan meal in small plates. Speaking of size. The dishes are a bit small for the price and you are paying a Brooklyn premium. Tip is included though. I would normally take have of this kind of order home from a normal Chinese size dish but I easily finished it all. I love the host gal. She is a hype machine constantly planking the room. I bet finding the balance with that could be rough but in general she is a contagious and welcoming MC. Currently BYOB.
I've been to Birds of a Feather twice since they opened and both times the food was incredible. The tea smoked duck is by far the best duck I've had, the cumin lamb is also very good. I'm not sure you can really gone wrong with any of their dishes, each had a unique and delicious flavor. The only thing that fell short were the soup dumplings. A few other things to note: it's a no tipping restaurant, which is great but some how confuses the service, we were never sure who our server was, nevertheless everyone was friendly! Lastly, they don't have their liquor license yet which is unfortunate but we were told they would have it soon.
My friend and I dined in yesterday evening and enjoyed the food. But the main reason I am writing this review is because of the great service I received from the busser. (At least, I think he was the busser?) He was the one refilling water, cleaned up our table and kindly offered to pack up our leftovers. He was not the one who seated us and brought our food. After my friend and I left, we had probably walked more than halfway down the block when the busser ran up to catch up with us and handover my friend's earpiece that she had left behind. At the time we were leaving, the restaurant was pretty busy and I'm sure it would have been much more convenient​ for him to not run after us. We were so surprised and thanked him and he promptly ran back to work.  As this is a non-tipping establishment, I was very impressed with how kind and considerate the service was. I hope management recognizes this guy's hard work as he went above and beyond. The other servers/hosts/food runners were ok. As for the food, our favorites were the spicy fish fillet and spicy soft tofu. I am really looking forward to coming back and trying more!
The service is absolutely terrible. From the start, we were hesitant because the waiter did not write any of our orders down. After he took our order, he avoided eye contact with us for the rest of the meal and then completely disappeared at the end. He seemed to be very attentive with everyone else.As we'd suspected, we waited and waited, but he forgot one of our dishes. When we asked the manager about it, a different waiter brought out the wrong dish. They took it back, and we didn't see him again for a while. We were nearly done with the rest of our meal. At the end of the meal, the entire staff seemed to be avoiding us, even the manager. We were even waving at waiters as they walked by, but they ignored us until we finally had to shout at someone to get our check. This place is also no-tip, which usually seems great, but it seems it just gives 0 incentive for this waiter to do anything. The food wasn't bad, but for the price and the awful service, it'd be better to go into Manhattan for Szechuan.
This place was packed at 9:10 when we came. I was given a 30 min estimated wait time but we were seated within 15min! The waiter was nice to let us charge our dead phones. We ordered pork dumplings (8) in chili oil and were informed they were small. They are pretty small (bite sized) for $8 but that was expected. We also had the changqing chicken ($19) and the cumin lamb ($22). They were DELICIOUSSSSSSS. However, we were disappointed with the portion size and proportions. For the price, we expected bigger dishes. There was so much chili peppers in our dish (a good thing) that there seemed to be so little meat. The pieces of meat were smaller than the cut up chili, which is unfortunate for the texture and experience. Don't get me wrong; they tasted great! Ended the night with complimentary pieces of mint gum, which was nice!
Really good new addition to the neighborhood. Fun, creative good tasting dishes. I was a huge fan of the whole fish and their eggplant dish. I will definitely be back soon to try more items on the menu. Welcome to Williamsburg, Birds of a Feather.
Food was excellent.  Service was terrible.   Inexperienced, rude and forgetful staff. Had to ask hostess for a sever. Had to ask another person running around for water (as we were being ignored by our "server")We ordered sodas which they forgot and we had to ask a third person for them. Food initially came out quickly, dan dan noodles and 1000 year egg/tofu rolls. Then we waited about 45 minutes for soup buns and cumin lamb.  During that period someone bussed our table and took our plates and sticks.  Finally I got the attention of our server and he said the reason the food hadn't come was because two more plates wouldn't fit on the table.  Cmon bro...you forgot right? Finally the rest of the food came and we had to ask for more sticks and plates.  Avoid this place unless you like waiting ages for your food and a lying waitstaff. Literally the worst service I've experience in NYC
Went in today after my movie was sold out and I was hungry... and had a great experience.  Food was tasty and just spicy enough. I would definitely go back and the tip is included in the price. I wish more restaurants would do that because it makes everything so simple.  Only thing was the eggplant medallions were a little too oily.
4.5 stars- Delicious!!! Sure it is pricey but service was good, tip was included and food was fresh, spicy and on point. I will absolutely go back. Looking forward to when they get a liquor license. I appreciate they take reservations.
Not for nothing. This is not a place for palette tistas .. if you are a major foodie . Please save your gas and money . We went on a Monday night , mind you it was busy and plus service sucked. We sat for almost 20 mins before anyone acknowledged us, this is after we called a waiter to our table SMH!!!!...  We had the sweet and sour ribs (ehhhhh)...the tea duck ( unflavored fatty pieces) and shredded beef in chili sauce (shame on u guys!!!!).... if i would rate this place 3 out of 10.. first and last visit.. thanks but no thanks
3.5 stars! A big fan of Cafe China, I was pretty excited that the management opened up in Williamsburg, closer to home! The ambience is refreshing and simple, great setting. The menu looked pretty identical to the Cafe China menu. We got the Dan Dan noodles and pork dumplings. I couldn't help but compare it to CC - while it was okay, it just wasn't anywhere as good as Cafe China. I think there were one too many peppercorns in both the dishes which left a weird after taste. We got the Braised whole fish in chili sauce. This was really good! The fish was meaty and well cooked, the chili sauce went very well. It is on the pricier side but quite a bit to eat and well worth it! Can be shared by 3. All in all, I will definitely come back here again and explore the menu more.
Decent Sichuan dishes overall. Communual tables were good for sharing and conversations. Service was on par. A Chinese gem in Williamsburg!
So happy there is finally  a great Chinese restaurant in Williamsburg! This place will be seeing a lot of me
I didn't know that nearly everything on the menu was labeled as "spicy", on a scale of one red pepper to three. I'm not very tolerant of spicy foods, but gave a one pepper dish (shredded beef) a try and loved it. My girlfriend did the same (Kung pao chicken) despite her loving anything spicy. The plates were very large portions so we shared and also got the dim sum steamed chicken dumplings. Maybe I was just very hungry, but they were the best dumplings I'd ever had. I had enough food for that night and leftovers for the next day, and the day after. Also, they don't allow tipping, which was nice to not have to think about at the end of our meal.
Went for dinner on a random Thu night and was not disappointed. I felt like I was eating from my grandma's kitchen. There definitely are some dishes better than others, but the Sweet & Sour Ribs and the Szechuan noodles are not to be missed. Will definitely be coming back/ordering take out again.Oh, also, finally a real Chinese restaurant in the Burg.
i had low expectations for the food but i was very happy with everything we ordered! the space is beautiful, and the prices were lower than expected, even before factoring in the no tip model.the only caveats were the disjointed service and slow kitchen. most of the servers made anything we asked for seem like a hassle/had a visibly don't give a fuck attitude (which i guess is the service i'm used to in china, but feels fucking terrible getting it in this kind of setting). we had empty bowls and plates collecting on our table throughout the entire meal while servers swerved out of their way to not clear them. when we asked people to clear our plates they would take only one dish away. when we asked them for new share plates they left our old ones on the table, covered in chili oil. there were long pauses between our ordered items which was confusing because it wasn't clear that our meal was supposed to be coursed or not. tables around us that were lucky enough to be cleared between courses had to ask repeatedly for new plates.towards the end of our meal we actually realized we had clearly underordered. wish our original server had suggested adding some vegetables or another stir fry but i guess when sales are not incentivized that doesn't happen so much? trying to flag someone down to add things on was a pain in the ass as well.my biggest gripe was when they decided we were done (even though i was clearly chewing), someone grabbed one of our entrees while i was taking food from it with my chopsticks, and then took my rice bowl out of my hand while i was eating from it. what the fuck dude?the food is great and i'll definitely be back-it's either this or king's co imperial for sichuan around williamsburg and there's no way in hell i'm going to that racist fucking mess. the FOH team definitely needs a retraining though-luckily, most of the issues i had with this place are easy fixes. i can't imagine this spot gaining a michelin star at the current rate.also the bathroom sink hot/cold handles are on the wrong sides so i burned the shit out of myself lol
Came here for lunch when they were first open and recently ordered take out from them. Have yet to have dinner at the restaurant though. Lunch was basically self serve...cafeteria style. You order your food and pay up at the counter and then when the food is ready, you pick it up and bring to your table to eat. The restaurant is a good space with spacious high ceilings so you don't feel cramped at all. There is a communal table in the middle but they're ate smaller four seaters on the sides. We ordered the spicy fish and some dumplings. Taste was good and had some good mind numbing heat the it. Price point wise they are on the pricier side but for good sichuan, it's acceptable. Price also includes tip so I guess that's ok. However, for lunch since it's self serve, I think it should be adjusted since it's basically McDonald's style. For lunch since it's self serve, and the prices already include tip, prices for lunch should either include a soft drink or some kind of juice drink to cool down your mind numbing mouth. When we ordered take out, we had the mapo tofu, spicy fish, the buns, and a spicy tendon. All were super flavorful. The real test is when I go there for dinner!
I was a bit skeptical if Birds of a Feather would be good because it seemed that the restaurant was catering to the hip population in Brooklyn. But the food really took my breath away. It was as good as my favorite a home in the wall place in the basement of Flushing plaza. Dan Dan noodle and sesame cold noodle were both authentic and delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and very comfortable. I was also surprised to hear Bach's Goldberg variation playing in the background while I enjoyed the noodle and spicy tofu. It certainly will be my go to place to get my Chinese food fix in Brooklyn.
Super good food. The atmosphere is a little crazy, sort of loud, but the food was worth it all. Can't wait to go back and so so happy we have good Sichuan in the neighborhood. Now if only they would deliver to greenpoint :)
I hate to give this place such a glowing review, only because it's SO dang good and I want to keep it secret... They opened only a few months ago and I think my boyfriend and I have already been 8 times.  We went two nights in a row a few weeks ago.  Best Szechuan food in the city.  Try the pork dumplings in chili oil.... Soooo gooooodddddd.  Probably going to have to order delivery after writing this review, despite the fact that I ate there 2 nights ago.  Clearly, I have a problem... Oh!  and they do get full sometimes, so if you can, make a reservation. Enjoy! :)
I've been here three times, and the food is genuinely delicious. Like others, I am happy that a legitimate Chinese restaurant has opened in this neighborhood.The service my first two visits was great, but tonight was downright horrendous. Our party of two walked in and the hostess took us to the communal table. I asked if we could sit next to each other, as we had during our past visit. There were two open seats on each side, so this shouldn't be a problem. The table is about 3-3.5 feet wide, presumably to accommodate the sharing of many dishes. This makes sense for parties of 3-4, but it lacks compromises the intimacy of dining for two, especially in such a noisy restaurant. The hostess rolled her eyes and bad-mouthed us to her colleagues in plain sight. Then, when I explained to the waiter that this was unacceptable, he tried to make excuses for her instead of trying to understand how ridiculous it is to compromise our experience for two other potential, future customers. He said he would have to move us if the restaurant got busier. We walked out.As a restaurant designer, I understand that the point of the communal table is to seat as many people as possible and to promote a different kind of social interaction--here, symbolic of Chinese culture. But Chinese culture is also about intimacy, and guests are traditionally seated in the round with couples next to each other. I'm sad I have to give this place a bad review, as the food is genuinely worth the visit. I hope they try to improve before their official opening.
New favorite neighborhood restaurant! I've been here 4-5 times already and each time has been wonderful. The atmosphere is lovely, the waiters are nice and the food is incredible--true Szechuan flavors. I often dream of the Dan Dan noodles and wish to bathe in the snow pea shoots. The mapo tofu is also en pointe. Highly recommend!
Good Chinese restaurant, with a wide variety of Chinese cuisines and a pretty big selection of Szechuan dishes.  Nice decor and excellent service.           I'd say my favorite dish was the whole steamed fish and the chicken dumplings, while the dan dan noodles were a little disappointing.  Overall it's good, fresh and inviting and I'll be back.
Liked it a lot. The place is very nice and servers were very friendly. The food was pretty authentic Sichuan dishes and tasted very good as well. Will come back again.
Authentic Sichuan cuisine that is a must try in Williamsburg. Better than it equal to the Sichuan food in Queens. The flavors are spot on and the ambience is conducive for dating to business meetings. The chef has the right balance of numbing fires and spiciness. One is not over powering the other. I should say this: you taste the flavors of the food before going numb in the lips. Five star cooking and even better service. Tip included in price of food.
Well one thing that Han Dynasty has is they would NEVER serve farmed fish like Tilapia!They serve only WILD fish like flounder and that is a huge reason to go there. No one wants farmed fish when you can have a local wild flounder....
Ambience of this place is very wonderful and unique - vintage furniture with sterile white walls and small modern details.The menu seems suitable for most dietary needs - vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian, etc.  I ordered the green bean salad and purple rice - kept it simple since I am kind of a health nut and I'm also vegan.  It was great - the vegetables tasted fresh and crisp, not frozen. The service was spot on - very attentive, served water quickly and continuously, and was asked how our food was, which I always appreciate.Keep in mind that this is a tip-free restaurant and that the gratuity is reflected in their menu pricing, which is decent and fair.  You won't break the bank going to this place.I certainly see myself coming back again to try out some vegetable dim sum!
So happy finally there's an authentic Chinese restaurant in Williamsburg!  No longer Chinese delivery food or Americanized Chinese food but legit Szechuan cuisine in a beautifully renovated place with vintage Chinese feature.  We've been here for lunch and dinner.  I highly recommend dan dan noodles and spicy fish!  The pan fried pork bun was just ok.  The steam crab pork buns are at standard.  Will try more dishes next time!
If you want that bright, spicy, numb mouth feel, this is it. Best mapo tofu I've had in the city! Get the eggplant dish -- it served in a delicious and surprising way!
The setting is very warm and welcoming, but the service could use some improvement. Totally understand that this is a soft opening but removing plates from the table when everyone at the table isn't done eating or forgetting items that were asked for was also troubling. It's amazing to see TRUE Szechuan food in Williamsburg, and certainly there's no better Chinese food experience than the spicy, numbing effect Szechuan peppercorns have -- the food here is legit just hoping the service catches up.UPDATE 06/25/17A few items have been added to the menu since the soft opening which is a plus! If you're looking for THE REAL DEAL Sichuan peppercorn taste (and mild numbing), this is the ONLY place to order from. The mapo tofu and the king pao chicken are a delight.If you're not into onions, you should pass on the fried rice. If you like onions, then definitely go for the fried rice!
Had a "Library Lunch" as they call it.  Friend and I shared 5 different items, all of them absolutely delicious.  Staff was friendly and prompt.  Decor is quite pleasant and feels nicely spacious.  Only downside: the music was ill-chosen -- unimaginative pop music that was too energetic and loud.  (I hope the owners see this and realize how sad it would be to distract from all their good choices with this one noticeable bad one.)  But that's easily changeable! I highly recommend this place.
This is no longer BYOB!! We went into the restaurant expecting it to be after being told it was and looking at other reviews. Apparently they're working on getting their liquor license and cannot be BYOB while doing that.  Call ahead the night of to see what the deal is so you're not hauling around beers and such. Other than that, we were very hydrated throughout the night.  Food was decent, came out quick, and, more importantly, was inexpensive. Nothing too great about this place.
I enjoyed tremendously the meticulously prepared Sichuan food in this warm and elegant Chinese restaurant.The wontons are the best I had in New York. I have tried wontons in many restaurants and Birds of a Feather made the most yummy ones. They came without broth, and had some dry spices on top, the skin had the perfect thickness and texture, and the filling was absolutely tasty.I also love the entrée eggplant. When the dish was brought to the table, I couldn't tell what it was because I never saw eggplant cooked and presented that way. It looked like a big roll, and it was very soft inside and softly crunchy outside. The amazing sauce over it was perfectly salty and maybe with a hint of sweet.The Okra and Dan Dan noodles were very impressive too. The restaurant itself looks very beautiful, spacious and cozy. The lamps above the creamy-colored communal table are stylish and allowed me to study the amazing food closely.I look forward to returning to the restaurant for the wontons, eggplant and other amazing dishes again!
Had a great lunch. Kung Pao chicken, Vegetable dumplings, good rice and a cold beer. Life doesn't get much better. Great service with a smile. Thank you Birds of a Feather
best Szechuan restaurant in New York! Highly highly recommend the three pepper chicken
I don't think this place is ready to open until they have their servers trained, workflow fixed, and construction finished. Guess you are right, birds of different feathers don't stick together. I will not be back.In response to the comment below:1. No idea what to do after entering the restaurant, wasn't greeted, and no instructions on ordering etc.2. Today, Just a few hours ago. Ladder was still up.
Good, but not great food. Weak service. The positive of the food is that it actually capture Szechuan flavors well. Numbing peppercorns, plenty of chili oil, and chopped up peppers are to be found (read: not an overly Americanized Szechuan place). The downside is that the food isn't as good as other alternatives. Han Dynasty is hands down better, and so is Cafe China (who are the same people who run this new place). The more modern application doesn't advance the food... instead it takes away from what makes the traditional stuff so good. The service seems pretty bad. The water boy spilled all over the table. Our waiter wasn't friendly, and just pushy to try and get orders and run away. We wouldn't have dared ask him a question - he made it pretty clear his time needs are more important than service. Then it took over 30 mins to get appetizers, which only came because we checked in. It was pretty clear they forgot about them. And then as the meal progressed, no one really attended to us. Tipping is not allowed and built into the prices, so maybe that's a reason why service here stinks. I expect that concept at high bar restaurants where the service can be assumed to be immaculate... but this place is a ways off.
I don't know why this place got so popular, the food is not good and the portions are so small, not filling at all. The food comes really slow and you have to wait for long time.
Was in the neighborhood with a friend after attending Smorgasburg, but I was not willing to wait in line and was therefore starving. I came across this restaraunt on Yelp and decided to check it out. Asked the host if we were able to sit at the bar and was escorted and seated promptly as it was our first time there we asked the server (Grace?) for some recommendations. Right away she asked for our preferences to determine what our tastes were, so that she could best help us. We decided to go with her recommendations and was not disappointed. The food was fantastic! Food came out not too long after we ordered. Started off with some fried rice with the other entrees trailing not that far behind: spicy wontons, braised fish and my personal favorite: fried eggplants (definitely should try)The service was wonderful, she made sure to check up on us. This establishment does not accept tip, but she still went above and beyond. The other workers were very friendly and welcoming. The inside was very pleasing to look at as well.The only downside is that they are still working on their liquor license, so they do not at the time of this review serve alcohol. I would recommend drinking before coming.However, overall my experience here was wonderful and I would definitely recommend it to my friends. If I am ever in the area, I would come back to try the other dishes.
I had really high expectations for this place and was quite disappointed. The portions were so small and we left feeling very unsatisfied. We started out on a high note with the crab dumplings, which were decent. Then the dan dan noodles which were pretty good. However, the tea duck was a huge disappointment. We had 3 people and the plate only came with 2 buns. There weren't any toppings and sauce, which is what I am used to when ordering duck and buns. The fried eggplant was good. But when we went to order rice to eat with it and more food (because we were still hungry), they never put in the order. We asked about it later and the order was not placed so we just said forget it and got the check. We had to go to Martha's around the corner for dessert to fill up.
Service was good, atmosphere was nice, menu has an excellent tasty selection. Large Communal tables make hearing your dinner guest difficult. Ordered ma po tofu not spicy but extremely salty, also shredded beef with asian chili, which was extremely salty. I would like to try other items but I don't want to die of stroke at their table.
Excellent service, excellent food. Laid back vibe. An extensive menu. The waitress gave us recommendations by price bracket (versus just the most expensive) and the meal was really affordable. Tip is also included in the overall cost. I particularly loved the Dandan noodles and the whole fish.
What a gem!  Stumbled upon this restaurant when we were in need of a place that would accept a last minute reservation for a big group.  So pleasantly surprised with the ambiance, food and service.  Kung pao chicken, soup buns and bang bang chicken were delicious.
The food and service were absolutely fantastic! They don't have their liquor license yet, so bring your own alcohol.  Also there is no tipping.
Service is terrible.  3 out of the five dishes we ordered had some strong taste of what I think was cardamon seed, it didn't taste good and didn't seem intentional.  The food was rushed out all at once.  The food in general just mediocre.  Why do people like this place?  I wouldn't go back.  Was so hoping for good Chinese food in the neighborhood.
Food here is so good and tastes v authentic. Def a lot more expensive than what you'd get in Chinatown, but it's one of very few legit Chinese places in Williamsburg. Make a reservation if you can!
Really nice wait staff - courteous and friendly -- but a little scattered and forgetful (it was a busy day and I can understand). They forgot to bring us our bowl of white rice until halfway through the meal, but then they gave us two instead after we asked for the rice. Food was a little too oily and salty for my taste (even the snow pea shoots with garlic...when we finished the plate, there was still a layer of oil on the bottom). I'm Asian and I probably wouldn't come back (I'm not a huge fan of Szechuan food), but my Caucasian friend loves Szechuan food and he said he would definitely come back. Everyone else loves the food so take my review with a grain of salt. I'm just not a fan of things that are too salty or oily and I'm a hard grader of Asian food since I'm Asian myself.
I would give this restaurant 3.5 stars. Here are my thoughts on the food we ordered:Husband and Wife Special- tingling/numbing spicy. Sliced beef and tripe has a nice texture; it is coated with chili oil and peanut sauce. Although it is not an out of the ordinary dish, I would order it again.Bang Bang Chicken- shredded chicken in peanut sauce. This was a surprising dish for me as I didnt expect the texture of the chicken to be so tender. It is a room temperature, slightly cool, dish so it was good to have after the beef and tripe. It is not spicier than the Husband and Wife Special even though it's three peppers on their menu.Radish Puffs- four flaky puff pastry mini bites. Just imagine mashed turnip cake  wrapped in a puff pastry skin.Spicy Cumin Lamb- as the name says, it has  a strong cumin flavor. It is not that spicy and does not have a strong lamb taste (which is what I prefer). Decent but not outstanding.Eggplant Accordions- perfect crisp eggplant is a sweet and spicy sauce. This was star of the meal and I was quite surprised by it. It is perfectly fried with a light coating. The slicing of the eggplant reminds me of potato/potato chips on stick.  I highly recommend this dish.Braised Pork Belly on Silken Tofu- this was the downhill of meal because it was so salty! The sauce has pickled mustard greens which is salty on it's own. You need to adjust the amount of salt/sauces/spiced added. There is silken tofu on the bottom but it doesn't help balance it. The pork belly could have been more tender.Water- I saw that another person talked about this too. I usually drink tap water in restaurants and it is fine however there is something definitely wrong with the tap water here. It has a strong metal/chemically taste. I tried to drink it a few times but can't stand it. I ordered a soda at the end (they have limited drink options). I would come back to try other dishes but definitely bringing my own water
The place is very nice and cosy, the food was excellent and the price fair. No tipping is a plus! Service was also good and the restaurant is in a nice area.
The green tea mochi is the greatest thing on the menu! Followed by the shredded duck fried rice. Yum! Will return. Wish there were more entree that weren't spicy on the menu. Service was 12/10. So attentive & polite
First off great ambiance to the restaurant, it's bright  vibrant while still cozy. Our server Steven was A1 and the food was amazing. The beef for 2 was out of this world but the pork chive dumplings were a standout. Everything thing here was top notch! I'll be back for sure.
Terrific new Szechuan restaurant in Williamsburg. The food was excellent, and the space has been beautifully designed. My favorite dishes were the tea smoked duck and the eggplant appetizer.
Very authentic, very spicy. Excellent Szechuan spice in the cold noodles and Husband & Wife special, leaves your mouth tingling!
spicy beef was too over cooked and taste plain. the beef strips needed to be better pick, staff was welcoming, environment was good.work on the food please.
So great to have such an authentic spot in the heart of Williamsburg! Only went to the soft open, will be excited to go back after they are more established. Wait staff was excellent, hope they stay busy and keep everyone on!
Four visits and tried most of the menu.  Food was really good and a nice addition to the neighborhood.  Well priced, friendly servers, and BYOB.  Wait, actually it's suddenly no longer BYOB.  And for nouveau regulars like us who showed up with a bottle of wine, we learned that we could neither drink the wine that we brought, nor could the restaurant serve any wine / liquor of their own.  This is some weird purgatory where you can't drink at all - which is made worse because if you've been here before as a BYOB, it's as if a privilege has been taken away.  There is a strange explanation -- that there were "complaints" about the restaurant being BYOB -- have you ever heard of these types of "complaints" before?  Would be better if there was more upfront information about this, and more honesty about the situation.  Three visits that were four to five stars, but one visit that was one to two stars.
Staff is friendly, there is alot of space inside, and the food is pretty good.  It can get pretty spicy though so if you don't like eating outside your comfort boundary this is not going to be a restaurant for you.
The most delicious Szechuan food in the city, and the service was excellent. We've been 3 times in 2 weeks and will be back soon!
Great place with nice ambience. Definitely make reservations waits can be long at times here. Great tapas style menu here. Good didn't take too long, nice friendly staff. It's a BYOB place which is nice. The food is delicious and tasty. Can't go wrong with anything you order.
Love this place! This is exactly what we needed in the neighborhood. Williamsburg is full of great restaurants, but not necessarily great Chinese. The food was delicious and not at all greasy, which is a common problem at more traditional Chinese establishments. Though we only had two dim sum, I'm so happy to see that they offer so many dim sum options. I would definitely order the crab soup buns again and try others. The dan dan noodles were hot instead of cold, but a welcome change since they did not disappoint. The duck fried rice met my expectations and the spicy cumin lamb was perfection. I just wish they delivered to East Williamsburg! Or perhaps I'm better off having to make the effort to get there myself.
The foods are really epic and good!! I would say they have the "real" Chinese food in Williamsburg!!
May 12, 2017 6:50 pm, me and my friend got into the place, their service is terrible, especially there was one female staff, terrible attitude and rude. At the beginning, there were total 8 people (including me and my friend) standing and wait for that waitress to respond, but that waitress kept focusing in the iPad or whatever electronic device and seemed like checking something. I understand that she might be using a new system, BUT, 8 customers standing there and she didn't respond, that's a little bit not nice. The second thing is, two customers left before that waitress responded to us. Then she did NOT apologize. She was just being cold and made us feel unfriendly. Then she settled those 4 customers, and then turned to me and my friend, brought us to the table and required us to sit face to face, meaning, we couldn't sit together by one side. Too much too much overwhelming uncomfortableness happened at the same time while I kept my eye on this waitress. No friendly face or tone, her attitude and the "requirement" already made me lost all interest in staying that environment. I felt extremely uncomfortable and then we left. A place without standard customer service not worth me for spending time & money. There're tons of better places out there in Williamsburg. At the end, I just said a "thank you very much" and left. Not consider to visit again.
Tried again and while it still wasn't as good as Cafe China, it was a marked improvement over my last order. Sweet and Sour ribs were great. Chunking chicken was ok. Missing some salt and ginger, but overall the flavor was there.
While grossly overpriced, the spearmint gum that's offered with the check isn't actually bad.
Really great Szechuan...only been once but pretty certain (if the cooking quality continues) it'll end up my favorite in NYC.  All the dishes we tried were standard fare, but what stood out was the freshness and subtlety of spicing.  Instead of the usual heat assault, the peppers and peppercorns blossomed in waves over the tongue in a way that enhanced the favors instead of annihilating them. There was more explicit flavor and texture contrasts than usual for New York Chinese restaurants...a cold wood mushroom appetizer was so simple but perfect with vinegar-brined shrooms topped with  sprinkles of fresh Chinese celery, pickled Szechuan peppercorns, and a splash of hot sesame oil. I can't stop thinking about the chicken with three peppers...so delicious and not a drop of excess oil or "goop" clinging to the meat, yet nothing dry or bare about it either. The only miss was their potsticker where I found the shell too doughy and meat filling too sweet.  Prices are typical good Chinese restaurant, but the no tipping policy turns this into a "best bargain" destination.
