Straight-up authentic Indian fare. Got in on a late flight and was happy to see that they were close by and open late! Great food and a friendly service.
Chicken tikka does not include rice FYI! Not like other Indian places. The rice pudding is more of a purée
got Mealpass lunch here today - it was lamb curry with rice, chickpeas, and tomato/lettuce on the side. WOW the lamb curry and chickpeas sauce is so good and filling - lightly spicy and not gamey at all (regarding the lamb meat). The meal is very dense and I didn't even finish the entire portion, actually saved some leftovers for tomorrow. super worth it esp if you do Mealpass!
Had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb curry that they offer through mealpal and they are both amazing. Definitely one of my favorite indian places in the city.
Simple and quick that's how we like it. First time I visited this eatery was on the recommendation of my good friend. We went for a late night bite. That time we shared (2 orders) of yellow dal with naan. So tasty I was hooked. Each order comes with a little side salad which is always nice. We also split a Mango Lassi, tasty yet sweet. Water is readily available in pitchers. Second visit today I had some chicken. Now they have a menu up on the board but that's not what's always available. Gotta go in and see what's cooked and ready. Today I got the green chicken. My friend got the chicken masala. I asked if the green chicken was spicy, the lady behind the counter said no. Well its a little spicy, a Lil bit. Very tasty and enjoyable. With the chicken my friend got okra and I got chana dal (chick peas). My friend thought he was funny and bought two chicken samosas for us.  As much as I love those too much food went in my belly. Tip: stick to the meat and veg no apps needed. Also its counter service don't expect a whole lot of attention order your food and eat it. The food is halal which should be a good thing for us organic hormone free folks, maybe kosher too, not sure. I shall return. You will too.
I really wanted to like this place... food looks tasty and low key atmosphere etc. Unfortunately the dish I got was SO greasy it made me nauseated almost immediately. Got it through meal pass and also sort of a waste of a meal pass anyway. Also, they only have 1 kofta... etc.
Delicious, delicious food. This is the real deal if you're looking for Indian and Bengali food in NYC. Service was great, and the price was amazingly low. Would highly recommend!
I'm a loyal customer and have been for about a year. I got my food to go for lunch (chicken tikka masala) and they gave me literally 2 pieces of chicken and LOTS of rice. I did not pay for just rice, I was extremely disappointed. The man who served my food was extremely rude to me. I want to like and keep supporting this place, but with service like that, I'm not sure if I can go back.
Good spot. 1) The food is cheap. 2) One of the few Indian spots that have beef dishes. 3) I like the metal tray, reminds me of college food in India.
Really disappointed. Have been going there for a while but the last week they served me stale chicken curry. It smelled slightly stale as well and as a result, I had an upset stomach. I don't think I'll ever go again. I thought theirs was one of those few restaurants where you get the real taste of deshi food but their standard went down a lot.
This is by far the best Indian food I've ever had and I've been a fan of Indian for years. I've even started cooking it at home. The price is more than far and the food is fabulous. The restaurant itself is bare bones (not a place for a fancy date or business dinner) but for a quick stop between things this place is on point. The staff is very friendly! If you are looking for great food within budget on the go- you should absolutely go here. No regrets!
This is a really good place to get some cheap indian food. The service is fast and convenient. The Naan and roti is freshly made. Nice place to grab a filling meal.I really like their goat pulao (only made Monday and Friday) it's really good rice. And their paratha is really good too. This place has never dissapointed me. I will never stop going here.
Love this place! No nonsense, cheap, tasty authentic Indo-Pak food. Plenty of both vegetarian and other options. New York needs more places like this, IMHO. My favorite: aloo saag.
Amazing $1 Chai! And the food is delicious too. Not too spicy, love the fish curry! Definitely stopping by again.
Unassuming looking place, great food.
Bad Indian food. Their samosas are half cooked. Could give you a stomach ache if you eat that. Avoid!!
Fresh home-cooked Indian food! While the decor is cafeteria style/low key- the food is delicious and at exceptional value! I love getting the paratha for breakfast (comes with tea too) and trying the different options  for lunch - chicken curry, lamb curry, tikka Marsala, chickpea, spinach...so yummy! I work around the corner and this is my go-to lunch place! Sometimes, I bring food home for dinner - as it is easy to heat up and much more affordable than eating out.  If you like Indian food, Try it and you will be a fan as well! Ps- the owner and the staff are very friendly and can steer you to the right dishes if you have any questions.
One of the better deals in Manhattan. You can get a full course chicken curry deal for USD 7. On top of that,  you can tell this is a family run business by the way the owners kindly treated each guests, including myself. Given that this is near my office, I'll definitely be back!
The staff are friendly, the food is reasonably priced and it is consistently good. I have been eating lunch here at least once a week for more than 5 years. I much prefer it to the fancy new types of Indian places like Inday and Indiekitch.
I rarely leave reviews but my food was so bad that I'm writing this. I ordered the chicken curry, which said "boneless" on the menu, but it was NOT boneless. Instead, it was an oily, bony lump of chewy chicken. The naan also arrived cold - probably because the delivery guy got lost and had to call me for directions. I will never order from this restaurant again.
I was really rooting for this place because I actually thought that the food was not bad. I have definitely tasted worse. I was close to giving this place a decent rating until I went yesterday, and got swindled out of a $1.00. But, getting swindled out of $1.00 is the least important part, but how I got swindled was the most upsetting about the incident.I have spin class every Friday night near Madison Square Park, and I have a friend who, knowing that I love Chicken Tikka Masala, referred me to Chandni Food since it was close to my gym. This is a hole-in-the-wall Indian take-out joint, and the food itself doesn't look quite appetizing in the display case. However, I can attest that the food didn't upset my stomach, and did not taste horrible. Their samosas are also decent and only cost $1. I had gone the first time, and I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala and a Samosa for $8.00. I had gone a second time the following Friday after my spin class and ordered the same Chicken Tikka Masala and a Samosa for a total of $8.00. Two weeks after that, I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala and this time I ordered 2 Samosas, and had charged me $9.00. I swear to God that I heard $9.00. I pulled out a $10.00 bill. I stood there waiting for my $1.00 change, and he informed me that it was actually $10.00. I told him that I heard him say $9.00, and also that I am usually charged $8.00 with 1 Samosa. So, with an additional Samosa should only cost another dollar for a total of $9.00. Him has his friend stood on the other side of the counter, and tried to make me believe that I was wrong telling me that I didn't know how to add correctly. I tried to look over the menu board for the actual price, but there actually isn't a price for the Chicken Tikka Masala. It just didn't make sense to me, and I felt like I was being bullied at one point. It wasn't that I was angry about the $1.00, but the principle of the matter. My main complaint is that the prices are so inconsistent, and I would like to know how much I'm paying for an item before purchasing it. I've even referred my other friends to this place, which is the worst part. I give this place a straight "F" for customer satisfaction. After that horrible experience,  it doesn't matter how the food tastes. I had an awful experience, felt unwelcome, felt bullied, and I'm never coming back here again.
Authentic food, and an amazing deal! Two people, well, two girls, could eat one lunch special!Good vegetarian and vegan food!!Low key place makes it easy for single people eating alone. It could be spicer for the Indian foodies. That's my only suggestion!p.s. Everyone keeps talking about brown rice.It's not brown rice;) It's white or Basmati rice that is cooked with sautéed onions and peas. This tip is for health conscious eaters who need to eat brown rice for health reasons.
My friend and I happened upon this place while walking down Broadway and we spotted a sandwich board out front and decided to give it a go.  Glad we did!  The food was absolutely amazing.  I went with the lamb and chicken and we split an order of naan.  It was wonderfully spiced and hot but not ridiculously so.  The guys behind the counter were very friendly and helpful. And of course it was ridiculously inexpensive.  Only points off would be for the plastic utensils but still, that's just a minor matter.  I am definitely going back.
We ordered the combo meal. Food was not fresh, they gave us old food. Our whole family suffered food poisoning the next day. Worst food we were very disappointed..
To start with, I didn't know whether to come in here or go to the one right next door to it, which looks like it serves pretty much the exact same food, except the other one says Pakistani/Middle Eastern/Indian, I believe, and Chandni says Pakistani and Bangladeshi. They're both Halal, though that doesn't mean anything for me, so choosing one was a challenge. But at least I know where to go for something to eat before I head to the Little Church Around the Corner for a rehearsal or concert again! It had been a while since I had Indian-ish food, so I am glad I came in and the food was good. Only thing was, I believe I has asked for an appetizer (smaller) portion since I was in a rush, but was charged 9 dollars (still really not bad) for the chicken masala with white rice, and a coke. I was expecting it to be a little less, but I am glad it wasn't more. Still reasonable, though I don't remember seeing exact prices, as one reviewer here has made mention of. I'd come back again, and staff were friendly. I am also glad a lot of the South Asian folk come in here too. They just need to be clearer about their prices.
Ambiance is ok, not great. Food is delicious and cheap. Must visit place for people who are looking for traditional Indian food. This place serves best tea in NYC.
I came upon this place after I went hunting for another Indian Restaurant in midtown after I was disappointed at the customer service I received in Minar a few days before.I got the vegetable platter and naan. I had the potatoes & eggplant and the channa. It was perfectly spiced and a great portion.The only thing that was disappointing was that HUGE samosa. It was only a dollar but the potato inside was slick from it being under cooked. I'm used to the potato in my samosa being mashed, not sliced. It had great flavor but it was also a bit too oily for me.Overall I will definitely be going back. And it was very inexpensive!
I did a corporate lunch catered by Chandni and they were fantastic.  It was a big hit and we will definitely use them again.  They were so nice and accommodating and wonderful.Definitely recommend.
Little eatery nestled right off broadway caters to your middle eastern palate (Indian & Pakistani) Menu is highly confusing, cluttered with signs on printer paper and unknown vocabulary, you're best off ordering the hot food in the platters in front of you. Everything tastes hot and fresh. Great place to experiment the cuisine!
First of all - if you find yourself in front of the restaurant and don't see it - look up! As of March 2013 they are up on the 2nd floor (above the Mosque).Yes, there's plenty of indian/pakistani places in this area but while I haven't tried them all, I doubt you will find a cheaper place than this.And for the price you would probably expect some cheap ingredients and tasteless food served in sample-sized portions - NO WAY. The food is rock solid - you could easily serve this in a 5 star restaurant and no one would tell where it's coming from. It's that good! The portions are big and you will get great service.
This place definitely gets a five star for what it is. Fast, cheap, delicious indian food, and good portion. I can't speak to their dinner, but 6.99 lunch special for two entrees, naan or rice, and a little green salad-- sold! We didn't take a before photo, but we did post an after--cleaned our plates. Also I would like to point out that this place is not trying to be something it isn't and I appreciate it. You roll in, get your food, share your table, and roll out. Everyone was very friendly while we were there. We will definitely come back.
3.7 Solid, good portion, inexpensive (6.99) Indian/Bangladeshi/Pakistani foodConfirming that it was upstairs.Tried a random place, saw the people in there.Atmosphere: Guy was nice, mix of people, tv was in a foreign language, communal free water, food served on plastic plates on a giant metal plate. Saw the food was inexpensive, most likely good. So yes, I got Chicken Mahkani with a Naan, guy asked if I wanted rice also but as it was Lunch I didn't want to fill up too much. A good amount of the food is labeled but knowing some Indian dishes goes a long way to discerning some of the extra dishes listed on the menu.The food was quite good. Mound of chicken but was not super spicy (but still flavored.) Naan was one giant piece.The place has a C but really, it follows Halal customs so the food is not going to make you sick.
As Chris Rock said, "Willy hate you."While you might get this feeling when you walk in, the food and prices override the discomfort.  Nestled right across from some high-end hot spots on 29th street, the new upstairs location of this cab stand is almost as delicious as the original next door which seemed to have more African influence to the offerings.  Complex flavors to the dishes, fresh nan, low prices, pitchers of water for your table and clean bathroom (as attested to by sister-in-law).  When places like this disappear NYC will be left with just Oyster bars and Lobster rolls and we will all realize those things are pretty lame.
My favorites are their naans. Fresh baked always. Chicken65 and their biryani are our so delicious.service is always fast.
I gave them Four Stars for lunch, but now that I have had dinner there, I need to drop the Stars to Two.There are many many reasons why I will not advise anyone to eat here for dinner. Unless of course you have.
When around Herald Square/Flatiron and that weird in-between area with all these run down stores probably full of bootleg items from overseas, you're probably wondering where to eat.  I've found the place!I've read lots of reviews raving about lunch here, but since I live nowhere near, I'll rave about dinner.  It's different every night here, but basically you pick what you want and they dump a large heaping serving into a take-out box or plate for you.  I personally prefer the vegetarian choices, though a carnivore myself.  My favorite out of what I've tried is the spicy eggplant and the mixed vegetables.  The naan is also a solid choice.Like the other reviewers have said - beware of the post-prayer crowd from next door... they go in big groups and you might get stuck waiting for a while!Note: not for the weak sauces who can't handle spicy food!
We were gusts at ACE hotel and sponteniasly orderd t.a. Great chiken tica! Great vegetable dishes . Very nice people and great price
Right next to a Mosque where prayers were letting out. This is the place to eat a lot of delicious, high-quality food at low prices!I got the chicken tikka masala and the channa but I'm going to come back every week and get something new.Fantastic. I can't stress it enough! I had a great afternoon because I had such a delicious and satisfying lunch. Bravo!
Chandni Restaurant is a simple no frills place that serves food dishes found in Pakistan, Bangladesh, and India.  It's set up in a cafeteria style layout, where you select what food you'd like and the server adds it to your plate.  Not a self-service buffet, though. The menu here is pretty standard with usually four meat dishes to choose from--either lamb, curried chicken, chicken masala or a special dish that will probably be some kind of beef dish.  My go-to favorite is usually one of the lamb dishes, which I'll have along with one of the regionally prepared side vegetables like chick peas, string beans, sweet peas, or cauliflower. Some of the vegetables come stewed with potatoes.  Remember though, that all of the food and that includes the vegetables will be spicy and peppery hot.   A full lunch time meal here only costs about seven or eight dollars and it will come with your choice of a meat, vegetable, rice or naan flat bread, and a salad.  Sodas are only a dollar, and teas and other drinks are available too.  Quite a good value I'd say, considering the excellent quality of the food and the area of Manhattan Chandni is located in.The service at Chandni is usually fast and efficient with a friendly staff more than willing to help.  It's best however to try to come here around lunch time when there's a quick turnover in customers which means that the food will always be served hot.  I would probably even suggest eating before 3pm, if you can.  Most of the other diners there will be South Asians and Africans who either work in the area, or worship at the mosque located downstairs from the restaurant.  Also, occasionally you might find a family with small children dining with you.  As an affordable no-frills lunch time eatery, where the food is always well prepared and served with love, I'm willing to give Chandni four stars.
There is nothing I don't like about this place. The service is friendly, the food fantastic, and atmosphere warm.  I had fish curry, YUM! Kids ate spicy chick pea and couldn't get enough.  The cost was the cherry on top!  Highly recommended!!
Boom! One of the best dingy Indian lunch places in the city. For $6-7 you get your curry on, or tikka masala, or...for me, it was "green chicken" day. Tender and juicy chunks of chicken tossed with two types of peppers. The oily chickpeas I paired with it were mouthwatering good.The folks behind the counter are very friendly, if slightly English-challenged (despite turning a lot of meals to English speakers). For some reason that I couldn't quite understand, I was offered tea (singled out for it). I declined diplomatically, even though I like tea, assuming he was offering me something else that sounds like tea but isn't that I would not enjoy as much as I do tea but would then have to pretend that I wanted in the first place, in order to save face. Pitchers of water are available in the fridge, as you'd expect.
Great curry. Quite spicy for kids but adults would be fine. Strollers might be a bit hard  because the restaurant is actually above arrahman mosque, and you have to get over the stairs as well as the tables are quite close together. We had foldable stroller and just kept them outside the reataurant's "lobby" area. I really recommend this place. To sum up, our best food in new york city!
Can't beat the 3.99 lunch special that includes a deep portion of white or brown rice, chicken curry that is fall off the bone and savorily spicy, plus a side green salad. **started this 2 months ago when I went at least once a week, but then the lunch special disappeared and it's now $6.99, which is not a "special" as much as a "regular". I have since stopped going because while it was good before, it's not any different now than any other place in little India.
Very good food at a very good price. Delivery was incredibly fast. The portions were perfect except the rice. It was sweet, which I wasn't expecting, and there wasn't much of it. But overall, I would order it again.
It was ok.  I was in the mood for a vegetarian lunch so I ordered the spinach and the channa.  It wasn't bad, but it was too oily for my taste and there was nothing particularly distinctive about it.  I'm not sure why it got so many rave reviews, there are definitely better Indian restaurants in town and even in this neighborhood. Perhaps the meat dishes are better than the veg?Anyway, it certainly is inexpensive so I guess you can't go too far wrong for a quick bite
I went back here for the first time in a year and wow, was I not impressed. I went around 6 pm. The man behind the counter was short with me and quite rude (there were only two other patrons in the restaurant). There were no dosas available at that time which was disappointing. The lassi was so watery and disgusting that I threw it in the trash (first time I've ever wasted lassi). I got the chicken 65 and it was kinda dry, not saucy enough. The naan was also MEH. What happened??? I used to love coming here for breakfast.
Let's be honest, this isn't date dining. It is a café serving superb honest authentic food. Hand-written signs in a city that values style, paper plates and plastic forks... But huge flavour, and real. Not pretend real, just real.
This is my favorite Indian spot in the entire city. Indian food is my favorite cuisine and I have to force myself NOT to come here, because I will seriously eat my body weight in about 10 minutes. I literally cannot stop myself from eating; I could eat myself to death on their smorgasbord of deliciousness!The portions are huge but that doesn't stop me from gorging myself into oblivion! The samosas are made fresh daily, and once they are gone, they are gone for the day. Definitely choose the brown rice over the white; it has vegetables in it and has a much better flavor. Every time my parents come to visit NY, they beg to go here and the owners actually remember my family and ask about them from time to time. Really a great spot, friendly peeps and delicious food. I simply cannot rave enough!!!
I am a biryani connoisseur. The chicken biryani tasted like nothing more than pieces of chicken tossed into so-so spiced up rice. The spinach saag was also rather meh. The atmosphere of the place was rather plasticky, like one of those 2nd floor McDonalds in Asia where you have a wall of glass looking out onto the street. It was cheap ($9 for the biryani, saag and a small chai), but I wouldn't come back or recommend it to anyone, so 2 stars.  You can get better street food at this price, but then this place gives you a place to sit, poor atmosphere or not.
Yes, you also get a bad attitude, tap water right from the tap and decor that George Bush designed. And yes, there is the occasional $1 scam. Then again, you walk in, pay SEVEN bucks, get great food within 2 minutes, and get the hell out. Zero stress about tipping, cause they do not even look like they care. What more can you ask for when all you want is food, and none of the pretentiousness?
Excellent lunch spot. Delicious, fast, friendly, and cheap. The Tikka Masala is awesome and the naan is always hot and fresh. Seriously some of the best bread I've ever had.Bring cash and come hungry. Pro tip: Skip the salad, you won't hurt anyone's feelings.
Awesome food also has vegetarian options $7 for a vege meal with 2 sabzi, rice, salad, Raita. Indian meals should have Rice and Naan mandatory but I don't understand all these restaurants in NYC when they say meal give either Rice or Naan why not both as Indian meals have to be mixed well and the correct way is Start with naan and then Rice end with Sweets.
I've tried the chicken tikka masala and it was decent. The chicken was dry. Another time I tried the chicken biryani which was a better choice!
Eh, The food here is alright. My boo had a class nearby so I wanted to meet her for lunch.I always take her to the classiest joints.  She wanted to go to Shake Shack, but it was snowing and a good 4 blocks away.   I found this place on yelp, and figured what the heck, my boo deserves a nice sit-down joint.We walked over here and the decor and design didn't seem like it was all that.  The place was packed with people.  I wasn't that thrilled to see how everything sat there in steam trays and the meat was laid out in plates behind the glass display.  It didn't seem that fresh.  The food took a while to order.  I don't see why since nothing was made fresh.  You just point.  The nice guy took my order of a chicken leg quarter and curry chicken on rice.  He microwaved the chicken- I guess they value efficiency over freshness.  The food was assembled in foil and put in a plastic bag to go.The food was pretty good, but I don't think it was amazing. I think the long line of people that stretched out the door would disagree with me.  The whole time we dined there, there was a long line.  They looked like the locals that worked around that area.
GUYS, GUYS, GUYS. Don't go to any other midtownish curry places because THESE DUDES JUST WON.First of all, let's talk selection. They've got your spinach curry, your spicy lamb curry, your chickpea curry, and your CHICKEN TIKKA GODDAMNED MASALA. Whatever your choice (AND I HOPE YOU CHOOSE THE ONE IN ALL CAPS) you get it on a delicious bed of white rice, brown rice, or bread, your choice. I chose the BROWN RICE. AW YISS. Mix that shit up and hell yeah.Their samosas are filled with delicious POTATOES and also SPICES. They are very FLAVORFUL. You also get a customary SIDE SALAD no matter what, and man is it DELICIOUS. Cucumbers all up in this shiznite.Also it's strangely big in this place? Like, there's just a lot of seating room. Hell, bring like ten people here, you'll still have seating options.I did not get to use the restroom because a man and a lady I presume was his wife abruptly cut me in line when it opene, walked in the door, and then would not come out so I left but let's not blame that on the establishment okay bye
Pros: decent food, lots of it, not expensive, pitchers of water, good location.Cons: C rating is mildly scary, but so are half the things one eats in NYC. Food is only good, not fantastic.
This is average restaurant though their chicken 65 tastes great. However, there us one Lady (bangali) whose behaviour is rude that I decided not to go there as anytime soon.
I found this place while walking to Dig Inn and decided to try here instead. The lunch platter that I got (chicken tikka masala with aloo gobi and naan) was huge and fulfilled my craving for Indian food, but it was just too greasy. Pools of oil gathered at the bottom of my chicken tikka masala, which I have never encountered before. They also didn't have palak paneer that day even though it was listed on the menu. All in all, I'd try other Indian places in the area before coming back here again.
Spicy, Cheap, Hole in the wall. Win, win and win.
The food is nice, quick and cheap. Everyday there are new specials. A lot of food for a good price. Flavors could pop more. Still nice.
Chicken is a little dry (got the ground chicken and the tikka masala) but still tasty. Not too spicy and very well priced.Don't expect anything beyond take-out style south-asian food.
For a lover of sauces and stewed foods, Chandi is about as good as it gets for lunch spots in South Central Midtown!Authentic Halal dishes ranging from entry-level chicken curries to more complex, traditional dishes. The restaurant's reliability as a crowd pleaser is proven by the always-jammed seating area and bustling ordering area. If it's your first time going, politely shoulder your way to the front, and order yourself the $3.99 lunch special - Chicken Curry over Brown Rice. Ask for extra sauce from the chicken! You'll get a full platter of delicious rice with a few peas mixed in, and about four pieces of on-the-bone, really tender stewed meat.There are quite a few a la carte items you can add on to the lunch. I'd pair a tandoor chicken breast and a piece of naan with the lunch special for your first go-around, after that you can venture off into the different preparations of chicken or the kebabs! Enjoy your lunch, and acknowledge the 'thank-you' your wallet will be giving you after you pay the bill!
Pretty decent Indian food here, you get to pick from various sides and a choice of meat, such as, chicken marsala and curry chicken, and served with rice. Chicken Curry and Marsala tastes wonderful. Not that expensive, the flavors are strong and taste good. It tastes very authentic. Probably authentic as it gets. Not a fancy restaurant, self serve. Perfect quick fix to your Indian food cravings.
Came here on a Friday night. I was introduced to Chandni by a friend who shares the same interest in trying different ethnic foods. I have to say it's THE best Halal food I've ever had. I ordered the Chicken Tiki Masala with some Naan and was pleasantly surprised by a plate heaped with rice and chicken.The sauce was very flavorful and the portion was enough for two sittings. They also give you a side of salad, but it's something you can skip in my opinion. You get so much food for only $6! One thing to note though is the atmosphere. I'm an asian male and my friends were two white females. There were only males there and they all sorta looked at us funny when we walked in. Nothing came of it and it wasn't an unwelcoming aura, but still awkward. I guess they don't have many other ethnicities coming in.    Amazing food for very little cost and I will definitely come back to try the rest of the menu, despite the awkward stares.
Good Indian food on the cheap.  There special can be hit or miss in terms of actually getting meat instead of bones.  The Naan is great and staff is friendly.  I'll come back here again.
Tasty and cheap, this place is my new favorite for office lunch.  $6 will buy you chicken curry and a vegetable side.  $7 will buy you any meat dish and vegetable side.  I have a strange affinity for the goat curry, but sometimes even I'm not sure why.  The veggies are usually far and away the home run - ridiculously well spiced, and cooked to just the right degree of tenderness.  Someone at Chandni is really good at what they do.  It's just that they don't care about seating or lighting.  A meal works for a serving for one large very hungry individual, or for two serving for a lesser eater.  Sometimes there only men here.  Sometimes, the people behind the counter seem very unhappy.  Don't let it bother you.
Nothing beats $3.99 for a LUNCH SPECIAL of Curried Chicken over Rice or Naan (you choose) with a side of Salad around this part of the town. The portions were huge and I was satisfied with my purchase. Not bad, will return to try something else in the near future***REMEMBER CASH ONLY!!!***
Pleasantly surprised with this hole in the wall. I went during Friday prayer for the nearby Islamic temple so the sidewalks were PACKED with people praying... all of which came into Chandni after they were finished to eat and wash. $6 for 2 vegetables/meats and either rice OR naan (bummer).
Found this place on Yelp and came for lunch on a Tuesday. I got the lunch special which is chicken curry with choice of vegetable, naan and mini-salad with rita. My chicken came off the bone nicely but overall food was only average. My naan was cold and stale, but they served me the perfect amount of extra sauce to lap it up with. This place however is a good value for the price and a fine non-hectic lunch experience if you are in the area.
Fabulous prices, food was good but not great although price adds another star.  I love Indian food and try it everywhere I go.   Tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and two vegetable dishes with rice and a side of Naan bread.  The naan bread is huge so either order one or the other, not both.  Had a lot left over.  The chicken pieces were large and generous.  Can't beat the prices and it's like a fast food place.  Had takeout but I they forgot to include the raita for the salad so I ended up with a bunch of chopped lettuce with nothing to dress it with.
The decor is awful but the decor is amazing. We found this place at random while trying to get on the mark to New Jersey. The food has really delicious pakistani food but has really bad decor, customer service and bathrooms. So just go for food on a budget. And I recommend the chicken masala, briyani, and the chicken rolls.
There are a number of cab-deli's in nyc.  This is the best.It is a hole in the wall,  but worth going for good and cheap food. If you are confused what to order, just point. Over time you will know what you like.With the prices so low experimenting in easy.The atmosphere inside is like the united nations. You have Muslimsfrom the world over come to eat here. You can be sure they like the food.
Me and my friend were in the area and when I saw the awning, I was so excited because I had bookmarked this page on Yelp and was waiting for the perfect opportunity since I'm never in this area. It was both of our first times here, and what would you know - it was 12pm and MERE MINUTES before the men outside the next-door mosque in the middle of their worship formed a line that extended outside. It was definitely an interesting experience in itself walking into this place by having to weave through a hundred double-decker bus tour guides, taxi drivers, and mainly men of all walks of life bowing on the floor in the prayer. It was even more awkward for two females to be the only patrons while a line of 50 hungry men are glaring at you and looking at you up and down as they wait to make an order. There are only about 5-10 small tables if  I remember correctly and the tables are crammed really closely together, just something to remember if you're eating there around lunch or after a prayer.I ordered the chicken tikka masala which came with white rice. Far from my expectation of at least average CTM. I was disappointed with the sauce, which was more like a soupy tomato sauce with a tiny pinch of cream instead of a thick masala sauce that you might typically expect. There only were two women working there in charge of both serving and taking cash. Although I admire how they handle the large hustling and bustling male crowd by themselves, I didn't appreciate how my $8 bowl of chicken tikka massala was 3/4 sauce, 1/4 chicken. The chicken was cubed, large, dry, and hard to chew at that. Maybe I went there an on off day considering all these rave reviews, but I definitely didn't receive nearly as much as what you see in the pictures above.It could be my paranoia, but I think I'll ONLY come back at an off-peak hour or at least well after the prayer crowds - just to minimize my chances of being ripped off in order to please its other customers.
Quick, generally efficient, cheap, tasty, and good portions. A much appreciated addition to the area.
This is my go-to bolt hole for decent food near to my doc's office. This morning I got a delicious aloo paratha and chai. I love their channa. Salad is pretty much *meh*, but I like the fact they make each naan fresh. Means a bit of a wait, but, it is worth it.
Phenominal Indian food.  Just stumbled on this place.  Thanks Yelp!
Went there for the first time today and they had the best Chicken Tikka Masala I have eaten yet in NY. And their naan was yummy too. I am definitely going back there.
DO NOT EAT HERE. The food made me sick!! I ordered chicken tikka masala and naan. The naan was okay. the chicken tikka masla was terrible. It tasted like the horrible cooking cubes you can buy from the store. I then woke up in the middle of the night sick. Save your money and stomach!
You know you're excessively dependent on technology when you have to look businesses up on Yelp before realizing that they're quite literally in front of you.  Or, in this particular case, directly across the street from my hotel.For $7 (including tip), I'm sitting in front of a ridiculously huge steaming heaping mound of food consisting of "brown rice" (which seems a lot more loaded than the description would indicate, much like a veg biryani), ultra-tender chicken in a mild orange sauce, and savory chick peas.The counter's loaded up with various other mysterious unlabeled goodies that had my mouth watering from the moment I laid eyes on them: kabobs, various unknown veggies in colorful sauces, chicken drumsticks, lamb stews, and more.Plus, I totally dig the self-service nature of the dozen pitchers of water on the bottom shelf of the fridge in the front.  No frills, no nonsense.  Just fast service, affordable costs, and amazingly delicious food.  -This- is how fast food is supposed to be.
Awesome local flavor. Lots of taxi drivers and fellas hanging out so you know its good and cheap I had the Chicken Makhani and Masala on a bed of rice with a huge freshly baked circle of Naan bread. All of that was $7 and I am a big eater and after inhaling 3/4 of the plate I had to tap out. Wife had the lentils and chickpeas with brown rice ($6) and was on cloud nine. I sampled and was impressed and did not miss the meat. You are not going to this place for the decor or service.. Its all about the food and if you are willing to try something different you will not be disappointed! I will return!
Oh.. you stumbled upon this place? Lucky you! You've just uncovered one of those legendary "boy its nasty looking in here, but has the most mind-blowing food" types of places. You know that place on Houston? Yeah- Punjabi. That place doesn't hold a candle.. time to step up your game (I'm talking to you too cabbie).
This is my new favorite dive indian!Its cafeteria style, and most of the food is hanging out in trays, but it does pretty good business so I assume the turnover is reasonable.They have lots of good veggie options, and really good spicing.I went with my hot friend (wearing a skinny dress). We happened upon Chandni right as the Mosque next door let out. It was a madhouse of men yelling at the counter to get their orders of chicken tikka. There must have been 40+ guys in there all trying to get fed after prayers. When we walked in the whole place screeched to a halt! Not really. Actually only a few heads turned, and considering she was the only lady in there it was pretty cool. We got our order, sat next to some dude eating with his hands and had a low key dinner. It was a pretty surreal and hilarious experience.
Great value for your buck--$5.99 lunch special could feasibly get you through two meals.  I live one block away from this place and really only ducked into it to escape the rain.  FATE.Will be back, probably many times over.  Service was also very friendly, and I like that they let you bring over a pitcher of water to serve yourself.Tried the channa masala and chicken tikka masala.  Both damned good.  Excited to try more!!
apparently new york yelpers haven't tasted good indian food, because there's no way this place deserves 4 stars. sure, it's cheap, but the food sits in giant vats waiting to be ordered, the menu is quite limited (no chicken vindaloo or garlic naan), and the atmosphere is non-existent. for a cheap place to eat, it fits the bill, but after walking over a mile to eat here, i was sorely disappointed.Edit: I was going  to give this place two stars, but that was before I used their restroom. The entire hole-in-the-wall room was covered in liquid (I'm hoping it was just water, but judging by the smell I'm wrong) and there were no paper towels or toilet paper rolls to be seen. Even "hovering" made me feel as though I were at risk of contracting hepatitis.Gross.
The lunch special that comes with a chicken curry, a veggie side, naan, and salad is now $6.99 rather than $3.99, and comes with the SMALLEST portion of meat you'll ever see. You can really tell the quality of the place when inside the restaurant, there's a man that sells phone cards and a restroom you have to be buzzed into. Best to avoid unless you enjoy eating amongst NYC cabbies.
This place is awesome.  Really cheap, excellent fast Indian/Pakistani/Banglideshi food.  I eat here for lunch about 2 times a week since it is close to my office.  Lots of my coworkers now eat here, the food is just excellent and the value unbeatable compared to similar places in the area.  It is cafeteria style, in which most food is already prepared and you can get whatever you want.  Although they do cook full meals that you can order, they do have a very full menu.  This is the one place in the world where I go specifically to eat vegatables.  While the meat is also very good (chicken makhni is excellent, tender, lean, all white meat), I just love the way this place cooks veggies and load up whenever I come here.  Every time I walk in to this place I see something I've never seen before.  One time there was a dish of lentils and goat that looked blended and had the consistency almost of warm vasaline... Yea that sounds super gross, but it was actually kinda good, and very different, very strange texture.  I often get a chickpea dish, in a curry type sauce, excellent flavors.  They also have brown basmati rice which I love.  One of my favorite dishes here are sorta vegetable dumplings in a creamy sauce.  I'm never sure exactly what sauce, or often what vegatables I'm eating, but that's ok, it all taste fantastic.  Great for lunch, take out, or sit down if you don't mind no service.  Very very friendly people, huge portions, excellent fresh food and very cheap, highly recommended!
This place just continues to get better with the Halal food. My family has been trying to eat more Halal (kosher food) and when in NYC this is a spot we frequent. The food is always fresh and very filling for 20 dollars we got two full plates of food, drinks and salad. The lamb rice is phenomenal as is the chicken curry. Do beware it can be spicy so avoid on the hot days of summer.
Was going to eat at Chandni until i nnoticed they got a "C" grade from the health department.
Wow. Delicious food, looks good, tastes good, is good! For $7 I got chicken tika masala, a spinach dish, rice, an ample portion of salad, even raita. Thank you Yelp for steering me towards this place!
Welcoming and friendly service here at Chandni. Delicious and tasty food as well. Chicken jelfrazi, stewed peas and potato, brown basmati rice with salad all very good. I also enjoyed their Chai Tea.Will be back...hopefully they will be serving okra.....
I had the channa masala, eggplant w/ potatoes and naan. Taste-wise, it was so-so. But it was extremely oily food -- the channa and eggplant were floating in seas of oil. Not sure I'll be back.
Outstanding!!!! Simple, delicious, I second all the existing reviews and thank their writers for sending us to a great first meal for our trip to NYC!
Decent Pakistani/Indian food for cheap. If I am around the area might drop by.
i m been working like a block away from this place for almost 5 years. I tried alot of stuff from here. My favorites for here are aloo paratha, kabab sandwich ($3) and tandoori chicken with naan ($4). For desert try there rice budding (i m not sure if thats kheer or firni)Ok guys will see you on weekend.
I was in town looking for apartments in New York and had a craving for Indian food.  So I yelped this place and it was ok for a quick bite.  It is more for a lunch than dinner type of restaurant.  Cafeteria style serving and basic chairs and tables to sit and enjoy.  Overall it was good with the best part being the naan.
I was highly intrigued by this restaurant as we walked by it daily on our way back to our hotel.  There was a big sign which said "Halal Food".  Noticed that there were always a lot of men eating in there.  So on our last night in Manhattan, we made it a point to have dinner there.  Chandni is billed as serving Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi food; being an Indian food novice, I have no idea of the differences among the cuisine.  It's a very humble place where you walk up to the counter and order your food.  It makes it easy to point and choose your food when you have no idea of what the names of the foods are on the wall.  I had chicken kebab, which was made out of seasoned ground chicken and looked much like a sausage.  My husband had chicken masala.  Both were served on a big plate of white jasmine rice, along with a small side salad.  A piece of naan completed the meal.  Very tasty.  Each plate was only $6, hence the abundance of men eating there.  It's located right next to a mosque, which probably accounts for a lot of their customers.
I don't mind dive-y Indian diners as long as the food rules. But this place is pretty scrappy. Beggars missing various limbs were hanging out front. The food had been sitting buffet style under the heat lamps so I wasn't expecting much. Surprisingly it tasted quite spicy and tasty.  There are other places nearby that I'll probably go to instead but if you don't mind the depressing nature of the place and get your food to go, it's not so bad.
I had to eat something decent and cheap before going into Ace Hotel to work. Luckily this thing is right across the street!I was hoping for more of a cheaper dining experience like Punjabi on Houston, but a $6 plate of curry chicken was very tasty. They gave me a good proportion and the $1 roti went really well with the dish. Seemed fresh as they brought out the roti from the back kitchen hot. They even give you a small salad on the side if you eat in!The environment is expected from a cheap grease-joint: self-seating tables, self serve drinks, and television from the Indian/Paki region. One funny thing that happened was an Asian-looking dude tried speaking to me in Japanese. He kept saying "Konichiwa". I guess they have friendly customers too.If you're looking to spend less than $10 for a decent meal, this is the place, but I was hoping that it was going to be cheaper. Main dishes are $5-6 per dish and you need to buy bread or rice with it for an additional $1 or $2.
You have to be a fan of dingy dives to love it here. The "menu" is covered by hand-scrawled "specials". The customer bathroom is the embodiment of an indoor port-o-san. However, all that aside, the veg entrees are one of the most flavorful you can get, especially for the price. Not a fan of their turnips though. Have to take off a star for the overall atmosphere, b/c as a halal place that is right next to a prayer site, I am a bit leery. I plan to be a frequent repeat customer however.
This place was just opposite our hotel in NYC - the Ace.  It has EVERYTHING I look for in a restaurant.  Crappy lighting (think laundromat), real ppl (not just hipstaz-cabbies & workers) and awesome fresh, incredibly cheap food.  Nothing here costs more than $7, and its a ton of food. Said Bangladeshi, but food was like a hybrid of Indian and Ethiopian.  Fantastic.
My go to Pakistani spot at the moment. The food has impressed me so much so that I now dread the idea of having to go anywhere else. Try everything.
This is great halal authentic affordable indian pakistani food, the fresh bread from the clay oven, I like the palak gohst and the kebob.  the place is busy and fast.  the service is great.  i have been going here when I ever I am in the city.  I recommend this place highly.  Also the Lassi is sweeee!!!!
