The chicken tikka gets me everytime. Very good. Great spices. Fast delivery not a ripoff. I highly recommend
I have been waiting a while for this store to open, and I am finally glad to say it was worth the wait. I ordered from here the day of the grand opening, and they did not disappoint. To save, I order the Daily Special, which includes one appetizer, one entree and a good amount of naan. The Chicken Tikka has the right amount of spice, and is also very tender. The samosas are delicious and not as greasy as other places. I love Chicken Vindalu and have ordered it twice from here already. Again, a good amount of spice (I like spice, and this wasn't over-the-top spiciness, which is good).
Literally the best Indian food in bushwick~ AND delivers so fucking quick. I usually get the daily special and split it between myself and the boy, it fills us up completely!!!
The worst Indian food I've ever had. I couldn't believe how sweet my meal was- sag paneer shouldn't taste like cake!! It went straight into the garbage. I never waste food but it was inedible.
I've only ordered takeout, but it has been satisfying each time. Good attention to flavor, and they definitely aren't afraid of the spice.
This was our first visit to indian curry heights and we were pleased to find many vegetarian options on the menu. My wife and I ordered the mixed vegetable curry and the alu saag, and both were very good! After our meal we were given a free rice pudding dessert (can't recall the name of it). Overall the staff was extremely nice and the food was amazing, I will definitely return and recommended it to friends. The meal for two was $24 which I found to be very reasonable.
Amazing food, great service! Staff is very accomodating and friendly.  Will definitely come back and order for delivery.  :-) highly recommended!
We have eaten from this restaurant in the past and it is pricey but the food is usually delicious. Tonight we ordered and some of the food we received was decent but the chicken vindaloo was short on chicken, the samosas lacked flavor and the tandoori chicken was dried out. Not worth the price tag. Won't be ordering again.
Delicious authentic Indian food with a lovely staff. This place is one of the best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn! The place is very clean and has a lovely aesthetic inside. The owner is extremely friendly and takes pride in his establishment. Everything I get here is on point and filled with flavor! Be sure to finish your visit with some dessert. These people know how to cater to a sweet tooth! Highly, HIGHLY recommend!
Ambiance is great, and the food was very good.  Not an expensive dinner either.  Ate with my fiance  and two dinners and two deserts were less than $60.  The staff is attentive without being overbearing.  Definitely worth a visit.
I strongly suggest calling in the order first if u are doing take out...the food is fuckin amazing...plus the guy was so nice he gave me a delicious rice pudding as i waited...def coming to this neighborhood spot again
this is not good indian food. the chili chicken didn't have chilis, just a couple of pickled jalapeno slices. the saag paneer was way too creamy and oddly, and unpleasantly, sweet. the daal makhani was bland and not creamy enough. and the seekh kebabs weren't grilled enough. and the coriander sauce for the samosas was a shade of lime green that scared me. it's like they don't bother to taste their own food. now most indian takeout ranges from meh to mediocre, so i'm not shocked. but i'm not ordering from here again, either.
Love this place. It's a block or two away from my apartment and although I will be moving soon, I look forward to see how they are with deliveries. There's rarely a wait when I walk in for dinner and the service is friendly. I always bring friends here when they're in the neighborhood. Nothing extraordinary but good, standard Indian food when you need it.
Just found this new Indian restaurant in my neighborhood,  the food is delicious and authentic! The interior is very nice and the staff were friendly a welcomed addition to the area.
I was excited to see this place open in the neighborhood and visited for the first time last Sunday.  This is hands down among the worse Indian food I have ever eaten and I am quite frankly shocked that anyone could have given it a good review.  We ordered their 'Best Seller', Chicken Tikka Masala, Goat Madras, a mango lassi, and a 'Homemade Iced Tea.'  Lets start with the iced tea, as it is a pet peeve of mine.  I ordered this 'without sugar' and confirmed with the waiter that I cannot have sugar at least three times while he was taking our order.  An iced tea arrived that was more sugar water than tea.  I attempted to return it, the waiter refused to take it back, pushing it in front of me saying 'You can drink this!  It's pre-made.'  I have a hard time thinking of this as "homemade' iced tea because it had the distinctive taste of crystalized iced tea mix.  What is even more remarkable is that when I asked him why he did not tell me it was 'pre-made with sugar' when ordering, he just didn't care.  Why force the drink on me?  Why not take it back, or better, why not just make some regular tea, which is on the menu, and throw in ice?The Mango Lassi was a bizarre orange color.  I don't know what was in it, but every other mango lassi I've ever had has been yellow, like mangos.  It was so sweet and over sugared it was practically undrinkable.The Goat Madras sauce was fine, but the goat itself was so tough that I could barely chew it.  Obviously a 3rd rate cut of meat more suited to dog food than human consumption.The Chicken Tikki Masala tasted slightly less horrible substantively for the fact that it was overall very bland, a term not often associated with even cheap Indian food.  The sauce was, again, a bizarre and freakishly consistent orange color.  Certainly not made in house as I saw someone bring a jar of the stuff out of the back room.Since eating there I've had an upset stomach and, as I have not eaten anything else, I think the culprit is obvious.  Avoid.
Way too sweet. Everything tasted like it had been doused in sugar, even the naan! I ordered chicken tikka masala and saag poneer, both really really sweet. Where oh where is the good Indian food in North Brooklyn!?!
delicious food and great service - manager Ali gave me a complimentary side of saag paneer just bc he is a classy dude.will be my go to chicken tikka massala spot moving forward
Took over two full hours to arrive. When I called asking to cancel and get a refund, they hung up on me.
Cancelled my seemless order and did not notify me. Sat around for 30 minutes after promised delivery time before calling them asking where the food I ordered was. I told the man on the phone my address and he said they don't deliver in that area, which confused me because the restaurant came up on nearby in yelp. Anyway, the worker misunderstood my address and thought it was in Manhattan (not Brooklyn), and said they didn't deliver that far (understandable). He was apologetic and said they would deliver the food. It was an honest mistake, but nonetheless an amateur one. Man seemed apologetic, but I just didn't like how they didn't notify me that my order was cancelled, it was still charged to my account, and I'm still hungry.
