We've ordered from here a few times now for our work lunch. Always delicious. I've personally had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Hyderabad. I've ordered both extra spicy and the chicken Hyderabad was definitely more spicy than the chicken Masala. They deliver to our location in Englewood Cliffs and are very courteous. This is one of the better Indian food places on this area - highly recommended.
We really wanted to like this place. However, not long after the meal was over, we both got food poisoning. :/For what it's worth, we were the only diners in the restaurant for dinner; not a great sign. 2 Stars because the service was good, but I can't say we'll be returning after both getting sick.
This is a real hidden gem, the food is very delightful and high quality. I enjoyed the buttered chicken and the lamb gosh. There was an appetizer dish which was a sampler which was also amazing. Definitely worth a repeat trip!!!
I'm in love. No more can be said about this place.  I can try to verbalize the experience but it would not do it justice.  But here goes...Went for business lunch, very quite and intimate. The server/owner greeted me right away and provided information about the buffet and asked for drinks.Food is amazing. Nothing on the buffet was less than frigging delicious!!!! The server was very sweet and attentive but not over bearing. It was a fantastic experience.Most def recommend and most def coming back
I tried this restaurant for the first time tonight.Being from the UK and living  here for the last 16 years I haven't never had a great spicy curry until tonight. It was out of this world so flavourful and tasty it was like just being in India I will return for sure!!!
The food is amazingly delicious, my favorite is the papri chaat with brown and green sauce. There is parking on the street right in front of the restaurant. Definitely we will come back for the open buffet.If you want Indian food, here is the right place. Don't forget to order the Mango Lassi.
My sister fell in love with Indian food at this restaurant when she was only 11. Since then she has tried so many Indian restaurants and every single time she says that "Taste of India" is hands-down the best Indian food she's ever had. We absolutely love the food here, especially the samosas, naan, and chana masala. The staff is very friendly and the chef is one of the best. Meals are very affordable. I highly recommended coming to this amazing restaurant for a genuine Indian meal.
I wanted to have some Indian food. This was the closest one with a great rating. I checked the menu and was happy to see Biryani. Ordered a goat biryani for take away.The Biryani was sour is taste and was soggy. The amount of gravy they put was way more than the rice. The meat quantity was good but it was very rubbery. The biryani has jalapeño on it  and sorry to say but it was not good. The raita was sticky... Either the yougurt was spoilt or they add maida/flour in it. Again very bad taste. Not sure if my stomach will be able to adjust to the acidic biryani.After paying $17 for the biryani...I would never recommend anyone to get biryani from here. Better if this high priced soury gravy ruce with meat is removed from menu. 1 STAR for prompt delivery on phone order.
A very nice place, family own, good dishes.I wish they have the place a bit brighter.
Delicious, authentic Indian food! Went for a Saturday buffet and it was excellent. Had great variety. The palak paneer was one of the best I've ever had, and the samosa were done just right. The service and ambiance are... practical-- not exactly the kind of place you'd go for a fancy anniversary dinner or anything, but if you're looking for a casual place with solid Indian food, this is it.
Today, January 3rd, my family and I visited Taste Of India in Teaneck. It. Was. Awesome. We had a great lunch haha. The lunch buffet (Sunday) was 12.95 per person and it was well worth it! They had Tandoori Chicken, Paneer, Dal, Goat Curry, Basmati Rice and other things as well! They even gave you an abundant basket of naan for no extra charge. For dessert there was a fruit salad covered in a sort of mango puree. I also left with a take home box of food (for my dad), along with a mini container for the dessert all of which was also 12.95. We got to take home our naan bread as well. Price: Good, I've been at lower priced Indian buffets, but it was worth it!Food: Great. Everything I had was tasty!Service: I can't say enough about how awesome our waitress, Shirley, was! Shirley was really pleasant and greeted us with a smile. She made sure we always had water at the table and that we never ran out of naan. Our finished plates of food were taken away very quickly. She accommodated us in every way. Some of the best food service I've received!Ambiance: The place was pretty much empty when we got there (it was a Sunday afternoon). But, it was beautifully decorated and quiet. All in all, a very nice outing. Taste Of India, you guys are doing something right! Happy New Year everyone!
Very good indian. I would even say better than many places in Manhattan and as good as the really outstanding indian in Manhattan--- I am recent transplant so Manhattan indian restaurants is my measure of comparison. Delivery is on time and will usually take more than 40-45 minutes. Went to eat there once but no one was there. It was late though and a Wednesday night. The service was prompt and friendly, as is the service when I order over the phone. Very impressed with the veggie dishes I've tried: Aloo Baingan Dahiwala, Gobi Manchurian. And the staple chicken dishes were awesome: Chicken vindaloo, makhani, and tikka masala. I also tried their Chicken kurma which was good but I liked the other chicken a little better. I grew up eating spicy but I'm pregnant now so I might be more sensitive to it--I think their spiciness is a little strong. So, if you are sensitive to spiciness, definitely ask for "mild."
Food is wonderful and service was as well.  I had Saag Paneer and it was exceptional.The owners seem lovely - attentive without being annoying, made food recommendations and were just very pleasant.I would definitely go back.
I wish I had a '0' rating because even 1 star is not worth of them!Yesterday me and my husband went for buffet and while entering itself it was freaking hot and all the hot air from kitchen was coming inside .First they offered a place to sit but we didn't as it was dirty and there was no air circulation then when we sat under the fan and the owner(lady)was shouting at the server that why did she allow us to sit under the fan .We were pissed off by her rude behavior.We were about to start the buffet,the server gave us Naans which were dry and cold and when we told to take the naans and bring them when we need,the owner shouted at the server and she wanted us to hear "Jaake boldo aisa hi milega"What the heck!!!You guys are living on customers money and are showing us the downgraded filthy attitude.??????????????We moved out of the restaurant and went to another one!There are lots and lots of Indian Restaurants in that area.Save yourself from all this and of course from food too..The whole food was dried up due to overheat...Don't spoil your health by having food here..
I was in town and I was craving Indian food and found this place was near by, I did a phone order the person on the phone was very nice  I got tandoori chicken and rice and pouri bread , this restaurants is not the fast food Indian it's very authentic Indian food must try
They have the best chicken tikka masala and samosa in the Teaneck area. They have a lunch buffet which is fantastic for the price. I usually go there for carry out and the food comes out hot and fresh. Pricing is also very reasonable for Indian place in Bergen county. There have been 2 other Indian restaurants in this same location and this has been the best!
I am so happy.. finally i found a really great indian place in bergen county! i had tried Kinarra in edgewater which is closer to where i live but was disappointed with the fish curry that was so fishy i could barely eat it... decided not to return... so anyhow i have been to my share of indian restaurants in Albany and am glad to have found one in this area... my friend and i came early so there was no one in the restaurant and it was nice and quiet.. they have a cozy atmosphere with authentic indian type of decorations on the wall and warm redish colors.. they give you water in a lovely glass bottle and you can leave it on the table to have as much as you want..to start they give you that crispy flatbread which i dont know the name of, and 3 different lil sauces (tamarind, onion and mango) so that you have something to munch on while waiting for the main meal... the waitress was nice. attentive and indian which is good cause you know right away that the place is authentic and the real deal!... for appetizer my friend got the mamosa which was well seasoned and nice texture.. then i got shrimp bengali with kochi onion stuffed bread on the side and she got the chicken biryani with garlic naan... all i can say is delicious! and the portions are really great.. i was able to exercise an ounce of self-restraint and now have 4 shrimps leftover for breakfast... the begali sauce is sooo delicious.. its creamy, sweet, and spicy.. shrimp were cooked well.. no shrimpy flavors.. and the biryani was full of vegatables and various complexity of spice.. chicken was tender and not dried out... the garlic nan was really good... onion kochi was average i would say... and the price is good as well! unfortunately they have a min delivery order of 40 dollars in my area but i might just drive over here for take out next time in the mood for some indian food! hah
Moved here from Boston and have been searching far and wide for a good Indian spot. Well, we found it. The food was fantastic. Just enough kick without overpowering the flavors. We ordered delivery which was very fast and the delivery guy was cool too. Large portions, reasonably priced. We got the chicken makhani and chicken korma. Both were excellent. We will definitely be coming here from now on for Indian.
After living near Jackson Height Queens, we have high expectations for Indian Food, so we were very pleased to have Taste of Indian in the neighborhood.  Our first time was for the lunch buffet.  Food was reasonable and tasty.  Our second visit was for dinner off the menu.  Service was excellent and again the food was amazing.
We went here today for the buffet and I have to say the selection was very large and everything was delicious.  10 different dishes to choose from and dessert.  Naan brought to the table.  Everything was just wonderful.  The only bad thing I would say is that the area by the front of the restaurant where the register is was a bit overcrowded with stuff.  But that didn't stop the food from being delicious!!
