I ordered the 2 meats deal with lentils and naan and I wanted to get 2 meats of the same kind but was told no because they don't allow it but instead I can get a vegetarian side. So I got chicken tikka masala and mattar paneer. Mind you this is a $12 dollar meal. They only gave me 4 pieces of paneer and 2 peas. The chicken only had 5 pieces. Wow absolutely unbelievable...charge a lot of money and can't get things you want and get so little. I rarely eat Indian food in downtown but this was my first and last spot for Indian food. Save yourself the money and eat some where else.Update:  Since my bad incident there, I said to myself, let me give this spot another chance.  So now I make sure the owner puts my meal together. She is really friendly and gives good amount of food and their quality of food has also improved.  So I would give them a 4.  Try it out.
I've known about this place for over a decade.  And I never realized what a little gem it is, tucked away in a tiny location in lower Manhattan.  I hadn't been here in awhile, and instead had voyaged around the city eating in dozens of Indian, Bengali and even Pakistani establishments.  If anything, what I often found is that many of them are INCONSISTENT in their food quality and taste.  The worst-case scenario: a place offering cheap eats, rave reviews, but when I get there, there's nothing but bones, grizzle, and the absolute cheapest cuts of meat used.  BUT NEVER AT TANDOOR PALACE!  Over the years, the place has been consistent in its quality and choicer cuts of lamb, chicken, etc.I usually order Chicken Makhni or Lamb Saag, along with a vegetarian dish, and take it home to enjoy it later.  What I find is this: Delicious flavor, with the chicken being PURE white meat  chicken, in cubes that are never grizzled, or bone-in, but tender pieces of chicken with plenty of flavor, and never so spicy that it burns your mouth.  You are offered a side dish of rice, nan or vegetable, and I choose the rice, flavored by herbs and sprinkled with a few green peas (rice Pulao).  Check out their website "tandoorpalacetogo".  The photos are reliable and correctly portray their food.We sampled the nan and boy were we surprised!  Absolutely fresh, moist, tender, full of flavor AND--amply sized!  It was not reheated (which is typical of many places who make the nan and serve it eight hours later...dried, crusty, even slightly stale).The down side: the dining area is, well at best, proletarian.  Bare-ish walls, with a sunken dining area (seven steps down) and not very palatable.  Ventilation is poor, and although it wasn't a hot summer evening, the dining area was warm.  They offered cooled water, and they don't have ice to ensure ice-cold beverages.  I ordered a can of Coca-Cola, and it was refrigerator cold, but didn't stay that way.  Some Indian music played very quietly in the background.  It wasn't intrusive.The entrance isn't very impressive.  From the street, you walk up about 8 steps and walk along a grungy walkway, not very appetizing.  Once inside, you'll understand what I mean by proletarian.  Some food is sitting in a steam table.  At lunch time, its freshly prepared. However, for dinner, some food might have been there awhile.  Ask to ensure that whatever you order is prepared just for you.If your experience is the same as mine, you'll say, "Boy, that wasn't expected" and you should be pleased. Overall, you'll agree: the quality of the food is excellent, the service is punctual, and the only downside is the ambiance, which is, well, low-end.  My meal ran $13, including tax.  That's very reasonable.  $$ because many entrees are $10.99 or $11.99 plus tax and
Home style fresh and hot food served fast. Loved every bit of it. Wasn't heavy with cream or oil. Healthy and tasty! Wonder why this place would only have 3.5 stars.
I believe this restaurant is more of a take out place. You can eat in, but the ambiance just isn't very nice.I've only gotten the paneer tikka masala here, so I can only comment on that. It was waaay too sweet tasting so I'd recommend getting something else here. They did give a good amount of paneer, though. The rice was typical, good portion, and the naan (extra $2) was just OK.
I had a take out chicken masala that tasted okay. There were maybe 5 small cubes of chicken in the dish. Chicken flavored Masala is more like it. To keep the price low for Fulton Street, you must pay additional if you want both rice and bread.  I found it lacking somewhat in value.
Great food, lovely owner - she was very kind and helpful with my family.  Food was good, solid Indian (not the most top notch, but good).  However, my daughter said it was one of the best tikka masalas she's ever had.  Prices very reasonable and good portions. Will definitely go back.
Priced at $7.50 for the executive lunch boxes, this is the cheapest Indian restaurant in Downtown. The food quality is good too. I've tried their Chicken Dishes and like all of them. The portion sizes are good, and for me, the raita works as a perfect ending for a quick afternoon bite.Ambiance is OK, not the best, but when with friends, sure; why not! In comparison to Bombay Masala which is near Stone street, this place wins on pricing and taste. Bombay Masala gets a very distinct taste of (or something that tastes a lot like) MSG.
Best Indian in FiDi. Good for lunch to go. Cozy casual eating spot.
Food was ok, I had veg food, but place was too hot no A/C and not clean. The quantity was too less and rice quality was poor. I guess this is what you expect for $7.95 but there is always a room for improvements.
Really excellent food for very reasonable prices. My boyfriend and I ate there and got the vegetable samosa, tandoori chicken, plain naan, chicken tikka masala, and a mango lassie on the side. All of the food was delicious. We sat down to eat, and our server was very nice. I highly recommend the chicken tiki masala, it was my favorite.
Great indian food!! So simple and so delicious. Affordable and very filling. Very un-fancy but who cares?!?Get the Dal, it is one of the best dals I've ever had.
It's a relatively cheap lunch place. I got their lunch box for $7.5 which allows you to get a choice of meat, veggies, and rice or naan. It seems most of their meat choices are not spicy and the coriander chicken I got was pretty bland even with the hot sauce. Worse, I had to drink tons of water after the meal probably because the food was laden with MSG. Probably will not return.
Good food at low prices. Their veg/meat platter deal is great, you can get a choice of dal or naan. The naan is very fresh and soft and tasty. Their dal makhani and egg curry is very good. Also the staff is very nice. My parents came here several times last week and the lady who served us was very nice to them. Thank you for making my parents feel welcome.
Look up, look at the sign, walk up the stairs, and follow your nose. Had the executive box (nan + rice) and a meat dish + veg dish. 9.47 and paid with venmo... Food was tastey, and with no other option in the area, this probably can make 3.5-4 stars. Lamb curry was spicy, and flavorful but portions were smallish. I'd come back again for the ride but wouldn't go out of my way.
This place looks questionable from the outside but the food is REALLY solid. The curry is spicy (as it should be) and the price is right: $7.50 for 2 veggie dishes with rice or nan; $8.50 for a meat side and a veggie side. The workers are courteous and prompt and there's ample seating inside. I love how they give you a plastic cup and each table in the seating area has a pitcher of cold water. The portion sizes are quite small. I'm a small-framed lady and it just filled me, so I'm thinking large men might still be somewhat hungry after the meal. Great lunch spot downtown. Glad I found this place!
Horrible. I ordered samosa chaat and they gave me burnt samosa's! That just tells me they took old samosa's and re-fried them to put them in the chaat.
Pleasantly surprised by the food here. Indian food in the fidi isn't the best. Samosas were good as was Malai kofta. Portions are very large. Mango lassi also delish.
A descent, small and pocket friendly Indian Restaurant In Downtown. The place offers either a platter for 9.75$ including two entrees, rice and Naan or you can order curries from the entree list (10$-11$) and choose between rice or Naan with it. I had Malai Kofta and Makhani Daal with Naan which I felt was overpowered by too much Garlic in it. The onion Kulcha was well n crisp. More than their curries, I think their breads were a knockout!
Awesome Indian.  Too go is probably your best bet.  Every dish is great.
Tikka masala chicken. The sauce was very saucy as opposed to other ones that are a little more "liquid". I chose mild (seamless) and it was just right... Still spicy, although I'm very sensitive to spice, it was flavorful but not overpowering to the point I couldn't enjoy it since it didn't burn my taste buds. Delivery said it would take 15-30 minutes but it actually took around 50. It wasn't hot when it got here, but not a huge turn off. This is my first time ordering from here. I only ordered one thing. So I can't give a very accurate review, but I'm giving it three stars and will probably order from here again if I have a craving for Indian. Side note, I don't eat a lot of Indian food, so I don't have many places to compare it to. If you love Indian, perhaps this will be below your standard. Also, they changed names... So on seamless it has both names one of them is in parentheses.
Went to the city with a Punjabi friend.  We felt like getting some authentic Punjabi food.  We tried somewhere else before we found this place and were disappointed.  We began to think that we wouldn't find good and authentic Punjabi food in NYC...  Then my friend got a text from a friend that suggested this place.  When we came in the lady at the counter was talking to the cooks in Punjabi and we knew this place was legit .  The food was was delicious and the lunch set is very affordable. My friend said that the food tasted very authentic and that the saag paneer is just like home cooked food.  I would recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for good non-veg Indian food!!
I picked an Indian delivery place last night based on price alone because I am Asian. No more. Everything else on seamless was notched at a comfortable $14-16 per dish for anything with meat in it but I decided to be ballsy and pick the place that charged $11 for lamb vindaloo. Thinking I'd made out like a bandit, I opened my Seamless order to find two wonton soup containers (the small dinky ones you get from Chinese takeout places) filled with Lamb Vindaloo and Lamb Bhuna (gf ordered a second lamb). Both were average at best, with the Bhuna being especially weird as it tasted like a simple lamb stir fry... something I would associate much more with Chinese takeout than Indian. Oh and they also forgot my naan. There's only 3 items on the receipt dude. 3. Get it right. The only bonus was that they gave a lot of rice. But rice costs nothing. So there's that to look forward to if you do decide to order from here.
The prices are pretty decent for the portions. Yummy choices and the naan is great! If you order for delivery they are very quick and always get it right. The rice is kinda dry..This is a good spot if you're in the area or live close by and want indian food.
It could be easy to walk right on by and not even notice this little place but I could smell the food cooking and I was looking for a place to have lunch anyway. Warily, I crept up the rickety metal steps. Indian food at a seemingly hole-in-the-wall kinda place served on paper plates could be a little risky. I chose to live on the edge and come in.I ordered my favorite Chicken Tikki Maka which they served to me with a generous portion of rice and chickpeas.I mean, it's not the best I've ever had but it was quite good and I got a complete lunch with a can of diet soda for under $14. that's not a bad deal. There was quite a few people in here too, so it must have a nice little following. Service was extremely fast and friendly.Sit  far away from the TV though. I like Prabhu Deva's moves too, but the they keep that volume too loud.
I eat here frequently. Friendly, pleasant, efficient and helpful staff.Fresh, consistently good food- I've liked everything I've had.Can't go wrong with the daily specials or the fish curry.
This place serves a rotating selection of indian food over rice or with naan in a couple of specials combinations.  I love that they have goat and get it often.  Also great is the saag paneer, lentils dishes, naan, and samosas.  You can eat in as well.  No frills, but great food, quick service and good selection.
Got the lunch packed for office. Rotis were literally unchewable/unbreakable. Even the rest of the food left a weird feeling in belly and had a gastro -disturbance for atleast a day after that. Never going back!
The lunch special comes with a choice of naan or rice. I thought it should come with both.   Decent Chicken Tika Masala. The naan is a little on the thin crispy side, but some folks like it like that. I prefer mine doughy and soft. The mango lassi was pretty good, though. It's a decent spot to grab lunch. Cozy seating, clean.
This is boring, nearly flavorless Indian food served up in poor surroundings. Accessed by a precarious set of stairs, Tandoor Palace is comprised of a takeaway section and separate dining room. There's no table service, and I had to retrieve my combo plate from the counter once prepared.The food took nearly 10 minutes to be called, despite the meats and vegetables sitting on a crusted over steam tray. Nothing to note about the food, except for things are much better several blocks away at Bombay's. Dry hunks of tikka floating in a fatty gravy; flavorless blobs of daal three shade too dark. Why that place has 3 stars on Yelp and this underwhelming spot 3 1/2 is baffling. Ignore unless you are physically unable to go to another Indian spot.
When I first saw where the restaurant was located, I was a little skeptical. I had to do a quick Yelp check before I proceeded inside. The lady serving the vegetables was very nice and explained everything to me and my mama-in-law. She even let us sample the spinach and potatoes. I had the chicken tikka masala with rice and mixed vegetables. My mama in law had the lamb curry but she couldn't handle the spice. Lol. I loved it and anytime in the area again, I will stop by. Prices were good too.
Somewhat disappointed.  Chicken tikka masala with rice and spinach.  $8.17 after tax.  Spinach and the cheese was not very fresh.  Chicken masala was good, but small portion.
The quality of the food is fine but I'm giving it two stars because of the dictator who works behind the counter ordering around her employees (who look scared of her) and the small portions. If I spend 8 bucks on lunch I shouldn't go hungry.
I ordered my favourite butter chicken (which is kind of my benchmark dish for Indian food) and veg curry. The butter chicken was very good, while the veggies too salty. The lady who sells the food is very nice, she explained what the dishes were. The place is clean, simple and the price is good. I paid $8 for the lunch including tax. The dining area itself is a bit dingy, it would be nice to have some light there. I would definitely go back.
Awesome no frills grade school cafeteria looking joint with straight to the point great tasting food, solid tandoori chicken, awesome curry goat, rice w/ lentils & hot garlic naan. I was in and out in 20 minutes but the food was solid and adequately priced for Indian.
I luv this place..One of the best budget restro to eat authentic Indian food. Went here with my famliy..Small place at first look but big taste and flavours..The chicken biryani is heavenly..They just need to work on stairs that goes toward restroom..Those stairs are almost dead.. ;)
I have been ordering from here for many years. Best place in the area for inexpensive and tasty Indian food!They have a variety of all of your favorites and plenty of vegetarian options. Portions are generous and they always have great specials and combos.If you're downtown and looking for substantial takeout, try Tandoor Palace!
Malai Kofta heavenly vegetable balls in a spicy, tangy, lip licking brown sauce over rice. It's like they took my taste buds for a joy ride. Onion Kulcha was great. I love this place.
Pretty good Indian lunch spot in downtown. Don't let the ambience fool you, the food is good. I am vegetarian so can't review non vegetarian options but came with a few omnivorous colleagues and they said the food was decent.
The place is okay, the food is okay. I won't consider this as fine dining restaurant but if you want something quick and not expensive this place will fit. The staff seems to be helping and polite other than that it just pretty normal and not exceeding in any benchmarks
Decent tasting lunch specials, plenty of rice and sauce but skimpy on the chicken portions.
This place is horrible.  I ordered a simple Chicken Makhni and it took over 2 hours to arrive. Will never order here again.
Decided to be a little adventurous and order Indian food with my co-workers from A Spice Route (formerly Tandoor Palace) via Seamless, instead going to my usual from Benares. I even switched my usual order (Chicken Korma) for Chicken Biryani! ... in retrospect, I feel as though I would've been happier sticking my usual at Benares. My samosas, though substantially larger compared to the ones I get from Benares, were way greasy. The accompanying chutneys were comparable in taste, but the portions much smaller. My Chicken Biryani entrée was ooookay (and filling), but not worth $12 -- I could've gotten the same meal for half the price from the biryani cart on the corner of John & Water. The only thing that A Spice Route has over Benares, in my opinion, is that their delivery time is faster. But again, that might be because the place is a mere 5(?) blocks away...
Went here for dinner with some friends, looks more like a lunch spot. The food was just sitting in trays when we got there. However, it was pretty good and at a decent price.No credit cards under $10. The atmosphere was pretty bad, was almost dirty. Staff was friendly, however. Overall, just an OK experience really.Atmosphere: 5/10Service: 7/10Food: 7/10
I'm not sure why they insist on keeping the "Formally Tandoor Palace" in their online delivery title, but if Tandoor Palace was delicious, then A Spice Route has fallen a bit from the tree.  There aren't a lot of Indian restaurants in the area that I can depend on for quality Indian fare, so this place is about the best I'll find for now.Delivery is fast.  Insanely fast.  The prices are about right for the amount of food they serve per order.  Winners so far would be their non-vegetarian lunch combination at roughly $7.95 which comes with rice and naan.  Most of the time, be prepared for more rice than actual entree.  For other choices, I've sampled the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Saag, both of which tasted almost like they were in a pre-made package.  I'd avoid appetizers here if possible, since most of the time they're about as much as any lunch combination.  A $5.00 Samosa Chat is so not worth it in my book and their dinky $3.00 Samosas / Aloo Tikki are subpar.Watch out when eating in here, since there is very little seating.  $10 minimum charge for credit cards but this can easily be avoided by ordering online.  Service can be good here, but most importantly they are quick.  For someone like myself who has to have at least one helping of Indian food a week, this place does the job.
When I'm at work and craving Indian food, practically once a week, I head over to this spot. It's honestly not the best Indian food I've had but it's good enough to cure an Indian fix. I usually get the chick peas and mix vegetables with roti. It's served cafeteria style over a Styrofoam plate. No frills. Just food. Personally I find it kind of charming. It's a blue collar lunch kind of feel. Everyone sits at their own tables, either alone or with coworkers along with your own pitcher of water. They give you a plastic cup with each plate so you can refill as much water as you want at your own discretion. Big plus in my book. Don't have to bother anybody. I wish it was a little bit cheaper. My meal is about 8 bucks. The portions are good but could be bigger. It's FiDi though. I forgive them.
I've lived a block away for two years and never had the thought to try this place. It's a little hidden from the outside and it looks like hole in the wall spot. This is a quick fix meal spot that will not disappoint you. If you like Tikka Masala and other chicken dishes, take a step right in.
Unlike most of the downtown "Indian" restaurants, which are actually run by Pakistanis, this place is owned by Indian Sikhs.Unfortunately, most of the food here is very watery and bland, and the spicing has been "dumbed down" for American tastes. You have to be careful what you order, because you think you are getting the $6.50 lunch special, but if you ask for nan and raita, for example, and you have a soda, you will be looking at paying almost $20 for lunch, which is outrageous.Like I said, the food is nothing special, which is too bad. I had the $7.95 fish special one day, which came with nothing else but rice. It was a few chunks of boiled tilipia fish in a murky red tomato sauce which tasted like ketchup with some curry powder stirred in. The fish was obviously not cooked together with the sauce. The fish chunks were thrown into the pre-made sauce and were barely heated.I have been here many times for lunch since I live nearby and I am too lazy to go elsewhere. The Keema is tolerable. Occasionally, there is a lunch special like Aloo Bhindi (okra with potatoes) which is very good. The breads are OK and fresh. The Samosa Chat is usually pretty good and a good deal. If you're lucky and come on a good day, the goat curry is alright. Other times the goat has been way undercooked and horribly bland. You takes your chances.You have to eyeball the stuff in the steam trays and avoid food that looks like a few chick peas or pieces of lamb floating in greasy liquid, because it tastes like what it looks like, bleecchhh. Once in a while, you get a dish which has been hideously oversalted, which is inexcusable.Obviously, there are many goons who know nothing about good Indian food who are posting that this place (and others) is "amazing", or saying that the chicken tikka masala is "really delicious". They are inaccurate, to be precise. To understand this, realize that hundreds of millions of people will also advise you that MacDonald's is also "delicious".(the chicken tikka masala here consists of extremely dry pieces of white meat in the same bland red sauce I described with the fish).If you are lucky you can construct something that is reasonably edible from the menu when you are hungry, but nothing here is a gourmet Indian experience. It is well below even what you get at a genuine Indian Railway station.It is a pity. There is obviously someone here who knows how to cook, but they are not making any sort of genuine effort.
Ok at best.  A bit pricey, but they do deliver quickly.  Samosas are decent.  Biriyani is a bit lacking.
Bad food quality, ordered food to bring home to eat and ended up throwing most of it out and pissed since i wasted $20 on a horrible lunch experience. They serve mediocre versions of staple food. My first and last time going there. Ordered from Ruchi's in FiDi soon after throwing Tandoor Palace food out. Should of ordered from Ruchi's from the getgo; thought i'd try something new but fidi have lots of wannabe indian places that capitalize on poor white people who are unfamiliar with indian (Desi) food.
Ate here with my wife after meetings downtown. Prices were good for the neighborhood. We both had the vegetarian platter which let us choose three veggie dishes with rice or nan; I liked that I could sample three things that way.  I thought the atmosphere was fine for what it is.  The food was not great, however -- way too salty and the different dishes weren't easily distinguishable from each other.
I have never had chicken tikka without flavor until now. My favorite dish is chicken tikka masala, this is the worst I ever had. It was more like chicken soup than chicken tikka. First and last time I order delivery or eat here ever!!!!!!!
So I went there looking for a quick meal and a quick meal is what I found.The man behind the counter was very talkative and very nice in helping pick out items as I don't usually eat Indian food, although I know a few things that I've had before that i do like."Lunch box" special which was available all day for $7.50 - which is 1 portion or something vegetable, one portion of something meat and either rice or roti bread.  So i got Paneer (a spinach + cheese dish), and Chicken Tiki Marsala + Basmati Rice.  The rice and Chicken were good, though i'd liked to have had more chicken.  The Paneer, to me, had an interesting texture, and I think that was due to the fact that it was overly pureed.  It was more mushy and paste like than i'd like it to be, but then everyone has their own preferences, otherwise it wasn't bad.I also go the Vegetable Pankora.  These were very close to something like Japanese Vegetable Tempura, as they have it on the menu as "fritters".  Five Pieces for $2.50 (and the only reason why i got this was to bring my order to $10.00 so i could pay with Credit Card + $10 minimum for using Credit Cards) I got 2 fried hot peppers, a piece of Cauliflour, a piece of broccoli and something else i couldn't identify.  They were "meh" at best, as the actual vegetable was kind of mushy and somewhat oily.  The food overall was pretty decent, Chicken Tiki Marsala was a bit on the spicy side, but then again most indian foods are heavily spiced and will have a varying degree of spice.  I probably should have gone with something i knew for for side order like a samosa or something that i know i like, but a different restaurant, might as well try something different.    TL;DR - Lunch box special - $7.50, Decent food, but not amazing.  Portion sizes are Ok for guys (probably the right amount for girls)
*NOTE: I have not been here in years, but I lived a few blocks from this place in 2008 and have fond, fond memories. If it's still the same, they have GREAT FOOD!  Their malai kofta is THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!  BY FAR.  I DREAM OF IT.  WHENEVER I EAT MALAI KOFTA, I ALWAYS THINK BACK TO THE DAYS WHEN MY ROOMMATE AND I (BOTH PETITE GIRLS, 5'1 +4'11, AND THIN) WOULD DEVOUR THEIR MALAI KOFTA LIKE IT WAS THE BEST CRACK A GIRL COULD FIND BELOW 14TH STREET... Ah, I am moving to the city this summer again--- I will be back for a visit!  Let's see if you're still as good as I remember!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a big fan of Indian food and decided to have lunch here on a Friday afternoon. I'm usually open to even those places that may not look good from the outside. The food was cheap and unfortunately it also tasted cheap. I wasn't expecting much and guess this came at par with my expectations.In one short sentence - cheap food that tastes cheap and looks cheap. The owner was nice and accommodating so I guess 2 stars is the maximum I can give.
Amazing.  Top secret spot, located downtown.  Quality Indian food at an unbeatable price.  It's not fine dining ... but it's a great lunch!  You order two sides with a meat dish all for around $9.
I love this place because:- the food is already made and served cafeteria style so you get your indian fix fast- people here are very nice unlike some other fast food indian places (pakistani Teahouse, I'm looking at you)- I'm not indian nor have I been to India but have eaten enough indian to know this is pretty good food and their food has a nice hotness to it without the sugary sweetness of some other curries - large portions at inexpensive places. $11 will get you a generous portion of rice and curry and the have under $10 lunch specials too I used to eat here atleast once a week when I worked downtown and I try to stop and grab an order to go whenever  anywhere within 2 miles radius of here.  Recommended
I've walked by this place for years and never tried their food.  But when I found myself in need of lunch, craving something with kick, and with numerous errands to run in the Fulton/ William/ Nassau street area, I finally decided to stop in for carryout.  I ordered the Chicken Makhni which was hands down the blandest Indian food that I have ever tasted.   EVER.  Trader Joe's frozen version of Chicken Mahkuni seriously has more flavor than what I was served.  In hindsight, I should have recognized as a bad sign the fact that I was asked if I wanted "white or dark meat" when ordering.  I ordered both rice and naan with my meal and ended up paying $11 for the meat, rice and naan (the menu lists the Makhuni for $7.95 with rice or naan; there is no salad or other side offering included), so the extra naan was not cheap.  The counter area was so tight that I had to continually keep moving over for the kitchen/ delivery staff to walk by while also allowing the person ordering behind me some space.  After only 5 minutes I had such a headache that I just wanted to get the heck out of there.  I handed over $21 for my meal and only realized when I was outside that I did not get my change, which was admittedly my fault, but annoying all the same.  I will not be going back.
Fabulous spices, vegetarian options, and perfectly authentic Indian food.  The young lady at the counter quickly recognized us as walk-weary tourists and suggested we be seated for table service rather than order at the take-out line.  She immediately delivered a pitcher of cold water and our meal was served within minutes.
Ordered from here a few times via Seamless and it's a great option for easy Indian meals delivered within the hour.The samosa, channa masala, and chicken tikka masala were fantastic, especially when increasing the spice level. The rice and naan weren't the best, but I can't really expect them to be when I'm not dining in the restaurant itself.These are my go-to items for ordering and given my experience so far, I don't have to go anywhere else in the Financial District when I'm craving Indian!
It's not fine Indian food. It's more comparable to the Punjabi deli on the Lower East Side, though it's a cut above that. If a food truck had the resources to make this quantity of Indian food, this is what it would be like. Keep that in mind and don't expect Curry Hill fine dining.The best dishes I've had are the saag paneer, paneer kadai, dal makhni, dal tadka, curry cabbage, and shahi mushrooms. I've never even ventured to the meat side, but I imagine it's decent.If you're looking for more decently-priced, fast lunch options in the FiDi, Tandoor Palace is a great choice. If you're looking to go to an interesting hole-in-the-wall-type Indian joint for dinner, it's a good choice, too.The lunch combo - one heaping plate of rice (at least three times as much as I can eat without passing out from over-carbohydration) and two dishes - is the main attraction here. It will run you $7.10. Make sure you have a dime, because they never have change.
I live right above this place and sometimes, when I need my Indian food fix, I order from here. Out of the many times I have done so, I've almost ALWAYS ordered samosa chaat or papdi chaat. Each only costs 7 dollars (which, in my opinion, is pricey for chaat) but I can be sure that it will taste yummy because you can't really go wrong with it. However, everything else is really overpriced. I wanted some extra raita for my chaat and had to pay three dollars, I repeat, THREE DOLLARS for a small portion of watered down yogurt sauce. Also, I ordered ras malai and I got two very small (about the size of a quarter) portions of sweet cheese and barely enough milk. They're probably trying to get as much money out of their customers from Wall St, but forget that they are in a building full of college students =.=When I feel that their prices are more reasonable and give the rest of their menu a try, I shall update this post. For now, I will stick to my beloved chaats and minimal tip.
Tandoor Palace is an okay Indian place atop of Bennie's Thai on 88 Fulton that I tried yesterday for lunch.   They provide hearty portions though.  The 2 meat + 1 veggie combo w/ rice or naan is $9.95 + tax.  The Lamb Curry wasn't that good, the lamb itself was disappointing.  The Chicken Mahkni was decent and consisted of dark meat chicken.  For my veggie I chose an eggplant side.  They provide tap water, but you'll have to wait for a worker to come to your table to bring you a pitcher.
Delicious food, great for dinner.  The chicken is good white meat, but the highlight for me was the raita.  Better raita than any other North Indian restaurant I've been to in the city, which goes very good with some chicken biryani.
Great food. Delicious hot and HUGE naan. Super clean and nice restroom. Friendly staff.
Tikka masala (mild) is the thing to get here. The chicken was cooked well in all the dishes, especially the chicken vindaloo and the rice went perfectly with it. The naan was huge and delicious. The saag paneer also had a perfect amount of cheese in it. The delivery was right on time which made me happy (via Seamless). I am a big fan of samosas and personally was the only thing I did not like here - almost as if the oil they used to fry it in was not changed for a long time.
I agree definitely the best in the area.  The naan is at least warm when you get it, the samosas are made to order and REALLY good, and the food is not weird colors although a bit on the watery side, but very tasty.It's more of a order-out or order online type of place.  The restaurant itself is a newly renovated hole in the wall although the servers are very nice, but it's definitely not worth eating in.
Dined in here a few weeks ago and loved it! The best Indian food I have had since returning from India last summer. My friend and I ordered samosas, chicken vindaloo, saag paneer, and garlic naan. All were absolutely delicious and the vindaloo was perfectly spicy! I was a little wary at first and thought the place might be only take-out, but there is ample seating on the left-hand side of the restaurant and they gave great dine-in service. Brought cups and water pitcher to the table and all the food was hot and out to our table within 15 minutes. Very polite and friendly wait staff--I will definitely be coming back!!
The food is really watery and it is almost like eating soup with a hint of indian spices, if you want true indian food, rich with lots of flavor, this is not it. 3 stars because it is very cheap and the service is very good.
You know what they say, if you see the ethnic customers in an ethnic restaurant it must be good. They have a bunch of lunch options and daily specials and fast service.
Quick fix indian food during the busy lunch time in the Financial District area.Good: its cheap, quick and people helping you are nice!Bad: The place has too strong an indian food smell (They need to make it smell less like that, even though I personally welcome Indian Food smeels!)They take credit card only for order more than $10, which is normal NYC affair! :PI liked the similar natured(but smaller), Diwan-E-Khass near by better..but I do plan to keep going here as well!
The only place I'm willing to go for Indian on the island of Manhattan. Not *amazing* but pretty damn good, and the prices aren't bad either. What I really like is the dank, crappy dining room. Very no-nonsense.Seriously, it's good!
I love this place. I come here for lunch at least once a week. Chicken mahkni and spinach is the perfect combination. The chicken tikka masala is a bit dry. The other veggies are really good too, but I always end up getting the spinach anyways. It's a shame they changed from cheese cubes to potatoes...pretty upsetting I must say.The regular lunch box will run you exactly $7.10 with tax. I believe CC minimum is $10. Otherwise bring cash.
The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 star rating is because it can be a little inconsistent. That being said, it's normally delicious and not too expensive.  If I come across as a casual visitor, it's an act. I've eaten at Tandoor Palace approximately once a week for the past three years. The service couldn't be better, the very nicest employees who are always up to give you a recommendations, even if they know you're going to still get the Saag Paneer with rice. Definitely my favorite Indian place in the city.
Coriander chicken on Mondays and the best Naan in the city.
I was confused too (see reviews below), but I think the issue here is that the restaurant changed its name. It used to be Tandoor Palace yelp.com/biz/tandoor-pal…I ordered from Seamless Web the other day and got a chicken vindaloo, plain naan, and a samosa chat. The vindaloo was alarmingly red, but delicious; the samosa chat may be the most perfect dish ever created, an exotic take on disco fries. Recommended.
Great go-to place for Indian food in the financial district, especially the rotating daily specials.  Not as good for delivery as they only deliver menu items.  Solid place.
2.5 stars overall for this place? No way. I'm not going to tell you this is the best Indian food in the city, because it's not, but it's solid. I lived on Wall St., and now live in Chinatown - thankfully still within the seamless web delivery range for this place. There is nowhere in FiDi as good, and nowhere in Chinatown / LES as good. Lamb curry, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, basmati rice, poori, biryani - all excellent. It's all not-quite spicy enough...if you don't order it "hot" then it might disappoint, but other than that, no complaints.
Something is suspect about this place.  They have 206 reviews on Seamless Web averaging 4 stars, but not a single review on Yelp.  With such a high average, they are ostensibly among the best restaurants in the Financial District.  That is, after all, what misled me into placing a delivery order from their business.  I think an appropriate Yelp rating is about 2 stars for this place.  The quality of my lamb vindaloo and vegetable samosas was not the highest.  Comparing to Curry row lunch specials, this would come in at the lower end.  I can easily find better Indian places in the city almost at random.  My sauce wasn't nuanced and was surprisingly acidic.  The spiciness was a bit mild for my taste to boot.  My vegetable samosa, while large, was mostly potato.  Neither my girlfriend nor I responded to our dinners well.  We will not order from here again.
Inexpensive. But choices are so few and food not very tasty. Not to mention the boring and not so clean environment.
As the people who work in the financial district already know, it is sooo difficult to find a good place to eat down here that doesn't just serve salads or paninis. I ordered the chicken curry and the samosa chat through Seamless Web. The delivery was quick, food was still piping hot. I have to say, I am a big fan. The samosa chat had a great spice to it, and the chicken curry was just delish. Will definitely order from here agian and again to get my Indian fix.
Disgusting food!! Got the Executive lunch - 1 non-veg entree, 1 veg entree, rice and naan for 8$. Was the worst tasting, oliy Indian food Ive eaten in a loong time. The only good part of the meal was the fresh naan which is why i gave this place 1 star. and besides yelp doesnt let me submit a review w/o giving it 1 star :)
The chicken tikka masala was really delicious . Tandoori chicken was not so tasty. Service was really good and quick .. Reasonably priced ..
Ordered online and took forever to deliver, and when it arrived it wasn't worth the wait.
Ordered take-out from them a few times and it still tastes really good.  Quick fast Indian food.  I really liked the samosa chat, which cost $4-something at the place, but a few extra bucks online.  Also, they have a $8-something special with choice of two selections and a small side and it includes naan or rice (also did not see this option online, so haven't tried ordering through seamless).  Great food for reasonable price.
Don't let the fact this place is a little hidden away from the street fool you...it is yummmyyy!!!!!  They also have a lot of vegetarian and vegan options for lunch.  They're also nice folks.  Delicious food, average price for lunch is about $8-$10 I think...so you just can't go wrong.
Have I had better? Yes. Has it been in the financial district? Nope. Living right down the street, it is convenient to eat here so I may be biased - but the food is no frills delicious. I have no complaints, others have said "greasy" but what in NY isn't. If you are in FiDi, this is the only place to get Indian quick and cheap (that is soooooo gooood). Get the baigan bartha and chicken makhani.
I've had better. It was buffet style though. I usually go to E village to get Indian food. I had the chicken tikka masala with rice and nan. The service was great though.
Can not say whether it was good or bad..We ordered samosa and pakoda but these were showered with oil.
Definitely a hole in the wall. Friendly staff and one of the best chicken vindaloos I've had in a while.
This was my first time having Indian food. The food was good, I ordered chicken tikka masala with rice and naan. It was enough food for two meals. The woman was running around busily even though there weren't many of us in there. I felt a little rushed. I took my food to go even though they had a small dining area.
The food was okay and the prices are pretty cheap. But I am the type of girl who rather pay more for good quality food. The dining area is not a place where I would want to eat my food at. It feels dirty to me and once I found a fly in the pitchers of water. You get what you pay for.
Located on the 2FL above Bennie's  Thai. Watered down sauces but good flavor. Slim pickins in the area but beats Diwan E Khaas hands down. Not overpriced. Lunch Box Special for $6.50 gets you naan OR bread, 1 meat, 1 veggie. Executive Lunch Box Special for $7.95 gets you naan AND bread plus 1 meat, 1 veggie. They could've just put (+$1.45 for naan AND bread) IMO. Talk about embellishing. There is ample seating as it's never packed. The glass bottled drinks were good. The mango lassi was spectacular. Note: You'll have to ask staff to wipe down the steamy glass if you want to see the entrees before you order-Chicken Tikka Masala ($6.50) - I opted for naan, which was a huge pc of bread and freshly made to order, the chicken was white breast meat (only 4pcs) and totally white/dry in the middle, watered down tikka sauce was OK, opted for the saag paneer as my veggie, watered down also-Lychee bottled drink ($1.65) - 18% juice, yum, must try mango next time-Mango Lassi - well done, very tastyTotal came out to ~$7 after everything (minus drinks)
Wife and I went here for quick dinner. Ordered Lamb curry and Paratha...Paratha was like roti..Lamb curry was too salty...I am not sure if I will return back...
It's one of the handful of non-sandwich/soup/salad places in the area. It's decent. The prices are on par  with most eating establishments in the Financial District. They have a variety of lunch options, but it basically boils down to this: 2 sides with either rice or bread is under $10. It's essentially cafeteria style. You point to what you want and the staff glops it on a styrofoam plate for you. I got the vegetarian option: channa masala and mattar paneer. It was ok. Slight underwhelming, and a wee bit bland, but not disgusting by any means. They have pitchers of water in the beverage coolers that you can take (free of charge) back to your table. If you order nann and it's still in the oven, they will deliver it to you at your table. The service is bare minimum and to the point, so the line moves quickly. It's pretty average in all aspects, but it's a nice change of pace from all those boring sandwiches.
It has been few days since our first introduction and I can't wait for my 2nd date with TP:  yummi food at cheap price and fast delivery!I ordered their chicken and eggplant dishes with balsamic rice plus wheat bread and everything was delish.
Tried it for the first time and loved it. I'm just been getting into Indian food over past year or so and don't have a much to go by but the chick pea dish and chicken dish in the lunch special were awesome.   I have to start learning what I eat.
I had... *Chana Masala - excellent!*Dahl Makhni (sp?) - Probably the worst I've ever had, but it was still tasty (if that makes sense).*Piratha - excellent!*Kheer - excellent!*Chai - excellent!The place is very clean staff was insanely friendly and accommodating. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because it's not mind blowing food. It's simply very good for for very little.
yumm! Been going to Tandoor Palace for the past 2 years since I live down the block. Their food is tasty and has a good quality. The cashier there is really friendly...sometimes gives me free raita and rotis!!! I guess being a girl pays off :)
Good indian food at a great price.  Sometimes food in NYC is so expensive that it's good to find reasonably priced places.  $8 gets you rice, naan, a vegetable dish, and a meat dish.  There is a ton of seating inside so it's a fine place to take a group, you'll always be able to find a table.
My friend and I  ate here for lunch today and the food here was really really good! I had the combo that included rice, a vegetable and a meat. I tried the pees with potatos (don't remember the name for it), and the tiki masala, and we ordered some nan. The Tiki Masala was soooo good! The flavor was through the entire pieces of chicken and was not dry inside. The nan was made to order and hot. This place was nothing fancy just a fast food style of indian cuisine with a not so great dining room on the side. I would definetly return! :)
Fuck! They sneakily put cream into the baigan bharta! And I threw up! A lot!I'd knock them down a peg except everything still tasted good, but man, I'm pissed. Their baigan bharta was my favorite, and now I can never eat it again. Way to drive away a faithful customer, Tandoor Palace.
Best indian EVER! Could be a little bit less spicy and a tiny bit cheaper. Anyway great value and great taste, I love their Naan.
I have to admit: sometimes, my taste buds are not exactly scientific nor bias-proof.  You blindfold and test me in some tasting evaluation, I'll fail about 43% of the time - supposing that we are using a simple pass/fail grading system which is absolute and undebatable - even if I come to you with my eyes full of evian and the corners of my mouth stretched to touch the bottom of my jaws, asking for an overall passing mark.  So, since we got that fact out of the way - which I'm only 73% comfortable with - I quite enjoyed Tandoor Palace Incorporated.  When I used to work down there it was one of the places on my lunch rotation (along with Dante's for pizza and salad, L&L for deep fried things, Fulton Chef for Chinese, this one place for falafel, Ichi Ni San for Korean/Japanese, and Seh Ja Meh for Korean).Their lunch buffet is a steal, if you get the notion to see if you can maximize your dollars by maxing out your stomach.  Their non-buffet gives you more choices and possibly better food, overall, and I particularly enjoyed the . . . well, the name's completely escaped me, but it's maybe roti or something wrapped around some really spicy potatoes (if anyone knows, please pass on the knowledge, since I just spent nearly four minutes trying to find it online).Critical Update: Dosa, it was. Great name for a great little food.
Decent, cheap, fast. Went there for take out at 2:00 and didn't have to wait in a line, something I had grown to think was an inevitability in the financial district.  Just went up and ordered, $7 gets you 2 entrees and either rice or nann.  I went with the rice, ctm (chicken tikka masala), and spinach.  Nothing blew me away and it was warm and a little bland, but im partial to super hot Indian food.If your either craving Indian food or don't want to wait in a horrendous line check it out.
I love this place. Great buffet lunch. The owner's pretty nice, too--sometimes gives free naan. Not the best dining atmosphere, but it is good enough for an quick afternoon meal.
Something in me had me look up, and I was drawn to this little out of the way place.  I do try to follow the Spirit, Universe, Instinct, God part of me.  I was lead up a small flight of steps to this nice place.  The service and people were so friendly.  I got my food to go, but you can eat in.Oh my!! Such flavors to dance on the tongue.  I got a combo platter, balsamic rice, curry chicken, ground meat and peas, and spinach w/potatoes.  Then a piece of the homemade bread.  It was a cacophony of sensuous sensations in my mouth.  I don't know what is better, good food, or good sex.  I know I do love food. I love the other also, but this food was an orgasmic climax for my taste buds.  I was truly satisfied.  I can't say that about all sexual experiences.  Ha Ha.By all means if you are in lower Manhattan, go check them out.  Right across from Strand book store.
cheap. good food. Loved the saag paneer. The staff was very friendly and helpful.
i've lived in nyc for 10 years and i've spent 8 of them as a patron of tandoor palace, which - hands down- has the best indian food i have ever tasted in manhattan. it's a "hole in the wall" and hidden, but it's amazing. they have great service if you eat in. the food is consistently good. it's cheap. you really can't go wrong.
ohhh my stomach...HALP!!   and what Jim said.
I come all the way from suffern to eat  pakoras (so delish) and vegetarian entree (all of them) biryani is great! cheap cheap c heap! when the other reviewer said the food was watered down, that kinda turned me off.  :(
Here's a place for decent takeout and it's cheap cheap cheap.  The food is okay but nothing to rave about.  For the price, though, it's a great deal.  If you're craving Indian food and don't want to spend a lot of money, Tandoor Palace might be a good choice.
I got delivery from here last night, and I have to say that the food was so-so, but the portion size was horrendous.  The channa masala and bhindi masala came in the plastic soup container, except that they were miniature version of the what you would get with soup.  And it wasn't even filled up.  Entrees were cheap, spent $15 on the two entrees, but had to order more since we were still hungry.  Food isn't bad, just nothing to write home about.  Would've maybe gotten 3 stars if not for the portion size.
I tried this place out for lunch today and I don't think I would order again.  First of all, the order took an hour and twenty minutes to arrive, which is just too long when the restaurant quoted a 15-30 minute delivery time.  When the food arrived, it wasn't hot anymore -- not a surprise given how long it was in transit.  Also, it just wasn't impressive.  I ordered the chana masala and the plain naan -- a bit too salty and not memorable (at least not in a good way).
I asked for Tikka massala and it was done just right.  The chicken was also good.  Saag Alu was nice.  Samosa good.  Very impressed. I'm glad to know there is a quality Indian down here on the weekends. . .
The food here is terrible. Don't  believe the good reviews. Any person who posts a good review clearly doesn't know good indian food. The food here is oily and watery and lacks the flavors of good indian.   I ordered navratan korma for delivery and clearly got something else. Instead i got some overcooked frozen veggies (carrots, peas, and broccoli- didn't know broccoli is in korma??) without fruits, nuts, or cheese (paneer) in the sauce, or even the cream! Isn't cream the main ingredient??? It tasted like bad curry and lacked flavor and body. It was a watery mess that I couldn't get past one bite.  Even the tamarind sauce was watery!!! I also ordered saag paneer that looked doo doo brown. Do not eat here!!!  It is a disgrace to indian food! This place should not be in business. Worst Indian I've had in NYC by far.
The best indian food in downtown manhattan , so far ! the prices is very resonable for anyone and the guy is so friendly that anyone who enter that resturant he make try. I m pretty sure they liked it. Highly Recommend .
They've got good Indian food, located above Bennie's and across from Strand's bookstore. A convenient place for those who are in the Fulton Street Area.
I am giving this review 5 stars just for the papri chat - AMAZING!! Best dish they offer and really reasonably priced.
very good take out deal: $7 for one meat, one veg and rice. for a little more, you get naan and maybe another meat and/or veg. this is winner for relatively cheap and good indian food. definitely not a fine dining indian place, but their food is good. recommended for a good indian lunch in nyc's financial district. it's best to get it to go.
I ordered lunch from this place.  I had the chicken tikka masala which is a local favorite of mine in the South Richmond Hill and there is absolutely no comparison!  This food is mediocre to say the least!!! The white chunks of meat taste bland and stale and the sauce which is supposed to be thick and creamy was watered down and tasteless!  The chicken taste as if it had been cooked and just thrown into the sauce!  I would not recommend this place to anyone!
