Ordered lamb vindaloo again with the highest level of spice.   This time I was much happier.   Last time I complained it wasn't spicy at all.  But this time it was spicy not to the point you would be hurting.  The other spices went well with the spiciness and as always their lamb was tender and flavorful.   I'll be ordering from here now on unless they lower the spicy  level agaib
This review is solely for takeout. I've ordered twice from here through grubhub. The first time was yesterday and my fiancé ordered his favorite dish, chicken tikka masala, garlic nan, and cheese and tomato nan. He loved it so much, he requested for more today. So together we both ordered from Punjabi Indian & American Restaurant. Food is decent and delivery is solid. No complaints here. Like indian food? Try this place.
This place rocks! We have never been there but order delivery at least once a week. After seeing what the place looks like from the pictures... Please don't judge this place by the size. Punjabi definitely belongs on an episode of DDD! Amazing food, great prices, fast delivery and great customer service. But ultimately it's about the food and it's seriously to die for!Absolutely recommend. We haven't had one bad thing on the menu.
Have been craving authentic Indian food for the longest time, and these guys did not disappoint. Had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Vindaloo....soooo DAMN spicy but soooooo DAMN good! Sides of Vegetable Samosas, Baingan Bhartha, Aloo Gobhi, Dal Makhani, Basmati Rice and warm pillowy Nan bread bring the entire meal together. If you're not familiar with Indian food I recommend asking for dishes to be prepared on the mild side as the strong spices and flavors can be a bit overwhelming for first timers, however I'm a huge fan of spice so this was right up my alley.Belly is all warm and just the right amount of full. I swear these spices have some kind of calming effect on the body...I just wanna lay here and close my eyes for a min...zzzzzzz
Food is great tasting, the only turn off is an older lady in her late 40's there not sure if she's the owner or works there but she's has a very bad attitude always looks angry..that will turn away customers is an instant...people skills goes a long way in the restaurant business.
Found hair in my food!!!! Very unsanitary don't be fooled by pictures! Workers are nice but the food looks unsanitary in person. Would definitely not recommend to anyone.
I probably order food from here every week. I've never been to the actual place but the delivery is solid. They are on seamless and the only one worth ordering from after 9 pm in my neighborhood. I usually get one of the lentil entrees and the lamb or chicken curry. I always get an extra order of naan too. I think the okra could be done better and the garlic naan too, but brownie points for often having diet raspberry snapple. Even more brownie points for the consistent service and fast delivery.
My first impression was that I wouldn't expect much from this tiny outdated deli grocery store to have any decent food at all. But i was wrong! This place served me an incredible meal that is so impressive that it out beats all the full sized Indian restaurants in Queens. The menu has a variety of food; hot breakfast, sandwiches , pizzas and pastas. But I come here for the Indian foods. The chicken vindaloo is amazing ! I asked for the spicy one and it's so flavorful; the coconut milk, the tomato sauce, the chilies, Indian spices and the fresh ingredients that puts everything together that gives you this amazing dish. The meat samosa, It is made fresh on premise and the difference is in the fresh ingredients; the meat fillings. It is light and crunchy. For me, I would have like it to have a little more seasoning. Dip it with the tamarind sauce and cilantro sauce and it's all good.
I've ordered from this place multiple times now, and it has been absolutely delicious every time. My roommates and I always order the chicken tikka masala with rice and I have yet to have better anywhere else. It's spiced perfectly, always flavorful, and somehow it's always hot when it's delivered. Another plus: super inexpensive! Absolutely love this place! Definitely give it a try!
Inexpensive and quick indian food fix.  Not great, not bad.  But hey, if you like better indian food, there is one in Bell Blvd (pretty good)...too far/too pricey for me, and a lot in long island...also too far for me..sometimes ;p.Other indian place around flushing sucks...imo.
This is officially my 2nd fave Indian restaurant. The only reason it's not first is cause my fave one has a better ambiance. However, if you're looking for really good, flavorful and inexpensive indian food, this is the place.I brought my son with me whom is one of the pickiest eaters on the planet and even he loved it. Also, it was his first time trying Indian food.We had Garlic Naan, Veg and Meat Samosa, Chicken Tikka Massala and I think the other one was just Chicken Tikka (grilled chicken). Every single item was good. The chicken tikka massala was very flavorful and the garlic Naan was very cripy and soft at the same time. As for the service, the lady seemed like she was in a bad mood, because she walked away after taking our food orther, but hadn't asked us if we wanted drinks. The other employees there were very attentive and somewhat took over, so I'll let it slide this 1 time ONLY. There was no one there, but a lot of people were coming in for take out orders.Overall, I'm happy and this is the closest good indian food I have. If anything, I'm mad they don't deliver to my house BUT it is a bit out of the way.
Definitely a place worth going to. The prices are good and the food even better. They ask you of you want your food mild or spicy,  and the mild is actually mild. You would never think this place has really good food just by its appearance. They have amazing samosa...chana masala....and their spinach!! love. I just love this place. Do not judge a place by their exterior. I almost missed out on this great spot bc of the appearance....lesson learned.
I thought this was a deli. And yet I've been back twice for their home-cooked Indian food. When walking into, don't be tempted by the menus lit in neon light (I can't vouch for that food either way). Instead, sit at the tables and order off the menus taped under the glass. You will be treated to delightful Indian food for a very reasonable price.
Very fast delivery and the delivery guy was nice. Reasonable prices and the food was pretty good. I got the chicken tikka masala with naan and it was really spicy but delicious. The naan was crispy and flavorful. I will recommend this place.
Not sure why I haven't raved about this place yet.... But dear god why is their CTM so delicious? Most favorite Indian place, even if its a weird hole in the wall that serves pizza and is a deli too... Anyways nothing compares and i havent had a reason to look any where else. Got their # saved in my phone like its my job.I liked their tandoori chicken too but prefer CTM just bc its saucey. Get that rice on the side so you can order the garlic naan too. oh! samosa chat is also great and super filling! Man what isnt wonderful from here. One entree thing is enough for 2 people. PS. Thanks for delivering to STJ all the time  .. 6 years! Even though you're kinda slow and sometimes make me search for your vehicle, 40 minutes wait well worth it.
We order delivery from here all the time. Everything we've had was good. Saag, vindaloo, vegetable punjabi, okra, naan, tikka masala, biryani, basmati - all totally delicious. Samosas are delicious too. Highly recommended.
Food is good. Portion is small. Service is okay...as long as you dont get the old lady. Usually get to go or eat there.
Holy Flavor Explosion!!This is by far the best Indian food I've had in New York! Love how the place is a hole-in-the-wall. Definitely a mom & pops shop. Food is fast, FRESH, hot and full of flavor!!For $22 we got:-Garlic Naan *super yumny! -Chicken Tikka Masala-Mixed Vegetable Curry-Rice-Raita-Can of sodaHusband & I will be back! Our new go-to spot for Indian!
They have vegetarian options, and I got the "mixed vegetables," which is in curry, along with naan. I also got vegetable samosas. The curry's spiciness was perfect for me at medium, and all of the food tasted amazing. The two sauces that came with the samosas were flavorful. Also, there was man kind enough to explain to me how to eat the naan and curry properly.
Had a craving for North indian food and me and my friend decided to give this new place on Yelp a try. I am so happy to report it was delicious! We ordered Saag Panner, Dal and Panner Makhani - it was all excellent! And they were every nice. We order ahead of time and unfortunately got delayed. They were so super awesome and patient! I may order from them again tonight! HIGHLY recommend them both for their food and service!
I order from here atleast once a week. The food is always top notch and consistent. It isnt a pretty place but the food is as good as the place is ugly. The korma is perfect for an anglo/american tongue not normally used to the heady display of spices being used in this closet of a "deli". I have eaten at Haveli, Tandoor, Balucci's, Agra and Jackson Diner all in Queens N.Y. and I have to say that those places just didnt seem to get the flavors right. they were all "good" but for some reason I like this place better. Maybe its because it was my first Indian spot?
Authentic. Fresh. Delicious. A local gem!Excellent affordable indian food? Yes please!Good portions, and big selection.Don't be a snob and be put off by the fact that it's really literally a bodega/deli. It is owned and operated by folks who take pride in their food. We loved the Saag Paneer (so much delicious cheese!) and Chicken Vindaloo. Will definitely be frequenting this place!
Dinner priced portions are way undersized for the price of $12.00 for the Shrimp Vindaloo.I've had much bigger portions in the city with also a side of the house salad, rice and soda for the same price.
I am sorry this restaurant does not deliver to my area anymore. The food was very good and it was the only way to get Indian food delivered.
Ordered delivery from these guys and it came within a reasonable time. The samosas were amazing. The little desert ball things are bangin too. And the meal itself (i got curry lamb and a meat sample platter with garlic naan and basmati rice) was incredible. 5 stars for sure
Just ordered to go from this place, & I must say I'm impressed. Much better than the Indian food restaurant by my house. This is going to be my new spot! Being a vegetarian isn't easy, so flavor is very very important. I had the chicken tikka masala dish (no chicken but with Paneer) I forgot what the name of it was. With basmati rice. Both things were super delicious. The man on the phone asked if I wanted it spicy, I said yes medium please- which was awesome because I never had that option from the other place that was close to me. I also had a garlic butter naan with an order of vegetable samosas. The Naan was a little soggy & dry- I guess because it was hot & in tin foil, but it's not their fault. It's better right out of the oven. The vegetable samosas where good as well. Thanks for your speedy delivery guys! Will be ordering again!
I'm addicted to their delivery and their butter chicken.  Love that they give you options on how spicy you want your dish.  Their delivery is excellent.  There was one point where I was in disbelief; they delivered my meal in 15 minutes.  The food always comes hot (not luke warm) how I like it.  And it's always a plus finding a restaurant that makes butter chicken.  I noticed not too many restaurants have this dish.  If you haven't, you should definitely give it a try.
On time delivery, ordered through grubhub. Food was bland ordered butter chicken and goat bryani. Way to americanized
Really love this place.  Had their Chicken Korma and nothing has compared since.  I'm always chasing that high.  I live out in Bohemia and will always order some Chicken Korma to take home with me.  Rice and naan are amazing as well.  My friends say Tandoori Chicken, Tikka Masala, and Saag Pander are also amazing.
Great tasting food, good portions, fresh, and decently priced, what more could you want? Lol
I order through seamless - it's delicious food every time.  I recommend the butter chicken, chicken tikka, vegetable biryani, the eggplant, spinach and chick peas...okay, pretty much everything here is delicious!  I also love the naan and the mango lassi and the raises desserts are good too - all 3 of the desserts are delicious.
Their chicken curries are some of the best in the area. I prefer the Chicken Korma specifically. The sauce has a rich, creamy, yet nutty flavor. The chicken is always boneless and tender. Their appetizers are not that good, and the lamb/goat varieties are not as tender, but I still order from this place just for the chicken.
I always order delivery from this restaurant! Always comes within 45mins and the food is amazing. I believe other Indian restaurants make their dishes"sweeter",maybe to suit everyone's tastebuds? But this restaurant tastes most authentic to me.
Good prices. The menu has a huge variety from pizza, to pasta, to Indian. Chicken tikka masala is to die for. Only $10 comes with rice or nan. Their nan is so good with the sauce. Delivery took abit longer than expected but pick up is quick. Tried a couple of the other things that were pretty good but I think their Indian is the best
Accidentally, found this spot on Grub Hub, can't stop ordering from them! I live 2 blocks from this place and I never knew they served Indian food. Going past here, looks like a regular deli/food place...it's absolutely a "hidden gem". Their Indian food is cooked perfectly. My favorite is the butter chicken and I get it spicy, it's addicting. I order from here at least once or twice a week. Their garlic naan and onion kulcha is awesome. The food portions are large enough, to stretch it into several meals. The price is more than reasonable for the amount of food you get. If you frequent Indian restaurants, you know the portions are tiny and the food isn't guaranteed to be good. This place has both, quality and quantity. Their delivery guy even calls you to let you know he's there. Try the Fish Pakura, the batter is deliciously seasoned and fried to perfection!Lunch menu has hamburgers, gyro, pizza and pasta dishes. This place can do it all.
So this is the kind of place that makes my heart skip a beat.  You can get chips, cheap beer, bologna sandwiches and awesome awesome awesome Punjabi food.  I especially loved the breads and now I can't remember the fish appetizer.  Sort of like a friend fish (I would guess tilapia) in a perfect batter with amazing amazing spice.  Not spicy just true flavor.  We also had a a chana masla thing, that was awesome.  This place feels random/ it is a deli/ bodega but really the food is awesome.  A must for any Queens food tour.
Delicious! Excellent palak, bhindi masala & veg biryani (best!). Reasonable prices & good portions. Ordering is easy on seamless & you can choose your spice level (although often it just comes spicy even if you requested mild but still delicious). Delivery is friendly & easy.  I'm a fan! :)
I ordered delivery during a particularly cold and dreary day via GrubHub. The food came 20 mins earlier than GrubHub said it would which is a plus. It was also still warm which is an even bigger plus after some experiences with cold delivery food.The food itself was pretty good. I'm not a connoisseur of Indian food by any means, so I don't know how to judge it besides my own taste preference. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (I know, the most adventurous choice on the menu, right?). It had a little too many spices in my opinion but was still good. The portions were large. It's probably going to last me three meals. The only thing that I thought was weird about this place was how when you ordered, you were given a choice between rice and naan. So i got it with rice and a side of naan. It was only a little extra, i suppose. Solid 4 stars.
Soooo happy to have a good Indian place on Seamless! I had the Chicken Tikka Spinach, which was basically chunks of Chicken Tikka in a spinach curry. Delish! Their basmati rice is perfect, as is their garlic naan! Delivery is a little long, but they are 2.5 miles away from where I live, so I have to not be too hungry when I place my order. I'm eager to try some their other curries soon! I have enough leftover for another meal, and I can't wait to get to it!
Food is between great and decent. Called in for pickup and estimated time is on point. They have a lot of american sandwiches as well, which is a plus. Eating space inside is a bit small, though I'm not sure if there are any additional tables in the back. Parking is horrendous just like a typical commercial flushing area. The one who took my order is less enthusiastic than she should. Nevertheless, this is definitely a superb addition if you're craving for something different.
Food was good but service was disappointing.  Delivery guy wouldn't deliver to office so I had to carry upstairs. And he showed up half hour late.  It was for a business lunch and he could care less.  Had the gall to back talk me and not even apologize.  They clearly don't need the business and won't be getting any from me or others I work with.
Garbage. My vegetable biryani had two small pieces of plastic mixed in the rice and a bit of sand in one area that I ignored and swallowed without thinking because I was so hungry (spat out the plastic though) SO GROSS! Not only that, if tasted nothing like the biryani I order from the authentic Indian restaurants in Jackson heights. This looked like fried rice but with a bland flavor of curry powder and overcooked stale rice that had chunks stuck together. My favourite Indian dessert is rasmalai and I was so disappointed to find that their rasmalai is watery, sour and icy,which means it was frozen. I've never been disappointed with Indian food and I'm sad to say this is the first Restaurant I've ordered from that tasted horrible with even worse food conditions.
I came here based on Yelp's review. It's a grocery / eatery for pizza and Indian food. There are only limited seatings and the place is set up more as a takeout place. I tried the platter. It came with some Samosa, grilled chicken and Tandoori chicken and sausage. While I really enjoy the green sauce that came with it, I thought the dish is kind of pricey for it's portion. For a tiny place like this, they should be more generous. There was no table service, I was not served with drink, not even a glass of water.
No Joke, the food here is amazing! I've ordered twice in a week from seamless web. Chicken tikka is cooked perfect, juicy. Tikka nan is delicious. Vege Samosas are perfect, not oily, full of flavor. Best part of eating here.....as a non indian I have been skeptical eating at indian places because of a fear of stomach issues through the night. This place causes no issue! You can taste the premium ingredients used in each bite.This place is a must for all food lovers!
We frequently order from here on grub hub and it's taken at least 2 hours for us to receive our food, twice now. Food is decent, but needs better service.
Yeah, I love this place.  They deliver really quickly, and the food us great.  I've only ordered Indian dishes here, but apparently they also have pizza/deli/burgers/breakfast and such.  Bhindi masala is my go-to here.  And the samosas.  I've turned several people at work on to Indian food by passing out their samosas.  :)
This place is no longer closed was just undergoing renovations. But the food here is AMAZING. It's a simple local deli style type restaurant that is easy on the pockets. Very reasonably priced food and has Indian cuisine as well as pizza/burgers you get the idea. The butter chicken and samosas I had along with my chai were all great. I'm going to have to go back because I really love it here.
Price should be $$. One dish per person and a shared app will push it over the $10 per person mark. Not saying it's overpriced or isn't worth every penny! Just want people to be aware that the pricing is not much cheaper than many affordable sit down Indian restaurants with full table service.
I ordered from this place plenty of times and there service was good. But eventually the quality of the food started to decline. I would order rice with my meals and they would not bring any and when I'd called the lady was super rude and gave me a one hour wait time to receive the rice I paid for. The last time I ordered from here I ordered the yellow dahl. When the food got to my house they forgot the rice yet again and gave me what seemed like a tub of melted butter. There was no kind of split peas or vegetables, just melted butter. It was so disgusting. When I called to complain the same lady answered and said that is what I ordered and hung up on me! I am never ordering from this place again. They do not care about providing good customer service or edible food. I would give zero stars if I could.
This was such a horrible experience. I am never ordering from this place again. The food was super spicy and the customer service is horrible. The man who deleivered my food became aggresive and did not give me naan with the food but took the money!!! I will never order from here again
Damn 3 days living at Flushing Hospital and finally a good meal. Quick delivery. Delicious samosas, naan, and chicken tikka masala. Mouth is still watering and stomach is warm. Awesome place.
Came here for take out one day.  Got the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Veggie Korma with nan and rice.  Price is average.  I wouldn't say too high or low.  As some reviews stated before a dish is about $8-11 on average and an appetizer is probably $6-8 so if two people get 2 entrees and an appetizer to share it would probably cost over $10 per person.  Take out service is quick and painless.  Parking is not much of a problem in that area.  In addition, the wait time for food is speedy.  About 10-15 minutes for take out.  The portions I wouldn't say is specifically generous -- average I'd say.  Taste wise is average also.  However, its a great spot around the neighborhood for a quick grab.  They also serve pizza and pasta there so they've got variety!
What a find. This place looks like you're typical neighborhood bodega from the outside but the food is excellent. Some of the best Dahl I've had and the nan is deliciously fresh and buttery.
terrible awful! i will support any kitchen that puts out authentic fresh food but this place is exactly what it seems as soon as u walk in.  i ordered some curries and all i heard was the microwave going off. they are more of a bodega who happens to havd pizza ovens and such for reheating. but they def do not cook anything. at least if they made batches of good indian food and due to lack of volume they reheated.. id be ok w it. but the curries i paid for were just spiced sauce that tasted like canned campells tomato soup! i was shocked to see they try to sell pizza. my guess is, is that they freeze pizza pies and thaws slices to order.
I love this place! I've had Indian from other places and the chicken tikka masala does not compare. It's so delicious and I love it spicy so I ask for extra spicy! Everything else is kind of like meh regular deli type flavors besides the Indian food.
Great Vegetarian Dishes! I frequent this place renewing my Certs at NYQH. being vegetarian its hard finding places with a  decent selection. This definitely fits the bill.
My favorite spot for take out. Hands down one of the best indian dishes I had are from this hidden gem. I highly recommend chana marsala, chicken tikka saag and the samosas!
I've only ordered from here but the samosa chaat is so good, along with every thing else! Pricing is very reasonable... large portions.
I loved this place I ordered paneer Makani and malai kofta the food was really delicious.
An enormous menu with authentic home-cooked cuisine. They have outstanding customer service. We walked in not realizing they were in the process of closing, and they urged us to come in and sit down even though the chairs were already up, they fired their grill back up and cooked everything we ordered fresh rather than giving us scraps or left-overs. The food was great, the nan was soft and delicious, and they have at least 10 other types of bread. I can't wait to go back and try something new. A neighbor told me their curry is worth a try.
Based on a prior take-out, I ordered for a family dinner. Victim to whatever portions they decide to include. Not much meat. Sauces were fine but Vindaloo was regularly spiced.  Felt cheated. Buyer beware.
I first learned about this place years ago when I attended CUNY Law School when it was still on Main Street (now it's in LIC).  We used to order from this place all the time. A few months ago, my husband and I were driving around looking for a good Indian restaurant in the area and happened to end up here. At first, I wasn't sure if it was the same restaurant I used to order from when I was in school. However, after having the food I felt the nostalgia of my law school days and  since then I cannot eat Indian food anywhere else.  I LOVE their butter chicken with the chicken tikka masala as a close second.  My husband loves the lamb vindaloo and I have to say that although it is very spicy it is extremely tasty.  I am so happy that they deliver and you can find them on seamless now. I have never ever written a review for a delivery place, but I thought that I should let people know that this place is amazing and so affordable.  No other place seems to compare in their cooking.  However, I wish that it wouldn't take so long for delivery, but I think it's because we live far in flushing (near Union Tpk) so beggars can't be choosers.  I am just happy that they deliver at all. Please don't change your cooks or get too expensive!!
I've ordered delivery from Punjabi four times now, and I really love it.  I had never had Indian food before the first time I ordered from here.  Now my 'usual' is butter chicken with rice and garlic naan.  So I'd recommend that to someone not that familiar with Indian food, because it's straight up AMAZING.  They have a few flavors of naan, and other types of bread too.  The butter chicken is AWESOME, and I love their rice.  That is seriously the best rice I've ever had.  I've only ever had the butter chicken and chicken tikka masala, and they are both super delicious.
I have ordered from Punjabi a couple of times and the food is pretty good .I usually order chicken masala  and butter chicken with plain nan and tamarind sauce.However the service is really poor the phone attendants are always really rude and seem to have an attitude ,also be aware that the it can take up to an hour for delivery .Good food but poor service ,seeking a new spot for great Indian takeout in the area.
