This place used to have decent food, but lately, their servings shrunk and their dishes lack the flavor we were used to.The worst thing about this place is their statue of a waitress. She has a mean look chiseled on her face. She lacks manners and surely does not want to be there. And if you try to confront her, she'll come up with a mean reply. Apparently she does not realize that her tip relies on a friendly and helpful service. If you want your food come on time, or appetizers appear before your main dish, you're in the wrong place. This place needs to fire their staff and start new before thinking of a comeback.I'm sure other restaurants don't need this advice and want my business more.Thank you mean waitress!
there are many excellent sri lanken restaurants in this area. dosa garden is our favorite. they have a wide selection of dosa, freshly made naan and indian entrees. the khoruma and masala dishes are tasty.
A friend recommended the place because she saw that it received good reviews on Yelp for vegetarian food. I have eaten too much Indian food lately so I was happy to see they offer Sri Lankan food. Unfortunately, there were only a few vegetarian Sri Lankan options to chose from. I got excited that there was an "Indo Chinese" section, as I've heard Indian Chinese food is incredible. Unfortunately, the only veg option in this section was veggie fried rice, which the server confirmed isn't particulalrly interesting or Indian-influenced.My friend and I went with the nut-filled naan, which was so-so. It was definitely harder then usual naan, which is perhaps because of how the nuts affect the cooking process. We found the taste to be a bit bland. It would benefit greatly from a sauce, but since the bread was slightly sweet, it wouldn't be appropriate to douse it with some of the usual Indian chutneys. We also went with one of the Sri Lankan appetizers called "string hoppers" or something like that. They were rice noodle cakes with various sauce toppings like tomato, and two coconut toppings. For $5, you get a TON of food. Very different from anything I've ever had and I enjoyed it.
Delivery - food was right on time from seamless app. What was supposed to be hot, was hot. What was supposed to be cold was cold.The food was the best delivery so far in Staten Island.
They really need to do something about their unsmiling waitress and her attitude. Also, Friday night, we're the only ones in the place and it takes 35 minutes to get our appetizers??? When we ask why, the unsmiling waitress tells us rudely that they are busy with take-out orders. They appear to recycle the same curry in appetizers and every other dish. We gave this place three tries and we're done with them.
We should have listened. At our previous stop on our afternoon-long food tour through Staten Island's Sri Lankan food scene, the proprietor had a question for us. ""Who do you go to these other places?" she said, playing with us. "Why not just eat here?"She reserved some particular scorn for the place across the street, Dosa Garden. She squinted her eyes when we mentioned this was going to be our next step, unwilling to actively denigrate their competition but clearly not a fan of her neighbor.Dosa Garden wound up being the one dud of our trip, featuring too similar dishes that were in many cases just slight revisions of what's served in Southern India. I suppose that shouldn't too surprising considering the overlong, too ambitious menu covered not only The Pearl of the Indian Ocean but the southern half of the subcontinent as well, along with some Indo-American favorites like the tandoor. (This is the food of Punjab, nearly 2,000 miles away from Columbo.)We were here to sample their Sri Lankan cuisine, which meant sticking to a few dishes on the side of one page of the menu. We went with pitta and idiyappum (widely known as string hoppers on the Island), along with a kothu roti and idly. Our waiter took the order without comment, although in hindsight I wish he'd warned us about the incredible volume of samber and chutneys that would come on the side of nearly every one of these creations. There was something I called the 'reverse McNugget problem' far too many sauces for the amount of food to pair them with. Despite the different names, there was a sameness to the fried or steam lentil creations that popped out of the kitchen. It all seemed cut from the same masala, various shaped and sized receptacles for an identical flavor. The kittu was fine, although not up to the level of what's being prepared across the street. Dosa Garden loses more points for its dated, too-stuffy atmosphere. Whereas New Asha has the feeling of a community center, Dosa Garden is stuck in the Raj, with faux-fancy directions and incredible stillness. We saw no other customers or heard any foreign sounds during our hours in the place. By trying to please too many audiences - South Indians, Sri Lankans, white Staten Islanders in the mood for something vaguely 'spicy' - Dosa Garden serves nobody particularly well.
Dosa is consistently good. We try and order from there once a month.  The Biriyani is a must try also chicken korma or tikka masala. Wish they had lentil or Dahl makhani back on the menu.  Had it once and it was so good. The sauces are all delicious!!
First, let me start off with this: I love dosas. Its my favorite cuisine from India.I came in on a Tuesday afternoon and was the only one in there. I had the idly vada appetizer which was pretty good. Unfortunately, the coconut chutney and soup it came with was pretty sad. The coconut had a hint of freezer burnt in it, and the soup wasn't that flavorful. The dosa was pretty bad. Instead of a crispy lentil rice shell, it was soggy and greasy. It also looked really unappetizing, like a melted face. Not like the kind of face melting you'd experience from seeing a brutal death metal band like Suffocation, no, it looked straight up like 80s Pushead art. The service was pretty poor. I had to keep asking for water.If you're in a bad pinch for vegetarian food, I'd stick with the appetizers. If you really want south Indian food, take the ferry, get on the 6, and go to 28th and Lexington.
I first visited Dosa Garden after two days of brutal insomnia. Upon entering, I was greeted with a cool burst of air conditioning, dim lighting, and a friendly waiter. After a few minutes of deliberation, I ordered the non-veg lunch special ($15) - two meat curries (mutton & chicken) as well as a plethora of vegetarian delights, including chickpeas and a delicious spinach item. Three quarters of the way through this heaping tray of delicacies, the waiter brought two soups (both complex and light), and a small desert consisting of a rice ball immersed in honey. Stop thinking about where you're going to eat - go to the Dosa garden before 3pm, get the lunch special, and then take a nap.
Remind self to come back here if ever in Staten Island. Best masala dosas ever. Crispy, thin crepe with potatoes. Complete with mango lassis, of course. They  had me drinking glasses of water after water. I loved everything we ordered. They also have my lamb biryani! Baaa. Our food took up the entire table.
After dating a non-vegan from Staten Island, I decided to bookmark every place that had decent vegetarian/vegan options. Most of the places were Chinese, Indian or Sri Lankan. I have to agree with the some of the other reviews and say the decor wasn't that great. I've been to Lakruwana and their decor is really nice from the furniture to the dinner wear. So the food - I won't pretend to be a Indian or Sri Lankan food expert, but I do like really good food. I ordered the paper dosa, which was stuff with potato and traditional vegetable curry. The service was pretty good. I informed the waiter I didn't eat dairy or eggs, he presented me with the appropriate options on the menu and made substitutions like coconut milk. He warmed me the vegetable curry was hot and he wasn't lying! The only downside was they didn't have any vegan dessert choices.
No doubt this is one of my favorite restaurant in staten island. I been coming here for a long long time. Not even one person i have brought here have disliked this place. Below are some of the must haveChicken biriyani Mutton Kotthuroti Iddiappammysoor masala dosaMutton fryI have only order here for delivery once, took lil long (about 50min) but food came in warm and good. Some of my friends actually come to SI from BK just to go eat here!
Great food! Their South Indian food tastes very authentic and dare I say almost as good as my mom's cooking.  If you deliver, it takes an hour and a half.  I live less then a mile away, and every time I ordered it would take about an hour or more for them to deliver, so never order if you're really hungry and can't wait that long. If it weren't for the super late delivery time I would rate it with 5 stars
We had very very low expectations coming into this place, based on yelp reviews. 10pm Sunday night, the place was empty. We had tried going elsewhere but that place was closed so we found ourselves here. We ordered a Masala dosa, chettinadu chicken and palak paneer. We asked for it to be spicy. And guess what, everything was delicious. This makes me realise, don't listen to everything Yelp tells you. Lovely level of spiciness, the dosa was crisp and fresh, the palak was freshly made and not too over blended, a common mistake of other Indian restaurants in NYC. I really enjoyed my meal. And I'm of South Asian origin, and grew up eating south Indian food in Singapore. Give this place a chance.
Excellent food, lion beer is a bargain at $4 for 12oz. Asked for medium spicy and it was perfect!  Friendly staff and excellent service! Recommend for eat in or take out.
We waited 17 minutes to be acknowledged. We were seated and that was it. My boyfriend and I are lifelong Staten Island residents. We never heard of this place until Anthony Bourdain ate here. So we decided to try it. Epic fail. Service was nonexitstent. We walked out. After 17 minutes. Your establishment needs to stop riding on Bourdain's coattails.
We've been coming to Dosa Garden for years. It's a good place to go when you want a casual meal, without spending much. We usually get their shrimp fry or mutton fry, along with their masala dosa & chicken biryani.  We used to get their naan & curries, but they weren't very flavorful. Since their signature dish is their dosas, we decided to stick to that. Their chicken biryani is delicious, as well. Very flavorful!The staff is nice, attentive, but not irritating.My only recommendation to the restaurant is to please take care of your restroom. Usually the bathroom is freezing, or barely any soap, or low on toilet paper.  I usually opt out of using their restroom.
So so yummy. I got the dosa lunch special and my hubby got the non vegetarian curry special. I was so sure it wasn't going to be enough but we both rolled out of there when we were done. I get what people were saying about the waitress. She wasn't overly smiley but honestly that's an American thing. Wait staff in other countries aren't all about the flair. She was young but courteous. She refilled our waters and was prompt with clearing dishes and bring the check. Not sure what else you need. The food was flavorful and fresh. We will be back!
Ordered out online. No complaints at all. They accommodated the extra spicy to not spicy requests. The food was all tasty. We will definitely be repeat costumers.
This time we had the masala dosa which (see my picture) is an insanely huge crepe rolled up, with a dab of savory potatoes inside. (So good to break off chunks of the crispy dosa and dip them in sambar or one of the chutneys.) We also shared a vegetable thali, and I was so full for the rest of the day I didn't even eat dinner. The spices really sneak up on you; you think you're fine, until--whoa! Sublime.
Indian food is probably in my top three favorite cuisines. I was excited to go to Dosa since I read all the good reviews on Yelp. I was beyond disappointed in the food and experience. I'm very sad to even write this negative of a review, but I feel I should let others know of my poor experience so they are not as disappointed as I was. I found the restaurant to look like a cheap diner. Clearly the owners have not invested anything in Indian decor. The wood paneled walls were barren with the only visible decor being a TV blasting Bollywood movies. Unfortunate to see since Indian art and culture is so colorful and beautiful and there wasn't a single thing displayed to reflect that. The food matched the decor in its blandness. I've actually never eaten more flavorless Indian food. The chicken tikka masala was as thick as molasses, the sauce was pretty much just sour cream. The samosas were tasteless and bland. The ground chicken kabob had no spices or flavors either.The only thing I'm glad about is that it is in fact inexpensive- because no one should pay top dollar for that meal.
Never again Dosa Garden.Forty six dollars and change in the garbage tonight, and I have a tough time throwing money away.So, some time passed and we were in the mood for something Indian-ish and we were in Staten Island and thought, lets give Dose Garden another shot.We opted for take out as we just wanted to relax with a nice meal.This is a strong statement, but I have to say that this was possibly the worst meal I have ever been served. Of any food type in any restaurant, on any continent.My other half actually took a bite of this and that and just put the whole meal straight in the garbage. I, being ravenous and thinking "it can't be that bad", figured I'd plow through.Mine followed into the trash shortly.Let me review what was presented, just so you don't think I'm a hard hearted person.And before I do let me assure you I eat out and sometimes the meal is nothing to write home (or Yelp) about but I manage to make the best of it. Whan it's stellar or way sub par, people will hear about it but those are few and far between.OK. Here is what we ordered. Onion Bahji. What we got were thick onion slices, battered and fried. Greasy and amateur effort at best. The order had 3 of these gems, 2 went in the trash. Idly - "Steamed lentil and rice patties". Utterly flavorless. And I mean completely without any flavor or hint thereof, and no other redeeming qualities.Mixed Vegetable Kabab - Now mind you they said they would need some extra time for this dish, which was fine with me.What was in the container was bone dry 100% RAW rock hard cauliflower, way too many strips of dried out (firm) tofu that one could likely use to resole shoes with, a green pepper quartered and sauteed with a few pieces of onion.All this covered in bright red (red dye # 40) and just a hint of any other spices powdered on them after which I believe it was put in an oven to give it a baked on look, but not long enough for the heat to actually cook any of the veggies.One bite of each ingredient hoping I could find anything I would be willing to eat and the whole thing joined the other "stuff" in the trash.My dinner partner ordered Chicken Makhini, which I did not try but was told it was not only flavorless, but the, ahem, chicken, was in fact firm tofu.I asked what it tasted like and she responded with "air". It tastes like air. There is no flavor whatsoever.That and the fact that they are passing tofu off as chicken earns it a place in - go on, guess where.The supplied sauces and chutneys were quite obviously very watered down.All in all, horrible barely begins to describe this fare.It's not my place to guess why they have gotten a lot of Yelpers saying they enjoy what they are serving up here, but in my experience, what we were served was not fit to leave anyone's kitchen, ever.
The food is good but the wait is too long sometimes.  Love the shrimp fry as appetizer and any biryani.  Parking is ok-  have a gravel lot so park at your own risk.
Another stop on the eat-in-every-borough-and-neighbouring-state tour before my boyfriend's impending departure to Finland. Was intrigued to learn the difference between Sri Lankan food and Indian food. We ordered the Navratan Kurma, Bread Basket (garlic naan, plain naan, and onion kulcha). Onion Kulcha was on point. Naan was a bit crispier than I'm used to, but still naan, and thus good, nevertheless. Navratan Kurma was super tasty. The best I've had lately. Flavorful, I only wish the serving size was larger!
Village Voice misidentifies DG as the "Best Indian" in NYC. While my rating system does not award extra points for a Staten Island location (because my wife isn't impressed that I know where SI is, and also I'm not using my cheap eats reviews to lend a sheen of legitimacy to my primary function as an escort ad provider), I will say that DG is a strong contender.It was lunchtime. Despite the name, we avoided the dosas and went for the slightly smaller chili uttapam. I was delighted that this was actually spicy. A bit too oily and soft in the middle for my taste, but more flavorful than others I've had.The chettinadu curry was about as good as advertised, too. Still, if the oil were reduced a bit, we might have a real contender for top spot in the tri state.
The prices here are very decent compared to other indian restaurants with a lower grade of food. I noticed a lot of people complaining about the service (well actually just the waitress..). I have to say that I didn't have the same bad experience as everyone else. But first let me start with the food since thats most important..I love the fact that this place has a vegan option for their food considering most indian dishes have a notoriety for being everything but vegan.   I got the malai kofta, mix veggie pakoras, and the tomato soup. The tomato soup was simply DIVINE. Like seriously, the best tomato soup Ive ever had. I was very surprised to find something as ordinary as tomato soup in an indian/sri lankan restaurant. The pakoras were not anything particularly special, nor the chutneys. The flavor was very typical unfortunately but still not terrible. The malai kofta was very good, the spice blend was very tasty and the texture was deliciously rich and creamy. Now to the service.Just to make this clear there was only one waitress with many other diners in the restaurant..The wait time was quick, 5 minutes for us to order and the appetizer and soup quickly followed. A couple minutes after  we finished our food, we got our entree. No problems here. About the waitress..The most I could say is that she was neither rude nor overly friendly. She was merely quiet. Not only that but she was busy.   If you are expecting a bubbly ray of sunshine you will be disappointed, but the food is good enough for me to be planning another visit in the near future. :)
Best kept secret in Staten Island! Everything on the menu is delicious and extremely vegan friendly. Almost every vegetarian item on the menu can be veganized with coconut milk. The Malai Kofta is my favorite dish, absolutely delicious. My favorite restaurant on the island. Great prices as well.
My father and I love this place. My father is Indian, from India, and him and I both agree that this place has the best Masala Dosa around, that we know of. I can't wait for my grandma to visit from India so we can all go here together, because she loves it too! ^_^ I seriously recommend this place to anyone interested in trying out Indian food.
This place does not even deserve a star...we were the only two ppl in the entire resturant and it took over 30mins to get our appetizer. When the food came the dosa was burnt,the masala was cold,dal was cold. They charge by the glass for soda even if the can does not fill the glass. The service and food sucks Enjoy
Since it has been several years over which I've gone to this restaurant I can say this with certainty:  If you're with a party of all women, your portions will be substantially smaller than those of men.  About 20-25% smaller.  Do they think we're fools and don't notice we're being ripped off?
The food is always DELICIOUS!!! Savory and spicy to your taste. They take some time to cook it but I dont mind because the food is always worth the wait. The only reason I'm giving it 4stars is because of the waitress that takes your order. She seems to be burdened whenever people walk in, doesnt smile or greet us in anyway. Ive been there a couple of times and felt the same every time. MAybe shes just tired....lol....but still...
The food here is awesome! My husband and I had the Chicken 65, Onion & Chili Uttapahm, Aloo Gobi, Dal palak and garlic naan. Everything was delicious. While yes, the decor isn't fancy, the food more then makes up for it. This place is definitely worth a visit. Also - the prices are VERY reasonable. Love this place!
There are few who will travel...for Dosas (particularly Staten Island)-yes my friends and I are of the few! I read about Dosa Garden just about a year ago in the NYtimes, and it's been on my mind since then! Finally made, and it was a trip well worthwhile.   The restaurant is 80% Indian food, and 20% Srilankan. One of the main reasons we made the trek from Brooklyn-is that we were looking for a place where dosas would be served with non-vegetarian dishes & Dosa Garden is really one of the few places that does! FYI-Dosas are traditional served up with vegetarian sides. For those of you who don't know what a dosa is-it's a lentil/rice crepe that can be eaten with anything! the description-"lentil/rice crepe" sadly does not do it justice at all! So you must go try it & judge yourself!  Most importantly they had egg dosas-a unique type of dosa dish you will find in few south Indian homes. The egg dosas were fantastic, we also had the paper dosa-which was crisp and light! We of course had our dosas with our non-veg dishes Shrimp thokku (shrimp in an onion and tomato dry sauce) and the Mutton Chettinadu (spicy lamb curry) and Fish Tikka.  To balance out our meal, we ended with a veg thali and split it so that we could  have rasam rice (tomato pepper water and rice-again this is a sad description! it's just so much better in the REAL!). Order an extra cup you need to make sure your rice is as my friend said "swimming" in the rasam-that's the way it's done!  Service was fantastic, our server helped us curtail our order (just to make sure it all fit on one table)! He was a little worried, but we assured him that it's just how we roll! We ended with Madras Coffees which just brought the meal full circle!
The place is ok the nana breads was not really that good soft like its suppose barely any layers in the bread... The price is some what reasonable wish the food was little better.. The place itself is tiny not that much space.. Oh and u gotta tip if u stay there and munch the reason y I got take out lol
This place is superb...It is worth the ferry and bus ride from Manhattan...The waitstaff is super helpful and kind and the portions are plentiful!The Masala dosa is so delish...Vegetable Biryani too...PS The spice level is spot-on, if you ask for it super-spicy (like I enjoy!)Can't wait to return...
This is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Staten Island - small & nothing fancy on the inside, but the food is awesome. My regular: Lamb Curry, Palak Paneer and Mutton Biriyani. Super inexpensive - 1 order and you can share btwn 2 people.
Went for dinner on Saturday. The food was delicious! We each got a Dosa, which was both recommended and HUGE! We also got the lamb & the chicken Briyani. We asked for mild, which was a little spicy for me, but fine for my fiancee. We liked the lamb better, but both were very good. I think everything is made to order because the waitress warned us that the Tandoori Chicken took 30mins. to prep. And the food we ordered was a little slow to come out--which is fine with me because I know things are being made fresh! I am excited to eat here again!
Great food and the price/quantity of the food was great. Sad thing was that I requested no onions in my kottu roti, and he promised me that he would ensure that no onions would be added. However when I began to eat I realized that there were onions. It was a takeout so I couldn't do anything about it.
My almost son-in-law's family is from Kerala (south India). He thought this was the best Indian restaurant he has ever eaten in. Only his mother's and relatives' food is  better.It's southern Indian -- so it's is different.And the Lion Indian beer is the best Indian beer I have ever had.
This really is a little gem, tucked away, off the beaten track, in Staten Island's Little Sri Lanka. The space is rather basic/a little dark, but the food is out of the this world. The trademark, namesake dish, the dosas are wonfedul; massive, 18 inch long works of art that start off at around $5.. We had the masala dosa and it was perfection. Easily on a par with dosas I've had in India. The crepe is crispy and thin, the filling balanced; spicy, flavorful but not overpowering. The chutneys provided excellent contrast. Thumbs Up. The other dishes we ordered were equally sublime; the Pittu (rolled rice with coconut) were an ideal start to the meal, the biryani was wonderful and our Malai Kofta was creamy without being bland. And drinks wise they have 22oz Lion Draft for $7.50 (an absolute steal).It may be a trek out to Staten Island but its well worth it; just a 20 minute walk from the ferry, or a 5 minute bus ride.
Mixed feelings with this place. I love their curry dishes and biryani but the service is terrible. I have been to this place or many times. There is a young waitress who work there is very rude. We told her to pack our leftovers. Total 3 dishes. She took 2 dishes and we remind her there is another dish on the table. She bang my table while putting down that 2 dishes. I looked at her. She didn't apologize. She said I will come back for it. We paid and she didn't even say thank you to us. What kind of service is it? It wasn't the first time like this. It has been like this or many times. I would like to try other places next time.
I recommend the masala dosa with vada/idli. 9 dollars and tastes amazing. Had it 3 days in a row on my lunch break because it was so good.
Id like to give this restaurant 3.5 stars, but I will have to round down to 3.  For food quality and value, I would easily give this place 4stars. There was no wait at prime dinner time on a Saturday and we were seated immediately which was nice, but the rest of the service was really subpar.  It took them awhile to check back to take our order despite there being only a few other tables of customers.  The food came out quickly with no introduction of which dishes were which (and when you order 5 and everyone is not familiar with them, this is actually kind of important). and my biggest peeve- they hardly refilled our water glasses and only did so when asked!I would give this place another try, but I was really disappointed with the service.
Saying that this place is terrible, is an understatement. For starters the decor is totally unappealing, and looks like a fast-food joint. Also, the food is very expensive, you get small portions, and it is tasteless.
Oh, Indian food, how I miss you!!!I've lived in California for about two years now and I daresay... I have yet to find a satisfying Indian restaurant.My Staten Island pastor (I've moved so many times in my life that I have pastors all around the world) is from India and he would bring his wife, kids, and a whole slew of church friends to Dosa Garden after church from time to time.Oh my goodness, chicken tikka masala, dosa, naan, lassi, chai tea, all the Indian food... Such good memories! Thanks for being so good to us Dosa Garden!!
Randomly traveled through Staten Island on my way to a concert the night before Halloween in Manhattan...We ended up in Tompkinsville, a pretty diverse area, but most importantly one of the few places in the world to get authentic Sri Lankan cuisine. There are a good four or five restaurants within this area, the majority on Victory Blvd.That being said...we wanted to go to the restaurant across the street but it was closed due to renovation, therefore Dosa Garden it was.Pretty good food, pretty lame service. The other four people I was with were very nice in sharing their selections and thus I sampled all the vegetarian items that were available, and all were super tasty.We ordered within ten minutes but waited for pretty close to 40 minutes for our dishes to come out.Thankfully the portions were huge and the prices were pretty reasonable but I probably would not come back here to sit in (then again, there is not much reason for me to ever go back to Staten Island to begin with, no offense).I would recommend carry-out or calling in before you sit down...otherwise you're gonna wait forever.
Yummy!!!!! My culinary adventure quest had me on the search for dosas. I had never had them before and was tickled pink with excitement when I discovered the existence of Dosa Garden right here on Staten Island. YES!! So, I tried the vegetable samosa, mysore dosa, chicken tikka massala and a mango lassi! Everything was fantastic and I happily did a little jig after tasting the perfectly spiced and cooked chicken tikka massala. Excellent! The mango lassi was a tad bit sweet for my taste but certainly cut the heat of the dosa (I thought I could handle the spicy chutney...hmmm... let's say i held my own!). The dosa was a wonderful experience....light, flaky, lentil filled. However the highlight was definitely the chicken tikka massala. I will definitely be back... so much more to try on the menu. Service was good.... with a smile and attentive... what more could a girl really want!
Get the khorma(sp) and biryani. Both are out of this world. Eat in or takeout, it doesn't really matter. Food will be delicious. Waitstaff is awkward but it adds to the charm. BYOB last I was there. Bring a nice Riesling. It will pair well with the spicy food.
A very nice place to dine on some inexpensive Dosa combinations in a small scal, family type, place.  The menu is a little small, in so far as what they actual have on hand, however, the food is very tasty & comes out served fresh.  It is a good place to visit for the more southern Indian experience, which is somewhat more spicy.  It is also a little small, if your a large group, so let them know that you are coming.
The restaurant is labeled as Sri Lankan, but dosa is of South Indian origin. I will only comment on the dosa here , it is excellent!! If you've never had this South Indian delicacy, it is an art and THE dish of the region. It is a paper thin crepe filled with potatoe or other veg, accompanied by various chutneys and sambal (lentil curry). It's amazing here, and so cheap. The potatoe naan was boring, and the other dishes eh. This is again one of those very unassuming restaurants with great food, in this case dish, the dosa. It is a clean establishment, but dull inside and dimly lit. The covered windows are actually the unappealing part of the place to me. The place definitely has potential and I hope they switch things up to match the quality of their dosa. For a more fine dining Sri Lankan experience with excellent cuisine, head a few blocks down to Sanrasa on Bay St.
Not sure what the inside of the place is like but I liked their chicken tikka masala. The sauce was good and the chicken/vegetables/rice cooked perfectly. It coulda been spicier. The naan was pretty solid, coming from someone who was lucky enough to always have homemade bread in the house. Overall they were prompt, friendly, and affordable..The food was packaged for delivery properly which I always appreciate.I'm def ordering from here again and maybe stopping in next time. Legit as least in terms of take out in this neighborhood.
My family and I ordered the Veg-Samosa, they were delish with the tamarind sauce!! we also got the shrimp (i forget what its called but it was shrimp in a coconut curry)  It was so good!  we also got the boneless chicken and veg kehbabs.  and a sweet lassi.  All of this was super delicious and we were so full we had to take most of it with us.
First of all - it would be really inconvenient to get to this place without a car. It's at least 15-20minutes to walk from the ferry. And Victory Blvd is a busy road, and finding street parking can be a bit difficult. I wouldn't make a huge effort to come here, but if you're in the neighborhood, this place is solid. I had the potato dosa, the non-vegetarian sampler, and fish curry. I've never had dosa before, but I figured I should try it, being that the restaurant is called Dosa Garden. When it came out, I was shocked - it's HUGE. It's like a large pizza crust - if it were very thin, crispy and rolled up like a cannoli. Yea, a huge crispy cannoli. I'm not a dosa expert, but it seemed tasty enough. However, I'm not a bread/carb person so I didn't go over the moon. Also, the potato? It was basically like 2 spoonfuls of slightly curried potato put in the center. But to even get to it, you have to eat a lot of the crust first. Then the non-vegetarian sampler came out. It was rice with about 5 different sides - a lamb curry, a chicken curry, then 3 vegetable. I would say that this is a solid dish to share between 2 people (I believe it was around $16 - a good deal), especially if they are new to this sort of cuisine. I would actually order this again if I were ever to come back.  Later came the fish curry. You can choose which fish you'd like (my boyfriend chose king fish). It comes with naan. Now, my boyfriend adores fish curry and he said that it was the "best" he had had. I started to agree with him...until I bit into a piece of fish that tasted like ammonia. Turns out - this place does not use the freshest produce. It's a miracle I didn't just hurl everything back up into the bowl. All in all, not a horrible experience. However, I would not go out of my way to come back - SanRasa on Bay Street is still superior to this place (Sundays at SanRasa is an all-you-can-eat buffet).
I have never tried Sri Lankan food until I walked through the doorway of Dosa Garden. While the decor and surroundings are unassuming, the food is delish, and the warmth of the waitstaff made my wife and I feel welcome. From the food, we tried the dosa, which is kind of like this huge crepe served with several dipping sauces. It was definitely a cool new experience. The samosas were fresh and tasty, and the lamb vindaloo did not disappoint. We also got a dish made with chicken, nuts, and veggies over rice. I forgot the name, but it was delicious as well, a good choice if you, like my wife, are not into spicy food.We'll definitely be back.
Possibly the best Indian restaurant I've ever eaten in. I strongly recommend the Chettinadu curries, dosa (of course), breads, Sri Lankan foods... in fact, you can't go wrong here.
This was really a wonderful surprise. I came across a review from the Village Voice website while looking for a semi-local spot.The weather was crappy with pouring rain, so I can't say much about the outside decor since I was focused on getting to the door as dry as I possibly could. There is plenty of free parking available on the street in the evening. You won't have to walk more than half a block from the restaurant.Once inside, I was delightfully escorted, along with my wife and parents to the side of the restaurant where the tables were situated. It had a nice mellow ambient feel. Despite the dim lighting, everything was clean. Clean enough for you to come dressed, but not snooty enough so you could trek in with jeans and sneakers.They were training a new waitress, so I had 2 people waiting on us. The trainee and her boss. I bet it was intimidating for her. But lucky for her, I came prepared. I already had my meals written down from researching the online menu, which btw, has 2008 prices. Everything is maybe $1 more.But to the main event... the food. I've had plenty of Indian food before, but nothing like this. The idlys, dosas, vandas were all new to me. I'll try anything once. But I'll tell ya, I'm coming back here for more. Everything tasted so fresh and different. We had the paneer makhni, which was heavenly. It was just the right amount of creamy and sweetness that had everyone on the table say "wow". My wife thought this was the best makhni sauce she has ever tasted.My father who thinks that the only good food is Chinese food said the Chettinad curry was very good and enjoyed it very much, despite his non tolerance for spicy food. Let me say that not all curries are the same. This curry, cooked with spices from the Chettinad region was extravagant. As my father put it in one word.... complex. The highlight was the dosa. I sort of see them as salty French crepes. A mix between roti and Ethiopian injera. Nice thin, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside. BTW, forego the breads (e.g. naan, paratha), even though they were very good. But just order the plain dosa for a different experience. Rolled into an upside down cone, it's a conversational piece as you all tear it apart and soak up the sauces and chutneys. But be warned, like most starches, dosa will fill you up quickly because it expands in your stomach. One can make a mistake of overordering with so many unique items on the menu, and I'm guilty as charged.The menu also offers Sri Lankan items, but considering that there are 2 Sri Lankan restaurants right across the street, I'd stick to what the resturant specializes in... dosas.My only complaint is that the table sizes were a tad bit too small. The stainless steel plates of food that were brought to us just didn't fit on the tables and we had to keep dishes on a seperate table. But don't let that deter you. This is one of the few "must try" places on Staten Island.UPDATE: Went back a second time for new dishes and left an even happier camper!
The meal starts with a quote on the front of the menu: "Spice up your life: Dip the dosa." It is a good beginning for the feeling this pan-Indian (and a touch of Sri Lanka) restaurant gives you throughout your meal. They offer a wider variety of interesting South Asian items, room to explore what you have not had at an Indian restaurant yet.We decided to stick to smaller items and appetizers so our party of three could try more things. Fittingly, the medhu vada ($4, 3 pieces) came first as this is more commonly a breakfast item. This "donut" was moisture than our version, and served with a spicy sambar sauce and two chutneys. We gravitated towards the sambar, but probably would choose the chutneys had it been breakfast.The next appetizer to make its way to our table was the paneer pakora ($6, 6 pieces), which was simply deep-fried cheese, good in any language. With the spicy mint sauce, these we one of personal favorite parts of the meal despite it pleasing the others as much.Between courses, we were entertained by the Bollywood hits on the flatscreen in the back, and I was able to enjoy the decor of all yellow light bulbs (excuse the photos). We next were treated to the most interesting dish of the night, but probably the least appetizing. The puttu ($5.50) was steamed rice flour, salt, and coconut, served in a cylindrical mould, but lacking any moisture. We had to dip it in any sauce available.We next wanted to try one of the utthappams, and decided on the onion and tomato version ($5.50), keeping our night vegetarian. This "pancake" was very moist and again served with the sauce trio. We again dived into the sambar, and enjoyed this dish partly because it was good and partly because the previous one was not liked.When the mysore masala dosa ($5.50) we ordered (it would be unthinkable not to order one in a place called Dosa Garden), we all tore a couple pieces around the edges before losing our shyness and diving into the main "meat" of the dish and literally tearing it apart and devouring it.Our last item, like the puttu, was also from the "Sri Lankan Specials" portion of the menu, and was probably brought out last because of its sweet nature. The Idiyappam ($5) was tiny rice noodles served with a hot coconut sauce, that we gobbled up despite reaching our limits.Even though our waiter was a little too attentive asking for conformation of our delight on every dish, all in all, we were happy, and with ample time did not mind the long ride out to Staten Island on this Saturday evening. I even walked across the street to purchase some pastries from the lovely Sri Lankan cafe I can never come to this island and not visit.
To get to this place, you have to brave the realm that is Victory Blvd. Dont be discouraged by the outside appearance ... once inside, you'll find a dimly lit, cozy dining room. Service was friendly and the place was clean.The dosas, while yummy, were a  bit bland. We sampled a variety of appetizers and bread, and were pleased overall.
Since my review I've been back a couple more times.  I really like the dosas from here!   They are so tasty.   I always go when I'm in Staten Island.
Delish!! I have ordered many times from Dosa Garden. The staff are very friendly and welcoming. The environment seems very clean. Although not extravagant in its decor, the food is delicious...and that is what truly matters. I've had a few different dishes here and loved all of them!
South Indian and Sri Lankan food. The restaurant isn't much to look at - just some basic tables & chairs in a small room with a few photographs of spices on the walls.But the food is delicious!For drinks, we got a mango lassi (nice and thick and fruity) and a Jamaican ginger beer (an odd but happy selection!)We started with the eponymous dosa - like a crepe or roti, served with 3 dipping sauces - one was a mild curry, one a cold coconut-based sauce, and one a red, onion-flavored sauce (excuse my not knowing the names!) They were all really good! It was fun how gigantic the dosa was!We also got the paneer (cheese) pakora appetizer. They were a little bland, and the chutneys that came with them (tamarind and mint) weren't my favorite. They weren't bad, I just preferred ones I've had at other restaurants: the tamarind was a bit too sweet, and the mint could have been spicier.Our entrees were excellent! Not one complaint about the lamb curry - a nice portion, perfectly spicy and savory. The tandoori shrimp were a good number of big, meaty shellfish, nicely spiced and grilled.For dessert we got the pal payasam. I always love this dish, but this was the best example of it I've ever had. It was made fresh for us and served hot, with rice vermicelli, tapioca pearls, golden raisins, cashews and cardamom... amazingly good!I'll definitely be back here.
20$ minimum on delivery orders is outrageous...that shows you the willingness of the restaurant to deliver to the local neighborhood.  There is a parking lot on the side of the restaurant, which helps.  The menu is an interesting twist of various indo-Chinese cuisines.  The Rasa Vada soup is extremely tasty and hot...but nonplussed by the rest, although not bad.
Cute little place. Great friendly service.  Absolutely love their lamb vindaloo (mild for me please!)
I will now give this 5 stars, with the understanding that is a neighborhood spot - with reasonable prices.  They now have table clothes and cloth napkins and use very wonderful serving dishes- all different based on the dish.I suggest - any DOSA but, I LOVE the Onion Rava Masala and once again the Palak Paneer is amazing. The vegetable Tandoori was great as the spices are so authentic. Be sure to order the appetizer of the lentil doughnut sitting in spicy yogurt sauce.This is not fast food - it takes a little time- it lets you know the food is made fresh for you  and not waiting in the kitchen. The desserts look good. We were just too stuffed to order any...next time...
I love this place! its hard to find good Indian food on the island and this place is a fav.
Serves great Dosa @ a reasonable price. They have different variety of disaster, uttapam, vegetarian and nonvegetarian dishes. It beats going to NJ and Queens for way better Indian food. It does look like a whole in the wall and when you walk into, but the food is great. There's no buffet here @ all, which they should reconsider. Its cold there all year round with AC blasting and they forget to shut it off in the winter. Back to the food: rava Masala Dosa, Mysore Masala Dosa, chicken tikka Masala, alou Gobi Masala are some of our favorite dishes. It worth a try on the island
i have eaten here twice and both times were satisfying.  I tried both the chicken dosa and the masala dosa both were good.  The soup was delicious ( i dipped my dosa in the soup instead of the sauce)
Came here for dinner tonight with a friend that heard a few good things about this place.  The place was entirely empty.  I came in not expecting very much, being that it was on staten island and all, but I was pleasantly surprised. My friend ordered a mango lassi drink, which tasted like a mango yogurt smoothie. It had just the right amount of sweetness and mango in it. We had the chicken tikka masala, which is cut up pieces of chicken simmered in a creamy tomato/yogurt-like sauce, which was really tasty. Then came the paper dosa, nothing like ive seen before. It looks like a humongous crepe and was stuffed with mashed potato wrapped in the center. It is light and crispy on the outside, and chewy on the inside. There were 3 sauces on the side that complimented this dish. The thing was so huge, we could only eat half of it...Next we had the chicken roti, which is like a combination of chopped up onions, potato, chicken, and a bunch of spices sautéed together with curry sauce served on the side. There was a lot of spice and flavor in this one, which is great if you like spicy. All in all, great food and service, and fair prices.  I don't have Indian food often, but I would definitely eat here again.
Moderately priced, food flavors were muddy and not crisp.  Seemed to be missing a certain depth I usually find in Indian places in Manh.  Bread basket is nice except I don't care for onions. They are not big on substituting.  I mean it's bread you make there in house so it's super cheap, should be easy to sub out a flavor.  They simply decrease your portion and charge the same.  Don't let the outside discourage you, the food is worth trying at least once.  I didn't find their "spicy" dishes that spicy. Tastes differ. Enjoy.
I went to Dosa Garden with a friend. She ordered the dosa, which comes with a choice of filling (she picked chicken) plus a selection of three sauces for dipping. Word of warning: The sauces were quite spicy (which isn't a problem, since both the friend and I like spicy food). My friend tells me that her dish was great. I ordered the chicken korma (korma is a sort of coconut milk curry). My dish was significantly better than expected. I had anticipated some run-of-the-mill curry and rice dish, but the coconut milk curry was expertly prepared, and the meat was surprisingly high quality (none of the fat/cartilage chunks you might expect from a fairly cheap restaurant like Dosa). Service was slightly slow, but I suspect this had to do with the fact that the restaurant was packed (we managed to snag one of the last available tables). Our waitress was helpful and a pleasure to talk to. Overall, Dosa went above and beyond my expectations for an entry-level Indian/Sri Lankan restaurant, which is why I've awarded it five stars.
delicious.  one of the few good places to eat in the wasteland of satin island
This place was PACKED on a Sunday night at 8:30.  My partner and I tried the chicken kotthu roti, which was sauteed roti, fried egg and chicken all shredded up, served with a tasty sambal (sauce).  We asked for it spicy, but it wasn't mouth-searingly spicy...the spices crept up on us in a good way.  We also ordered a crave-worthy rava masala dosa, which is a crispy wheat and rice crepe with a buttery layer of spiced mashed potatoes inside--sweetened throughout with onions.  WOW.  We didn't much care for the idly, which are spongy lentil cakes that are really more of a vehicle for the sambals.  But the palak paneer, indian cheese (kinda reminds me of extra-firm tofu) and mildly spiced stewed spinach ROCKED, especially atop a tasty wedge of naan bread.  We'll be coming here often, especially since it's open until 11pm!
This restaurant is really good. I have tried several of their items like Paneer Makhani, Bhindi Masala, Chicken Biriyani, Chilli Chicken, Shrimp Chettinadu and all were very tasty. Especially I liked their Biriyani, Bhindi Masala and Chettinadu. They will give extra rice free of cost, if you ask for it. I took one of my friend over there the other day and he ordered the Navratan Kurma, and he told he liked it a lot. The food is also available in various spice levels. The restaurant is not flashy from outside, but the inside is very pretty. Also the people working there are friendly and courteous. I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
Nice food - cheap prices, generous portions and very friendly staff. Will def. re-visit.
I thought the food was very good but VERY spicy.  Ask for NOT spicy at all if you can't tolerate spicy food. The dosa was huge and the chicken tikka was very good!
