I lunched here on 10/25/16. Mughlai Indian Cuisine is a small restaurant a block east of Curry Hill. Although the restaurant was relatively empty, some time elapsed before my order was taken. I started with a cold, smooth Kingfisher beer which was spot on.I chose Chicken Tikka Masala(about seven bucks at lunch).Some of the pieces, though well flavored, were a bit tough. The "gravy" was pretty typical of CTM, not great, as stated in some other reviews.Be aware that, somewhat annoyingly, although lunch entrees do not come with Basmati Rice, they are priced at one-half of the same dinner entree. It was not such a big deal to add the rice, however, for another three bucks.BOTTOM LINE: I have had better food at some of the Curry Hill restaurants on Lex in the high 20s and its cross streets.
Even though Mughlai is a little ways from the epicenter of Indian restaurants on Lexington, it's delicious, high-quality, affordable, and has been a favorite of mine for a while for me. Their Mughlai special is fantastic - $15.00 for an app, entree, rice, and naan! Best deal out there for Indian dinner. The restaurant itself is intimate and cozy. The service is also remarkable. I accidentally placed my Seamless order at the wrong location, and they changed it for me no problem. Then I accidentally left my credit card in the restaurant when I went for pickup, and the owner found me a few blocks away to return it. And finally, they always give free dessert (rasmalai rice pudding) with every meal you pick up or eat in restaurant! Love Mughlai!
My fiancé and I visited this spot because we were staying at a hotel nearby. The owner was really nice and took our takeout order. We ordered 1 chicken tikka masala and 1 paneer bhurji. Both dishes were delicious and filling. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone looking to eat some great Indian food.
Pretty decent Indian food. Not the best and not the worst. We ordered a bunch of plates since we were in a group and overall is wasn't bad. Staff was friendly and place was clean. Only one bathroom so you have to wait if the previous person takes their time. They had drinks special during happy hour.
I'm super surprised by the high rating for Mughlai, especially given how many truly great Indian restaurants there are in the neighborhood (Dhaba, Haldi to name a few). I was disappointed by both the service and the food at Mughlai.- The rice was incredibly dry. - The naan was incredibly dry and the garlic naan was not as garlic-y and flavorful as it should be.- The samosas were okay, but not super flavorful.- The curries were hit or miss - the house special Mughlai vegetable curry which was highly recommended by the owner/manager-looking person was pretty bland, but the chicken Makhani was flavorful and tasty (kind of like a sweeter tikka masala sauce). - It was nearly impossible to flag down a waiter or a waitress the entire meal. - The pace of the meal was off. We waited for a very long time (about 25 minutes) for our appetizers, and then entrees came out as we barely finished our appetizers. I would not try Mughlai again.
I really liked both my dinner that I got here once and my lunch from here. I will talk about the lunch because it is more recent. I work in the area and Indian food is an often occurring lunch choice. I ordered their lunch special on a Tuesday---I think the lunch special runs Monday through Friday and for about $14, you get an appetizer, an entree, a naan, rice, and the sauces. I LOVE the chicken korma here. I get the chicken korma all over the city and I like to compare them across the board. This chicken korma is sweet and thick and I love that. The pieces of chicken are also pretty substantive. Sometime, at other places, you go and you get maybe three pieces of chicken. This meal, I got enough chicken that I ate till I was stuffed and still had about 1/3 left over which made for a perfect dinner. The rice that you get is nicely cooked and the naan is an entire piece of naan--for just one order! I love this place. I also got the samosa (2 pieces) and the samosa was SPICY, which I wasn't expecting but deeply delicious. I already booked a lunch date with my cousin for a few weeks from now.
Loved everything about this place, from the traditional cozy ambiance to the taste of authentic Indian food, I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for richness in flavors, enlightenment of tastebuds or simply finger licking good delight.My favorites so far are the chicken chops, fish mughlai and lamb chops for appetizers, mughlai chicken dum biryani, lamb vindaloo and special fish curry for the main course and kheer (rice pudding) for dessert. Shoutout to the servers, exceptional hospitality!
Great experience here!! Was craving butter chicken for dinner and ended up picking this place from the Yelp reviews and relatively cheaper prices compared to other similar restaurants in the area. I had the Chicken Makhani (basically the same as Chicken Tikka Masala but a little sweeter and more butttery) which was delicious. Though the portion looks small, it's actually a lot of food and the whole table agreed that the meal was perfectly portioned. My friends got the lamb curry and vegetable curry. All the dishes could be varied in spice level. We also had two servings of naan (the original and garlic) and a bowl of rice. The bill came out to be $18-20 per person.The manager(?) went all out in taking care of us. He told us about the student discount, which we weren't aware of, as well as provided recommendations for the table. The atmosphere of the restaurant was comfortable and warm.Will definitely be coming back! The lunch special looks great as well.
One evening when I passed by this restaurant, I had a sneak peek of the interior deco through the window and then I decided that I will eat here one day. The decoration is truly beautiful and peaceful, with simplicity, good taste, and colors. That's the same impression I had with their food too. To eat here is truly a peaceful and satisfying experience. The service is super nice and attentive. My friend ordered an appetizer with cauliflowers and tomato sauce last minute and I didn't know what she ordered. The dish is so delicious and I kept thinking it's fish because it tastes so similar to the famous squirrel fish dish in Chinese cuisine. It's so mystic! I also love the complimentary pistachio rice pudding. It has a special flavor let it stand out from other Indian rice puddings I have had. Very impressive.
I just got food from here for the first time and it is one of the better Indian places I have gotten takeout from in the UES. I got an order of Lamb Seekh Kabab ($9.95) with Whole wheat roti ($2.95) and a Stuffed Keema naan ($3.95) for later. The Seekh Kabab was flavorful and tender. Although it is listed under "Appetizers", I would say it is enough to pass as an entree. The Whole wheat roti was sooo good, cooked like any naan but lighter and more guilt-free! I tasted a bit of the Stuffed Keema naan; it's a lighter on the meat than most places but still good. All of the food came with onions, chillies, and lemon on the side + green chutney.
Very average.  Got takeout.  Nothing particularly good or particularly bad. The mango lassi was fine. The chicken korma was a little bit dry but the sauce was nice. I feel like I'm just belaboring the fact that this will neither upset you nor make you thrilled. If you are in the position of having to eat here do not worry. Do not choose to eat here if you have another place that seems great and you want a really good meal.
Not good food. Had the Chicken Makhani, Chicken Korma and Vegetable Kebab for Delivery. The delivery was extremely fast, however the food was sub par. Both curries tasted like they were made mostly with sugar and lacked any other flavor. The vegetable kebab was breaded, mustyand flavorless. The garlic naan was good, but then again that's not exactly a rarity.
Only rating based on the taste of the lamb vindaloo I ordered for takeout one night. It was cooked gone but it had an overpowering tomato taste which I didn't really care for.
WOW!! This place is delicious & fresh. My fiend asked for "not-too spicy" and she said it was just right. I LOVE spice, so I asked them to go to town. It was delicious (not just hot but flavorful) and I got that full body heat that you're supposed to get with good Indian food. GREAT PLACE!!!
We tried their chicken vindaloo: overpowering taste of vinegar and nothing else, watery Chicken tikka masala: undercooked chicken, sauce was okAloo gobi: in a very sour gravy Navratna korma: just frozen vegetable bits a tasteless cream sauce Mughlai chicken: yucky watery gravy.. Very disappointed.. their samosas and aloo tiki was edible. Very expensive for the low quality of food.
For me the food was ok. However the customer service is really good. Nice people in and around Manhattan. I like the feel inside and the silverware, it is awesome experience.Tried the Chat item and Paneer Makhani. Chat was really good. I might go there again for that.Let me tell you about Paneer Makhani, people will like the consistency and paneer as such. It was good. The thing I could not stand is that they added color to it. Well how I know it??? becuase I cook myself and never made a paneer makhni this colorful so that the color sticks on your fingers if you eat in a typical indian style using finger. Like seriously colorful in hands. It was a bit more tangy that I prefer. Hence, definitely would not prefer going for any curry until they change their cooking style.
In NYC on business and I was poking around Yelp looking for Chicken Vindaloo that was relatively close to my hotel. To say that I am beyond ecstatic to find this place is an understatement. There were two places that peaked my interest but, I decided to come to Mughali.There's no point in writing a thesis on this place...bottom line, Chicken Vindaloo is amazingly off the charts! The chicken was cooked perfectly and the spices in the Vindaloo were a mouthful of fireworks and heaven on 3rd Ave, NYC. The garlic naan was the perfect sidekick to this meal and to top it off, a Taj Mahal beer brought this mouth-gasm altogether. I never write reviews, as you can clearly see... this place is beyond review worthy. If I lived in NYC, I'd be here once a week!
Such a great neighborhood gem!The space is cool with Indian art and a bunch of Cool hanging glass lights that create a great atmosphere.I love the lasani gobo (cauliflower appetizer) it's spicy and Tangy and I always order it.The dal tadka is creamy spicy and delicious! The staff is super nice and the owner whose there a lot is really sweet and caring.I love that they have a bunch of vegan items and the service is fast and attentive.
We were in the "Curry Hill" area and decided to indulge our Indian cravings with a local dinner.  However, we were unsure of the best options.  A quick Yelp search led us to Mughlai Indian Cuisine, a recent addition to the neighborhood.  The restaurant was casual and relaxed with subtle cultural decorations, plus a spiced smell that was completely inviting.  We were promptly greeted by a friendly server, who escorted us to a comfortable table and guided us through our order.  I went with the Tandoori Chicken, which was absolutely delicious!!  The roasted poultry was served on the bone as a half of a bird.  It had been marinated in yogurt and spices before being baked in the clay oven.  It was served with seasoned potatoes and grilled vegetables.  The dish had a decent amount of salt, but was balanced out by all of the other herbs that were used to give it that aromatic stability of sweet and spicy.  My brother's Chicken Jalfrezie included chunks of meat stewed in a sharp tomato sauce.  While this dish was enjoyable, the portion was much smaller than mine and was heavier on the vegetables than the chicken.  The complimentary rice was devoid of seasoning and only included a few peas.  The Peshwari Naan needed more fruit and nut filling, as it was almost hollow.Overall, the food at Mughlai was certainly good.  It just could have been even better with some minor tweaks to portion size and seasoning.
Pretty good food,But unfriendly, very close to rude service.They have mastered acting like you owe them a favor while you eat there...
After a long day in the office I was in the mood for Indian tonight and was disappointed when Baluchi's was no longer there! I decided to try Mughlai and was happy to find the same special dinner option and selection on the menu. It was exactly what I wanted.
Ordered take out a couple of times and was very impressed with the quality of the food! I dined in on a date and it was a very pleasant experience. The service was friendly and not pushy. The food was excellent and they brought in dessert (on the house). This is easily my go to place for Indian food from now on.
Wow, this was my first time and it certainly won't be my last.  Small, clean and peaceful.  Amazingly polite and attentive staff.  The food, absolutely delicious, well prepared, well portioned.  The aloo papri chat was very yummy as was the chicken tikka masala and the saag paneer.  All the dishes were spiced just right.  Can't wait to come back and try the lamb.
The food is delicious and the customer service is exceptional.. My delivery arrived extremely late and as an apology, Gary sent the meal of my choice, plus naan and dessert to my home the following night for FREE! He was sincerely apologetic and told me that the late delivery was extremely unusual. I will def continue to order from there.. One of the best Indian spots around!
I eat a lot of Indian curry, and this was perfect. I went back a few days later and ordered exactly the same dishes!It will certainly become a regular spot for me.
lunch special was so worth it! naan was piping hot and so good, mango lassi was good but I unfortunately saw them pour it out from a presumably premade or store bought bottle- no biggie. food was so good, only thing that scared me was a previous review on lots of bugs being found in the food. definitely going to come here often for Indian food (just for lunch though)!
Absolutely delicious, fantastic service and wonderful ambience! Will definitely be coming back.
Highly highly recommend!!! Incredible food with impeccable service, a truly delightful meal and ambiance, the host (Sunny) was a really welcoming and gracious man who helped make our stay comfortable and memorable. The wait service was always ready and available. And the cuisine itself was delicious. We had the pleasure of meeting the owner who was a pleasant man and very welcoming as well!! A new place with incredible taste!! Come soon and come often!!
Went there for lunch and found the service very slow. It wasn't event busy and nobody filled my water glass till the end. The service was slow. The tandoori platter was not up to the mark as some of the meat wasn't cooked that well.
Coming from a Punjabi, I can solemnly swear that the food at Mughlai is AMAZING! Everything from the freshness of the naans to the flavors of the various curry dishes was insanely delicious. Also, the fact that it's right across the street Baruch makes it ten times better! This place is a must try!
Came here last night and really enjoyed it. The food was good, the staff was very friendly. We shared the vegetable pakoras, saag paneer and the chicken tikka misala. All three were really good and good size portions, especially with the garlic naan. I have lots of leftovers. The restaurant wasn't crowded but we didn't feel rushed out as it was closer to the restaurants closing time. We even got complimentary rice pudding! I will definitely be coming back - my new neighborhood go-to for Indian food!
Mughlai's food is very good. And in the afternoon there's a large discount so it's a bargain (after 5pm it's almost twice the price). I'd suggest adding organic chicken to the menu, and replacing a few of the solid wood chairs and tables with more comfortable ones.
Living in the neighborhood, I was so used to Balucci's and I was disappointed that it closed down. I was so excited to see Mughlai and went to dinner there with some friends yesterday. The host was very informative and friendly.. Being Indian and a food connoisseur, I must say that the food was excellent. My friends  loved the special Mughlai chicken appetizer, and me being vegetarian I loved the potato tikki appetizer. For main course you must have the fish curry with mouth watering coconut based sauce. In addition, my favorite dish is Chana masala a.k.a Chole and I had asked them to prepare it with less salt and it is one of the best chole I have ever eaten. Thank you, I now have my favorite on seamless for Indian added.
Excellent Indian Cuisine!  Friendly staff and cozy environment!!  Traveled from Brooklyn to dine here!
The food is amazing.  I don't eat Indian food very often, but after I had dinner here for the first time last month, I ordered delivery two more times that week!  The staff is also great.
Their food is awesome. I've been here 4 times in the last 2 weeks. It's definitely a great place to go to for lunch. For a guy like me who eats a lot, their portions aren't large but it definitely hits the spot.
Lovely and varied  flavoring on all food ordered. Healthy and delicious. Excellent service!
Disappointed with this restaurant based on the reviews.  We tried the Shrimp Balchao appetizer based on the waiter's recommendation.  The sauce was excellent but the shrimp were unfortunately very undercooked.  The garlic naan, the onion kulcha naan, and the plain naan were all good and tasty.  The Samosa were small but ok.  We had their "signature dish" Chicken Tikka Masala, the Tandoori Chicken, and the Mughlia Roghan Josh.  The chicken was ok, a bit overcooked.  The Tikka Masala sauce was not great in our opinion based on the limited flavor and watery consistency.  The Mughlia Roghan Josh (goat) was a mistake by the waiter.  We actually ordered Daal Mughlia (lentils) but didn't notice we got the wrong dish until we had already tasted the goat.  The goat meat was tough though the sauce was not bad.  In particular, we found the portion sizes to be ridiculously small to the point that we felt cheated. With tip and no alcohol we paid $105 for three people.  The decor was nice but the room acoustics are terrible so that people had to speak very loud to hear each other which just compounded the problem.  There are much better places to go for Indian food.
I'm happy this place opened up right below me! Great Indian food at great prices. Service was nice too, as the staff was kind and willing to make small talk and explain the dishes. Would definitely be back!
We live in the area and decided to check it out since it just opened. Owner was awesome and the Chicken Tikki Masala was even better. Would def go back. Nom nom
A real standout in a whole neighborhood of good Indian restaurants.  The food is truly a step above.  After ordering takeout several times we decided to go try it in person.  We were surprised that the restaurant is so "plain" and uncrowded, because the quality of the food led us to believe it would be a really fancy place jam packed with people.  Eat here before there's a line out the door.
Came here for dinner and absolutely loved it! The food was delish and more importantly the service was amazing! Best Indian food I've had in NYC. I'm definitely coming back.
Excellent food and service. The tastiest saag paneer I've ever had, and we also had Aloo Gobhi which was very flavorful, perfectly spicy balance (for our palette) and very flavorful naan and parathas. Our host (we believed him to be the owner/manager) was extremely gracious and friendly, as were the waitstaff. Wonderful experience all around!
Food is good but beware the portion sizes are just too small in reference to the price range.
As I walked by this place, I felt the urge to taste their Butter Chicken, I was not too hungry but I got very inquisitive taste buds. The Butter Chicken was good, well served with nice rice. I ordered the Garlic Naan for bread, and it tasted great.  I am spoiled tastebudbrat, I just felt that the butter Chicken from the other place in Long Island City is better because it tasted more like butter. Anyhow, this one was good and okay. As a date, I had Mr. Silence, he liked it, he liked everything he saw and ate, most of all, he loved our Silence.The Mango juice was delicious, thick, pure, and juicy, the way I like it.
Mediocre Indian food.Garlic naan was okay, bot as pungent as I tasted in Masala- Woodside Queens.The chicken makhatani was really ketchupy.The aloo gobhi was okay.Never did the waiter come to pour a second glass of water- he was busy trying to sell drinks and appetizers.I would not come here again, even for the half priced lunch.
One of the best Indian restaurant in NYC! Their Malai kofta is amazing and they have a killer Sunday brunch offer (50% off)
Totally worth it thanks to my $10 promo code on Seamless, making my entire meal (mango lassi, chicken Tikka masala, assorted chutneys and raita, rice, naan, and seekh kabon) so cheap. I ordered the $14.95 special and threw in the lassi.  The naan hit the spot, and the Tikka masala and seekh kabob were pretty good, but definitely not enough for me to come back or pay full price.  The mango lassi was delicious but a tad pricey for $3.95.  If you're craving Indian non-vegetarian food, you probably won't find a cheaper place that delivers straight to the door in about 50 minutes.
Review for delivery order Ordered through seamless today, delivery was received within an average amount of time you would expect from restaurants. The food was great and very authentic. The lunch special provides an appetizer, an entree , rice and naan for $15 which is very reasonable because they provide generous portion. One  down side was I ordered 2 of the same entrees but wanted one of them to be spicy, both dishes turned out very mild. Another down side was I ordered from my office and they did not send any utensils, the dishes I ordered required utensils! Tip for delivery- please send utensils, if you want to be nice please send plastic plates as well.
Might be the best Indian food in NYC! I had the Samosas to start the meal off... PERFECTION!  Also enjoyed some Papadam before main courses served. Had a family style meal including Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Saag, and the Shrimp Mughlai (GLORIOUS ). Aside from the splendid seasoning, the textures of the chicken and protein were particularly amazing. Tender and juicy with no shrimpy aftertaste, and the chicken was equally tender and juicy without leaving you questioning whether he meat may have been over cooked. I'll be back for SURE!
We are visiting NYC. We used the Seamless app to order two Mughlai Specials to the hotel. A+!!! I wish we had this back home. My husband and I both ordered the same appetizer and Chicken Tikka Masala, plus the huge slice of naan that comes with it. The price was unbelievably low. In the end, we split one special (I put part of mine away for a late night snack), and we are going to eat the other half tomorrow! So. Much. Food. I will say, though, the sauce was a bit sweet. It was a little bit like spaghetti sauce over rice with chicken, but at least I didn't burn my mouth. I would be a regular, if I lived nearby.
my review from before remains the same, but just adding an update with some adviceif they ask if you want to make a dish spicy... BE CAREFUL. i thought i could handle it (and i probably should have gotten the hint when the waiter asked several times if I was sure)It was pretty DARN SPICY (and i have a decent spicy tolerance). He even said that he asked the cooks to make it a little less spicy.  It was pretty painful. still delicious but i wouldn't get it spicy again haha. Shoutout to the waiter who brought me some free yogurt sauce to help w/ the spiciness
Went there last night for dinner, and to put it simply- the food was amazing. Hands down, best chicken makhani ever! The staff was extremely friendly, the decor and music was great, and the rasmalai was the perfect end to our meal.Definitely recommend it to anyone who's looking to have some yummy Indian food!
This is an observational warning: I walked past this place at around 4pm the other day, before it opened for dinner. I saw someone (employee or owner, not sure) lying down on the bench seats against the wall, with their bare feet right next to one of the table place settings. I don't care how good the food is, I can't eat at a restaurant knowing that foot germs might have gotten near my plate and utensils.
This place is fantastic. The service was prompt and attentive. Our server made great recommendations. And the curries were really rich and tasty. And if you eat here for lunch you get 50 percent off!If you find yourself in Murray Hill, eat here!
I ordered the chicken tikka masala for delivery. The chicken was all undercooked and inedible.
Ordered Rogan Josh for lunch today. The delivery got to me on time so full marks for that. But the food was lousy. It was ordinary at best. The Naan bread was soft and chewy (not how it should be) and the lamb dish was nothing special.Not recommend this place as they are many other restaurants that will serve the same quality food for half the price. That's the other thing: it was pricey, esp for the quality they were serving. Will not be ordering again, its a pass!
Delicious! We came here because of the amazing reviews on Yelp and we were not disappointed at all. We all love Indian food and every dish was wonderful - samosa, malai kofta, navrattan korma, and paneer makhani. The service was great as well and they offered us a free bowl of rice which was very sweet of them. We also got jeera rice because of the owner's recommendation and it went well with EVERYTHING. So amazing.
I honestly don't know what to say. This was some of the best Indian food I have eaten in the US. We started off with the kachori chaat which had a distinctive flavor, which I liked. It reminds me of niche places in India where the food is not 100% the same from store to store. It is very hard to differentiate your chaats since the base of them is often the exact same, but the kachori chaat had a taste of its own. As a vegetarian, I decided to try the paneer burji curry with naan and rice. As a true Indian, I got it a bit spicier, and boy did it deliver. It was phenomenally spicy, but not an overwhelming spice where I miss the depth of flavor, but spicy enough to give it a kick (Disclaimer: May be spicier because I am Indian). The naan was a tad oily which is something I am not a huge fan of, but was definitely hot and soft. All in all very good main course. The last course was a free kheer of sorts, but it really was slightly offputting. It was a mix between cottage cheese and true kheer and the texture just bothered me. As someone who has eaten 100s of kheers, this one was just slightly unappetizing. The friend I went with didn't even want to eat his after looking at it. All in all the food we ordered was delicious, but the dessert bit and slightly confused servers who kept asking us if we ordered give it a 4 star in my book. However, the food is nonetheless very good, especially for an Indian restaurant in the US.
The best indian food I've ever had. So much flavor. The owner is the most hospitable. Great experience.
Got delivery and it was AMAZING. Seriously recommend the chicken tiki masala and the keema naan! The goat curry was pretty good, but there was a lot of bone that's the only thing I would change
MughlaiNY Manhattan Kips Bay6:30pm Sunday 26th June 2016Four StarsThe place was fairly empty.  The decorations were nice but a bit dated. We sat a table by the window. They don't have beer or wine but they do have mango lassi.  They allowed us a bring in a bottle of merlot without a corkage fee. The complimentary Parpadum was very thin, flat, crispy, but way too salty for my tastes. The rest of the table gobbled them up.  We ordered two Chicken Tikka Masalas, a Lamb Vindaloo, a Saag Makhani and basket of Garlic Naan.  The dishes always look small but are actually quite filling. The Chicken was breast meat and a bit dry.  The Masala sauce was creamy, spiced, and tomato-y. The Lamb was braised to a tender consistency. The Vindaloo sauce was too much tomato and harrisa.  There was some vinegar and sweetness but it was greatly over powered by spicy. The Makhani was a mistake because it was too close to the Masala sauce. The Service was good. The prices were reasonable. Overall, a pretty good Indian Restaurant.
This was my first time having Indian so I don't have anything to compare it to. However, there was nothing that I didn't like. Every item from the curry goat to butter chicken was incredible and full of flavor. Beyond the excellent food, the service was five stars! The owner checked in on us and guided me through the menu. I'll absolutely be back!
Very good place.  Helpful pleasant waiters and nice atmosphere. Saag paneer and lamb/goat bhuna were particularly good. Nicely seasoned dishes with good complexity, if a bit mild (asked for medium, but probably got Anglo medium). Well priced too.
Even our 5 year old son said "Delicious....I loved it"...Great food. Great service. Great people.
I often enjoy going to Mughlai on the UES and was excited to bring to this one when she came to visit. We stopped by for lunch on a weekday, and there were a few other occupied tables that afternoon. The UES location is always friendly and welcoming, but our waiter here seemed less welcoming but still attentive. I ordered the Rogan Josh (goat) "very spicy" as I always do, my mom ordered the Mughlai Chicken, and we had a bread basket with the onion, mint, and plain paratha. They arrived promptly, but my Rogan Josh seemed really different. It was less flavorful and hardly spicy at all. Another server (perhaps manager?) at the restaurant was kind enough to come by and say that he overhead me ask for the dish to be spicy and offered to bring me some chiles, which I gladly accepted. The dish was better with the addition of the chiles, but it would have been easier to eat if I didn't have to bite a piece off a whole chile with each bite. The Mughlai Chicken was bad, although I don't think I would order it again. I did enjoy the onion naan so I will almost certainly order that again at the UES.The biggest kicker for me was after the meal when I went to use the restroom. I knocked, and heard a voice that said "almost done." Within the next 5 seconds, I heard the toilet flush and the door open. (Mind you, the urinal was still draining as I walked in so there was definitely no time to wash hands - and the sink was dry.) To my horror, a cook walked out and went right back to the kitchen.All in all, the lunch special is great (50% off), and I love Mughlai, but the two locations seem so different that I don't think I'll be visiting this location again in the future.FOOD: 2/5ENVIRONMENT: 2/5SERVICE: 3/5VALUE: 4/5OVERALL: 2/5
Excellent authentic food. Hidden gem. Probably the best Indian food I have tried so far in NYC.Two of us ordered the Chicken Makhni and Kheema Matar (both come with large quantities of rice) and a side of Parhanta. For desert we had the Kheer. Delicious! Service was absolutely outstanding and the best I've experienced so far in NYC. Definitely returning to try their wide array of kebabs!!
Pleasantly surprised! We don't normally stray from our Indian spots in lex but today it was an off hour for an early dinner and Mughlai was open and had good reviews. The nice reviews are true. Delicious food and great service! The saag paneer and lentils where fantastic and a delicious rice dessert on the house was a perfect sweet to end on. The manager was lovely. We will be back!
Very good. Food was prepared great and it came super fast. Try the chicken tikka masala. The vindaloo was super spicy and  both cleared the sinuses and made me happy.
Chicken Makhani was awesome had it with some Naan best thing I've ever had in that area its  sweet but balanced
We went in at about 9:30 for a quick dinner to be greeted by sighs and waiters who made us feel like they were doing us a very painful favor. Also told us that they can only take the full order and nothing less when we asked them to start us off with an appetizer. We ordered their Dum Biryani, which was soggy and every bite was riddled with whole spices. felt like it was scraped out of the bottom of the pot.Will not be returning.
This review is based off a catering order. In an area with lots of Indian restaurants to choose from, Mughlai sets itself apart not only with its delicious food but also with its top notch service.Setting up a catering order with the owners/ managers, Girish(sp?) and Deepak was easy and quick. Deepak helped me with finalizing the menu making the process free of stress. Also, the food was delivered to us on time.As for the food itself, we ordered Tandoori Chicken, Goa Fish Curry, Saag Paneer, Navratan Korma, and Lamb Biryani. Every single dish that our group of 50 tried was delicious. I've had past experiences with large catering orders before and have found that the quality of the food is not up to par in large quantities. This was not the case with Mughlai's food. The chicken was flavorful and not dry. The Goa fish curry was made with salmon not a cheap fish. The biryani and the vegetables were also spectacular. Overall my experience with Mughlai was incredible and recommend everybody to try out their food and their amazing 50% off lunch special.
We found this little treasure on our way back from Central park. The ambience + experience + Tasty food totally makes this place a "must go" restaurant. This place looked like a small cosy bistro which will totally will make for a really nice romantic dinner. The employees in the place are really friendly and help you make the right decision based on your needs. I will recommend this place to anyone who wants a nice indian food and also wants a good experience.
Definitely not mughlai cuisine. The meats (lamb and chicken) were tough, the curries were weirdly sour, the saag was watery. The naans were the only good thing. As a person who grew up eating mughlai food, I cannot in good faith recommend this place to anyone. This is third rate Indian food at best. Go to Lexington and 27th for many better options.
A nice location with OK service, but distinctly average food with high prices and small portions. Only 1 portion of rice given for 2 people, we were charged $3.50 for a 2nd (tiny) portion of rice. Chicken tikka was too sweet and my Keema Matar had almost disintegrated peas and was the kind of hot you get when it's just been microwaved, although I can't be sure.
Had this for delivery--delivery was on time which was great. Ordered the Tikka masala and it was way too sweet--tasted like the sauce was ketchup. Naan was chewy and rubbery which is not that big of a deal because it was probably in transit for 40 min.
Great place! The food is amazing (and the lunch special is especially well-priced), the wifi and tables are convenient if you want to get some work done, and the wait staff are all super, super nice! Definitely would come back.
Good spot, nice host, solid chicken saagwala, locals following, amazing lunch discount. A steal!
Delicious food! My go to Indian cuisine in nyc. The daals and vegetables are absolutely full of flavors. I never generally write reviews but I have ordered from this place a number of times now only because the quality of food!
Very small restaurant-- make a reservation if you want to eat here! The Lamb Rogan Josh was good, the Sang Paneer was okay, however the chicken tikka masala was not very flavorful or memorable. Garlic naan was probably the best item.
Had a fabulous dinner here!! Service was exceptional, not rushed even though we were there a little bit late. We had a bottle of wine and the cauliflower app, which was pretty good. I had the Malai Kofta which was amazing, great flavor. The house rice also adds a nice touch, very interesting with a crunch. Cozy decor and lovely atmosphere.
Everything was great until halfway through the food, my friend and I saw a dead cockroach in the veggie curry.  Let's just say, you couldn't pay me to eat here again. I guess some people like a roach in their food though.
My boyfriend and I regularly order Seamless from this place, and it is SO GOOD. They're one of the few Indian places that has lamb vindaloo spicy enough to satisfy him!Favorites are the mango lassi, garlic naan, kebab, paneer makhani (so delicious), and as I said, lamb vindaloo. All entrees come with rice, which is great, and if you order online they have the Mughlai Special, in which you can get an appetizer, entree, rice, and naan all for something like $15. Not bad! The only thing I've had that I don't love is their samosa, which is just okay-- not quite crispy enough. I still order it a lot though because it's pretty good.
Had a great experience here- the owner was so friendly and answered all our questions about the menu!The food was delicious and came quickly. Will definitely be coming here again!
We ordered delivery from here last night for dinner - chicken tikka masala and paneer makhani with a garlic naan. The garlic naan was good, chicken tikka masala okay, and paneer makhani was horrible. The paneer was dry and rubbery and the sauce was super sweet and the color was very bright, almost like they either used ketchup or food coloring (or both). Wouldn't order from here again.
I ordered chicken tandoori for dinner. When the chicken came, one piece tasted off and the other piece was raw inside. The restaurant wouldn't even offer a full refund.
Good Indian food, but with a bit of a wait. I got a fish curry and it tasted well with the provided naan. The restaurant was quite cozy and we had to call ahead for a reservation. The waiters were friendly, too. I would go back if I weren't leaving NYC so soon...
Best Indian food in Manhattan.  Come for lunch and pay 50% off the menu prices.  This place is a true gem.
Disappointing food and took forever to deliver.I ordered Chaat and Paneer. The Chaat was soggy and the paneer was extremely hard.They promise 45 - 60 minutes but I did not receive my order for 90 minutes.I would not order from this place again.
Wonderful Indian food! I am a sucker for it and enjoyed every bite of my food. The chicken tikka masala is amazing, pieces of chicken are in creamy tomato sauce. If you get the Mughali special, you'll get one app., one entree, naan, and raita. ALL for 14.95, which is a steal. There rose and mango lassi is pretty interesting, it taste like flavored yogurt. I didn't like the rose but the mango was good. For appetizers I had aloo papri chaat was amazing (must get) and samosa, which was good but not a favorite. The restaurant is small and cute, I love Indian interior..my favorite.  I would totally eat from here again!
Very tasty and accommodatingFriendly staff,  well prepared dishes, good kitchen service
go for their lunch special and order their dum aloo with garlic naan! the food is great, staff is kind, and it's also very affordable.
I'm not sure what Mughlai means but I am feeling it. I have to start by saying that I was dragged here by my bf as I generally find that Indian food in Manhattan is quite subpar and leaves me bloated for at least 48 hours....as if I've eaten Willie Wonka's Dinner Chewing Gum and have now blown up like a blueberry. With that being said, this place was great. We got the grilled platter. The tandoori chicken was the best. I was really hoping they would include some paneer in it but they didn't. Oh well....The chicken was really moist and flavorful. The kabobs weren't great so next time I would just order the tandoori chicken instead of the platter. The chutneys that came with it were great. The mango lassi was delicious. Basically a big smoothie. It didn't have that sour aftertaste that I often find with lassis, which I don't like. The lamb saagwala was very good. The spices were well opened and tasted fresh. The pieces of lamb were good sized. The chicken vindaloo was also quite good. However, I would have expected it to be a bit spicier...or that at least they would offer a suicide spicy option. The garlic naan is not to be missed. It was puffy, chewy, garlicy. Definitely order a serving of the garlic naan. Overall, in terms of the food, I would say my only complaint is that the serving sizes were on the small side for dine in. But this may just be because I wanted more because it was really good!The service was also spectacular. The owner of the place made sure to take care of everyone. Despite it being 100 degrees, he still wore a suit and went to each table to check on everyone and make sure everyone was happy. He must have been hot as balls but he suffered through it like a champ. It really shows that he was proud of his business, which is always reflected in the product. As a result the service was amazing. Food came promptly, glasses were filled all the time. He recommended dishes and based on what you say you might like...and even stopped you from ordering too much. Plates were cleared very quickly. The best part was that he was able to take care of everyone and give everyone attention without them feeling intruded upon. The environment was also cute. Its not too loud to have a conversation like all the other places in the area. I wouldn't say the decor is anything that you would see out of a magazine but it was comfortable. I just wish the AC was working a little harder. Overall, its a restaurant vibe more geared towards well established couples, friends and families. I'm not sure I'd want to go on a first date here. Think of it this way....would you be comfortable eating fries in bed with your partner....I'd go here again...and I've only said that about one other Indian restaurant in all of North America.
My father grew up in Bombay. This is the best Indian restaurant I've found in Manhattan after 3 years here. Had the tandoori chicken, fish curry, regular naan, a rose lassi, and specially asked for a salted lassi that's not on the menu.
Well, even though the owner suggested the appetizer and it was good, his opinion about the spicy( asking the cooks to make more spicy) of the food IT WAS WRONG and dinner turned out horrible, nobody enjoy the meal, besides that one of my friends it was her first time eating Indian food.
Got this delivered today for the first time and it was excellent. I ordered the Butter Chicken (Chicken Makhani) and was very happy with the generous portion and flavor of the food. This also included a portion of basmati rice for a total of ~$14. I have tried several Indian restaurants in the area and this is one of my favorites so far. I haven't been to the restaurant itself, only gotten delivery, but the food is great and was delivered quickly.
Food was ok, the server we had was not very nice when we were ordering food, he kept on making us ordering more food and seemed mean. didnt give us a smile until we got the check.  The service was bad, and wouldnt suggest to come if you are expecting a happy family dinner at this place.
Authentic Indian, very easy to order, food was very fulfilling.  A very nice owner was there to make sure all are happy.  We got free sweet desert which was nice after eating spicy food. Overall nice place to stop for dinner with friends.  I gave it 4 stars now because it was a first visit but might upgrade to 5 for consistency.
I have only been here twice but it is definitely one of my favorite Indian food places! I would only go for the lunch special which is from 11 am-3pm because almost everything on the menu is 50% off. The vegetarian dum aloo is amazing as well as their garlic naan. The rice costs extra as well but it's worth it since the lunch special makes everything so cheap.
I never write reviews but this is the best Indian  food I've ever had. Unbeatable service and the friendliest staff. Try the goat curry and the cauliflower appetizer.
Man. I don't know. The portion was hella small or rink a dink for the price. I mean yeah - I get it's NYC but cmon bruh. Anyway. The food was aiiiight. But damn. Let me go back on the price. Cmon bruh. And the waiter said our food came with complimentary rice. Don't the dishes come with rice? Cmon bruh. 3 stars? I think I'm nice with it.
Such great food! Get the gobi lasuni (cauliflower app)! Amazing!!!!!!! The tikka was perfect! So good and friendly staff!
I walked in to make a takeout order at 6pm on a Wed and the place was totally empty. The proprietor is very kind and seated me with a complimentary mango juice while I waited. I loved the food from the UES location I had delivered over the weekend. The Mughlai special has me hooked. I will definitely be back.The food here is great! The lentil soup wasn't as good as the other location but I could have just gotten the last of the batch or something. I'm not phased by it.Also, you get lots of sauces! So many tastes to enjoy!EDIT: I love Mughlai! My girlfriend and I love to come here or order takeout when she is working late or overnight at the hospital. Food is always very tasty and the service is great. We have our usuals but also explore the menu sometimes. If you're looking for a great reliable Indian place, you've found it!
Such good, flavorful food!  We ordered four different dishes and all were amazing. The Saag paneer is the best I've had!  The rice pudding is excellent!  I love the decor. The owner is the man. The prices are very reasonable. What more could you ask for?
In an area that's loaded with Indian restaurants, Mughlai stands head and shoulders above the rest. We've eaten there 9 times as of this writing, and every meal and every dish has been exemplary. Indian staple Chicken Tikka Masala is prepared beautifully, with an exceptionally flavorful sauce. We also love their Tandoori Chicken, Paneer Tikka appetizer, Chicken Makhani, Mughlai Shrimp Curry, and Baingan Bhartha, which is roasted eggplant cooked with onions and veggies. The decor is clean and comfortable...a far cry from the strangely ornate themes found in many better Indian restaurants. And forget about the murky decide in restaurants along Curry Row. The service impeccible...friendly and they don't hover. Simply put, a true gem in the Gramercy/Kips Bay neighborhood.
Warning: do not use Yelp24.  I was misled on the delivery time and after two hours food still did not arrive. Yelp would not compensate / restaurant did not offer refund. This is the second time delivery was extremely long from using Yelp24. Maybe it means within 24 hours? Skip it.
Amazing!! The food was incredible and the staff was so nice! They showed my kids the tandoori oven and gave us complementary naan. I would recommend this place to everyone!
Okay. I didn't think I even liked Indian food. But then I got delivery from this place. The Mughlai special is too great that it almost makes no sense. I got chicken tikka masala, rice, naan, and not one but TWO SAMOSAS with four sauces on the side that I didn't even ask for that they generously threw in. And it was $14.75. I don't even feel worthy of this meal for this price, but I'm really really happy about it. Everything is delicious. And there is SO MUCH OF IT. Also, the delivery man was really nice and cool and got to my apartment within a reasonable time. I think he was smiling because he knew he'd deliver my food and then I'd write this review because how can you not?Whoever doesn't like this place: why does nothing please you? What more do you want? If this place ever goes out of business, there is no God. That's all.
Amazing food, amazing environment, amazing service. Couldn't have asked for more! Rice pudding dessert was especially yummy!
We stumbled onto this place while vacationing in the area in May of 2016. The place was awesome with a very wide and varied menu offering. The food was delicious and efficiently prepared. The interior was comfortable, small and luckily not crowded when we visited- but it looks like it could become crowded very easily. I would say from the amount of take-out that went out via bike-men that this place must be very popular for take-out. The service was truly excellent. The bathroom experience was kind of adventure, hard to explain- you just have to experience it for yourself. But it was extremely clean- which is what counts. I would certainly return if we are ever in the area again.
Have been looking for a good Indian restaurant and this one far exceeded my expectations.  The food was excellent and the service and atmosphere was even better.  This will definitely be my go-to place for Indian, whether I dine in or have delivery. I strongly recommend!!
My favorite Indian food in the neighborhood!  We love, love, love this place!  It's a bit over-priced but we keep going back anyway.  We usually order online but recently decided to actually check out the restaurant.  We were surprised to find that, for the same price, you are given less than half the food.  If you're going to spend the money, it makes more sense to order online and get larger portions that will last a few days.  It was pretty disappointing to pay the same over-priced bill and receive significantly less food.  With that said, the food is still good enough that we'll keep returning (online!)
Not worth your time, money and experience. Very trashy. Every dish was just a bunch of tomato sauce with no definition. Dont trust this yelp rating, it is no where near 3 stars.
Great menu! Super quality food and they love kids! Mango Lassi and desert was on the house! Great reason to ride the 2.
The Mughlai special is a great deal.  Our Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer were really good and the food showed up warm.  The samosas were also good.  Would definitely order delivery from them again.
I've dined in for the lunch special (half off) and seamless. Both great experiences. Their tikka masala curry is on point not greasy but the perfect amount of cream and punch of spice. Also they put a decent amount of chicken or paneer unlike other places.
Visited here with 6 family members. We were not too familiar with the menu but the owner offered to feed us. I love it when that happens. We dropped our menus and put ourselves in his hands. He served us up an amazing and varied feast of the most delicious food. The service was attentive and we had a fantastic experience. We ordered extra chicken Makhani as that was our favorite.
It was okay. The Chicken Tikka Masala had a Ragu Marina sauce with not a hint of spice. The Saag Paneer was not very flavorful. The Paneer was delicious.
My husband and I had an excellent meal here. We've tried many of the spots on Lexington and this beats them all. We ordered the aloo papri chaat, mughlai vegetable curry, palak paneer, and a mint paratha. The food was very flavorful, spicy as per our request, and not greasy or heavy like most other Indian spots.
I don't write too many reviews, but after visiting Mughlai I feel I have to. Me and my wife dined in on 4/6/2016. I will first start by saying the food was amazing. We had the samosa along with the chicken tikka masala and goat curry. Complimented with rice nan and a mango lasi. For dessert we tried the gulab jamun and rasmali. Everything we tasted was amazing. Spices were a perfect blend and very authentic. The service was amazing as well. We were greeted by the owner as well who thanked us for coming. I would give more stars if I could. If you want some really tasty authentic indian cuisine, this place is a must. We are already planning a return visit with more family.
This is the best kept secret in NY! Authentic northern Indian food. and BYOB!From a Sindhi and a Punjabi eater "Amazing place, good food, stellar service."We had my friend's birthday lunch there. 12 people, $25 a piece, and we ate everything on the menu!Ask for Gary! He's the sweetest manager ever! The allowed us to bring cake, decorations and our own bubbly.My friends and I are starting a tradition to do all our birthdays at Mughlai!!
Yummm. Great Indian food that warms the heart. I've gotten the eggplant dish, lamb rogan josh and chicken curry. All were delicious. The hospitality is also amazing. Nice people, nice atmosphere, and great food, what more could you ask for?
The owner was so kind and attentive, and the food was by far the best Indian we've had in the area. Great atmosphere, nice decor, and solid prices for how great the food was. 10/10 would recommend.
We ordered from Mughlai for a catering event at NYU for 80 people. They were a pleasure to work with and made sure we were taken care of. The service was incredible and the food was even better! Highly recommend!
The owner gave a warm welcome to us. The food was really tasty. We ordered paneer tikka for apppetozer and bengan bharta for entree. The food was delicious will go back. The crew is friendly as well.
Meal: Mango Lassi, Palak Shorba, Mughlai Curry, Chicken Biryani, Baingan Bhartha, Onion Kulcha.Incredible. The one fall back that my wife and I always have in times of restaurant disagreement is Indian food. Having eaten at almost every Indian restaurant within a five mile radius of Jackson Heights (Jackson Diner, Delhi Heights, Samudra, Seva, and Masala), numerous in Murray Hill and the East Village, and having eaten at most, if not all, of the upscale Indian restaurants in Manhattan (Junoon and Tamarind)--I would say this place is now one of my favorites.We visited this place on a busy Friday night and were seated almost immediately by the friendly and attentive staff. On to the food:Palak Shorba-I always try the soups. This is unlike any I've had before. A creamy, buttery spinach soup. Get it.Mughlai Curry-complexly spiced curry dish with tender chicken chunks. A must. Chicken Biryani-I've heard from some that Chicken Biryani is the true test of the chef's talents. This was top notch. Perfectly spiced, tender chicken, with wonderful egg slices on top. Baingan Bhartha-I usually don't get this dish, but I thought I would stray from the ordinary and I was not disappointed. This may have been my favorite. No explanation. Just get it. Did not have room for dessert. Wish I did. Looked good. Will definitely be going back on a routine basis. So many more things to try.
Amazing meal! Chicken Korma, samosa, paneer, and naan and Lasuni Gobi. Delightful friendly service. Personal touches. Will definitely return!
Just walked by the guy who hands out their menus on the sidewalk and he said "nice legs," one star for sexual harassment by their employees.
We order a delivery from Mughlai every other week, but also dine in frequently. We are never disappointed. The food is amazing! Best Indian food in the city.
Owner was a gracious host.  He ordered our delicious meal for my party and did not disappoint.  He suggested goat, grilled lamb, cauliflower.  Flavors were distinct and bold.  Definitely worth spreading word of mouth.  It helped owner spoke tagalog.  He was a delight to talk to.
A friend and I went to this restaurant for the first time last week. We had read the good reviews prior to going.  We were NOT DISAPPOINTED!  First we liked to warm friendly atmosphere. The room is very welcoming. Second Deepak was a perfect host. He helped us make menu choices and his recommendations were excellent. And of course, lastly, the food was outstanding. Deepak recommended the lamb korma and it was the best we had ever had. The bread was truly a masterpiece.  The prices were also quite reasonable. We definitely plan to go back many times!
Take it from a desi - best North Indian food in the city. I eat here almost everyday, and it's the one place I break my diet for. Their Korma and Mughlai Paneer Tikka are mind-altering. Bless their speedy seamless delivery too.
just moved around the corner and went in with my wife to try  it out...wow. One of the best lamb vindaloos I've ever had. Great deal for lunch. Please don't change anything! Very good food.
Nice place. Nice service. Nice owner. Nice tables. Nice chairs. Nice cups. Ordered the chicken tika masala, garlic naan, crab cakes, and tandoori lamb chops. Food was great. Devoured it. Mopped up all the sauces with the naan. Owner (I think) gave us some complimentary rice pudding at the end. Stellar place. Like the vibe. Will be back.
Small place with good Indian food. Nice interiors friendly staff. I can say they have put effort to make it feel like India. The only bummer is the restrooms.. You have to go through the kitchen to the stairs crossing a zillions of item. It is definitely a turn off. Don't use the restroom & you should be good.
Food is solid --- especially the chana. More importantly, we ordered from this place on seamless and after an hour and twenty minutes of waiting, we called wondering where the food was. They were very nice on the phone and told us that, while they weren't able to check on exactly where the delivery person was, it should be there soon. About ten minutes later they called us and very apologetically said that the delivery person had had an incident and that all of the food he was carrying was undeliverable. While we were not super happy, they sounded extremely sincere on the phone and sent us out a meal quickly. Then the next day they called and apologized again and graciously offered to send us a free meal. We didn't turn them down.
Mughlai's owners are endearing, generous, and attentive. They clearly understand the meaning of relationships. The owners have put so much time and attention into every detail of the restaurant, importing decor directly from India -- clearly a project of love. Couldn't have asked for better service. Looking forward to its future success. Best wishes, Gary!
Yummy Indian food on a night we didn't feel up to heading out. Great curries, and big portions. We used EAT24 to order, and we had no problems. Seeing the place in person made me think it would be nice to eat there next time.
Indian soul food, no I am not Indian but from the first moment I tasted the food at Mughlai, my soul was filled with song and happiness.  I believe that the name of the restaurant has something to do with a King, but this Queen savors each and every bite each week when I participate in this weekly indulgence, yes it is food fit for the royals. Since this restaurant opened in the neighborhood, I cannot bring myself to eat at any of the Indian places I had regularly frequented. The quality and flavors of the food outshine the food from the typical restaurants found in nearby Lexington Avenue or 6th street. I have enjoyed many of the dishes I have sampled but I just cannot pass up ordering the Fish Goa and the lamb Bhuna.Of course, those dishes have to be accompanied with a bread basket of three different kinds of breads and their fluffy house rice. It's a good thing that they offer a lunch special of 50% off of the menu prices. But if you miss this deal, they also offer a discounted take out or delivery menu.Well enough about the food, although I can go on and on about it. What also keeps me coming back to this place is the service, hospitality, and friendliness of the staff. The owner is present each and every day, ensuring the quality of service, food, and ambiance and fostering a relaxing and enjoyable experience whether you are dining alone or with a group.
The food tasted well but portions were MISERABLE. I ordered chicken tikka masala and got 5 (yes 5, I couldn't help but count them) pieces of chicken. Each measured an inch at most. The service was also fairly bad. When I pointed out the miserable sizes of the portions, instead of trying to fix it they decided to point out that nobody else was complaining. Incredibly rude. And yes, sure enough, other people complained about the sizes after we mentioned it. Definitely not recommending this place, with so many Indian food restaurants around here there is no reason why you should waste your time and money here.
Great Indian cuisine! I really enjoyed my meal (I had the mix platter). The ambience was nice and peaceful; the service exceptional. I will definitely be coming back! Thank you Mughlai!
As a person who'd like to try Indian food whenever possible (and regularly has it many times a week), I can say that this place is probably the best/most authentic North Indian offering in town. Staff here is super friendly and is willing to adjust orders to suit person preferences. If you are in the mood, talk to the owner - he's a bit quiet, but has great life stories! Overall excellent experience every time I'm there. Strongly recommend to any casual/serious Indian restaurant goers!
Worst delivery experience ever. Took an hour forty when it said 45/60. Cold food. No utensils. Called twice very politely after one hour and they were very rude and reflective. Food was okay but ruined by experience.
I just got back from India and I can say this place is extremely authentic! The food is rich and flavorful, well-spiced, and very reasonably priced. The staff/management were super friendly too and asked me about my trip.
I randomly found this place one night and I must say it was delicious. The quality of their garlic naan was really good and it tasted fresh. I tried their mughlai chicken curry and paneer makhani and they were both delicious. On top of the food being amazing, the service was phenomenal and I will def go again.
LOVE Mughlai!  The owner Deepak's personal, warm touch is only matched by the delicious, fresh authentic food.  Do not miss the chicken korma or the paneer tika appetizer, you will not be sorry!!  Love!!
Best Indian food in NYC. Cauliflower Lasuni Gobi was absolutely phenomenal - definitely my favorite. I went with my 3 boys and they said it was the best Chicken Tikka Marsala they have ever had. In addition to great food, they have a very friendly staff with great service.
Pretty Good! Just ordered pickup. The special is worth the money because they give you generous portions and the food is delicious. Also the staff was really kind!
Great ambience and decor.   Chicken saag was fantastic but garlic naan is the best!  Plan to come back and try my benchmark dish,chicken tikka.  Great service too.
Everything was excellent. Promptly and warmly greeted. Food was incredibly fresh and delicious. Dessert was on the house, just because, and it was a tasty, spiced rice pudding. Highly recommend!
When we walked in the owner shook our hands and said "Nice to meet you." It was then that I realized that we struck gold. Get the paneer tikka, and say hi to the owner for me.
Horrible. After an hour the food was still not here. Called they said Sorry 20 min and hung up. 29 min later we call and get the same response only more dismissive, we are busy be there in 20 min and hung up. When the food finally did arrive it was ice cold a tiny potion and was just bad tasting. We threw it out.  I hope this review makes them less busy so they can learn some manners and how to cook.
Great food and service. We usually call them for delivery, they are always nice, and will make an effort if needed. The food it self is just delicious, we love it. Definitely one of our favorites.
The food was a solid 4 stars.. Fresh, homemade, and very good, albeit I would have liked a little more spice (not heat, but flavor). The service, however, is VERY good. The staff is super nice, friendly and accommodating. We came here with our toddler son and teenage nephew and everyone was more than satisfied.
Best Indian food in the area!  Tiny, cozy space that brings the flavor!  Portions are perfectly sized and the service is outstanding!  They truly care about their customers and strive to be the best.  You can't go wrong with the Aloo Papri Chaat appetizer.  It is full of flavor/textures and is absolutely delicious!  The Paneer Makhani with the garlic naan on the side is heaven.  I dream about it!  Another perk is that this place is BYOB!   Go here- you will not be disappointed!!
The food here was solid, but not better than you'd expect to find in the best Indian places in most mid-sized cities.  Not really up to the high standards I have for New York.  The Baingan Bhartha was the only (small) stand-out.
Best indian I've ever had! They have a $15 take-out special which is awesome. The tamatar shorba is smooth and rich, samosas are awesome, and they serve you a little rice pussing as a dessert. They even went out of their way to make me samosa chat, which isn't even on the menu! The servers are so nice and remember faces easily. Just a great place all around. I wouldn't recommend any other place.
If we would have written this last night - scratch that, we wouldn't have written it last night because there wouldn't have been anything positive to say. To make a long story short, my boyfriend and I haven't ordered Indian food in a long time and were excited that a new place opened up in the neighborhood. There were a number of complications with the order we placed at 8 PM, which we didn't receive until 10:45, none of which can be blamed on the staff at Mughlai. We've done our fair share of complaining to restaurants when our food doesn't arrive on time, but the personal attention that we received from the owner, Gary, last night was absolutely the best customer service we've ever experienced. He profusely apologized for our extreme delay in delivery, which, by the way, was AMAZING! We can hardly wait to get to Mughlai to meet Gary and thank him in person for everything he did for us and we're so happy we've found a new neighborhood Indian food gem.
This place is awesome!  The wait staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  The service is prompt and the food is delicious.  They even had stain removal wipes for when I spilled some food on my pants.  I highly recommend this place based off of the quality service and delicious food.
Mughlai is wonderful! I actually created an account on Yelp just to review Mughlai. It was a GREAT experience, for more than just the food. I live a block away from Mughlai and I've been meaning to try it for a while now but hadn't gotten around to it. I've never had Indian food before so I was a little intimidated, but my waiter and the owner were SO helpful. For an appetizer, they recommended the Chicken Chop. It was fall-off-the-bone tender, with delicious spices. They gave us some sauces (get the date/tamarind sauce, and the mint/cilantro sauce--they are AWESOME) that paired really well with this dish.My boyfriend got the Tandoori Platter--this was such a great dish for first-timers. Offers about 6 different variations of meats: shrimp, salmon, chicken, lamb prepared various ways and ALL delicious.I got the Tikka Masala and it is the BOMB. Comes with rice and we ordered Garlic Naan. We were so stuffed but could not stop eating.Also, they gave me a Rose Lassi on the house, and they brought out free rice pudding at the end (I'm pretty sure they do that for everyone.) The food was wonderful and the service was even better. You will NOT regret coming to Mughlai, we only regret not coming sooner.
Mughlai was simply delicious. Ordered in tikka masala, aloo gobi and some wonderful appetizers.  Everything was fresh and delivery was speedy, the dishes were exceptionally flavorful.  The samosas were flaky and delicious and the meal came with all the sauces.  I'm really excited to come eat here in person soon!
Best Indian ! It's always consistent and delicious. I usually get delivery which is always fast but tonight I picked up. When I got there early they gave me mango lassi for my wait and then gave me mango lassi to go! So kind and amazing. I really recommend this if you're looking for your go to spot.
Best Biryani and tikka I've had in New York City so far! The quantity is good and the masalas taste authentic.
Great experience but entree portions are small, and spice level of food needs to be specified. Service was ok.
Loved it! Stopped by to grab take out and everybody was so friendly and helpful. Plus the food was delicious. Coming back!
I waited 2 hours for delivery, and then the chicken Tikka Masala (seamless receipt confirmed) had no chicken and had paneer instead. They took their phone off the hook to avoid our calls, even though we weren't rude and being as understanding as possible.
Very good lunch menu selection. I ordered some food for a job party and it was really good and delivery was quick. A little pricey for lunch but if you have the extra couple of bucks its worth it.
While the food looks and smells delicious, we waited over 2 hours for a delivery from a restaurant a block away. I get that its busy, but a phone call is all you had to make.
Loved the goat biryani and Mughlai Goat curry. Warm hospitality and great service.  Highly recommended.
I went to Mughlai last night with three friends. They served hands down the best Indian food, and truthfully some of the best food period, I've ever had in my life. Without knowing exactly what to order, the owner graciously offered to cater to our taste preferences. I'm glad we trusted his judgement, because he nailed every single dish. We were blown away by how precisely he was able to pick out what each of us would enjoy. The bhel puri was especially divine. I don't even like cauliflower, and I went in for a second helping of the lasuni gobi! Each and every naan was outstanding, and the entrees were phenomenal as well. He even brought us the perfect bottle of wine based on our preferences. I'll DEFINITELY be coming back here, and frequently. I honestly  can't say enough good things about our dining experience at Mughlai.
Great new local indian spot in the neighborhood! The turnaround for this place to transform from Baluchi's was short (and the decor inside still feels very dated), but the food is a world of difference! I have now done the trifecta of delivery, takeout and dine in at Mughlai, and they have failed to disappoint. 50% discount for dine in (for now at least) EVEN ON WEEKENDS, also is not to be missed. Mixed Biryani was probably the highlight - i've never seen a dish so jam packed with goodies - two types of chicken, goat, lamb and shrimp. When dining in, the "chicken chop" also comes highly recommended - unbelievably tender and flavorful. Service, while it can be on the slow side is incredibly friendly. On one instance, I ordered for takeout, and after arriving, realized i had accidentally ordered from their other (uptown) location. The manager was so sympathetic that HE apologized to ME (even though the mixup was 100% my fault). He quickly had my dish re-made on the spot, and even gave me a free mango lassi while waiting. That's service!In an area with no shortage of competition for Indian food, Mughlai is making a very strong case for itself as my preferred delivery option.
I am in the process of moving and treated myself to the takeout special. Delicious, large serving, and reasonable delivery time.  I called the restaurant to compliment the manager.  My favorite food is Indian and my favorite restaurant Mughlai in Kips Bay
Recommended to this restaurant by a friend and they went above and beyond! Quick delivery and everything tasted great!
New Indian spot on 3rd ave just slightly outside of curry hill. The decor and ambiance inside is nice and worthy of bringing a group of any kind here. Make sure to try one of the "Mughlai" specials as its a designated house special. The rest of their dishes are delicious, too, but the taste profile is pretty much the same as other good curry hill spots close by. After our meal, the owner came by with free desserts, which were fantastic. Our waitress was wonderful, too! I'll be sure to come back!
Service was amazing. Food was exceptional. Owner guided us through house specialties which were even better than described. Such an exceptional experience owner really enjoys what he does!. Ordered delivery from them last time in town, thought I'd give the sit down experience a try. Will definitely put this on the list of "must visit" each time I come back. Vouching for both on-line ordering and sit down experience.
This place is absolutely fantastic! The food is really delicious and the staff is phenomenal. I will be back again and again! Please don't leave without trying the Lasuni Gobi!
The service here is above and beyond. While I waited for my takeout, they were nice enough to give me a free mango lassi! And I have to say it might have been the best drink I've ever had. I could not over-exaggerate how amazing it was. The food is delicious and I will definitely be eating here again and again (but especially for those lassis)!
The food was so good!  I had the tandoori chicken and garlic Naan which was wonderful. I tried my friend's daal and chicken tikka masala which was also excellent. The service was great and the owner is super friendly. For being a brand new place the ambiance was very nice.  The wooden tables and metal cups added a very nice touch to the overall experience. I am definitely going back!
Recently, my wife and I (along with our two boys) dined at Mughlai.  Upon entry, we were greeted with a smile.  We had a very nice table, and the lighting, decor, and cleanliness of the restaraunt was excellent.  My boys started off with a couple of delicious Indian smoothies, and my wife and I had beer and wine.  They have a very nice selection of beer and wine.  While I can 't remember all that we ordered, I can tell you that the food was delicous.  Everything came out at the perfect temperature and the portions were of great size.  At one point, they even invited my boys to go back and watch them make the bread.  This was super cool.  Garry, the owner, was very nice to speak with, and you could really tell that he was passionate about his restaraunt and ensuring the full satisfaction of his guests.  At the end of dinner, they came over with some very nice Indian deserts.  My favorite was the Indian style donut ball (sorry, i don't know the name).  If you're looking for an amazing Indian experience without breaking the bank, I would highly suggest this restaraunt.
Good service, nice cups and great vegetable biriyani.
Cute, quiet place in curry hill. Yummy food, good service. Very friendly staff. Goat curry was great and garlic naan was delicious.
Me and my friend were the second customers here when they opened. Really nice atmosphere, very friendly staff, very delicious food. The mango lassee (sp?) is really good and a must when you come here. The lunch special is what we come for. A must if you enjoy Indian food.
Happy to say we were Mughlai's first customers! Open for lunch we had incredible food with incredibly nice, humble, and generous restaurant owners making our meal unforgettable. Highly recommended this Indian restaurant has some of the best food we've had in a long time. Don't be shy, Samson (manager) and Raj (co owner) are extremely nice and don't miss out on a friendly conversation with them! We will be back for more very soon.
We ordered their take out special and it blew our minds!!! The chicken tikka masala is the best I've ever had. The only downside was that there was not enough liquid for dipping -- thats not to say that the portion was small... I would say that for someone who isn't a huge fan of dipping their naan, there was plenty, but I went through only half a piece of naan before the container was empty. Oops! The chicken tikka appetizer was so good too! The chutneys are yummy and the service was quick. I'll be ordering again many many times.
The food is delicious, and the staff is gracious and welcoming. Chicken curry is the best!
irs an amazing place for north indian food. I am a vegetarian and its awesome for us as well. i really like the biryani and the mushroom matar. We had a gathering and they managed it very well as well. The naans are always crispy and awesome.. love this place and the good work.
I ordered two dishes and I wasn't happy with any. It's extremely sad. I suggest ordering from some other place. You can get better food in the same price range.
Excellent biryani. Chick peas were also very good. Attentive service. Nice laid back atmosphere
Best indian in the area.  Owners are incredibly friendly too.  Totally unsurprised it got voted as one the of the best restaurants in Curry Hill.
Some of the best Indian food in Manhattan. Nice ambiance, attentive waitstaff. Great new restaurant in this neighborhood and will be back again for more great food.
Placed a catering order for my school. Negotiations were more than smooth and the food was fantastic! All of it was gone! Manager and assistants are super friendly. We ordered chicken and vegetable biryani, which were delicious! Lastly, their samosas and potato curry were amazing. Cannot wait to do business with them again.
We've ordered here 3 times now and were pleased every time. We stuck to the Lamb Vindaloo and Tikki Masala and have been happy with their flavor and quick, well-presented delivery. The garlic naan was great as well as the onion kulcha! we have yet to dine in but the delivery has been great and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a flavorful meal!
This restaurant uses too much of tomatoes in curry, I had ordered Goat curry, first of all Goat curry shouldn't have any tomatoes in it, all they had was tomato sauce base with pieces of tomatoes in it, the restaurant should be named Tomatoes Indian Cuisine. After complaining they changed the curry but still not on par on how the curry should taste, for God sake don't make it so it tastes like a ketchup curry, hope they take a note of it. 3 stars instead of 1 bcoz they made an attempt to correct the error.
This is place is new and trying to establish themselves in the neighborhood. I have been here 3 times and thought it was phenomenal all 3 times. The service is fantastic the waiter/waitress will explain anything on the menu and even make great recommendations. In addition, he/she will also explain the cultural significance or origin of the food if you are interested. The ambiance is authentic. The food is fresh and out of this world flavorful. The pricing is reasonable especially the 50% off lunch menu. The management is open to hearing your thoughts and ideas on all aspects of the experience. Highly recommend this place if you want an authentic rich experience without putting a dent in your wallet.
Amazing customer service and delicious food for the right price!! I love everything about this place. The owner is very welcoming and takes his time to answer any questions you may have about the dishes. This is definitely my new go to lunch spot!
We ordered from this restaurant via seamless and they sent us rice with tiny BUGS AND WORMS in it. I called the manager "Anthony" to complain, and he denied this. He told me I was mistaken and it was cumin, I told him cumin doesn't have legs!!!  I took pictures of the bugs (numerous bugs) and texted them to him at this request and he sent over a delivery guy to pick up the bug infested food. I called seamless, sent them the pictures and they are looking into this since it's such a public health hazard. The worst part of this is that the manager never apologized after seeing that he was in fact wrong and served us food with disgusting bugs, nor did he show any attempt at avoiding this situation in the future. If you decide to eat here, closely inspect your food because these rice bugs/worms can be cooked in it. I have added a picture of the bug in the photos section. Please DO NOT eat here!!!
Just finished lunch here a few minutes ago & it was fantastic! The service was excellent! Everyone was so friendly. I do not have much experience with Indian food and our waiter was so informative. We enjoyed the samosas, lasuni gobi, shrimp saagwala, and navrattan korma. They have a lunch special for 50% off, so for all of that food, it was only $25. Can't beat it.
Amazing food, service, and prices! Really really excited to be a regular at this quaint new spot in town. Had chicken makhani, chicken tikka masala, vegetable curry, naan, rice, a mango laasi and free rice pudding at the end as a thank you gesture for my loyalty (I've ordered take out several times already). Everything was so incredible. The flavors cannot be beat. Better than any Indian I've had in the city thus far :)
Great food, great service, great location. I really enjoyed Mughlai. The service was so great and they made great recommendations. The food was so flavorful and the prices are very fair. It's the best Indian place in the area that I have been to so far.
Went here for dinner the other night with my family- excellent service and food!  Loved that it's not as crammed as the other "Curry Hill" restaurants.  They made my whole family, especially my kids feel welcome.
Fantastic autentic tasty food.Friendly staff.A must try restraunt in New York.My personal recommendation is Baigan Bharta,its just yummy
Well priced, fresh and delicious - a nice add to the neighborhood. I had the chicken jalfrezi, which is very good especially when you can taste the crispness and crunch of the peppers. Great friendly service too.
