Tired after a day of sightseeing, we decided to order Chinese delivery as we were close to Chinatown. 45 minute delivery time for Twice cooked pork with rice noodles, shrimp fried rice and fried pork dumplings. Dumplings were so-so: tasted a bit doughy - undercooked.  Entrees were good, but nothing special.  I appreciated the efficiency and the complementary orange for dessert. I can't say that I would seek out this place the next time - though they are fast.
The sesame chicken tasted like literally nothing and the place is super overpriced. Don't believe the good reviews you see here!
If I could give this restaurant less than 1 star, I would. There was a hair in my food. I called the restaurant and apparently their policy is that they do not offer refunds on any food. They offer credit. As if I would ever consider ordering from this restaurant again? The boneless ribs were extremely fatty and dry and the vegetable dumplings were inedible.
What a gem! It is right on the water of Battery park.The service was excellent and accommodating.We had family style dim sum, and everything was delicious. Authentic Chinese too!I recommend the soup dumplings, Singapore rice noodles (absolutely LIT), and mango beef!And the waitstaff threw in red bean pastries for dessert! We were so happy.
This place really was not good... saw the good reviews and ordered take out. Got pork dumplings which were way too noodley and not very flavorful. Also got an order of sesame chicken which was really not good at all. The chicken was extremely extremely chewy and I ended up throwing the whole second half out. Not to mention this place is very over priced so at least I was expecting excellent quality. Definitely will not order again
Everything about this restaurant feels high end and refined.The  waterfront view is gorgeous.The service is attentive and friendly. The waiter walked us through our food choices, gauging our spice tolerance and commenting on which dishes were his favorite.The food is great. Our biggest comment on the food is that none of it was greasy so we could really enjoy the flavors. We ordered: scallion pancakes, which weren't too greasy and the perfect level of crispy; Szechuan beef noodle soup, which was AMAZING, the noodles were fresh and the beef was so tender it melted in my mouth; and mapo tofu, which had a gingery taste that wasn't too overwhelming, and the tofu was very tender.Would definitely recommend!
I was craving dim sum and so happy I landed this gem. The prices were way beyond affordable, which made it even better to order lots of food! Not to mention this little place is overlooking a scenic view in battery park. perfect little date spot! you definitely need to order spicy little bun w/ crabmeat, chicken leek dumpling and most importantly the glutinous rice and mushroom in lotus leaf (so delicious!!). However, i really don't recommend the pumpkin moci balls, too doughy!there are better places for desert!
Located in Battery City Park, this place is a semi tourist trap/ those who don't know better for Shanghai food. It is very quintessential for a huge markup on their food and waiters who have mastered the art of casually egging you to order more food. First of all: great view of the water. The markup for food is likely due to rent in this area. Do yourself a favor and sit by the window here or on a nice day outside. Food: Xiao long bao / Soup Dumplings: I'm very annoyed that this place will charge 8 dollars for 4 soup dumplings. That's right - 2 bucks a pop. There isn't anything wrong with the taste of the soup dumpling, but for 2 bucks a pop, not worth it. The soup dumpling isn't amazing or grandstanding to make it cost far more than any of the places in nearby Chinatown. Shanghai style rice cakes: This is my personal favorite to order no matter where I go. There is a certain way to cook this and unfortunately this place cooked it in a strange way. A usual rice cake dish has different types of lettuce, mushrooms, lotus roots stir fried with rice cakes, pork and maybe beef sometimes. This place made theirs with sour vegetables: while not terrible, it made an unusual taste to a pretty standard dish. Scallion pancakes: Tasty good and a pretty standard dish. Shumai: They 'encouraged' my friend and I to order this; it wasn't bad but again nothing amazing. Service was extremely attentive, to the point where they were hovering. Then again, we came on a relatively slow night and no other patrons were here. Overall, while the food isn't terrible, it isn't amazing, and the prices are overly marked up for the quality of food you receive.
Came here on a cold Sunday afternoon, it was quiet and almost seemed closed. As I came in, I got greeted and sat right away. The waiters are attentive and pleasant. I ordered scallion pancake, soup dumplings and they were very nice to add a soup on the house. The soup dumpligs were very good! The broth very tasteful and the dumpling skin not too chewy. Since I was one of the few customers in there that day, it was peaceful, looking at the water view out of the window. Everything about my visit was pleasant and I'd visit again if I'm nearby the area!
mediocre at best. Great service, clean restaurant, nice water view. The food was just "meh" especially considering the prices.We had the mapo tofu ( a bit too spicy but good)pan fried noodles with chicken (just O-K)and crispy sesame beef- this was *not* good, it tasted like burnt popcornwonton soup was good, spring rolls were just okay
I'm not big on writing reviews but this is in my neighborhood and people should know about it because it's a gem. My passion is Asian delicacies of all types and this restaurant is like being in Chinatown.I had dim sum over the weekend and it was fantastic. Anyone who eats Chinese food has got to love lo mein... theirs is interesting. They chose a flatter wider denser noodle which I thoroughly enjoyed. And because it is across the street from me I am now a regular :)))
Service:Attentive and really friendly. They made me feel super welcome!Food:My mom loved the soup dumplings and thought that the salt and pepper soft shell crab was excellent and really light. I enjoyed the pan fried egg noodles with chicken.  The chicken was tender and they used the correct size noodle.The view of the water was lovely and it was such a nice day.
Came here after reading great reviews and wanting to steer away from the hustle and bustle of Chinatown. Located in Battery Park right on the water, we opted to sit outside- the view is beautiful and it helps that it is a much quieter part of Manhattan. We ordered: Pork buns: yummy! Nice pork to bun ratioScallion pancakes: always a go to, good not too greasySzechuan dumplings in red chili oil: never had these before but they were deliciousSteamed little juicy buns: tasty, but I've had better ones in FlushingTea smoking duck- WOW! we could have ate 3 plates of this. crispy skin, juicy meat- we still dream about it. Highly recommend this!House special pan fried crispy egg noodles: I was not of fan of these, I did not like the sauce on the noodles but my boyfriend disagreed with me.Our waiter was extremely helpful and pleasant, very attentive- would definitely go back!
Food was average but they aren't worried about cleanliness.  A squirrel kept pestering the tables and jumped up on the service desk with utensils.  Sniffed the forks and spoons as the waiter looked on.  Jumped away and waiter walked away too. Rice and lice for dinner!
The service here only deserves one star. The food is average. It's close to battery park so it could have been a nice place before or after you go on the ferry. But the service so ruined it.
Admittedly, even though we live in the neighborhood it took us a little while to go to Ningbo Cafe as the menu seemed a bit eclectic and we weren't certain what we would like but it was definitely worth giving them a try! The dishes we had were all wonderful. We started with the Steamed Little Juicy Buns which were well prepared and authentic. For entrees, the Sizzling Chicken was excellent but the highlight though was definitely the Tea Smoking Duck - it is a bit like a traditional roast duck but more flavorful.  Will definitely return!
Not my first choice of Chinese food but given where it's located, this can be a good pit stop if you're in the mood for something Asian. This and Tipsy Shanghai are pretty much the only to doable Chinese restaurants in Fidi/Battery Park area.
Love this place! Excellent crab and pork xiao long bao and all the fish dishes. Wine selection could be improved but already decent for an authentic Shanghai food spot. Always clean and quiet. Very good for late night snack.  The scallion pancakes were a little bit oily but not the worst. Wonton was delicious; veggies were fresh.Definitely will come back.
A hidden gem, yes they are. The place is hard to find for a visitor like me who knows nothing about new york. They are located right behind the miramar cafe, btw. The service was outstanding. We ordered the fish fillet in rice wine sauce and it wass gooodd. Ordered the sizzling beef and closed with tripple layered ice cream and it tasted okay. Great ambience overlooking the water across battery park :)
Fast delivery, tasty food, especially the fried beef noodle. But the pie is just ok, nothing special. I would recommend it.
As a neighbor using this place as a back kitchen to order food, the service and the quality have gone downhill with constant ownership changes. Today is the last straws, I will not order from this place ever again.
Some of the worst Chinese food I've ever had. Overpriced and slow (delivery) as well. Never again. This place wasn't great when it was Liberty View, and it has clearly gone even further downhill. Avoid!
I was very skeptical when I came to Ningbo. The restaurants located on this corner for the last decade or so have been pretty lackluster so I had many concerns. I ended up pleasantly surprised as to the quality and authenticity of their food. They had staff that were both Cantonese and Mandarin speaking which was a plus and their recommendations in terms of food quantity and quality were great.The xiaolongbao had a reasonably thin skin and a rich soup. A bit on the expensive side but that's only in comparison to Chinatown. The tea smoked duck was very well done, among the best ducks I've had in the city. Filet of sole in wine sauce was recommended to us and was very reasonably priced. Taste wise it had the hint of wine I was looking for instead of a generic brown sauce. All in all it was a great meal and I would definitely return.
Lovely food and staff. We ordered soup dumplings, chicken with mixed vegetables, and eggplant with garlic sauce. Everyone loved the soup dumplings -- even my picky friend. :) The staff was attentive and kind. Would love to see the view of the water during the day next time. And spend an entire afternoon gazing out the window eating soup dumplings. :D :D
The place I would never go. I have a wordless comment on the food... Only the view stands out.
Great friendly Resturant. Right in the neighborhood.  Food was great, service was amazing! Lots of perks. Ask for Tom he is great
Real Authentic south Chinese dishes. It's way better than cafe china and china blue. Not for ppl who love spicy but for those who like shanghai dishes.
Excellent service, food, and ambience. The staff were very attentive to our needs. The food was superb and great value for your money. The ambience was calming and the view of the Hudson and Lady Liberty is wonderful. Very much recommended!
Came with a group on a cold sunday night. Ordered soup dumpling (xiao long bao), tea roasted duck, scallion pancake, rice cake, string bean. Would definitely recommend soup dumpling and tea roasted duck (4.5 stars for both). Rice cake is also good (4 stars). Scallion pancake is average. String bean is good but a little on salty side. They provided complimentary peanuts with seaweed appetizer, which is actually quite good (never seen that combo before). Would come back again.
Literally a hidden gem. I'm Shanghainese but I would've never found this place if it wasn't for my friend who took me here. The flavor of the food here was amazing. We order a ton of food and all of them were very tasty. Better than any Chinese restaurant I've been to. And if you don't know what is good, just ask the waiters to recommend. They're very nice and funny. The food came out super fast one course after the other. Definitely will come back again for the amazing service and food.
Tea Smoking Duck. That's all you need to know. Probably one of the best dishes I've ever had. Flavorful, a hefty serving size, and attentive service (waiter had wetnaps at the ready for the somewhat messy dish) made me reaching for the next piece before I finished the one in my hand. I also tried their house dumplings, which I would recommend as well. Give this place a chance, you'll be happy you did.
Excellent food, great location and service. Nice stop near in Battery Park. Soup was perfectly made.
Tea smoking duck is great, very tender.We also liked Chicken and Pine Nut in Lettuce Wrap, Sesame pancake, and Shredded Pork with Dried Bean Curd. The restaurant is family/kids friendly, and has plenty outdoor space with great view.
if you love a mix of shanghainese and szechuan chinese feed, this is the place! restaurant has outdoor seating and a nice water view. we had the lobster dish, soup dumplishing, malay fish soup, it was amazing!!!!
What a tremendous chinese restaurant i've ever been in NYC! Everything is perfect here,the food and the service are high quality, i will definitely go again in my life! 5 stars
Really amazing food and service.  Better than anything in Chinatown.
Great addition to Battery Park City.   Although I usually get their food by delivery, when I sit in I find the waitstaff to be friendly and accommodating.   Food is well flavored and not overamericanized.   I especially liked the Kung Pao chicken.
Great food and location, but a bit pricey for what you get.  My friend, her boyfriend, their infant and I ate here a Saturday night during sunset.  I loved sitting outside and it is a great view, however the glare of the setting sun made it a bit difficult to all find a comfortable sitting arrangement.  My friend is Taiwanese so I trust her when she said she enjoys their food.  I really liked the buns, but I wasn't especially impressed with my crispy sesame beef.  A generous serving of beef is served with minimal broccoli.  Next time I would order something else.  The view is amazing and being able to get a table outside on a Saturday night without a reservation nor wait is a pleasure.  However the bill of about $50 per person seemed a bit steep for what we got.
We ordered chicken, beef, veggies, noodles, and rice and it was perfect for 3 for a night in! Highly recommend the veggie fried rice and the kung pao chicken! Best Chinese food I've ever had!!!!
I decided to eat at this place with my family  without previous planning and was pleasantly surprised. We ordered vegetable dumplings, scallion pancakes, seasame noodles and pan fried vegetable noodles. We liked everything and the service was good as well. I am surprised this place has not become more famous yet. Will definitely come back.
What a lovely day in Battery Park city.  I was craving for some authentic Chinese food, and hot and sour soup was just the ticket.  This soup was filled with tofu, various mushrooms and a good amount of sweet and sour.  Anyway, we were greeted by good hosts who served us the soup and pork with crab meat stuffed soup dumplings. You really don't have to worry about overwhelming crab taste because the soupy dumpling was juicy and decadent. For those of you trying soup dumplings for the first time - you've been missing out!  Get out and come to Ningbo!!! The way to really eat a soup dumpling is by placing it carefully on a Chinese soup spoon, then poking a little hole at the top with your chopstick, and placing some ginger vinegar inside before sipping and slurping the yummy goodness.  WoW! What flavor?!!!  Next we ordered the shrimp with flat noodles and this dish was tasty as well.
Amazing food. Wonderful service. You MUST eat here!!!! The dumplings were great as well as the ginger soup and all the chicken dishes we ordered.
The view is terrific, and we greatly enjoyed the dimsum and beef scallion pancakes today. Service was wonderful and they surprised us with extra soup when they packed our take out order. Such nice folks!
Just tried Ningbo for the first time and ordered in -- best Chinese food I've had in a very long time!  Battery Park City finally has Chinese food again, yes!  Ordered chicken fried rice (spicy) and dry sautéed strings both were delish!  Will definitely order from here again and eat in soon.
I loved this meal. Real authentic Chinese cuisine! Soup dumplings, sizzling steak, pork and bamboo shoots - everything was delicious. I can't wait to go back!
Just as good as the food is the patio view of Lady Liberty and the Hudson. Crispy sesame beef, house dumplings and sesame pancakes were excellent. Will definitely come again - and you should too!
This recently opened restaurant, NingBo Cafe, has the Awesome management team of HuNan 5th Ave .  Anyone who has been to HuNan 5th Ave knows what a great eat that was.  So glad the wonderful dishes and staff are back in the city although at a diff location.All the wonderful HuNan dishes are still available --- ZhangCha duck, smoked pork sautéed w garlic shoot, etc. and the signature free appetizer stir fried green onion w a little bit of hot green pepper. Even the stir fried rice was outstanding.In addition to the HuNan dishes there r wonderfully authentic Szechuan dishes such as MaPo tofu, slice beef w super hot green pepper, as well as Shanghai (NingBo) dishes such as slice fish w yellow chive.In addition, NingBo Cafe has a famous ShangHai pastry chef, all the Shanghai appetizers eg soup dumplings/buns and green onion pan cake are authentic and the deserts are outstanding!  We had the flaky red bean pastry and Eight Treasure sticky rice for desert and the house special tri-colored Italian ice cream surrounded in a layer chocolate ball cover.  Let's just say none of the three desert were left after 10min!So glad Mr. Xie is back in Manhattan w his wonderful staff and dishes.Oh, by the way, you get a great water front view with Statue of Liberty and Elise island in the car distance!
Went for lunch yesterday.  SZECHUAN DUMPLINGS were really good and if I went back it would probably be the only thing I orderd.  The Mango Beef was awful.  3/4 mango and the rest was supposedly beef but I can't guarantee it.
Absolutely delicious food! The wait staff and manager were extremely friendly and helpful. We had the chance to sit outside and enjoy the gorgeous view. I will definitely be coming back here!
The XLB are very good, juicy and delicious. Also ordered the hot and sour soup to warm up on the ~20 degree evening in NYC, which was very good. For the entree we shared an order of the pork fried rice and the crispy sesame chicken, which was well flavored and well cooked, all good cuts of white meat. The waiter offered to make us a good vodka soda, which he made with caramel stoli vodka which was really good. It may be one of my new favorite drinks. The waiter also brought my boyfriend a complementary wonton soup which was nice. The service was friendly and the food was good. There was a great view, probably even better during the day (it was already dark when we got there), but we could see right out across the water and see the Statue of Liberty.
This is my favorite Chinese food place in downtown.  Good place for dinner on a summer night sitting next to the river.  Love their appetizers.  Favorite dishes are sesame pancake, orange beef, west lake beef soup, bean noodle with chicken in spicy sesame sauce, steamed little juicy bun, tea smoking duck, just to name a few.  In my very authentic Chinese food taste, this place is better than Chinatown, and it is not so loud!
very delicious and authentic Chinese food! customer service was quite decent too! would like to come again!
Went again and it was fabulous!  The soup dumplings, naan, salt and pepper soft shell crab was superb!  We also had to beef tendon noodle soup and the duck, which was just as good as the duck at Peking duck at Peking Duck House in Chinatown and midtown).  Best Chinese food in the area.  Menu is diverse and everything is good!
Great gem! Authentic Shanghainese food at a reasonable price. Especially love the Szechuan Noodle and Fish soup. They also have soup dumplings and dim sum as well, will have to come back another time to try them all.
very good food, excellent wait staff, beautiful view, right on the water, you can see the Statue of Liberty from your seat. kind of hard to find but its very cute and delicious.
This is not the same food as Peking Duck House in Chinatown.   We ordered take out.    The entree was the house special and very bland as were the scallion pancakes and the "baby back" ribs are like the tough ribs sold in less expensive Chinese restaurants.   Never had "baby back"  ribs that were tough cut of meat before.   Everything was delivered without sauce.   Greasy unseasoned scallion pancakes and no sauce to serve with it.        Greasy fried noodles smell like oil that has been used and reused for everything.    New restaurant but not sure the age of the oil.   Didn't smell right.     No thanks.     Very disappointed as we enjoy eating at the Peking Duck House and we read that this was being opened by the same owner but it is not similar in any way.   It is  awful.     China Chalet on Broadway is much more tasty and less smelly oil.
Ordered shrimp with salt and pepper but got shrimp in chili sauce. Called and told by the owner that they would deliver again with the right dishes. It was a lie, the deliver guy never came after the call. No credit at all.
Delicious!  Perfect Asian restaurant in Battery Park City!  Also beautiful outdoor seating with water views!  Good food and friendly service!
great service and super friendly wait staff! juicy little steamed buns lived up to their name. delicious food!
Although it is a little pricey compared to Chinatown, it's totally worth it if you live downtown and want some dim sum. You get a view on the water with outdoor seating. The soup dumplings (steamed little juicy buns) were very good.
