Had some vegan and vegetarian friends visiting from out of town and stopped over at this cute little snack spot for a late night munch. The place was packed to the gills, redolent with the perfume of tantalizing, inviting Indian spices.The crew behind the counter were firing on all pistons, a general feeling of controlled chaos hovering about the place. Staff/family are personable and pleasant but the process needs work.  We waited an hour for our order and then found a few missing items which took another half hour to complete. We came back two more times during the week as these are epic eats but the kitchen backup can try your patience. Know this before you go in, if it is during standard meal hours, there is going to be some serious wait time.
The service was super slow on a Friday night. Like it legit took 40+ minutes to get me 2 tacos. So that sucked, but luckily the tacos were actually really really good.I got the chicken tikka masala and lamb curry tacos on roti ($3.50 each). Both were really good, spicy, and had TONS of authentic flavor.Still don't know why service was so slow got a fast casual restaurant, but wasn't disappointed with the tacos itself.
It's been a while since I've seen such terrible service couple with tasteless and overpriced food.Allow me to elaborate: 1. Taste: Being an Indian, I believe I have a good enough grip on the taste of "Indian Food", the channa masala was as bland as ... I dont even have a benchmark here.2. Overpriced: You do not serve 2 spoons of chickpeas on a curved miniature naan and slap $10 on it !! You just dont !!! Chipotle seems like a more viable option than this place !3. Service:  The lady who runs this needs to genuinely understand the true essence of Indian Hospitality. I am a vegetarian since day 1, I ordered for the chickpeas on the garlic naan thing, I was served the chicken tikka on a plain naan, when I pointed it out she yells from the other side of the counter like a snob, " THIS IS WHAT YOU ORDERED !!". For the love of God why in the hell would I order it when I have never eaten non-veg in my life, and I definitely did not intend on starting at this sorry excuse of a so called Indo-Spanish joint! Her employees realized that it was their fault and replaced the food with the regular naan and chickpeas, I wouldnt have bothered as much but I paid 10 bucks for it and never got the garlic naan (what a bummer) !!Really effective marketing and horrible execution.  As it has been truly pointed by other Yelpers, they just got popularity based on a couple of articles and blogs, dont let this get to your head. I can still understand that people have different tastes and there are different price points but you need to keep a check on your "I run this place/ I am the owner/ I am always right" attitude. It definitely isn't going to take you far, especially when people who understand the food and service better than you guys and call you out on it !! Hope this helps. I'd rather eat at Ahimsa which is a few blocks away !
If you know Indian food... this place is disappointing. The naan is good, but the butter chicken and saag paneer are not. What I love about Indian food is that it's full of flavorful spices - this place lacks that. The curry is bland.The masala chai was good but very sweet.The staff are also really nice, but to me this place isn't worth going to again after trying out once.
Came in feeling pretty sceptical but was very happy with the result. Two different sized tacos available, one on thinner, smaller roti bread, the other on thicker naan bread. The tikka masala taco was great, with a good richness and flavor to the sauce, complimented by the pickled condiments on top. As other reviewers have mentioned, it is Indian food served in a Mexican style way, rather than a fusion restaurant per say. Execution was really good and visually appealing. Everything tastes very fresh. The chips and chutney is a great idea (the chutney is a good mix of sweet and spicy) and I hope it catches on as an idea for an appetizer at other Indian establishments. One downside is that seating is very limited, so you may want to consider taking the food to go and eating in a nearby park.
Excellent concept. 1) I got the garlic naan taco with chicken tikka masala. 2) The food was beyond good. 3) One of them was pretty filling, but I have a large appetite. Next time I will get two.
I love the food here. I came here the other day with some friends and I can't stop thinking about how delicious it was. I got a basmati bowl with okra and potatoes and it was absolutely delicious. It was a very large portion for the price too. I have a hard time when I go out because I have allergies and am a vegetarian, but there were plenty of options. Everyone was very friendly, and it was a good atmosphere. We sat outside just enjoying the day and relaxing while we ate out food.Absolutely would recommend to everyone and would come again.
Bruhhhhhh....I am from the land of tacos and I approve. (Thumbs up emoji) The Service was fast, reasonably priced, and pretty friendly. People are coming in and out which shows that many people like it. The guy who took our order recommended the pulled pork and yeh. It was the bomb dot com. I'll definitely come back! It's small so you might not find a seat out of the 10 table options that are stationed outside so jump in the minute someone stands up to leave. The name itself is worthy of you giving this place a try
SO MUCH YES. I'm initially skeptical of places that take another cuisine into the taco realm - something usually gets lost in the translation. But at Taco Mahal, everything is just amazing.Here is what you need to know:1. Roti tacos are smaller than naan. I enjoy both so just gauge how hungry you are.2. You can sub normal naan with GARLIC naan. Do it.3. All the protein options are awesome. You cannot go wrong.4. The place is small. For winter, expect to be cramped in there. For spring and summer, getting food to go is probably the best option. 5. Service is awesome. The staff are patient and ready to walk you to find the best delicious meal options.This is definitely worth checking out - it doesn't matter if you're a local grabbing a quick bite in West Village or a tourist needed a quick stop. Taco Mahal makes a memorable meal.
Supposedly they re serving fusion style tacos where street mexican food meets street indian foot.Well i just ate nothing more than a mediocre masala chicken served on a naan!Ok if you roll it you get what somehow looks like a taco...really impressive....Really poor marketing concept...i m ashamed i spent money over it...In fact this is just another bad indian place.Nothing more.I guess people go there to try because of some article in time out.i also guess they never come back a second time!
I absolutely love the blend of cultures with the Indian tacos here. First off, the concept is awesome, and second, they're actually delicious! I got the chicken tikka masala naan taco and the vegetable of the day roti taco. If you're not super hungry then I would get one or a few of the roti tacos (they're smaller). I feel that one naan taco could fill you up, but just in case, you could also get one additional roti taco. They don't have much indoor searing, but they make it up for spacious outdoor seating. Overall, if you're looking for a quick bite with family or friends, I highly recommend this place!
Admittedly, since tacos are my favorite food I fall for any ethnic restaurant that now brands themselves as a taqueria with an international food twist. Still, the naan with chicken tikka was mouth wateringly good, perfectly balanced out with a little spice from lamb curry roti. Highly recommend, and I'm looking forward to going back to try the gulab jamon. Only suggestion for improvement is to get new napkins-- the current ones are basically useless, and the chicken tikka ain't forgiving.
Taco Mahal offers a clutch concoction of Indian cuisine-based tacos. Your tortilla soft shell can be selected between roti or naan, both delicious options. Your meat/toppings are popular Indian proteins such as chicken tikka masala or lamb curry. It's pretty good.
The food is good. Had the chicken tikka Naan and Roti.The roti are small taco size and the naan is full size. The flavors tasted really good
The food is absolutely delicious. I got the chicken tikka masala on garlic naan and the samosas. The portions are big, filling, flavorful, heavenly, etc. It's small so seating is limited and expect a bit of the wait time for the food, but it's fresh and worth the wait!
These tacos are so good!!! I was going to go for the roti taco but apparently its 2-3 bites worth (3.75 each), so I just opted for the bigger Chicken Tikki Masala Garlic Naan Taco (under $10!). It was savory yet fresh, and held together pretty well despite everything in it. The naan was thick and sturdy enough to hold all of the ingredients in place, and the garlic gave it a strong, flavorful kick. It was larger than I expected, and left me satiated with enough room for dessert! There is outdoor seating, about 5-6 of the four seaters and the same amount for the two seaters. The tables are a little riggidy, but that is overlooked by the amazing location and stellar service (they serve you at your table). Can't go wrong with this place!
Taco Mahal is an excellent mexican-indian fusion taco place in west village. The food is flavorful, light, and high-quality.Since it is close to the bars, it is a good place to get some food at before hitting the bars.The restaurant is pretty funky. They have a small indoor counter to order & pay, and a few high tables to sit at. They also have some patio-style seating on the street outside the restaurant.The walls have cool indian art painted on them. They have an open kitchen, so you can see the food being prepped. I was skeptical about the food before I got here. We got all types of veggie tacos they had, chana masala, mix veggies, palak paneer. All the tacos were very flavorful and enjoyable.We only got the roti tacos, and the roti was well cooked. I specially recommend the palak paneer tacos if you like spinach. The mix veggies, though tasty, were very generic so I'd skip that next time.There isn't much service here, but the employees are friendly. We ordered & paid at the counter, and they served the food at our table. We bused the tables ourselves.The tacos are decently priced, $4 for roti and $8 for naan. You'll need at least 3-4 tacos for a decent meal.I really enjoyed the tacos here, and will be back the next time I am in the city. Definitely recommend.
Kind of bothers me that this place doesn't open till 12. I mean at least do 11:30 since some people eat early. The place itself needs some help as it was freezing inside, the door weighs a hundred lbs and slams with a huge bang every time someone walks in or out. It is also kind of weird that the cashier has to do final toppings on the food, I mean isn't that what kitchen staff are supposed to do? Both for cleanliness and efficiency? I say all this as it is probably best eaten fresh without having to walk 10-15 minutes home to dig into it. It'd be a bloody mess.That all being said, I tried the chicken tikka roti and the chicken curry roti. The curry was okay but the tikka masala was really good. It was intense masala flavor with juicy chicken on a fresh roti. The crunch from the fresh toppings kid of set it apart from the Kati rolls I've had in the past. 4 stars for food but 3 for everything else.
The lowdown: great food at an ultra-affordable price, and suitable for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.The long edit: I came with friends after hanging out at Fat Cat. Two of our group (myself and one other person) ordered dinner here. I got a chicken tikka masala garlic naan taco, which was huge, delicious, and incredibly flavorful. The naan was light, fluffy and deliciously soaked in tikka masala sauce; the toppings (lettuce, pickled red onions, and mint sauce) paired perfectly with the naan and chicken tikka masala. The other member of our group ordered a chana masala roti and a side of rice and lentils, both of which he loved.Aside from flavor, the food was also incredibly fragrant. The member of our group who didn't eat definitely had some regrets about choosing not to partake.The ambiance of the restaurant is casual -- there's very limited seating (I'd guess there are fewer than 10 seats in the place), largely because most patrons aren't eating here, as they grab and go.I'll definitely be coming back here to try more items on the menu!Important sidenote: there are no restrooms in here, so if you need to answer the call of nature or want to wash your hands, you'll have to do so elsewhere.
Indian tacos...what an amazing idea! I ordered the veggie of the day (potato and cauliflower) and chicken tikka masala roti tacos. There was a kick to the cauliflower one and the chicken tikka masala was super creamy. They were both delicious and I can't wait to come back. The staff was very friendly and they made sure that everything was going smoothly. It's a small place and it's a bit tight if you have a large party.
Delicious tacos and great customer service!  Highly recommend the chicken tikka masala on naan. Walked in here 10 minutes before close, but the owner offered free dessert and was extremely gracious. If you're looking for some unique tacos in NYC, definitely recommend!
The food here is great! My personal favorite is the Lamb Kebob on either the roti or nann. The food is fresh and has great flavor. They bring tacos to like here! The drinks are also very refreshing especially the masala chai tea. The staff is very friendly. Truly a great eating experience in the west village. Every time I am in the area I stop by. I recommend this place to anyone
Pros: The food is fresh, tastes good, and overall is priced pretty well.Con: not Mexican meets Indian so much as Indian food presented like Mexican food, basically an open Kathi roll.For the West Village, this might be on the better side of Indian.  Compared to Curry Hill or Jackson Heights, I thought the taste was on par, however while it may be priced well for the area, it seems pricey for Indian.  I had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb curry.  The tikka masala a bit sweet, but the lamb curry was amazing.  The toppings were some onions and cilantro, hardly enough to call this Mexican.  The roti was good, not greasy.  The naan was warm and fluffy, just the right size for the taco, but small compared the usual naan.  The place is small, enough for maybe 8-10.  The service is friendly and quick.Overall: you can have a meal for under $12. The food will be good and you will probably leave happy, but go here more for the Mahal than the Taco.
Tacos and Indian? Uh, one bite and you will be a believer. I got the smaller roti size and had lamb curry and chicken tikka masala. Love them both. Fresh, delicious homemade sauce, herbs sprinkled on top. The roti was chewy and flavorful, not greasy. I love this stuff! Only drawback is the very small space with only counter-style seating. I recommend getting food to go. Until they open a larger location, that is!
The food is magical and the staff is super friendly! I got the lamb curry taco on garlic naan  amazing
Came in to grab something to go and the staff is so smiley and friendly and lovely! Got the chicken curry on garlic naan and wow. So good!!! They also have bowls and roti and lamb, oh my! I'll definitely be back to try all the variations!!
There's a great story behind the head chef, a former street vendor in the West Village who married a Mexican woman. Certainly entertaining to see how they fused the two cultures together
Tasty tacos.   Takes way too long.  Be prepared to wait at least 20 mins.    Not a quick take out place.
Yum...lamb is great albeit a Bit spicey..brilliant idea. Ingridients very fresh. Could be cheaper
Excellent roti and nan tacos!!!! I came here twice in the same day it was so good. The chicken tika masala and the lamb were awesome! The service is super quick and very friendly. It's more of a casual establishment with amazing flavors!!! Check it out.
Exceeded expectations.  To say that the father and daughter who run this place offer good customer service doesn't go far enough: they are genuinely warm people. The chicken tikka masala was made from lean meat and the sauce was delicious and not lacking in complexity.  It was placed atop a freshly made nan hot from the tandoor.  Fast food? Yes, but only in terms of minutes, and not flavor; the high quality of the ingredients was apparent in each bite. What's missing? Only ras malai, which I am assured will appear on the menu shortly!
BEST FOOD IN NEW YORK !!!!!! Seriously I hope this place stays forever so I can be forever happy.
I am so glad that Taco Mahal has opened in the neighborhood. With so many businesses opening and closing in the West Village/7th Avenue/Bleecker area, it was great to find out that the Taco Mahal is run by the same family that owned the newspaper stand in the same space. The day I stopped by several members of the family were working behind the counter/kitchen and it was wonderful seeing it was a family affair, and that they were clearly enjoying themselves as well. The girl at the register-- the daughter I believe, was so sweet, patient and helpful in helping me decide what to order. As for the food: Freshly baked/pressed naan/roti! Go for the roti if you want something a little heartier and the naan for something closer to a taco/snack size (thinner dough, a bit smaller and more taco-like). I opted for the naan myself with chicken tikka and it was perfectly spiced-- just a small kick and not overly creamy or heavy. I also ordered a side of rice and dal which came in a small tray that was delicious as well. I would order 2-3 rotis or 1 roti/1naan for a full meal without sides. I look forward to stopping by often for a quick bite and a friendly smile. Welcome back to the neighborhood!
Fresh and delicious food, friendly staff that made our family feel welcome. Not a lot of seating, but it's NY and the tacos are portable anyway. We'll definitely be back. As for any negative reviews, not sure what there is to criticize. Don't forget the chai tea!
No complaints. From the service to the food to the cleanliness - 5 star. Ok I lied - only one small complaint: it's tiny. I mean tiny. There are 9 or 10 stools for sitting on the perimeter of the restaurant. Other than that, amazing. The service was fast and the 3 people working there seemed genuinely interested in their job and were smiley and upbeat - a rarity for NYC fast casual. I got the basmati bowl with chicken tikka masala - it was $10.50 I believe and a good amount of food for that price point. The chicken tikka masala was great and so was the rice, as well as the dal soup. Would definitely go back and would recommend to others.
The wait was really long ~45 minutes after we ordered our food. I think this is likely due to the fact that they use naan... which takes longtime to prepare unlike paratha and chapati. Food was really tasty. Would come back if we are in the area but would pass if he wait is that long again.
This is the first review I have written. Taco Mahal is one to let the world know about! We had a chicken curry roti and lamb curry roti. Amazing flavours and freshly made in front of you and to top it off a great level of spice (if you want it)!This place is worth a trip. I'll definitely be trying the rest of menu!
Worth the hype. Wish they had more spaces to sit down, but had the best time eating, drinking, and ordering even more. Delicious!
Taco Mahal is nothing short of amazing. I came here after watching a video about the owner and her father. I tried the chicken tikka masala on naan and it was incredible. As an indian person with high standards for good indian food, I thought that Taco Mahal blew my expectations out of the water. The owner, her father, and all of the staff are so sweet. This restaurant is worth a trip out of your way!!
It's fresh and delicious! The naan is made to order and the staff was friendly and warm. A great experience with yummy food and chia tea. I will be be back next time I'm in the city!
Working in the are and was fantasizing about an an ideal lunch to my friend - "A taco or burrito-like snack with chicken tikka masala or lamb." Having completed my incantation correctly, Taco Mahal then materialized around the corner. You're welcome, West Village. Extra $0.50 for garlic naan is very much worth it.
Quick, affordable and delicious. Get the garlic naan if you want a little extra kick.
Just heard of this place from a friend. We made our way down past midnight on a Saturday, when they were closing. Staff was so great- they opened up the doors for us and prepared us food with a smile on their faces. Food was amazing and they even prepared a table for us, despite the fact that they were trying to close up and get home. Would recommend this food, and the accommodating staff, to anyone!
I wish I had actual food to review. Instead, we have called every 20 minutes since 11am to check in on an order, only to be told "it's ready, it's ready." Now, at 1:30pm, we are told the order never happened. If they are this incompetent at the front office, I shudder to think of their culinary operations.
Insanely fresh ingredients.  Big flavor.  Great for an inexpensive quick snack.
Good food and friendly people. Make sure to get the lentils and rice, it's delicious.
We stumbled upon this little place. Food is absolutely delicious. Fresh ingredients, perfectly spiced. Definitely go!
It's been 45 mins and no order. Went in to ask status and they clearly lost it bc they had to take it down again. Terrible
OMG. Move over Kati Roll Co. -- this is my new go to place for an "Indian Taco", and it's got a nice subtle Spanish flair to it. I had the chicken tikka roll, and it was AWESOME! My friend had the lamb, and while he enjoyed it, his only knock was the "sweet sauce", which I didn't get on mine (maybe i did, but got blended well with the bite i took, whereas he ate the taco top-down, i went sideways...like a taco is supposed to be eaten!)..Loved the chai also - just like my mom makes :)I'll be back. Bit of an extra hike for me from work, but well worth it.
This place is very good.  I ordered the chicken curry taco and chicken tikka masala taco (both on roti).  They were both good, though I enjoyed the chicken curry taco better.  The tacos were also both $3.50, so it was a great price point as well.
The food is delicious, the service is welcoming and the chai tea is delectable. Go here now and order the naan chicken tikka masala taco, and grab yourself a chai tea for your walk home.
Phenomenal!! We got naan chicken till masala taco, lamb curry on naan, lentils and rice and chips and chutney with delish chai masala tea. Great food, cheap and nice workers. Highly recommended.
Wow this place was so amazing. The highlight of my NYC trip. I ordered almost the whole menu, and the tacos were very very fresh. Will definitely come back to NY just for this.
By the best east/west Indian fusion I've had thus far. Great flavor in the tiki masala and the lentils are quite savory as well. A must try if you're in the area.
Very tasty, flavorful lunch. The cashier was really friendly, she gave me extra spicy chutney with my order because I asked which protein was the spiciest. It's totally worth it to pay an extra 50 cents for garlic naan!
I got the chicken tikka masala taco and it was great. The food was fast and delicious. Solid lunch spot.
I've lived next door for years and know all the spots for quick / good / cheap bites and this is def a welcome winner. Very casual w bar style seating and yummy naan tacos. Very original and cool. Friendly staff and atmosphere. Check it out!
I came across this gem (and I mean it when I say GEM) browsing on IG and I was instantly drawn in. Naan Tacos!! You gotta be kidding. One day I went out with my friends and I made sure to be in the neighborhood with intentions on going there. I stepped foot into this spot and the art on the walls is what drew me in first. I love small cozy spots where you can get to know the staff, and this place is just right, the staff are so welcoming. But besides that, the food!! The food is soo good! I had Chicken Tikka on Garlic Naan and Lamb Curry Roti and after the first bite, my tastebuds had a fiesta in my mouth. Bottom line, after my first time there, I found myself there the next day, and the day after that. And I didn't come alone, I brought the crew with me because EVERYBODY NEEDS TACO MAHAL IN THEIR LIVES. I live all the way in the Bronx, but somehow I end up there, or if a friend is there, they HAVE to pick me SOMETHING up, I don't even care what it is. I actually think I may head there now after this post. I can't help myself.
Extremely slow kitchen. Was told food would be ready in 20-25min. Came back after 25min and was told they were working on the order. Waited 10min and was told 2 more order ahead of mine. Waited another 10min and was told 2 more order ahead. At that point I cancelled the order. Didn't bother with trying the food. They should have been affront how long the order takes, instead of lying. I don't understand how it can take an hour to make a taco.
I've been to this place three times now, and will most likely go every time I'm in the city. Even my friends who typically don't like Indian food have loved this place. It's an excellent combo of quality and affordability. You can't go wrong with pretty much any of the dishes but my personal favorite is the lamb curry. Their tea is also a must try, especially on a cold day!
We were intrigued by the concept, and it did not disappoint. Chicken Tikka Roti taco, Naan Chicken Curry taco, and Lamb Basmati Bowl are all exquisite.
Seriously good Indian food served in naan or roti and really friendly staff/owner.We've been back multiple times already.
Fantastic! Everything is reasonably priced. Portions are good sized, the food is excellent. The staff is extra helpful.
The roti tacos with tikka masala were fresh, delicious, and very filling. The place is quite cozy and nicely decorated.
Very good flavor.. was a bit disappointed that I did not see more fusion influence.  The naan and roti were super fresh and soft
I got the lamb kebab basmati bowl which was around $14. I thought it was a bit overpriced considering the amount of food I got. I could get much more at Chipotle for example. The rice was also hard because it wasn't cooked properly. I won't be going back.
This place deserves all the 5 star reviews it's been getting. Such good food all around and lovely people.  My favorite is the chicken tikka masala in a naan taco... I miss it when I'm across the country. Please come here a lot so this place can stay open forever!
Amazing.. Tried Saag paneer Taco with Roti n Tea its delicious, unbelievable. Wannna come again n again.
Welcoming staff, happy people serving delicious Tacos, Indian style! It's not greasy like Kathi roll or masala times as the "taco" is fresh roti or naan - made on the spot! Highly recommend going to this neat little gem! Order - spinach, chicken tikka, and channa masala taco.
Food was lovely, got the chicken tikka masala and naan bread. Was quick and ideal for lunch time.
This place inspired me to write my first review...food is amazing.  Fresh, warm, super flavorful and fast.  Plus, service with a smile Dannikah!!  Welcome addition to the West Village.
Stopped there randomly yesterday and it was so good I had it delivered today. Great addition to the neighborhood, hurry and get your tacos before they get reviewed in NYMag's cheap eats and the line goes around the block!
This place is just amazing! Great service and the food is excellent! The lamb is my goto dish.
Really good food! Get the lamb curry naan, it's so flavorful. And the service is great!
I genuinely liked it. The chicken tikka masala on a nan was delicious! the spices were on point and it was a great spot for a quick lunch. The place is extremely small and can be chilly if you sit by the window because the door doesn't close completely. The store was a bit difficult to find. I walked past it several times. I paid with a credit card and had no problems.
The atmosphere was relaxed, customer service was outstanding, food was exceptional! Highly recommend, will be back!!!
First visit today! Had the lamb curry and chana rotis, both delicious. Great combo of warm, freshly made roti, well spiced fillings, garnished with lettuce, cilantro, and perhaps a bit of red cabbage or onion (ate too quickly to check carefully!) Friendly service and nice clean counter areas make this place perfect for a quick bite, although I lingered a bit to watch people passing by on 7th Ave. Only $3.50 for the chickpea and $5 for the lamb - very reasonable for the quality of the food. I'll be back often!
Yes! Thank you Taco Mahal for moving into the neighborhood. What a great place. Great service (the family who owns the place is absolutely lovely), delicious food, reasonable prices, and late hours.  While this place sounds like a fusion joint it's decidedly Indian. Their tacos come in your choice of fresh Naan or Roti bread and they've recently introduced rice bowls. Only complaint, they frequently run out of guacamole.
Damn delicious , exactly what the west village needed - tasty , fresh , casual and affordable . Hope these guys do well
Been waiting for something like this for a long time. Walked by on a full stomach but had to try it anyways and it didn't disappoint! Best of luck
This new place is FABULOUS !  A wonderful Indian HYBRID..  There is a real clay oven for the fresh Naan and Roti.. Everything is fresh and has lots of flavor.  I just had the lamb, I love the chicken tikka and the many choices of vegetables.  Delicious.. TRY IT.. its a great addition to the corner..
boring, mediocre, bland food. chicken tikka masala with naan was one of the worst I ever had. salad that came with it was as bland. just another place trying to capitalize on "designer" tacos craze. avoid.
I went to Taco Mahal today with my son who attends NYU. We were both very impressed with the flavor of the Tikka Marsala Naan. It was one of the best things I have had in a long time!. The prices are good, and we will definitely be back!
Delicious! I had a Roti with Chicken tikka masala. It was a perfect sized little lunch.  The chai tea was great too
In short this is a combination of super nice, friendly and dedicated people with an awesome food concept. It's amazingly tasty and actually crazy cheap. I constantly mix up my order and everything is delicious. Only found out today that one of the founders is an Afghanistan veteran, so yet another reason to support great people making awesome food. You will NOT be disappointed. Visit soon.
Taco Mahal has to be the first Indian taqueria that has caught my eye . I can literally live in the Chicken Tikka Masala Sauce  It's one of my favorites . I also love the fact they're quick and convenient to get my curry fix  Highly Recommend it to anyone in the West Village area
OMG! if you are thinking about eating here or getting delivery, just DO IT! *insert Shia Labeouf gif* I ordered the chicken tikka masala on garlic naan and it was quite the holy experience. After my first bite I swore I heard the angels sing. My only regret was that I wished I had ordered another one but by the time I finished the taco I was more than satisfied. It really is quite filling. I also ordered the Lamb Kabob on roti and Gulab Jamun (3 in an order), which I took home. The lamb on roti was good but no where near as heavenly as the naan taco. The roti is definitely less filling, but also less exciting in my opinion. The Gulab Jamun is made for people with massive sweet tooths. It was the first time eating this desert for me, and though delicious, I kept hearing Wilford Brimley say "Diabeetus" with every bite. One snag with delivery though, is that no utensils or napkins were provided and they forgot my bottled water (which my delivery guy went back for). However, I KNOW I will be ordering from here again.
Stopped in for the first time yesterday to pick up lunch- definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Love the decor and details put into the branding.  Chicken curry on naan was flavorful, warm, and reasonably priced.  Super friendly service, too!
The food is absolutely fantastic, I highly recommend this place to everyone. The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because the place is small (which also isn't an issue) - I waited 10 minutes to order food on a line and then when i got my order which was massive, I could not sit down. Most small 'fast food' places usually have a sign that says "whoever orders first, sits/eats first" which helps the flow of traffic within a place. The food takes like 10 minutes to eat so people are in and out. I had a lot of food and there were two women today who before even ordering food held seats for themselves. Being pregnant it frustrates me that these two women ignored me getting to sit down, but what's even worse is that the cashier there would not ask them to get up since they were "waiting for 20 minutes" but still have not ordered food because they were waiting on a friend. The owner was kind enough to set us up a table outside to eat. Again I highly recommend this place, I just suggest the owners and workers there to make a sign/notice that says whoever orders first, eats first. It doesn't make sense for people who haven't even gotten their food, let alone ordered their food hold seats in a tiny place for 20 minutes.
wow!! amazing!! super nice staff.  the food is amazing!!
Indian is my least favorite cuisine AND YET I'm loving this place. The chicken tikka masala is creamy, soft and packed with mint sauce and veggies, wrapped in a warm, fluffy naan. You've gotta get the naan; I saw the roti option and it's super tiny and less exciting than the yummy naan! Their lentils and rice are so comforting and tasty and healthy for a cold day, and the masala chai is the best I've had. At about $7 a taco, this affordable, quick, delicious spot is sure to be a hit. 5 stars!!!!!!!!
WOW! So much flavor in each and every bite. I opted for two of the smaller tacos, a chicken tikka masala and lamb curry on a roti. Both were bursting with flavor, very well seasoned and balanced with the freshness of the veggies. Small shop with outdoor seating and friendly staff. Would definitely recommend! Can't wait to go back (sorry short sentences here. Its Monday!).
I came here being pretty skeptical of this spot when it first opened up. I've been to an "Indian taco" place before and was fairly whelmed by the experience. Taco Mahal offers up a straight forward menu in a small location with a promise of quick Indian eats.No line, so quickly ordered for two people: the Roti base with Lamb Curry ($5ish) and the Naan base with Roasted Veggies ($7ish). While waiting, the guy behind the counter gave us a shot each of the Masala Chai - nice spices and extremely sweet. Dishes came out in about 6 minutes piping hot and freshly made. Gotta say the lamb curry is spot on; a thick gravy with chunky pieces of lamb topped with lettuce and onions. Solid amount of spice with the side green sauce provided that's not overbearing. Naan is soft and pillowy, toasted well and held the veggies together perfectly (better than the roti). Again, a nice mixture of spices that's good even without the extra sauce. Service here is friendly and you can see them make the food if you wish. A great meal to have to warm you up this winter, so will return.
I recently came to visit this establishment on Saturday, July 29th around 5 PM. My girl and I were immediately greeted by Danikkah Josan who is the owner. She was behind the counter working the register - she was very warm and friendly. She explained the menu to us and told us which dishes she preferred and what was popular. They have outdoor seating and about 8 seats inside the restaurant. I would advise you to sit outside if the weather permits and people watch. We both ordered the Garlic Naan with Lamb Curry and I also had the Roti with Chicken Tikka Masala. The garlic naan was fresh warm and crispy as if, it just came out of the oven. The Lamb Curry was good, tasty and spicy. I would have liked it to have more meat (Lamb) in the curry. I wish that the it had some sort of tamarind sauce or sweet factor to balance out the spicy flavor. My girl's suggestion is that she wished it had some sort of creamy and cool ingredient added unto the food such as sour cream or greek yogurt. The Chicken Tikka Masala on a Roti  was incredibly sweet for my taste. this could have used some sort of spicy factor to this dish. The one plus of this dish was that it had huge chunks of chicken in the dish. I totally enjoyed the food at this restaurant and I would return and recommend.
So delicious!  So glad I tried it. Indian food meets Mexican and it works!!!  Nice staff! Reasonably priced considering the quality and uniqueness of the food.Love this place and keep coming back whenever I'm in the west village.
dumpy, hole in the wall place in CHELSEA. ate late at night after flying all day from CALIFORNIA. sat outside where we could watch people scurry by on their way from here to there.i had the CHICKEN TIKA MASALA on NAAN and it was fabulous. nice texture. great flavor. as cynical as i am about TIKA MASALA, the national dish of GREAT BRITAIN, universally recognized as just a way to use up tandoori chicken leftovers, have to come correct about how much i enjoyed it.my son, KEEGAN, had the CHICKEN CURRY on ROTI and the CHANNA MASALA on ROTI (he's in his chickpea phase) and i had a bite of both of those and there were also fabulous. more fusion concept than fusion cuisine, everything we had there was tasty and well executed. MEXICAN and INDIAN are two of my favorites and at TACO MAHAL they are happily married.
Awesome fusion place. Please try them all including the dal with rice.  The green chutney is spicy too so add that on as well.  The lamb and chicken curry are spicer then the chicken tikka so I stuck with those.  The papad chips add an extra layer.  But I will always go back for the dal.
Tasty vegetarian options that are affordable and come out quick. Always a great option when I'm in the area.
This is a great, simple concept. But the flavors are absolutely delicious. I had one naan and one roti comma one was chana masala while the other was lamb Curry. We also had the chips and dip, which is a take on chips and salsa - chips and chutney. This place is Tiny... But there are about six or eight seats at a counter. It seemed like they did a lot of take out while we were there. If I was closer I would get this very frequently as the prices are very reasonable, the food very filling, and the flavor is amazing.The next time I go I will definitely try the basmati rice bowl, and and of course different flavors.I am really looking forward to my next trip there and highly recommend anyone who enjoys Indian food and tacos make a trip. You will not be disappointed.
I always go here after Fat Cat. The food hits the spot. I love that It's a bit spicy.Also, the staff is very friendly. It has a great atmosphere.
Got super hungry after some salsa dancing and was in the mood for tacos but also wanted spicy food, thus the Taco Mahal was the answer. You just order at the counter. You pick the bread; roti or naan. Then pick the veggie option or the meat; lamb or chicken. I got the Lamb curry naan taco and asked for extra green spicy sauce (which was great to add that extra spice to the dish). The lamb was succulent and was just softly falling apart in ones mouth since it was so well cooked and covered in delicious curry. The seating is limited, but given that it's tacos its definitely possible to just take it to go ( I would recommend grabbing a fork with you since its overfilled with delicious meat and toppings so you don't want to leave any behind if it falls out). Great place to grab a quick and relatively cheap bite to eat. I love Indian food so I'm excited that there's a place to get it fast and delicious.
I was walking around the West Village neighborhood when I stumbled upon Taco Mahal. The place does not have any real signing in the exterior and is a bit hard to find. It is right across the street from the iconic Big Gay Ice Cream Shop on Grove Street. The joint is rather small, there are only about 4 seats available inside. However, there are a few tables outside overlooking the beautiful West Village neighborhood. I ordered the naan bread and it comes with veggies (either spinach and mushrooms or potatoes) . There are options to upgrade to meat for usually only a $1 more. The meal only came out to a bit over $8 (including tax). The "taco" was bursting with flavor and with every bite I could taste the Indian herbs. The naan  had just the right amount of butter and the spinach and mushroom combo went very well. Overall, I am happy I stumbled upon Taco Mahal by chance and I will definitely be back.
Decided to stop in today because I was still hungry after eating at umami burger. I didn't think much of this spot even after I saw it become viral on Facebook and all the Yelp reviews but because I was already in the area, I wanted to check it out. I thought it was just people hyping up the concept of a mixed fusion cuisine but I was completely wrong. Taco mahal nailed all the flavors that go into both Indian and Mexican food. Their chicken tikka masala matched the quality of authentic Indian food which came as a surprise to me as a lot of "quick bite" places are unable to replicate the same taste. The cashier was friendly and super informative about the menu they offer. Their green chutney was by far one of the best tasting I've had. Highly recommend this place. Will be back to try another thing from the menu soon! Only downside is the space inside is limited so in the rain and winter time it get a little suffocating with a crowd. Also, 8$ for a naan base is a little absurd even for NYC. $6 would be more appropriate because for some of the meats you already have to pay extra.
I do like the food but if it takes 20 mins to make a chai tea, I'd like to be told that before I give the establishment my money.
Taco Mahal is a fantastic new spot that sort of blends Indian and Mexican together.  They serve the usual Indian food, tikka masala, curry, etc. and you can choose different meats and then choose whether to get your meal on 2 roti wraps or a naan that is about 5 inches across.  It is all topped with a salsa fresca type topping and some lettuce.The food is cheap, delicious and the service is delivered with a smile.  I love finding cheap food in my neighborhood.  I had the 2 roti option: one chicken curry and one chicken tikka masala.  It was simply fantastic. This is not some price / benefit analysis compromise.  The food is really good. The only downside is that there is basically nowhere to sit.  There are only a few stools, but that is ok - just grab and go!
There are quite a lot of food groups that I enjoy in life. Tacos and Indian food are definitely up there...so much so that I once made (I'm talking like 2 years ago) chicken tikka masala tacos at my friend's apartment for a girls cooking/games night. They were delish and made on regular supermarket soft shells...BUT WAIT, NOW I CAN BUY THIS MADE BY SOMEONE WHO CAN PRODUCE AUTHENTIC INDIAN FLAVORS BETTER THAN I CAN?! On a na'an or roti shell?! OMG. YAAASSSS!!!I was so excited when I heard about Taco Mahal because their menu looked new, different and full of pretty unique flavor combos. Not a lot of people combining Latin and Indian food/flavors together that's for sure. They're been open for about a solid week now and they've seemed to have everything down in terms of food preparation - quick and yummy!Today I came here with a friend and tried their chicken tikka masala na'an taco, their lamb kabob roti taco and their lentil dal with basmati rice and I was blown away. The flavors were so delicious and spot on, the taco shell textures were tasty and sturdier than your average taco shell and both the chicken and lamb were insanely juicy. I also got to try their tea and it was creamy and delicious. I regret not getting a whole cup of it with some ice :(.I seriously want to live here. 1 na'an taco will run you $7 which might seem steep for a taco but this is like 2-3 tacos in one given the size and amount of meat in it. The roti shell taco is more the size of a regular taco and good if you're looking for a snack.Definitely can't wait to come back and I'll be sure to taco bout' this brand new spot to all my friends, lol.
Good god, do you yourself a favor and try this place out.  Having lived in NYC for so long I've gotten pretty sick of every restaurant these days being some new cool hip fusion place.  I did my best to suppress these feelings though when I came here.  Indian taco.... ugh ok.I was wrong.  This place is the bomb.  I shared several of the dishes on the menu and each one was delicious! Be warned there isn't much seating and the few seats they do have feel cramped.  Best if you plan to take it to go.
I always thought Indian spired tacos would be delicious and they are. The shop is small but it has a great vibe. The outdoor seating is really nice for people watching.The food is legit! I had two tacos on roti and the roti was warm and flaky while the curries were bold and flavorful. I will be back! How can I not when they have such a wide selection: basmati rice bowls, samosas, snacks, naan tacos, and great drinks.
Loved everything about Taco Mahal!From the super sweet and bubbly girl at the front who handles the orders + payments (other reviewers mention her being the owner's daughter), to the BOMBBBB chicken tikka masala taco in a roti shell. It was just filling enough for me to hold me over until dinner and the flavors were all on point! I'll definitely come back to try the other proteins or at least try my steady chicken tikka masala in a naan (apparently 2x the size of a normal taco?!)
This 'Indian-style taqueria' is a tiny friendly casual spot. Every employee was extremely friendly. When I was finished one of the kitchen staff addressed me by name to ask me how everything was. I had the chips and chutney with tamarind sauce and cilantro mint sauce. I would  put the cilantro mint sauce on everything if I could get it by the gallon. I had the roti (street tacos) one chicken tika masala, one lamb curry. Both had great flavor and two were just the right amount of food (I have a tendency to shovel curry into my face. The chicken had curry leaves along with the other veggies and the lamb had fenugreek leaves, which were a nice touch. Again,  the place is small but grab a seat outside or at the counter facing the window and people watch.
Staff were so cordial and friendly! I didn't have any questions but I would be curious how they walk through the menu. The chart is pretty self explanatory. I already recognized the father-daughter duo as soon as I walked in! They were very busy behind the counter. I loved watching the fresh bread get pulled out the oven! All my senses were lit! It didn't smell rank of spices but flavored aroma had my appetite ready! Price is right, portions are really good, of course I could always eat more bread because I'm a carb beast like that, and timing was also typical as I witness the entire prep process right before my eyes! FRESH!!!! I'm thrilled they are open late, till Midnight! Especially in the West Village, late night cheap eats are sorta rare after 11pm. I ordered the naan lamb curry and chicken tikka masala both fantastic! If I needed to highlight one would be the lamb curry!!! A little heat but it's great  I ate there last night and now I'm wondering what it's like for lunch?Kudos Taco Mahal! So tasty!!! You've got a foodie fan in me!?
So i translated what mahal meant in google..several translations have it to mean expensive. i agree 100%. I think it should be $$ instead of $.i gotChicken Tikka Masala Roti Taco -this was just ok Lamb Curry Roti Taco- this is not worth 5$. def not something id be "baaaaa-ck" for. also very dry.Gulab Jamun -just meh
Average food. Bit pricey for amount of food. I tried lamb curry with garlic naan, it was good. And roti with chicken tikka masala was unusually sweet, didn't enjoy it that much. Taco is basically served with choice of your curry on either naan or roti, with lettuce, purple cabbage, onion green chutney.Good part is it is located on nice area and they have outdoor seating. All in all it is average food at good location.
I was really excited when I first heard about this place 1)theres not a lot healthy fast eats in the West Village 2) Who doesn't love Tacos 3) Indian food is seriously underratedI didn't order anything the first time I walked in bc Bowls don't sound Mexican or Indian. Today I needed a quick bite before drinking, so I ordered a Roti Taco. First off, the roti's do not have roti texture... 2nd off, their chutneys are the cheap runny kind you get at the Pakistani takeout places, not real chutney like even at Indikitch. Not sure what is a Taco or Indian about a Bread-y plate for some pieces of orange chicken topped with pre-bought lettuce and purple cabbage. What a waste of a Franken-cuisine. There was no onion, no sour, no Cilantro. Even taco truck tacos are more authentic.They do have sidewalk seating and nice employees and that's why they get 3 stars.
I got to try the chicken Tikka Malala taco at the NYC Taco Showdown event. I had to wait quite a bit for it, but it was definitely worth it! The flavor of the sauce was delicious, and the roti was piping hot. Very nice blend of flavors, and I really liked the sauce; it was flavorful and bit spicy, and it wasn't too sweet. Overall very good tacos, but I'm not sure whether I'd be willing to pay the price per taco in the store.
Huge fan of this tiny, quick eats spot. Reasonably priced, made fresh, and so tasty!!! I'd suggest the chicken tika masala on naan. It is enough for 1 person for lunch. I didn't try the rotis but they are smaller, and priced accordingly, so you probably need at least 2 maybe 3 for a full meal. Super friendly service. Very small space so better for take out than eat in. I'll definitely be back!
I love the food here!! It's a good place for take out food! Their food concept of more of flavor India with style of Mexico I got chicken tikka masala on garlic naan and hands down this was best chicken tikka flavoring wise I have had! Their mango lassi was decent because he one I got had lot of ice which eventually water down my lassi. But over all their food is amazing!
YES to taco mahal! The hypes:- fresh flavorful and a perfect combination of texture and spice - chicken tikka masala on a naan is the most popular and really good. But don't skip out on the rest. Even the aloo gobi on a roti, lamb, or chicken curry is really flavorful. All the meats and veggies are made really well. You can't go wrong with anything. - come topped with fresh veggies and chutney- roti and naan are made fresh in the tandoor. The roti is wheat. - super friendly staff. Like seriously. When it's cold you may be offered some complimentary chai. - gulab jamuns are soft- they'll make my kid a plain roti with butter :)- best bang for your buckGet here before that viral buzzfeed video on them blows up this summer.
Had the roti with lamb curry and garlic naan with chicken tikka masala. My girl had the lamb kabab on a roti.  I personally enjoyed the lamb curry on a roti the best, Then the lamb kabab.  All 3 were very delicious.  Go check it out.
Everyone knows it is not easy to open and run a new eatery in NYC. This family run taco joint is doing a pretty darn good job of it so far. The father and daughter at the front are very kind and friendly. They operate with a good level of professionalism that I think will continue to grow. While I was in there waiting for my taco, two tourists sent back their orders twice, the second time demanding that they wanted their tacos made with rice instead of naan. I was so pleased to see the owner push back gently and explain that naan tacos could not be made with rice....as that would no longer be a taco. The food itself is very very good. Would like an option for different toppings though, such as raita yogurt or mango chutney. Hopefully they continue to evolve and expand their options!
I got to try this place out today and I was beyond happy that I had the chance to. A few friends of mine had posted on my page to go try this out for my blog so I made my way to 7th Avenue South and Barrow Streets. I found it fairly quickly. I did not anticipate it really being a hole in the wall but it actually was. I got to record some footage. It had a couple of tables outside and seating inside. I also very much enjoyed the decor as well. The mural on the wall was absolutely stunning. It is definitely up there as my second best mural/art piece at a restaurant. They also had a nice playlist going that consisted of traditional indian music as well as a few pop hits.The menu was simple. You picked your type of taco shell which was either naan or roti. And then you picked your protein. I went with a Lamb Kabob Naan Taco and a Chicken Tikka Masala Roti Taco. Each of them were topped with Romain Lettuce, Purple Cabbage, Onions, and a homemade chutney. I will start with the lamb kabob taco.....it was my favorite of the two. It had a sweet and savoriness to it. The crunch of the veggies and the fresh taste that the cilantro and chutney added to it really made this a delicious taco. My only issue with it was how it wasnt proportionate. It was a giant piece of naan but about a quarter of it was just empty. I was a little disappointed with that because it should have meat from end to end. Besides that, I wouldn't change a thing. The Chicken Tikka Masala Roti Taco was actually good. I did find it a little sweeter than it needed to be. I found it a little spicy but I couldn't stop eating it. It was delicious and filled from end to end. I would say the only thing I did not like was the amount of gravy but I am sure if I went there again, I could request less sauce on my taco and boom issue solved. Overall I really liked this place. I love tacos and an Indian Fusion concept is just awesome. I thought they were very filling and satisfying for the price. Just expect a short wait time for the food because this place does get busy. But besides that, give them a try, you won't regret it.
I've had Indian food and I've had tacos, and this married them together perfectly. The outdoor seating gets this place even higher on my list! The Lamb Leg roti was delicious, and a nice and quick snack.
You can see just about anything in Manhattan, especially in the West Village.  What was once a newsstand on 7th Avenue South has transformed into Taco Mahal - the a little spot that offers Indian food served in tacos.   The concept is essentially just naan wrapping up chicken tikka masala or lamb kabob to be shaped like a taco but what is it that makes this place special and make me want to drag myself across nearly 6 neighborhoods to get their tasty food? The answer is that their venue is where "La Casa meets the Masala."  The space itself is pretty snug but the walls are cheerful and celebrate the different cultures that helped make their concept come to life.  The menu offers either naan or roti.  Their naan is baked in a clay oven and comes out pretty fluffy while their roti option is similar to a tortilla but much sturdier given how much meat or vegetables goes into each taco.  The menu isn't extensive but it literally has something for everyone.  I enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala marinated in spices and the Lamb Curry marinated in spices and drenched in their spicy curry sauce.  Of course if you're an herbivore you can have veggies and rice and lentils or chips and chutney on the side.    When I first came here with a friend, we were offered a sample of their Masala Chai Tea.  Reluctant to try it at first, it was genuinely delicious and I'd urge whoever is reading this to treat themselves to an Indian taco whenever they're in downtown Manhattan.
Indian tacos? Yes, please. I heard from my friend that this place is bomb so decided to check it out on a Friday night after having some drinks. I got the chicken curry on roti which was only $3.50 and pretty filling. The flavor is on point and definitely tastes authentic; good amount of spice, as well. The staff are really fun and friendly and while the space is small, it clears out eventually so isn't too hard to find seating. Plus, tacos are a pretty portable food. I'll definitely come back here to try more; maybe a naan taco next time!
Yum dude yummmmm!!!! Found this place by accident after visiting the "Friends" apartment building and Big Gay Ice Cream - so glad I did!! I love Indian food and this place was abaolutely delish!! Great service too! It's very small but we sat outside on the patio so it didn't matter! Had the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry tacos on naan- seriously excellent! Highly recommend!!
Very friendly, family-owned little Indian taqueria just outside Greenwich Village.  They have a few bar seats like about 10 so not a lot of seating.  We had the lamb curry taco on naan, chicken tikka taco on naan, and a couple of the basmati bowls.  It was so good, I had to get another taco so tried the smaller chicken tikka taco on roti.  Naan tacos is about 2x bigger than the roti and roti is about a 4 bite taco.  Loved them all.  Great place to get a quick bite.  This is one of those places that makes NYC great!
Perfect amount of food and so tasty. Got the Chicken Tikka Masala in the Naan Taco. Forgot to ask for garlic naan, only a reason to return!
Great little affordable treat. The roti was my favorite, because that one was the best mix between Indian and tacos. I had both the veggie options, both were good. Would like to have a more creamy option, like a paneer masala. Would be five stars if there was more to choose from  in toppings.
Finally made it here after hearing about how amazing the food was, absolutely lived up to the hype. I had chana masala on naan bread with a side of chips and chutney & I've been thinking about it ever since, hope they consider expanding to DC!
Listen, the food is delicious and it's the perfect size and price for a good snack. I love the chicken tikka masala roti taco and chutney and chips. Under $10 and they pair perfectly!
I love tacos. I love Indian food. The fusion of the two works. $8 for a decently sized naan taco. I was very happy
Ordered the garlic naan with spinach and paneer on a m Thursday night. Outdoor seating is nice and the servers are friendly and super accommodating. Butttttt, my food came lukewarm at best and just didn't not taste very good. My friend got the lamb which was better than my meal but still smelled kinda meaty.
Delicious, fresh and affordable. Guy at counter was friendly, gave me some chai to go with my meal when he saw I didn't get a drink. Note that this is not Indian-Mexican fusion but rather a clever repackaging of Indian food. That being said, the sauces are spot on and even the chips were good. Ordering is pretty simple, just pick naan or roti and select a filling. Lamb costs a little more but is worth it. Sides like chips or rice and lentils are optional. Location is very tiny but there is some counter seating, maybe enough for 6 people comfortably.
Amazing. I had the lamb on garlic naan with mango lassi. Perfection. A bit pricey. Only cuz its lamb, but definitely worth it even if you try it once. Seasoning and texture spot on.
we had Naan with chicken masala and one with spinach and cheese. Taste was excelent and I find it really interesting as a concept overall. However I had to go for $ pizza afterwards as that was just not enough, so I would suggest taking some appetizers as well:)
Reminiscent of Goa Taco and Tac N Roll, this small and oddly shaped space is packed with friendly staffers dishing up tasty fusion dishes:Chicken Tikka Masala Roti Taco $3.50 SpicyChicken breast marinated in spices and yogurt and roasted to perfection in our clay oven. Served with option of our masala sauce.Chicken Curry Naan Taco $7.00 MediumChicken thighs and breasts marinated in spices and herbs slow-cooked to perfection in our flavorful curry sauce.
Need to up their portions or drop their prices. For the same price as a chipotle burrito you get maybe half the food with taco naan. It's good though!
I came here after reading all the amazing reviews this place had. I was sadly super disappointed. I ordered a chicken tikka masala bowl after reading and being sold on the fact that it came with guac. I even confirmed with the girl at the counter that it came with guac- yes, that's how much I love guac. When my food came out, I was so sad to see there was no guac! I asked the guy who served me and he said they ran out. I think he was expecting me not to notice... so yeah. I was overall pretty bummed and don't think the quality of the food made up for my lack of guac!Not to mention, there was an entire bowl full of avocados at the counter. Couldn't they make more?
I came here after watching a video about this restaurant and was drawn to the Latin-Indian fusion concept. The owner is half Indian half Latina so I had high expectations to its authenticity.It is a small restaurant in the West Village that used to be a magazine store with limited inside seating but lots of seating outside. The decor is a colorful mix of Latin and Indian art on the walls. The staff were friendly and patiently explained the entire menu concept (I always have a lot of questions!). There are basically three main options: 1) Basmati Bowl, 2) Roti Taco, 3) Naan Taco.  I opted for a garlic Naan Taco with Lamb Curry ($8.50) since they told me that would be more filling. Their lamb is halal so my friend who eats halal-only was able to get the Naan Taco with Lamb Kabob. We ordered at the counter and sat down at the high booths to wait for our order. I also got the Iced Masala Chai, which they brought out within a couple of minute. It tasted good and just like it sounds - cold chai.  The Naan tacos came out about 5 minutes later and were perfectly spiced + savory. The portion size could have been bigger given the price - it might not be filling for most people to just get one taco. The naans aren't really made to hold curry so it did dissolve and get mushy by the time I got to the middle. Overall a great experience but other than the meat being in a taco-like bread, I don't really see how this is a fusion restaurant. Everything else on the menu leans to Indian food. Either way, I enjoyed it and will be returning to try their Basmati bowl!
Winter is officially here, and Taco Mahal is THE perfect new spot to warm your empty tummy!Despite a small situated establishment between Bleeker and 7th, Mahal ceases to lack in flavor. S. Lee & I ordered the chicken tikki masala & lamb curry - both on naan. The staff are super friendly, knowledgeable and hospitable, it'll be hard for you not to love this place.Such an original concept, I don't understand why this hasn't been inducted into the NYC food scene earlier! Taco Mahal will not disappoint for anyone looking for an ethnic twist to the classic food staple.
f&#@ this place is amazing. How have we gone THIS LONG in the world without indian tacos... this place has started a food revolution. melt in your mouth Naan + chicken tikka + taco style = life can't ever be the same.Lamb curry - spicy heaven.
Didn't have the best experience. I got the taco naan w the vegetable of the day (cauliflower & potato. I found the curry to be extremely salty w out much other flavor.  The worst part is that the guy making the naan bread was not wearing gloves. Why have an open kitchen & not follow common standards of cleanliness? Everyone else had gloves but it looked like this guy was the one handling the food. This was a huge turn off; will not be back.
Picked up a Mealpal order of 2 Chicken Tikka Masala Tacos. The picture showed a decent sized portion on top of naan bread. What I received was far from it. Two tiny tacos on Roti (I believe). Complete disappointment. The chicken was very DRY, the sauce was way too sweet and it was all soggy and really unappetizing. Won't return.
Reasonably priced and good quality Indian tacos. Interesting concept. Barney said it( how I met your mother): Indian, Mexican, Chinese food, "funny meat and rice." As long as it is prepared well, I'm all for it. Don't care what you call it! I will return to this joint.
This place OMG.Completely unexpected and entirely delicious. The naan was fluffy and almost disintegrated in your mouth while being sturdy enough to hold our chicken curry and tikka masala. They also had a masala chai tea that was the most delightful drink I can imagine. Go out of your way and check it out.
Not sure about the food because it hasn't arrived yet but the taco making process is extremely slow. Be ready to wait a while if you are visiting on the weekend. The service is good everyone is very amicable and certainly the concept is novel. Yes and when the food arrived after an hour long wait it's alright.
Oh my God?! What kind of magic do they put in these tacos? It was a rainy morning today in NYC and as soon as the rain stopped I stumbled into this joint seeking comfort and easing of my hunger.  I'm so glad I popped in here - the music is on point and totally contributes to the vibes.  The NAAN WAS SO WARM AND TOASTY AND WARMED MY DEAR HEART.The chicken tika masala was just sweet enough and caresses the tender chicken pieces so well together.  I am getting so poetic because it was a poetic moment.  Don't judge.I also had the potato and spinach - wish it had more potato too, but it was still so good.Can I eat this for breakfast, lunch, dinner and everytime in between?  KTHANKS.Also not that the clover system they have when you swipe your credit card is not touch screen.  HAHA I kept pressing the screen to answer the "do you want to tip" question.
Read the reviews than tried Taco Mahal yesterday. Ready to go back today. Had the Naan and lamb with curry and the chips and chutney. Both perfect, and you can't beat the price . Service was quick and friendly . Highly recommend
Great fusion of Indian and Mexican cuisine. Being an Indian I understand the importance of spices and this place had it spot in. The staff/owner are amazing and quirky. They take the time to explain everything well and are really friendly. Fast service. Good for a quick bite !
yaaay my two favorite foods. Indian taco?!?Had one of each taco and have to say its a win for the price and the flavor you cant go wrong. I always end up wrapping my roti around stuff when I eat Indian food anyway , saved me a step. Staff is friendly and attentive and helpful with the menu. Only downside I can say I experienced is that they were out of a few things I really wanted to try when I was there, I guess I will just have to go back.
I visited Taco Mahal yesterday with my girl and it was delicious! The young lady at the counter who i believe is also the owner was very friendly. She explained the menu to us and told us what was popular and how to order. We both had the lamb curry on garlic naan and my girl had a chicken tikka masala roti. I thought the flavor of the lamb was good and spicy, i just wish it had a creamy or sweet component like sour cream or tamarind sauce (my girl's suggestion). All in all, i would definitely recommend and return.
Pricey but tasty Indian food turns into a burrito! Almost always no place to sit, so that will have to wait a bit.
Glad we found this sweet spot.  Reasonable, fresh, delicious and fast. Staff (owners???) were lovely and attentive.  We will be back!  We had the lamb kebab in naan (the naan is perfection), a couple of chicken tikka masala naans, and a lamb curry bowl.  The toppings were fresh and added the perfect counter balance to the moderate spice (you can ask for more spice on the side).
The lamb curry roti was on point.  I want the recipe for the cilantro-mint chutney.  Wow!  What a flavor bomb!The folks are super nice.  I will return.
A much-needed high quality quick-serve place in the West Village. Super tasty, I particularly like the chicken tikka masala basmati rice bowl. Alway very fresh, and a decent sized serving.
I had the chicken tikka masala on a garlic naan. The naan was so fresh and overall flavors were great. I do wish it could have been a bit spicier though. I also had a mango lassi which was perfect! Sweet, cool, and refreshing. I had gulab jamun for the side/dessert and the flavor combination was correct but I was disappointed it was served chilled as growing up, I would always eat gulab jamun hot/warm.
Winning friendly and fast customer service. Delicious quality ingredients. The taco itself is breads compared to a tortilla so be prepared for that. I got the garlic nan with chicken masala as recommended and it was wonderful, though I admit I don't know if the garlic on the nan (50 cents extra) can really be tasted due to the powerful flavors of the taco filling, but it may add to the appearance and perhaps add subtle flavor detectable by a refined palette. If you like Indian food and are craving a quick delicious hand held with a touch of Latin flair, then come on by!
Really enjoyed these Indian tacos. You choose either roti or naan then you select your meat or veggie.  One thing to note, the menu does not offer a standard veggie option but instead a "Veggie of the Day".  I chose 2 chicken tikka masala tacos in roti.   The thin whole wheat flatbread was a perfect shell to the creamy and flavorful chicken. It was topped with some greens, purple cabbage and a tiny sprinkle of cilantro and onions.   Nice balance of flavors and textures.  2 roti tacos was just enough for lunch and was reasonably priced as well.     The place only offers bar stool seating and the service was standard.   Will def return.
OOZING WITH FLAVOR! OMG I CAME IN JUST TO ASK WHAT IS THIS PLACE? The Indian tacos are on another level! Roti or naan tacos ? Yasssss! The flavors are A party in your mouth. Must try this place. It's small but you can order at the counter and sit or take out. The young lady at the counter is sooooooo sweet and answers all questions! Love this little gem!
Price: Expensive, I think my gf and I each got 2 naan w/ veggie or meat filling and the price was over 20 bucks.Staff: Great, everyone was really nice and wanted to help out. Ambiance: Chill place, you sit outside and relax. Luckily we had good weather out, otherwise the inside is rather cramped. Food: It was good, nothing out of this world but was fun to try at least once. I had the veggtarian naan option and my gf went with naan with chicken tikka.
Tasty, but overpriced.  The tacos were small and not as beautifully presented as their posts on social media.  The place is basically a hole in the wall.  The tables outside are all wobbly and shaky.  Not a good place for a date, but if you are willing to pay a lot of money to satisfy your taco fix, then by all means, have at it!  I went there because of the great reviews, but left hungry and disappointed.
I was the first customer of the day, and my basmati bowl tasted like it was leftovers from the night before. 1. Cold chicken tikka straight from the refrigerator without even a complimentary nuke. 2. Chewy basmatic rice sprinkled with the occassional steel-hard bit of grain. If you have a crown and bite down on one of these babies at the right angle ... Ouch!3. Watery lettuce mixed with the tikka resulting in a brownish, green goop sloshing around the  bowl. Yummers4. Said repellant sludge making quick work of the cardboard biodegradeable bowl and turning it into a slouching frisbee. Earth-friendly, yes. Pants-friendly, no.I love Indian food, but this was just pooh.
I would love to eat here all the time!  I had the chicken tikka masala garlic naan and a chicken curry roti.  They were soo delicious!  I can't wait to go again.  I want to try everything on their menu.  I wish the place was bigger but only because I want hang out there all day and eat.  It is small with only a few chairs. The staff is very friendly.  Love this fusion of food.  Latin and indian = heaven.
Came in on a busy tuesday at 8 pm,  the girl at the front was super helpful at explaining the menu. At first I thought it was going to be a mexican-indian fusion, but it was more just a different take on Indian food by putting it into taco style indian bread. The chicken tikka masala naan taco was large and filling, I also got a side order of chips with dipping sauce. I think one naan and smaller roti taco would be enough to fill someone up, my buddy got the lamb roti and said it was sweet and delicious. Seating is a little cramped but they dont have much space and you make due inside. Its a good fast bite in the west village if your cravinig Indian food and a taco at the same time.
The garlic naan chicken tikka masala "taco" was delicious! It was very filling. I considered getting two but I was stuffed after one so it's a good thing I didn't. We shared an order of Samosas. They were good but spicy so be warned. The service was fast. There are a few counter seats inside but most seats are outside. It was a rainy day so we sat inside. It was hard to have a conversation while sitting at a counter but it didn't matter so much since we were stuffing our faces.
This place is so good I think if your gonna buy something from here, definitely buy the chicken Tikka garlic naan. Hands down it's the most popular thing on the menu both bc of the taste and price. Little to no seating inside but outside there's way more seating. I'd say seating outside is way better option because inside gets crowded with people ordering. But all in all great place, in terms of authenticity I think it lacks because of how it's not trying to be a traditional Indian restaurant but a fusion between Mexican and indian. But it's a good tasting food option at the end of the day.
Masala chai - checkSamosa - checkChicken tikka on garlic naan - checkCurry veggies on roti - checkDivine happiness - extra check Ommmm !
Some of the best indian food I've had. The Chicken Tikka is absolutely delicious. Clean place. Great music with outdoor seating!
The food is definitely 4-5 stars but the service was lacking. Which didn't make sense, they weren't busy when we arrived and had like 50 people in their tiny kitchen. My food came out only after I asked the runner and my friend was already done with her meal. They offered an apology but after waiting so long it really didn't help.
Tasty indian food, served in tacos so you can get small portions.  I had the sag paneer, and recommend that.  And the samosas - they're good too.
Decent food. Horrible experience. The manager would not allow my family to eat with me because they did not have indian food. The managers exact words were, "Does it look like we sell pizza here? Move!" Won't be back and would not recommend due to service alone. Customer service is everything and NYC makes money off visitors. Taco Mahal lives up to the NYC rudness.
This place is great for a quick, reasonably priced meal. We got the chicken tikka masala on naan, two of the day's veggies on roti, and the rice and daal. The vegetables and chicken were amazing. The daal was a little on the bland side but still pretty good. I ordered the garlic naan (for an extra charge) which I couldn't taste so I think next time I will stick to regular naan. Can't wait to go back and try their other options!
I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but this was pretty tasty. The naan was excellent - much better than the other shell option. My wife who loves Indian food thought it was excellent, and the kids did too. Only negative is there's hardly any seating. Absolutely none inside and only a few tables outside.
I'm honestly writing this review as I walk home because the cashier (guy in the backwards hat whose name escapes me) was great. I was in a bad mood and he totally turned ir around for me.. his attitude and kindness just really brightened my day/spirits and it really meant a lot.Update: The chicken curry and masala are also must-haves.
Amazing tacos, great flavor, great service. The wait is about 15 min and there's outdoor seating and a bench inside. Very small but very tasty.
I've had Yelp for quite some time but this is the first review I ever truly cared to do. I heard a lot of good things before coming here so my expectations were already a bit high, but this place still blew me away! For starters, the service is absolutely exceptional. Danikkah was very sweet and genuine, and took her time to explain the food options and the most popular dishes for first-timers. She even gave us a few samples of the masala chai to try while waiting for our food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and lamb curry on rotis. The flavor and quality was unbelievable, especially for the affordable price. Great place to sit outside and eat on a nice day; I would absolutely recommend it to those who enjoy Indian food or would like to give it a try.
The area inside is TINY.And theres outside seating, but when its raining or when the sun is blazing down, you don't wanna sit there cuz it'll be uncomfortable.The pricing needs adjustment. I wouldn't pay over $4 for a mango lassi ever.The naan is $8 I believe but I ended up getting two tacos for $7ish.1stly, these aren't "real tacos". And now that I think about it, the food was overhyped. I could definitely place a piece of bread, lettuce, & onion, pour curry on it & then it'd be the same thing that I got.But it was put together well and they make their bread by hand. The bread, not gonna lie, was actually kinda nice. The chicken tikka was real smooth & not too heavy, and the channa masala was good.They should have wet-ones or sani wipes in my opinion cuz your hands will get mad dirty.Id go again, but I wouldnt come often cuz it doesnt worth it to keep coming back. Keep exploring !
Had a chicken tikka masala taco. Good concept & the taco was good. I wished it had more flavor & spice tho. The iced masala chai was good. My friend was not a fan of her chicken tikka masala bowl. The locale is very small. A few seats. Its a place for grabbing a quick bite. I do recommend it though. Really not bad food.
Very good food. The naan and roti are made to order. They are awesome! Minus one star because they are slow AF!
Amazing food recommend, loved the chicken masala. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. They know what they are doing. I wish them the best, and with food like this they will remain the best
Amazing taco! The flavors of the fresh garlic naan with the chicken tikka masala and fresh relish(not sure what it should be called) were wonderful. What a refreshing treat to have such beautiful food!!
Indian tacos...what an interesting and delicious fusion! We just wanted to grab some cheap dinner and after some sleuthing on Yelp, decided to give this place a try. The restaurant is on a corner and is VERY small so I would not recommend for large groups or for people expecting to sit there with space to move, but the aesthetic is very cool with a collage wall of Indian/Hindu symbols and bold colors. The cashier, whose name I unfortunately forget, was so energetic and enthusiastic as he was explaining the menu. Seemed like he really liked working there, which always makes the overall dining experience THAT much better. I ordered the lamb curry on a garlic naan and a side of the chips and chutney and they were very tasty! I was skeptical about how much flavor it would have, as I am 100% Indian and my mother makes the most delicious and authentic home made lamb curry. I was very pleased and will be going back soon!
The food is terrible!  The staff is nice, but the decor is offensive. I ordered a roti taco and naan taco and subbed for garlic naan. I liked the consistency of the naan, but that's the only compliment I can give. I've had much better Indian food. The food was bland and not cooked well. I got sick after eating here. And portions weren't that great. I'd skip this place if I were you.
I had heard about this place and wanted to check it out sometime   I had the opportunity to go there over the weekend. Im vegetarian so my review is based on that option. I had the saag paneer taco. It was good but 1 isn't filling 2 at ten bucks a pop I wish there was a special  of ordering more than one taco so had a "bowl" also. The food was a bit salty to my taste and the bowl options had no flavor (I could have made it better at home). The location is very small so there is only seating outside I guess in the winter they will have to use heat lamps. I'd probably go back if I happened to be in the area and there was no lineI'm not sure what the fusion was. I guess it was putting an A Indian vegetable dish in a naan and folding it into a " taco" I was hoping that there were different  fusion options
This was my first time here and it will not be my last!  Also what a great idea!  I got the chicken tikka on garlic naan taco.   It was so good and flavorful.   It's a little messy but totally worth it!  My friend got the lamb and loved it.   I'm not sure what's not to love about this place.  It's fresh, fast and delicious.   It will definitely be in my lunch rotation.
Love this place after I was introduced to it by a friend all the food is good and I especially love the garlic naan with the lamb curry. You go out of your way for this place.
The service was not great ... the guy behind the counter taking our order was a smart a$$, the food did not come out together (my taco was sitting on the table getting cold, as I waited for my family's food to come out).We had a party of 6, so we tried different things on the menu, it really was nothing different than what you get at a typical Indian restaurant. Too bad... that place looked really promising.
Great food. Had lamb curry taco. Delicioso!  Also had chicken tika masla also excellent.  Both highly recommend and plan to return.   Want to explore more of the menu
DELICIOUS!Got the roti with lamb. Some heat, very flavorful, but not too spicy. Lots of cilantro, which is an absolute must for me. Also got the chicken tikka masala on naan.  The naan is larger.  More like a pita sandwich, like a gyro.  It got a little soggy so i think i like the roti better but maybe it was my filling choice. Chicken tikka masala is more saucy than the lamb kabob would have been.  Lamb on roti is my favorite for sure.  Will definitely return!Not 5 stars cause it's more a tiny to go place than a leisurely sit down and enjoy atmosphere. Also the soggy naan was a little messy.
3.5 stars. Felt these could've been more flavorful, or had better breads maybe? Love the concept but the execution wasn't quite there for me.  But a quick, cheap option for those nights you just got off a 5-hour flight and the kids are hungry and you're hungry and everyone's desperate.
Right off the bat, the service and food was so great!! The daughter of the owner was at the register and was super nice and was great at giving recommendations and explaining the specials.  We got the chicken tikka masala on a garlic naan and it exceeded my expectations. I have tried plenty of chicken tikka masala's and this one is definitely in my top 5 favorites. The naan was soft with a slight crunch to it.  I already want to go back!
Super good stuff! My chicken tikka masala with naan was fresh and tasted better than many other Indian places I've tried. You really get a lot of bang for your buck. The decor is really colorful and celebrates the cultures represented in the food. There's no bathroom, though, so do be mindful!
I had this place bookmarked for a while and finally got to try it this weekend. They have 3 options. Roti, Naan or Basmati Rice as your base and then a few veggie and meat options for your fillings. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb kebab and all 3 of the veggie options. I loved the Naan n Basmati rice. Others in my party loved the Roti. so I guess try all 3 and discover your favorite. All 3 were delicious though it just depends on what rocks your boat. The owner was also super nice and had us try a couple of diff things on the house. A great experience with a good twist on Indian food.
Speedy delivery of good quality Indian fast food. The flavorful Indian 'tacos' are unlike anything I've had before. The chicken tikka masala tacos remain my favorite- saucy and spicy with a nice crunch from the lettuce and tanginess from the chutneys.
Needed a quick bite before closing out pride month at the stonewall and happened upon this little joint. It was a pleasant surprise! I got two small "tacos" which were saag paneer and Chana masala wrapped in roti ($3.25/each). They were both really delicious and can't say enough about the  cilantro-y hot sauce which added the perfect amount of heat for my spicy-loving tastebuds without adding 800% of my sodium intake for the day. I feel like I generally know a good idea when I wonder why no one else thought of this...and that's how I feel about this little Indian "taqueria." If you need a quick cheap bite in Greenwich village, I definitely recommend.
Amazing selection of tacos made fresh to order. Tender chicken, freshly made tortillas, you can order different styles of tacos, really good Indian inspired tea, well priced, super friendly staff. Can't wait to go back.
This is the perfect marriage of the best taco you've ever had (take union pool "el Diablo" tacos for example) and the best Kathi roll you've ever had (Roomali -which is sadly no longer open)....and BOOM!! You get Taco Mahal. Undoubtedly the best snack food in NYC right now. All the bread is super fresh/healthy, cooked right out of the tandoor oven (zero oil/grease), their lamb curry and chicken tikka is It's a 100% family run business - love the service and their warmth right when you walk in the door.  Oh and don't forget to try their masala chai
Excellent concept and excellent service! I almost walked by it, but the name and logo were so interesting it caught my eye. It's low on seats, but high on hospitality. The owner took it over the space and made it into a restaurant  after her father ran it as a newsstand for 30 years and retired. It fuses a Mexican concept with Indian Cuisine. What could NYC produce that would be better?
The two of us each had a roti, which was pretty good, but not enough.  We wanted to share a larger order, the nan, for variety.  I asked them to cut in two pieces and the counter staff refused, saying it was too messy.  I  said that I would cut it myself but they weren't sure that they had a knife.  Hard to believe a place that cooks food doesn't have one.  I wouldn't hurry back here.
A regular sudden neighborhood favorite - all of a sudden we realized we needed Chicken Curry Tacos at least once per week - both Naan and Roti varieties. Extremely welcome affordable and cooked to order. Sometimes a line but they manage it fairly well. Much more space during summer time with sidewalk seating.
After seeing a video on FB, I decided to give this place a try today (Friday night). I should have left when I saw the long line. Place is small, very limited seating inside (countertop/stool seating) and there was seating outside but of course being a nice warm spring day, all seats were taken. I went with my friend and we ordered Channa masala basmati rice bowl with side of chips and chutney.  First of all, the wait was literally 40+ minutes just for our simple order. The kitchen consist of maybe five people and the place was packed. Yes, I know the place is new and family owned but it is seriously understaffed. Anyway, when my friend went to check on our order (after waiting for over 30 min) we noticed two people who came in at least 15-20 min AFTER us got their food BEFORE us. Also I noticed female cashier (who is one of the owners) greet the customers by name and super chummy with both parties. When my friend asked why did they get their food before us? She said she is going by ticket number and they placed their order via phone. Total BS, I heard them both place their orders at the counter. So people who happen to be  regulars will get their orders first while the rest of us newbies wait nearly an hour. Food was subpar, nothing special, definitely not worth the long wait. The Facebook video I saw made it seem like some Mexican and Indian fusion; however, in reality the food is Indian. They just shaped the naan, roti and the paadum into tacos and nachos. We were seriously fooled. I expected some Indian-Mexican fusion in flavor, like Chinese-Indian cuisine. Overpriced too. Won't be going back.
Chicken Tikka masala and lamb curry were great. Delicious Indian food for a decent price in the West Village. A fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
Would have loved to try this place and their food, but after patiently waiting 15 minutes at the counter without any acknowledgment or hint of taking our order, we left hungry. The place looked like a little bit of a mess and in a disarray. The gentleman that was handling the food adjusted the trash can and went back to preparing the food. It was a very disappointing experience. I was rooting for you guys! :(
Holy cow!! the chicken marsala on roti bread? The best taco I've ever had, though technically it's not a taco.  Super nice cat behind the register too, I love this place
Great hole in the wall Indian fast food joint! There's lots of outdoor seating and a few spots inside. No restrooms here. For a snack, take the roti with your choice of curry on top. For vegetarians, there's Chana masala and two veggie of the day options. For a meal, order the nan with curry, or the basmati rice bowl. Interesting to see roti and naan used as a taco (thus the name). Mango lassis are worth the $4.95.
Wowowowow what a quaint little heaven..! So we come here after a tiring day and instantly cheered up with some lip smacking amazing food..! They have indian starters.. the samosas were great..! And we had the chicken tikka masala (goes best with garlic naan).. we got some yummy gulab jamuns on the house  kudos to this amazing place..! Would definitely recommend it..!
This place is nice to for a quick bite. The menu is simple and the staff is friendly. The place is very small so it's not somewhere where you would want to bring a huge group to eat. I got the chicken Masala on a Naan. It was very flavorful. The naan toast was soft and added a good texture to the meal. I wished that they would have added more filling to the actual taco for the price though ($8.00 each taco.)
Came on a Tuesday evening, wasn't particularly crowded but the service was incredibly slow. We waited almost 30 minutes for a few tacos. We ordered a chips and dip appetizer, and they didn't bother to bring it first. Also, they didn't bus the previous person's garbage off the table until we stopped a server and asked him to. The flavors are great - I ordered the chicken curry and tiki masala. But waiting for half an hour in an uncrowded restaurant wasn't worth it.
Stayed open all the way to midnight.   Fantastic so happy right now to be eating  this.
Simple place, humble folks at the counter, clean place & really YUMMY food, just delicious. We tried chicken tikka, Chana, mixed veg and spinach mushroom. All of them were very tasty. Our favorite was the spinach mushroom. You can keep on eating the spinach mushroom filling by the spoonful!! Definitely have to try!!
There was a long wait even after ordering and they got my order wrong. I didn't really see much of Hispanic side of the food either so it was just Indian food.
It's a hole in the wall kind of place, no bathrooms for patrons; I wish there was a canopy above the tables outside so we could sit & enjoy our lunch. I expected too much after the fun viral video but I was disappointed with the food.
FRESH yummy Indian food in a taco shell, sort of.'I chose chicken tikka masala in rotiWhy am I still writing ?Just go there Lovely people, too
Omg! It's been some time since I've even wanted to review a place. But this place here..........I haven't enjoyed something this good in my mouth since my boyfriend. The first bite I fell in love. The place is just as beautiful as the owner. I will be back.
Tried the chicken tikka masala naan and lamb curry roti taco today for lunch. Both were good, especially the chicken tikka masala and would get it again!! So why the 2 stars? The service here was extremely slow and unorganized. I was the second person in line, and the 4th person got her food and left before the rest of us who ordered before her. Shortly after she left, I received 1 of the two items I ordered and it took an additional 15 mins for me to receive the second item. Being the second person in line, I should not have had to wait a total of 30 mins! There were 4 people working and they were soooo slow to the point I just wanted to grab everything from them and do it myself!
I have to admit that I doubted this place would live up to all of the hype, but I think it really did. We got 2 different types of tacos and both were awesome. I loved the fresh veggies and lettuce that they top them with to add some crispness to it and the sauces were tasty. The guy taking our orders was super patient and ran through the process with us since it was our first time. The only negative was that the space is sooo tiny. We had to wait outside for our food. I will be back next time I'm in NYC.
Indian meets Mexican. The chicken tikka masala on naan was absolutely incredible. It's reasonably priced, and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely check this place out.
We tried the chicken Tikka masala and the lamb kebab in naan. So delicious with the perfect amount of spiciness -- that was when the mango lassi came in! It was iced, but so good!!
I've walked past this shop for months and finally decided to try it out despite my skepticism of  fusion.The shop is pretty small but has very cool decor, limited indoor seating and more outdoor seating. Got the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry roti tacos with mild spice and they were delicious! Just a warning to people who can barely handle spice - the mild was actually quite spicy for me and my nose was running. No regrets though~~~
Great concept, good food. It's a delight to have Indian food wrapped up taco style. Got the chicken tikka masala roti taco and it was delicious. Topped it off with a mango lassi. Boy a lot of space to sit, but the food is worth it. Keep doing ya thang sis!
small, very nice place with a few seats at which to perch and eat. DS and I got rice bowls--he got a lamb curry and I had a super delicious, slightly spicy chicken tikka masala which came with a very flavorful dal.  very fresh sliced lettuce with a minty chutney dressing made a salad. Loved it!  We ordered a side of naan, and had a feast.  The server was very helpful as we figured out our order.  The owner was also there and together they made everyone welcome.   And--they happily gave us big glasses of tap water to drink. rare in NYC restaurants but necessary for my family!delicious meal, helpful and friendly staff, bright and pleasant place--go and enjoy!
I loved the idea! And the food itself was absolutely delicious...super fresh and tasty :). It's a limited menu of two meat choices and a few "veggies of the day", we tried the chicken tikka masala, the chana masala and the okra. Everything was delicious!
I had been wanting to try this place for a while since I saw it open. It didn't disappoint! I had the tikka masala taco on garlic nann and goat curry on roti. Both were delicious! This is a great concept and they really nailed it IMO. Look forward to coming back here in the future.
The chicken tikka masala on both naan and roti are amazing! Add the garlic! I also tried the rice and lentils which did not disappoint. The employees were very sweet and helpful which made the experience even better.
Cute little place with super friendly staff but portions are way too small for the price.
I thought the concept was interesting enough to warrant a visit.  I did have the chicken tika masala due to the posted reviews.  It was good.  However, it was a little sweet which I am not a fan of.  Also, I asked them to make it spicy and it wasn't.  However, the people there were super nice, and it is definitely worth a visit to try this restaurant.
Great food and service, nicely decorated. Like the concept of "taco" combined with varieties of tasty curry.   A quick and grab joint. Definitely worth trying.
Great twist on 2 classics. More Indian than Mexican. But so good. The staff is amazing.
Good food, moderately priced, excellent service, a bit small on the seating - but excellent concept!
Taco Mahal is delicious. The garlic naan taco with lamb curry is amazing. And they have lots of outdoor seating. This place is great.
Love the idea of this place. Can't believe someone hasn't turned naan bread into a taco before this. The food is very tasty and well priced. Had the lamb curry and chicken tikka on naan and both were amazing, with the lamb curry being the better of the two. Make sure to ask for the spicy green sauce. With this place and Bleecker st pizza next door, this will be my new go to quick and cheap dinner spot in WV!
The tikka masala tacos are delicious, topped with fresh mint chutney and wrapped with garlic naan. I couldn't help myself: I ordered three. Plus, the owner is a delight who took over her father's newspaper stand when he retired.  She's half Indian and half Puerto Rican, which inspired the theme. I can't say enough good things about this place.  So glad I stumbled upon it: highly recommended!Pro tip: go sing along with the pianist at Duplex next door after stuffing yourself with tacos here.
Super tasty cuisine. been there for lunch and had the nan with chicken. yummie. looks good and taste good. plus super clean and great service. i recommend.
I loved the food it was very delicious and I definitely would go again.  The chicken curry and lamb were very good but the best for me was the tikka masala chicken (sooo good).
Indian food in the shape of a taco is so right. Naan baked fresh to order on a clay stove. Roti's are also tasty, more taco-sized. The naan is in between taco and burrito size. For me this is not a full meal of satisfaction, but as half-meal, like in between a big brunch and dinner, it's delicious. Chicken tikka masala naan every time. Veg option also good.
Had to come here after seeing the awesome promo video with the owner talking about the restaurant on Facebook. I ordered a Garlic Naan Chicken Tikka Masala taco. We sat outside and one of their staff members was constantly checking in on people and letting them know their food was coming out shortly. If you sit in with them, it seems like they really take care of you and bring the food out to you as well. It took longer than I expected (about 5-10 min), but I wasn't in too much of a rush. It was beautiful out and if you need to be in and out just call in a to go order. On first bite, I thought it was delicious. Being Indian, I'm used to folding up a piece of Naan and scooping out Chicken Tikka which can be messy so I was digging the Taco idea! Decreased the amount of work I have to do to enjoy my Indian food. The additions of lettuce, cabbage, and the chutneys really gave it all a nice flavor. My only wish is to have more spice! I'm not sure if they have that as an option but if they do, I'd definitely have the staff ask the customer how spicy would you like it while taking the order. Danikkah, the owner, is super sweet too! Wishing you success!
WOW. we came here after our show at the Duplex last night, and we could not have been more thrilled with the food AND the service. they were a half hour from closing, but opened their doors and served us with big smiles and lovely attitudes. i had two roti tacos, one chicken tikka masala and one vegetarian, and both were fantastic, yum!!! the boys all had the naan tacos with the lamb curry and had high praises as well. several of our crew were from out of town and put a lot of effort into finding unique place in new york, but we stumbled upon taco mahal quite by accident. needless to say, they were so thrilled with the experience, and i definitely plan on coming back soon! thank you taco mahal!
I had the chicken curry on naan, and lamb curry on roti. Both were amazing, delicious and flavorful.
Simple menu(good thing)! Great food! Really sweat old man working there. Recommend to anyone! The spice is sooo goooood!
Very small place, lowkey location. Got a Basmati Bowl here on a whim while I was walking around for something to eat. It was great. Sweet, spicy, tangy, juicy & more. Lots of non-meat options as well. Most definitely worth a try.
yum!!! I've always said Naan bread should be used for EVERYTHING and now it exists! Nan and roti tacos! normally I don't love roti but taco Mahal nailed it! Great take-out spot or even nice cute seating outside.
What a unique take on indian and puerto rican food! The flavors are so well put together. i tried the chicken curry naan taco and it was delicious. The pricing is very reasonable for a meal in NYC! I would recommend this place! Not a big restaurant but more like a take out spot.
Taco Mahal is beyond delicious! They have an amazing little space and the staff is incredibly kind and attentive. Some must trys are the naan tikka masala and lamb curry! Try the samosas if they have them as well ;)
Really cool concept. They pull it off. Had the curry and chicken tika. Like the chicken tika more but both were excellent.
I dont know where to begin. I guess ill start with the food. I had the chicken tikka masala bowl. It was delicious. The chicken sauce was creamy and rich with flavors. The chicken came in big chunks that were very tender. The bowl also had basmati rice, salad, lentil dal and guacomole. All these items were tasty and fresh. The service was awesome. The guy who serves you order is very nice. He tries to greet everyone that comes in and says good bye to customers. He also walks you thru the menu. The store is small and seats about 10 people and its usually pack. Theres no bathroom, so do your biz somewhere else
If you love Indian food and tacos it doesn't get much better than this. One of the best foods I've had in NYC.
I Will definitely be coming back! I had the Chicken Tikka & lamb curry taco with a small chai. Worth it!
Excellent new place! Tried everything but not lamb (which I don't enjoy). Very tasty. Get the papadum too! Best for quick bite or take out. Rice dishes are not as balanced, need more protein. Taco is snack size. Not many seats but a really cute place.  Remember what it used to be?
This cute place is a must go to if visiting NY. Even if you're a local, check it out. The food is a mix of Indian food with great spices and Mexican tacos. Great combination. The staff is so friendly and loves talking to their customers. I was from Houston and they were so happy we visited their restaurant while in the city. Food was very good. They offer a lot of choices and everything is pretty good. Meet choices and vegetarian Taco options. There is seating outside bc the inside is small. Definitely visit here!!!
Wonderful to see this neighbourhood joint doing so well! Incredibly authentic Indian flavours and clever use of rotis/naans!
