Favorite Indian restaurant in NYC and the friendliest wait staff! Highly recommend the chicken tikka masala and the coconut raisin naan bread!
First time ever having Indian cuisine and WOW! The food had so much flavor that blended in so well. Came in with my parents since they've been here before. I am definitely coming back here. I told my Indian friends about it and they approved of it as well! The place is nice and small. Not the kind that seems too tight, but just enough space where it felt intimate. Perfect for family dinners or a date for 2.
Amazing samosas and biryani! Such a cute restaurant close to Columbia, serving great food with great service.Both the veg and lamb samosas are delicious, some of the best I've had on the east coast. The chicken tikka masala and spinach naan were also awesome.
We had a late night dinner with a large group after a Yankees game. We left it up to the host to order some dishes. I can't name them, but they were all just amazing. Best samosas I ever had. Top notch service. I wish they were not so far away, I would definitely be back.  Keep in mind - if you are looking for traditional super spiced Indian food, this is not it. As noted by others, the spice level is toned down to appeal to a broader audience. As long as you understand and expect that - you will appreciate this little gem of a restaurant.
The place looks nice and they have a huge menu but the food is not good. It has no taste. I've had way better Indian food at cheaper places. Me and my cousin were very excited and hungry, we were so disappointed after the first bite. We kept asking each other to see if it was really the food and indeed it was. I wouldn't recommend this place if you want tasty food.
What a disappointment!  Muttar paner had 4 little pieces of cheese, Tandori Vegetables were swimming in a creamy sauce.  Both dishes lacked flavor. Naan bread was thick an tasteless. Tamarind and cilantro sauce were a watered down version of the real thing. Samosas  were the best part of the meal.Service was very good.
Just ate here for first time. I had chicken tikka masala and my girlfriend had the tandoori chicken.  Both were really good. Service was very friendly and attentive.
Went here on a whim because our first choice was not available to dine at. Cumin starts off with quick and easy seating, the staff was quick to fill our water and was attentive. This all was ruined by the very mediocre food. We tried a variety of dishes all of which lacked reasonable seasoning, flavor and generally was of poor quality. Additionally when leaving the staff rudely asked us to move when we were putting jackets on to leave. When leaving we ordered wine to go since it was late at night however the owner made us wait over 15 minutes while they packed our wine into individual plastic containers and was to stubborn to accommodate and just leave it in an unopened container. Never coming back. I suggest you don't waste your time here.
Ordered the "Lamb Malai". The description states "Cooked with sour cream, banana and pineapple".  Upon receiving the order, I noticed it was in a thick cashew sauce, to which my daughter is allergic.  I called the restaurant and said they need to clearly list allergens like this, especially when it is a primary ingredient.  The man who answered the phone was rude and insisted they did not need to do so.  Very irresponsible business practice, poor customer service, and barely mediocre food.  Cannot order from this place again.
It really pains me to click off 3 stars as I really want to give it 3.5. There are very nice and generous people at the restaurant. It is a very clean place with an extensive menu. I wouldn't say that their dishes are bland at all. in fact it has a very intricate flavor to it because of a spice they use. Unfortunately we were not the biggest fan of this secret spice that I cannot put a name to - it was just a little overwhelming. the spiciness was enough to make me break into a mild sweat but still allowed you to taste the food without searing the taste buds off your tongue.We ordered a tandoori chicken which was large portioned and well-cooked: one thigh, one leg, one wing, one breast. We also ordered eggplant bhartha which was very tasty and spicy. And a dish of vegetable korma which was a little too creamy for my tastes but hubs liked it a lot. All dishes came with an individual rice. On the side, they gave us a soup as well as the flat bread app that they give out in the restaurant with 3 individually contained sauces (green, brown, and one spicy chopped onion one).Again, this is a very very generous restaurant with very nice people. We would definitely try a few different dishes next time.
Used to love this place.  Quality has gone down.  Ordered a lamb dish and meat was very hard.  Two years ago the same dish was amazing.  Strange. You'd think owners actually look at their food service.  Oh well.  Maybe I'll go back in two years and see if there's a change.
My husband and I went to Cumin for the first time last night, and it was fabulous! We ordered the Mixed Tikka Massala and Chicken Kurma, which were both delicious! The service was excellent, and we will definitely be returning.
Please read this review carefully. I gave Cumin 4 stars because the experience of ordering went perfectly, the delivery was prompt and friendly, and the food seemed fresh, well prepared, and portions were good.BUT - and this is a big but....This is without a doubt the most flavorless Indian food I have ever eaten in my long life.  It is so bland that I am certain it is deliberately prepared as blandly as possible in order to please very sensitive and elderly palates in this sort of unique and cob-webby neighborhood. This is the sort of food your doctor would prescribe 50 years ago to treat ulcers and such. It bears no relationship whatsoever to the delicious cuisine of the Desi world.Again - I believe this must be deliberate and what the local customers prefer, so I will not give this place a bad rating. But if you are seeking Indian food be aware this is a sort of recreation for the nursing home.
We have been both eating in, and having take out for many years. We have never been disappointed. We especially recommend the vegetable samosa and chicken biryani. An excellent neighborhood restaurant.
The best Indian food!!!! My coworkers and I come here every chance we get. We walk all the way from Kingsbridge area just to eat here. The service is awesome and we are always thrilled with our food. The vegetable danshag and vegetable tandoori are delicious and I could eat them every day!
Been here many times. Fresh Indian food and not skimpy with seafood dishes. Excellent waiter. Madras can be altered to taste. Have ordered du Piazi, madras, Chana shag, and cold cucumber soup. My favorites as they are well prepared.  Tea is weak though. Lassi mango desert excellent.
By Riverdale standards, it's absolutely fine. You just have to know what to order. The portion sizes are large and the samosas, vindaloo, biryani, curry, and korma are all quite good -- the meat is cooked well and the sauces are tasty. Lamb is always tender, which is a plus. Unfortunately the chicken tikka masala is not a standout, so I recommend bypassing that staple for the korma if you want an Indian dish that is mild/creamy. I haven't had many of the veg dishes but the saag paneer is good.
Good food great service. Always attentive, polite and knowledgable. Ive eaten here twice and its been a good experience each time.
Great food + great customer service= SUCCESS! This place is wonderful. My family and I have been dining-in and ordering takeout from here for years. My parents love the owner, he's very friendly and treats everyone who dines at the restaurant with cheerfulness and kindness. The food is great. Very flavorful! I LOVE the Seafood Briyani, my parents love the Gobi Aloo Matar. I enjoy their food so much that I started ordering it with my boyfriend as well. He loves the Chicken Briyani. Their naan bread & puri bread are two appetizers that are loved amongst everyone.Also, for someone who orders out very frequently, I really appreciate that they use durable Tupperware for many of their dishes. (No leaking sauces, etc)
My wife and I have dined here a number of times and have always enjoyed both the meals and the service. Last night we stopped in. My wife had the Chicken Shag and I had Lamb Biryani. They were both delicious. For dessert we had pistachio ice cream that was unlike any I'd had before, and I mean that as a compliment! It was superb! The waitress and other servers were attentive and friendly. I heartily recommend Cumin for Indian food lovers!
Quick update to simply say that Cumin maintains its place as one of my favorite Indian restaurants.  Good food, nice people and great service.
Really nice people and the food is always great. A neighborhood staple in Riverdale.  Hope it stays. I only get delivery though. If you are new to Indian food they will offer suggestions.
i simply LOVE the Chicken Biryani and the spinach naan (absolutely delicious!!!).Service is impecable, everyone is so nice and attentive.absolutely recommend this place
The waiter was incredibly nice and funny. The talkative type could put some off, but I preferred it to the silent treatment. The restaurant had no one else in it, so the attention could have been due to that. I believe this is the best Banana Pakora I've ever had, and I see myself coming back for that easily. The spinach cheese nan and samosa were also amazing. The rest of the food was pretty amazing, with only the chicken tikka nan disappointing (if only because the other nan was so awesome) The flavors aren't as strong here as some other indian restaurants, but I thought the textures were quite amazing. It isn't very traditional tasting, but still good. Each place has their own unique touch and I like this one for that. The thing I didn't like: it smelled of mold. Water mold. It wasn't terrible, but enough to really put me off when I first went in and if I weren't tired and hungry, I would have walked out and never tried it. Minus a star for that. Hopefully it's fixed in the future.
This has to be one of the best restaurants in Riverdale. I have no idea why it doesn't have a higher rating. The food is always delicious and spot-on, the service is attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere is very pleasant. Cumin definitely deserves more credit than its getting. Is it the best Indian in the city? No. But, it's one of the nicer places to go in Riverdale and that counts for a lot.
Worst Indian food ever. I am definitely not bashing this restaurant, but if you are a true Indian and you've eaten real Indain food before this is not a restaurant to eat at. I lived in the neighborhood and this is the only Indian restaurant around. I dig their meat samosas and thats the only thing that tastes anything close to Indian the rest are all not authentically indian at all. Their briyani is baddddddd. Seriously it is rice that looks like briyani but tastes nothing like briyani. I bet that any person that gave 5 star review is not indian or has not eaten real indian food.
Came here with my family after a Yankees game and was welcomed by a very friendly manager named Farhad. He was very accommodating and made sure our table was given plenty of attention. All the dishes we had were great. The chicken biryani was very tasty and the vegetable and lamb samosas were fantastic. For anyone that's expecting extra spicy Indian food, you must request it. They tone down the levels of spiciness to accommodate the neighborhood but they will be more than happy to make your dish the way you want it if you ask for it to be on the spicier side. Give this place a try if you want tasty Indian food!
This is one of two restaurants I really love up here in Riverdale.The sauces and dishes are delicious, made with fresh spices and quality ingredients. The puri and naan  taste scratch baked. We've tried every lamb dish. Always tender. It's good food. The only minus is consistency -- a couple of times, the papadums and samos came overcooked and burnt.
Great restaurant! Habib and his recommendations are awesome! Food is great and love the staff.
Ordered delivery while visiting family.  Excellent selection and food arrived on time and hot still. Beef madras was a little overcooked but still tasty. Wow that onion chutney was hot.  I really liked how they included chutneys and papadums in the order.  Would definitely order from them again.
I ordered my usual chicken tikka malsala with garlic nan. when you order it comes with chopped pineapples and two boxes of rice. The chicken tikka malsala(aka butter chicken) is milder from the ones I've tried I the past but it does keeps your taste buds intrigued enough for you to keep going to take more bites. The garlic nan is absolutely good! It's cooked evenly and it is soft, they do a good job preparing nan. Overall this place is a descent place if your looking for the cheapest Indian food.
Got their Lamb Korma. It was one of the worst meals I have ever tasted. When I complained to send it back I was told "That is just the way we make our Korma". They did however take it off the bill. You can find better indian food in the freezer section at Trader Joe's.
Service is gracious. Delivery, fast. Best of all, the food is excellent--traditional and hearty. If you're eating Indian food, you should order more traditional fare, such as the biryanis and the tandooris, that's where you'll taste the real, traditional flavors. My vegetable biryani was so full of every type of good and fresh, definitely not frozen, vegetable. Golden raisins added sweetness, slivered almonds added a bit of crunch, and coconut added richness. Thoughtful preparation and excellent quality.
OK here's the good then the...- Food is good (really like the Chicken Tikka Biryani, Coconut/Raisin Naan and   Muglai Paratha)- Prices are decent (under $15 for a dinner plate~ big portions)-Wait staff are extremely knowlegeable and friendlydownside...-caters to the population~ meaning not very spicy-you don't get that indian 'feeling' that you do in more traditional placesIt's always clean, fresh and the food does taste good. Would recommend but not for someone looking for authentic Indian cuisine.
It's been 7 years since my first review of Cumin. On one hand, I wish that Riverdale had a better selection of indian restaurants. On the other hand, I'm very glad that Cumin up'ed their game since 2007. Back then we stopped ordering because the food was a let down. However, the food since my last review is much better. On par with many Manhattan restaurants I've been to. I've tried many of the tandoori and curry dishes (madras/vindaloo/curry/dopiaza/jalfreze/bhazi) and everything I've tried was excellent. I've only ordered for delivery, and the service was prompt and every order was right. I intend to have Cumin in my regular rotation of go-to places when we're not cooking at home.
If you hanker for food without flavor, you have found your home base. Ordered for two and both our meals were awful and tasteless. I cannot fathom what induces some Yelpers to give more than 2 stars here. Don't they see that people eat here because it is the sole Indian restaurant in town? Like a homely guy at a family party- you decide to dance with him because he is the only dude in the room not related to you.
When Cumin first opened up years ago Riverdalians were thrilled that we finally had an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood and didn't have to travel to India Row in Manhattan.   I have been here several times and have never been wowed but, have always said "for Riverdale it's ok, what do you expect?"  Tonight however, not only was I not "wowed", I am under impressed.I ordered for delivery the following: Shaina (Lentil and Spinach fritters), Samosa (1 meat & 1 veggie), the Tandoori Chicken Wings, and the Chana Shag Ponir (Chicken Peas, Spinach & Cheese).  I figured 1/2 tonight, 1/2 during the week, seemed like a plan.Shaina - Or should I call them hockey pucks?  These were obviously cooked hours ago (and I doubt they were made today).  They arrived barely heated through.  If anything, they threw them into the oven for 5 minutes and they arrived dry as a bone and tasteless.Samosas - 1 meat, 1 veggie.  Small, barely warm and again, tasted as though they had been fried hours ago then tossed into a microwave or an oven to reheat for a few minutes.  The dough was not crispy and the fillings were tasteless.Tandoori Wings  - Favorable but very greasy.  I was glad they weren't as dry as a bone but the grease made them less appetizing.  Chana Shag Ponir - Nothing great, but nothing terrible.  Just kind of "ok".I had the best Indian food I've ever tasted in New Paltz yesterday but, since it's a bit far to drive and they certainly won't deliver...LOL, I will have to curtail my cravings for Indian food until I'm able to get into Manhattan since I won't be ordering or dining at Cumin any time in the near future.
Gandhi would roll  over in his grave if you served him this food!Being the only Indian restaurant in Riverdale. I have eaten here several times, but the last time was it.What was wrong you ask?The chicken tikka masala was dry and chew like it came hot out of the microwave. The mixed vegetable bhazi was completely flavorless. The rice, I would rather eat Uncle Ben's. If anyone with the knowledge reads this, bring good Indian to Riverdale
Cool quiet place - I will recommended it for an after work quick dinner.  Great food and plenty attention from the waiters.... Wine or beer - OK - not really a drinks place!!! always clean and always street parking available what else can you ask for, prices aren't so bad.
LOVEEEEE Cumin! Sadly my sister moved so I don't get to eat it anymore. I do think they are better for takeout, at least for me. When I order takeout and say spicy it is actually spicy. I once ordered in house and was then presented with a less than spicy dish : (
They are now an A and I've eaten here about 5 more times. Yummy and I am glad they got their stuff together. I needed Indian food in my life and this place satisfies it every time.
The worst experience I've ever had at an Inidian restaurant. The food was disgusting and the service was below par. My dish was supposed to be a hot and it came out cold in some parts. I told the waiter about it and he didn't try to solve the situation or accommodate me so I asked to speak to the manager. And when I communicated the situation to him (the manager), all he said to me was "I'm sorry". How can you just say I'm sorry to a customer and that's it? At least be courteous and say that it will get fixed. I'm paying for my meal and service.  It's not that it was free and even then.
The samosas were hot and flavorful, and we received a very large portion of Saag Paneer with lamb. The lamb was well cooked, not dry at all. We ordered garlic naan which I found a bit intense. It feels like the garlic is raw, not baked or sautéed. But the bread itself was quite good.Excellent, fast delivery. My only complaint was that the condiments and the daal were so watery. Particularly the daal had no texture or oomph to it.But I would definitely order again. Not a world-class experience but a decent neighborhood restaurant.
Food was good and price was right. The hours of operation are just kind of crazy. They dont open until 12, so you have to wait in order to get food for lunch
I get take out from here and I LOVE it. Utterly yummy comfort food.The Onion and garlic naans are totally delicious and arrive piping hot and buttery. The vegetable samosas are also completely yum - The pastry is perfect. I have had the vegetable curry which is not exciting I know, but just what I fancy. It comes with rice and a large selection of dips. Must not forget the mango chutney (which I sometimes order, and sometimes buy a jar from the store and keep in my fridge).And there will be leftovers to heat for lunch the next day!If you have had a long day and fancy a treat to fill up a very hungry tummy,  try this place. Making my mouth water just thinking about it.
Very Good! Nice help staff. There is a vegetarian menu. Need I say more? It's very difficult to find flavorful vegetarian food around the bronx with healthy options. I had the Chana Shag Paneer and it was delicious, and enough food to leave me with leftovers for dinner later!
Staff was nice. Boyfriends food really good but my chicken tikki masala was bland and not spicy. :/ it's ok though. Still nice experience
Cumin has certainly upped their game in the past year or so. I tried them a couple of times several years ago and I wasn't impressed. However in the last year I've ordered takeout on occasion and have enjoyed the food. Service is impeccable, polite and efficient. Samosas are tasty as are the rice dishes. Overall a good solid restaurant in an area that is in desperate need of such!
As the ONLY Indian place in Riverdale, this place has its work cut out for it!  I've been eating here for years and I'm always pretty happy.  The owner and wait staff are always really attentive, genuinely friendly, and make you feel welcomed.  The restaurant is clean, and I like the subtle background sitar music...call me cheesy but its adds a lil' summin' to the experience.The food here is solid, by my standards.  A lot of people seem to comment that its bland, but I feel like they always ask if you'd like your spiciness altered.  Also, lets be honest, they are catering to many  patrons who are white people over 60 (a strong demographic in South Riverdale!!!) with a VERY different idea of what 'spicy' is.  If they don't ask, you should feel free to request that your dish be made a bit more fiery.  They are so nice here and will try to honor any request.I like it here.  I'll happily eat here and request a spicier dish, rather than hop on the train down to Curry Row because its "bland" - and while I'm enjoying my reasonably-priced after-dinner Kingfisher, the naysayers will have not even arrived on 6th St!
One of my favorites!! Veg Danshag, hot fresh Nan breads yummmmm!!! Great service and delivery too.
One of the worst experiences going to probably the only Indian restaurant in Riverdale Bronx NY. I took a guest for a dinner along with my family. The chef uses lots of "food color" in the Paneer tikka curry. We asked for 7/10 spicy for the curry and it was not spicy at all. Instead the dal tadka was spicy which we did not ask for. The waiter argues with you when informing him the curry is not up to the order. Most of all it is NOT A PLACE for TRADITIONAL Indian food. They have modified their recipes to the mildest spices and resort to food colors for the visual appeal of the food. Service was also delayed. I will NOT GO AGAIN ever. It was embarrassing to take family and the guest there.
My wife and two daughters enjoy the food and the service at this restaurant. This past  Christmas' eve after the 4:00 service at our church we decided to come here. Once again the food was good! We both had the specials of the day, "The Chicken Bombay and the Shrimp Tandoori". My daughters who are vegetarians always find a lot of choices here . Of course every indian meal needs appetizers like Samosas and Banana Pakoras. the service and ambience are great. Good restaurant.
I was desperately craving Indian food so I decided to order for delivery. The delivery minimum was $20 which meant I had to order a crazy amount of food for 1 person. I did it anyway and once the food came I regretted it. It was terribly bland and nothing tasted good. I get that some Indian restaurants make food a bit blander to appeal to Americans. But this food was BLAND! It all felt watered down. It's safe to say I won't order from here again. Riverdale please bring us some decent Indian food!!
It has been about a year since we went here, but due to the great reviews I feel compelled to say my piece.  We really didn't care for the food here.  It just seemed bland and nothing unique or flavorful about it. The service was pretty attentive, and the ambiance is good... but the food really didn't impress me at all. I got chicken tikka masala and thought it was sub-par.  My fiance was so unimpressed, he adamantly refuses to eat here again whenever I broach the subject.  The only reason I even broach the subject is because it is, sadly, the ONLY Indian place in Riverdale!  It kills me.  We used to order delivery from a place called Tandoori Night on 231st St, which was pretty good food, although they managed to mess up something in the order every time. But now that place is closed and Cumin is the only option. I don' t know why the reviews are so good, except maybe it stands out since it has zero competition.... Calling all Indians in Riverdale or vicinity: Please open a good Indian restaurant and you will have regular business from us!
The staff is pleasant and the food was good but I must say that I have had better.
We are new to RIverdale and I was very happy when we saw and Indian restaurant here. What's even better is that it's great. We have gotten take-out 3 times. Everyone who I have spoken with over the phone and delivered the food has been extremely polite and helpful. The food is delicious and always hot. One of the best places here in Riverdale.
Completely inedible. The chicken tikka was old and tough. The saag paneer was bland and heated many times over before reaching us. Even the dahl was watery and tasteless. Come on, riverdale. We can demand better.
While the food is decent, it's nothing memorable.  I feel this place could take it up a notch, but since there aren't many Indian restaurants in Riverdale, Cumin has little motivation to truly excel.I typically order the vegetarian dinner for two which includes apps (samosa and piazi), mulligatawny, two entrees, nan, chutneys, and dessert.  I've tried quite a few of the vegetarian entrees, and found them somewhat lacking in terms of the punch I expect with Indian food.  Maybe Cumin is dialing down the spice to accommodate the taste of the neighborhood, but I like my Indian food spicy.  The apps, soup, and bread are good, but sometimes come out too quickly, which gives me the impression they are not cooked to order.The service here is very strange.  The gentleman who runs the establishment is friendly to the point of being overbearing.  He is always on patrol, and stops at your table too frequently to check in.  While he has the best intentions, it gets a little annoying when I'm trying to enjoy my food and company.  He can also be pushy when you're ordering, always suggesting dishes other than the one I order -- I don't really understand this inclination.  The other employees are friendly without being overbearing.Prices are reasonable for the neighborhood (but perhaps a little high for the overall quality of the food).
the food was fairly good but the best part was the reasonable prices and fast delivery. the portion sizes were also very good and they send plenty of sauces. also for those diet sensitive another big plus was they had whole wheat non that was very good. they have a lot of regular non options too.
Their food has a good subtle taste. You can deffinately taste the indian authenticity, but the dishes are not bursting with flavor. Whenever I eat indian food I like the flavors to tingle my taste buds; their dishes did not do that. The service however, is great. I would have to admit that the service is better then their food. The wait staff are very friendly and welcoming. The lighting is kind of dim, I enjoy intimate settings, but I had trouble seeing exactly what I was eating, and I like to see what I eat. Overall I rate the restaurant 2 stars. Will I go there again? Probably not, I am in search for the best indian cuisine around the city, I will let you know when I find it!
Very GOOD FOOD at extremely fair prices.The only weird thing is, I never smell actual food cooking, even if I sit near the kitchen.But the food always tastes fresh, so no complaints.The funny little waiter guy is amusing.
Great tikka masala and veggie dishes. Samosas and pakora super tasty. Very knowledgable owner. Go- to Indian place in Riverdale.
The food is actually VERY good.  I really like spicy... and the dishes that are supposed to be spicy definitely are that - but aside from spice, they're flavorful.  Granted, it's the only place for Indian food around, but the food here does compare favorably to most of the Manhattan Indian food I've had over the years.Is this place a "scene" or a hangout, no.  But Cumin is pleasant and the people are extremely friendly and attentive and they have beer (and wine.)  While we've had the food delivered several times, I think it's much better on-site.
RIVER DALE BRONX... wow this place is really GOOD! First, the service is ON POINT! the staff was friendly when we walked in and our waiter was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about the dishes, very very inspired to give suggestions and why he would suggest what he did. They gave us a scale of "how Spicy you want it", we chose 8 and its was pleasantly spicy, not over powering. The dishes we selected were very very good. and tasted like they used real ingredients and authentic spices (not Mrs. dash..lol) Its clean and in a nice neighborhood. worth the trip and definitely a "go to" place ~ We've traveled to India twice, north and south, so in comparison to the food actually authentic India, I can say they were damn close to the quality of it :) I had to think twice about it :) I will be there again!
Fellow Yelpers- you led me astray on this one. Beyond bland. Some of the worst Indian food I have ever had. If you love authentic Indian food - don't order from here.
The people that work there are exceptionally nice and are all about customer service. 5 stars for that. Delivery is speedy. The food is really good, i would go back again for sure.
We went here because as everyone else has already mentioned, its the only Indian place in Riverdale. The service was excellent, but the food yes, it was bland. And the wine selection non-existent. The only reason it's getting 3 stars is because the service was good, but probably because the place was empty; which was another thing. It was girls night and we're not a quiet bunch so we thought we were bothering the only other table there because it was so damn quiet. Not to mention the lack of privacy. The man at the door was laughing at some of the things we were talking about from across the room....some of it very private....talk about awkward.
Expensive, subpar food. It's the only place in town, so they get away with it. Had two very disappointing meals on two separate occasions.
Went here with my husband about 2 wks ago.  What can I say only that it was horrible horrible horrible. Food was bland.  My Veg Soup should have been called Lemon Soup... ugh & I could only manage about 2 mouthfuls of my Paneer entree.  My husbands food was no better.  Save your money & skip this place....the frozen Indian Entrees from Trader Joes taste 10 times better & are much cheaper than this place.
I our waiter that I found this restaurant on Yelp and that I would right a positive review and I am.  He said he is called "Habib" which I doubt is his name but not knowing what I would write, I understand.  He was very personable, charismatic, knowledgeable, with a bit of an edge.  The food was delicious and the prices were reasonable.  Having gone to India twice, I wished that I could have payed in rupees.  If you are going by public transportation you can take the 1 train to 231st  BX7 bus to the first stop off the steep hill on Riverdale avenue.
Ok ok, it wasnt spectacular but by no  means was it as horrible as people have said.  on a scale from 1 to 10 it was probably a 6.  It was however tasty and spicy just the way I requested it. For the only Indian restaurant that delivers in the north Bronx I think it was just what the doctor ordered to satisfy my craving on my lunch hour.  The driver even went out of his way for delivery.
First visit here. Had the Shrimp Biryani, then had the mushroom shag. The servers were very nice. The Biryani was just ok, but the Mushroom Shag was yummy.
Solid, not the best oh my god food but solid. Attentive and great service as well. They will deliver to me! Cauliflower pakora Veggie Samosa Lamb dish Spinach, potatoes, mushroom dish Lamb something. I think I've honestly blocked the dish out of my mind because I usually can't eat lamb. I think "baaaa" and I put my fork down. So its a far stretch of the imagination that I ordered a meal consisting of, lamb. I was feeling adventurous. The lamb was tender, not super gamey and had a nice mild sauce to go with it. I asked for seconds. I'd probably go there again. but pppssstttt: it's not very "Indian" inside. Its very modern. FYI. ;)
Excellent service and very tasty and authentic Indian food! Can't wait to eat there again
I'm so happy to have this wonderful place within walking distance of my home!  My hubby and I love Indian food (we normally eat it at least once a week), so we're regulars here.  Warning - the wine list is non existent here!  They only have a selection of 2 or 3 pretty bad house wines that are not worth the money.  They do, however, let you bring your own bottle of wine if you want.  Plus, they have a good selection of Indian beers.The food is solidly good, but not fantastic.  It's not as flavorful or spicy as most of the other Indian restaurants that we frequent, but it's reliable.  The prices are VERY reasonable to say the least.The owners are so wonderful!  They always greet us with a smile and the service here is great.  I can't imagine what I would do without this great little place so conveniently located near home!
been there handful of times.  food is great.  I get the vegetable biryani a lot and its delish. there appetizers are really good too.  good prices also.  beer selection, eh not so good and poor wine selection, so i mostly just drink water and indulge on the food.  wait staff is nice and friendly.  you should check it out.  i think its the best indian food in riverdale.
Totally yummy and graciously served Indian food in the Riverdale section of the Bronx.  The restaurant is small and located amidst a cute strip of other restaurants and stores on Johnson Avenue.  Every time I am visiting the family in NYC we always take at least one trip to Cumin.  Okay, so the restaurant is pretty close to where my grandma lives, but convenience is not the only thing that brings us here.

All varieties of lamb I have encountered at Cumin are absolutely succulent.  My favorite as of my most recent dining experience is  the lamb rogan juice comprised of the leanest most tender lamb cubes marinated in herby goodness and sauteed with green peppers and onions in lemon and lime juices.  And all tables receive complimentary dal and steamed cabbage.  They'll even bring out more if you ask nicely.  And people, if you are a nut person, the pistachio kulfi ice cream ain't no joke.

Cumin has the complete package, flavor popping goodness and accommodating service with a smile.

P.S. The coconut puri is amazing and decadent.  Check it out on the appetizer menu.  This fried puffed bread is stuffed with mounds of coconut.  I think there must be some sugar and maybe a hint of cinnamon thrown into the mix for good measure.  Most definitely guaranteed to take you to a special place.  It kind of reminded me of a Churro, only way fresher and with coconut.  Absolutely insane.
This place is definitely one of the better Indian/Pakistani restaurants in NY metropolitan area (disclaimer: I haven't ventured out to try Flushing area's Indian food).Their service is friendly, although they were trying to recommend me what to get a little too eagerly. I think that because a lot of people who come to this place haven't tried Indian/Pakistani food (this is in Riverdale, folks). When they figured that I knew what I was getting into, they didn't try to recommend me much. Their dinner entrees are above $10, but don't fret because their portions are very generous. This is coming from a guy who once used to eat 10 slices of largest Costco pizza.For food alone I'd give them three and half stars - it's good, but not amazingly good. For their excellent (maybe too eager to help) service I give them extra half stars.If you're ever in the mood for some curry, nan, tikka marsala, vindaloo, etc and happen to be around or live in Riverdale, this is the place to go.Oh, and personally you should just stay with non-seafood items, just because Indian cuisine doesn't rely heavily on seafood. If you want a more authentic experience, that is.
I was with a party of 4, and I'm not a big fan of Indian food but I liked it. My fellow diners, more adventurous eaters, thought it was fine but would have wanted more heat and spice. Our waiter was a funny-weird, muttering, little man who assumed we didn't know what we should order but all 4 of us are international travellers, one having been to India 14+ times. The decor is dated and a bit run-down. Priced right.
I really love this place. It's the best Indian I've had in the Bronx, and some of the best in the city. I'm not a fan of the super spicey, so I can't comment on that. But the food is always good, the portions are great, and they give you lots of little sauces to dip. The staff is really helfpul if you're not an Indian food expert - they've recommended some of my new favorite dishes over the past two years. And the alu paratha, oh my! I have made a trip out here on a few occasions, even though I don't live in this part of the Bronx anymore!
Just ordered from here again...hoping...hoping...hoping for FLAVOR this time. Low expectations but it's been awhile...I guess I've come to grips that when having that Indian craving and can't get away from Riverdale...bland, but textured Indian food is better than no indian food. May I not regret it. Oh, last time I did this I ordered it spicy in an attempt to make it taste better...but same old bland Indian food, just hot as heck. Keeping my fingers crossed....
I ordered from here and the food was amazing. i had the veggie malai and it was delicious. i grew up in jackson heights and have tried many indian restaurants and this one, so far, is great. they gave me A LOT of food which I polished off the following day. the malai was sweet and creamy, lots of veggies. they game me A LOT of rice which was perfect. i was not expecting the cabbage, sauces, etc because most restaurants don't think the rest of us know any better. but i'm glad they sent those. delish. i had the firni which was custard-y and perfect. i want to try other dishes but what i got was great. oh and very professional on the phone.
The best part about this place is that the owner and waitstaff are SO nice. The naan and tikka masala sauce are very good. Some of the other dishes are not up to par with what I've had in some other Indian restaurants, but it's a good dining experience and worth a visit for sure.
I absolutely love this place... It was my favorite restaurant when I lived in Riverdale. Their waiter has to be one of the kindest gentlemen there is and I always listen to his suggestions when I'm in the mood to try something other than my usual Spicy Mixed Tikka Masala.
Decent, solid Indian food with very friendly staff. Their takeout includes generous helpings of free sauces, soup, and a cabbage dish.  I've had tastier Indian food elsewhere but this is one of the better restaurants in Riverdale. The prices are reasonable. We like it well enough to have made it one of our takeout staples.
Good food. I've been to many Indian restaurants and this place has good food. Not the best, but pretty good. Service is good and I love to get a Large Taj with my order. I've tried mostly everything on the menu and it's good!
Delicious!  The waiter recommended our items (salmon curry and mixed seafood maranga) and all the entrees were yummy.  The only sore point was that the veggie samosa was terrible.  The first batch was undercooked.  The second batch was cooked but didn't taste very good.  Luckily, the meal was so good that it made up for the bad appetizer! Next time, I'll simply skip the app!  Waiter was pretty chatty, but very nice so we didn't mind (esp when we tasted his recommendations).
eah - the waiter was pushy to try menu items and the food did not have any flavor.
Great, cozy, neighborhood restaurant.  The manager, wife  and staff are very friendly, and the food is consistently good.  This place is a real gem in Riverdale. This is one of the places we've always enjoyed going to eat for the food.
To be honest, I have had better Indian food, but this is pretty good (if you want the best Indian food in the city, try Spicy Mina's in Queens). I have had their banana pakora, nan, samosas, and chicken tikka masala. All very good. I have also tried several of lamb dishes, which I also enjoyed. The service is very friendly. They also have delivery.
I agree with other comments about it being blander than other Indian places, but  that's what the condiments are for.  :)  I enjoy the food and find the service to be excellent - friendly and fast, and it's a nice laid back no-rush atmosphere.  I'm grateful to have this place in the hood....
I am grateful to have an Indian place in the area, but the food is average. I think they make the flavors a bit subdued to please a larger audience. Everyone is friendly, but if you are looking for more authentic food I would head into the city or westchester.
Cumin was the first indian restaurant I ever tried, because I have lived in riverdale forever, but Cumin is also what made me fall in love with indian food, and it's a  great place. I've been to some horrible Indian restaurants around the city and this one has always been good. I love the atmosphere as well ; they have sitar music playing and it's really very nice.
