stopped in while visiting NYC for work. I'm not new to Indian food but it was suggested I try the lamb kebab, since I don't normally eat that. it was an excellent suggestion, perfectly cooked, wonderfully seasoned, very tender, and everything was served with care. I heard other patrons making particular requests from the small kitchen and everything was obliged happily. This is the place I will return to again and again!
Best lamb biryani in NYC.  Could be a bit spicier, but reminded me of my moms biryani.  Super tender lamb and lots of meat.  Quantity is huge.  I could eat in 2Large sittings .
Service is very nice. Yasin is really helpful ! Really good taste of the lunch lamb special ! Truly worth the price !
The meal I had here was pretty good. The mulligatawny soup had peas and carrots cooked to the right consistency. The garlic naan might have been a little bland but the garlicky flavor still came through. The only thing that didn't turn out so well was my entree. I had asked for Curry Chicken because I am allergic to milk and it was dairy-free. Without informing me they switched my order to Chicken Tikka Masala, which is made with milk. Not being familiar with Indian food I thought it was just an odd version of Chicken Curry. But afterwards I noticed on the bill it was not the curry I had ordered. My waiter informed me that because it was spicy (and I had asked for something mild) that he took the liberty of ordering the masala for me instead of the curry. That was not a smart thing to do. Dairy gives me asthma attacks. Now I am going to be on my inhaler all night hoping I don't have an attack serious enough to go to the emergency room!I left a tip only because he was trying hard to make sure I enjoyed the meal and gave me a free samosa that was pretty tasty. But every waiter should know that you should NEVER change your customer's order without informing them first and asking if they have any particular food allergies!The creepy staring from behind the counter didn't add to the feeling of ease dining there. And bringing bottled water and charging me $1.50 instead of offering filtered tap water like most resturants is just trying to nickel and dime your customers. Will not be coming back.
Love this place and their chicken tikka Marsala with garlic naan! They are the best around town! A bit pricey but it worth the extra dollar ! The owner of great and very nice !  I always come here !
I can't recommend the lamb Bihari roll enough! I discovered this place a week ago and I've already ordered thrice and visited once. I've also tried their seekh kababs and tandoori chicken, both of which are okay. According to the guy who served us, the lamb Bihari kabab is their speciality, along with the lamb Bihari roll and the chicken achari roll. The perfect spot for a quick Indian fix that tastes authentic!
Very good. Looks like my other review was posted without rating. Nice place. Mango lassi, samosa, lamb bihari are really good.
Probably one of the best Indian food I have had in NYC. The guy who was serving us was extremely gracious and nice.! Definitely going to come here again.!
Food was unflavored and cold . Took 2 hours to deliver food.  Odd thing is when I followed up with my delivery, it would seem like it was not the restaurant but a personal# calling me back. Asked me to changed my feedback, not to use delivery.com instead use AMAZON? which is odd, take back my compliant to delivery.com before they can deliver my food. Said the delivery person had been lost... for 2 hours and no phone call, until i complain?  This is a total lie!  I feel like it could just be a person APT making the food and the restaurant a ghost.  Will not order from here again.
Yasin the chicken samosa and lamb biryani it's very good ~
Excelent food. One of the best Indian places I've ever eaten!!! The samosas were amazing and the curry chicken was fantastic.
First time ordering here. AMAZING! Food is fresh and full of flavor. I had the lamb vindaloo lunch special and was great. The portion is definitely worth the $12. Customer service was excellent and very courteous. When I am in the area again I wouldn't hesitate to order here again.
Lamb Bihari roll: A+. The paratha alone is worth the cost of the dish. Achari chicken tikka also good on follow-up visit. Seekh kebab: OK.Talked to the owner, who was personable and accommodating.
So I was walking over 20 miles in Manhattan to work up an appetite.  As I was exiting Little Italy, this place caught my eye.  I initially came in for some hot tea, but ended up eating like a king for $20.   I ordered the Achari chicken Tikka along with butter chicken red sauce and garlic naan.  Chicken on point, naan was finger licking good.  So flaky and cooked to perfection.   Definitely recommend a try at this place.  It will sure surprise your taste buds.   Oh yea and they deliver
I ordered through Eat24 for 7pm pickup today and called around 5:30pm to change to delivery instead. They arrived on time and the food was excellent, same quality as we had before. Definitely going back to kebab Bites since it's not far from us, thank you guys!
Extremely small restaurant, but I always order take out. The food is delicious albeit mild, but I prefer it that way. The lunch specials are a great deal and can last two meals. Lunch specials come with a small serving of meat, vegetable dish of the day, rice, beans and naan. My favorites are the saag paneer and the chicken tikka masala. The chicken tikka masala kati roll is also delicious.
I have went back here to get their lunch specials, it was better than expected you get a good portion plus naan! Have went back twice!
This place has super delicious lamb kabobs, and a salmon curry dish that was slightly on the bland side (but spicy). We got delivery so I don't know what the restaurant is actually like, but I'd recommend their meat dishes for sure.
A great delivery spot in the neighborhood. I usually order some kind of curry with naan (and the curry comes with rice). Everything is always hot and fresh when it gets to me, which is usually within 30 minutes. I order my dishes on the spicy side and they always come in with nice heat. This has become my go-to Indian delivery spot.
I never actually been to the location but I had food delivered many times. I've tried a lot of their chicken dishes and they are all good. I had one incident where I got bad food, but other then that its been ok. They never seem to have Mulligatawny Soup. I always got a call that they don't have it and usually replace it with either jali kabanb (Which i recommend as an app) or with Rasmalai (my favorite dessert) I have also tried their rolls, and I have to say that their Chicken Tikka Roll is great
Came to eat here about 5-6 days ago and got food poisoning. My sister and I where just looking for some Indian restaurant to eat at, and the man even offered a free appetizer little did I know I would be sick for three days after. All I gotta say is thanks for ruining my first trip to NYC
I ordered the Dal Makhani, and when my food arrived it was a completely different order. I called, and the owner said "Oh we were out of that, so we replaced it with something else you might like." ----Ummm...no. Who does that? You call them and ask what else they might like? I actually ordered from them again to give them another chance ---SAME THING HAPPENED. Will never order from them again!!!
My favorite budget Indian food in the city. The flavors here are bold and authentic, much more than other places that pander to our love of chicken tikka masala.The flavors are authentic, and so is the decor and service to match-so temper your expectations. It feels like it's run by a group of friends with some magical cook-friend manning the tandoor in the rear.The inside of the restaurant is dingy, reminiscent of what you'd find on the streets of New Delhi; but have a bite of the saag paneer with naan and you won't mind one bit.
This is a great Indian restaurant for Indian food under $10.  They offer lunch specials and a wide variety of options ranging from kati rolls to northern indian entrees such as saag paneer.Service is average to slow.  It's fine to dine in but the decor and atmosphere is nothing special.  Nothing fancy and nothing specially awful.I find their lunch combo boxes to be the best value.  It's a ton and variety of food for a reasonable price.Their food is also well spiced.
This is the best place you can have the samosa and any desi curry/lentil which makes you come back over and over.
This place is SO good it compelled me to start a Yelp account to spread the word. Do not be fooled by it's hole-in-the-wall appearance - this place has some of the most flavorful Indian and Bengali dishes I've ever tasted. The basmati rice is PERFECT, the yellow lentils are great and Goa Shrimp is incredible. Make sure you get naan as well to not waste any of the delicious sauces or stews. And the pricing is below average for the neighborhood. Try it, trust me!
Brought a Groupon and hoped to used it. The merchant did not honor the voucher, and pretended not speaking English. Moreover, they demanded cash. Will not do business with these liars. AND BTW NYC health inspection is C. thumbs down.
Don't let the the small amount of reviews scare you off here. Hands down excellent food and service. Small clean andVery friendly. The food is the highlight had the basil chicken and the chicken tandoori amazing flavor and the chutney was to die for.
Tonight I had the salmon kati roll (spicy) and it was absolutely delicious and affordable! I cannot wait to try more dishes from this restaurant!
Tried the Saffron Malai Chicken Kati Roll.  It was delish!  The cashier explained it is a 24-hr marinated tender chicken.  The chicken was rolled with cooked onions to perfection.  Their hot sauce was also on point.  I would definitely stop by for a bite again.
The food is so inconsistent here. My last order has turned out to be my last order here. Samosas were not drained after frying and filled with oil which soaked the brown paper bag and everything outside it. They never give me the white sauce I request for the samosa! The chicken tikka masala in the tikka roll was bland and the chicken so overcooked it was mealy.
I ordered the Goan Fish Curry , which should have salmon in it. When I opened the food back home, it had some kind of white fish in there that tasted like sand. Really disappointing...I ordered the lunch special (chicken special) with them a week earlier, which was good, so was unhappily surprised  Bad advertisement for them.
I ordered delivery from here 9/23/2015. The food wasn't bad, but it was rather bland. The horrible conclusion was biting into my naan to end up biting into a STAPLE. There was a staple baked into my naan. That is unacceptable. It is both unsanitary and hazardous. I cannot believe I experienced that.
New York City. Very good and authentic Indian food.  Freshly made and good quantities.  A hidden gem.  Great value for money too!
Me and my best friend walked by we needed good food fast and made a quick decision to go in. We both love indian and just went with it. Now this place is the reason why I am so glad I am born and raised in NYC.... hole in the wall places are hidden treasures!  The place is very small one waiter but great great authentic indian food. We had the garlic nann a must have so good. Service was amazing price was great. It is sit down with table linen table but nothing special. I will definitely be returning they have a great lunch special!
I order in on seamless when I work from home and the food is amazing and the lunch specials are really cheap!
Food was nice but it took forever for us to be served our drinks and food even though noone was there.
Great new Indian in the Chinatown/Nolita area. So far I've had the chicken karahi, rogan josh, bhindi (okra) masala, chickpeas masala, garlic naan - all very good, and on par with (if not better than) Malai Marke, my usual go-to Indian.Really happy to see this place open as the area had been lacking a good Indian food option. Don't confuse this with the old takeout joint that used to occupy this space. The food is superb. As for the space itself, it's a bit small and somewhat sparsely decorated - I picked up my food to eat at home. I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.
Just had takeout from here, so this review doesn't apply to dining in. Either way, ordered the Lamb Saag and it was freggin' deeeeelicious. Nice sized portion, extremely flavorful. I will be back to try more soon. So excited to have some bomb Indian food in the area. Bravo Kabab Bites, bravo.
I am a fan although this place needs a lot of work. If ordering delivery, be prepared to wait an hour or more. It's usually a hit or miss depending on the wait time. I like chicken tikka kati roll although it came a bit cold the last time i ordered it it's pretty big and will fill you up. The vegetable samosa was crispy and still hot when i got it surprisingly. Not a fan of the kheer it's too sugar(y). The the chicken biryani was good - could use a little more spice in my opinion and they need to start giving a yogurt or raita with it. So good food but delivery service needs a lot of work!!
I am very picky when it comes to indian food. this.place change owners and is now.one.of the only places I eat at.for lunch. practically.everyone.fro….jib is obsessed as well. It's prices.for.the area are awesome and the food.is.o my god so good. Haven't found anything on the menu that I didn't like.
Great food and pretty good serving size. A little more on the expensive side (for a student at least) but worth it. I'd try the Matar Paneer and the Chicken Tikka Roll.
Amazing food! I wanted to order from a new place instead of the usual East village restaurants and I was really glad I stumbled upon Kabab Bite.Ordered the tandoori chicken -- no kidding, it is one of the best tandoori chickens you'll ever have -- and also got the chicken roll, which was yummy as well.The only issue was that the delivery took a long time. I hope it's not a chronic problem and I understand it was snowing etc. Really hope this place does well and maintains the quality!
I ordered the chicken tikka masala and a samosa as well as an indian tea. The delivery estimate was the standard 30-40 minutes. After waiting for an hour and twenty minutes I called the store to ask if they had delivered my order, the man on the phone told me he would be here in 5 minutes and promptly hung up. After another twenty minutes my delivery finally arrived but my order was super cold. The food seemed decent enough but it was hard to tell because of how cold it was. Terrible service.
Best chicken biriyani in Lower Manhattan. Must try!
Have been getting Seamless deliver from them on a regular basis at this point. The chicken tikka rolls are awesome and a family favorite. Most of the other items have also been great.
great service, friendly staff, amazing food, cheap and quality indian. will definitely return! so yummy!!!!!
It's a place that takes reservations but doesn't have a bathroom. Awful. Avoid at all costs.
I had the Chicken Tikka Masala (to go). It was pretty good. Certainly better than the previous restaurant occupying this location, though these prices are higher. Really nice staff, and they even added a dessert to my order on the house. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the mood for Indian food. It's a small place, but if they added a bit more to the walls, maybe some art, to warm up the decor , might consider dining in some time as well.
