This little hole in the wall is dank. Super cheap and super tasty. They food won't be winning any beauty pageants or anything (in fact, sometimes the food looks like cafeteria slop), but it is freaking amazing. On top of that, they have unexpectedly good service for a tiny shop like this. The 2 guys behind the counter are nice and helpful. Will be returning often! Portion sizes are amazing and yes, they take credit cards.
Delicious, authentic, vegan/vegetarian Punjabi-style Indian food that reminds me of a Punjabi "dhaba," which is a streetside cafe that serves hot, freshly cooked food. Standing room only, and it's cramped to be honest, but at a price that is unbeatable in Manhattan. For $10 (yes Ten dollars), two of us ate family style. We got a vegetarian platter - 3 entrees with rice and a roti plus additional sides - and split a samosa and masala chai.
After just arriving in New York City we were starving and needed a quick close place to eat in Chelsea. I was attracted to the current 4.5 star review.  People are so picky these days it is impressive to have such high reviews. We ate it so fast I can barely remember how it tasted but it was good and cheap for a quick lunch. Two choices of sides with rice for at the time $7. I think it looks like they just changed it to $8 though. Still a pretty good deal to get lunch for under $10. It's a vegan restaurant which is fine with me as Indian sauces are always so flavorful. Nothing fancy at all on a styrofoam plate and plastic forks.  I don't remember many seats so obviously take it to go and find a bench like we did. It's a good option in an expensive area to satisfy your Indian food cravings!
Just go. Order the platter to go. Choose absolutely anything. Pay $7. Enjoy.As other reviewers noted, it is not the best, but it is all at least vegetarian if not vegan, filling, delicious and cheap!
Great for vegetarians, cheap, big portions, lots of choices, 24/7, takes card. Operates somewhat as a cab stop but that doesn't deter the quality. A bare bones Indian spot. It's my go-to for a 3AM meal - a much better alternative to sandwich delis.
**Vegetarian options ONLY**  **CASH ONLY**This place has long been my favorite "secret" hole in the wall for a couple years now and is long due for review.  It's a bit out of the way for me, but when I'm in the area, this is what I crave.  After having this last night, I remembered I still needed to write a review!Don't let the facade fool you - this place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall/convenience store looking type of establishment, but the food is amazing.  You walk in, and all you see are a bunch of natives speaking anything other than English.  Of course, the first time I went, I felt a little uncomfortable being a tiny Asian girl among a sea of men.... but, they definitely don't judge here :)The two men that helped me were all smiles all the time when they served me.  $7 for a take out platter of 3 vegetables over rice + roti OR sweet rice.  I'm not really sure what I chose, since everything kind of looks the same (a mushy mixture of vegetables), so I simply pointed at what looked like cauliflower, potatoes, and chick peas.  This is a LOT of food... like a food baby.  Definitely able to have enough for two meals.Condiments: I'd like to point out that the spicy green sauce they give you is just about the best hot sauce I've had in a while.  It's straight up spicy (but not killer spicy) with no stupid seasonings or additives that make it taste like Tabasco or anything like that.  YUM.  The yogurt they give you is also a great accompaniment to your mildly-to-medium spicy meal.  The mild mango spicy sauce they have in a jar at the counter is extremely salty and I don't really know what to do with it, but it was worth a shot.I would also like to point out that I've taken a couple of guys here that are anti-vegetarian and now I think I've changed their mind.Best $7 I ever spent.
I stop in at this place about 4 times a year--typically, only on nights (like tonight) when I can get in and out with dinner in hand before 6 pm. That's when the food is freshest, and the line relatively short. Note that this place is good only for take out, unless standing at a counter (no tables, no chairs) facing a wall while people try to squeeze by to place their orders is your idea of a nice dining environment. They also deliver, but not very speedily, and I doubt very far. (I live just a block away, so have relied on delivery only when ill.) The 3-dish dinner special each evening comes with your choice of any 3 from the 6 or 7 veggie dishes offered, plus white rice, roti, and small containers of cilantro and yoghurt as condiments. If you like spiced veggie dishes, you can't go wrong with any of the options as long as you don't go there for a late dinner, when they'll be scraping the bottom of the pan and it won't be fresh.Though it remains an OK deal, the price has gradually crept up over the last 5 years from $6 to $8 (the latter is current as of the date of this review, Oct. 24, 2016). It's a bit disappointing that they've increased prices by 33.3% when the consumer price index over the same period has risen only 7.3%. But the quality probably has inched up a bit too. The request for a tip has also become a little more aggressive. The credit card signature slip now "suggests" amounts for tips using 20% and 25% as guidelines--much like the taxis. At this place, I tip $1, which is now closer to 10% than 20%. I'm far from rich, and for cafeteria style take-out service, it strikes me as adequate. Tipping is technically optional, but clearly important to the younger staff. (I assume the older guy now there sometimes is an owner but not sure).All-in-all, worth trying if you like budget Southeast Asian vegetarian cuisine. Tasty, but don't expect fancy.
This place is good for quick eats.. their biryani is mild and good.All curries and nice for $6 and $7 its pretty good.. They accepts only cash no cards :)
Cold and hungry with a thirst for a good curry takeaway I decided to give this hole in the wall a whirl.Inside it was packed with taxi drivers getting their fix. Cant be bad as demand Is high.The man serving is quite possibly the rudest man ever, either he didn't like me because i only spoke  English or he didn't speak English.Luckily there was someone eating who saw the translation issue and helped me out....server actuallly refused to acknowledge me through the whole transaction. Now the platter seems a good deal. 7 bucks for 3 types of curry and rice with a rotti on the side. Only problem is they put it all in one section of the container so you end up with a load of unidentifiable slop with a currry taste.If you are broke perhaps this is your place but if you got a twenty go elsewhere. 3 stars for value only . My hunt for a good local Indian continues. It would be easier to find wonkas golden ticket.
This place is soooo good! Highlights are definitely the cauliflower, orange lentils, and spinach. So cheap and open 24/7!!! Perfect under a fried egg in the morning for breakfast or over rice/mixed in with another dish for an entree (or just by itself!) It cannot be stressed enough how fantastic this place is AND that they're open 24/7!
Tasty but I got food poisoning two times. The pakoras were starchy, thick, cold and inedible. The food is cheap and flavorful but it's components are questionable if I got sick on two occasions. My friend who lived in India for three years did not get sick, but when I asked if he would go back, he said no..."Pretty shabby."I think it's good for fast food compared to a Dunkin donuts or pizza. But, it is in no way cuisine.
There are times when you crave an Indian meal home cooked style. I'm satisfied with everything I had here. Definitely a steal for $7.99.
I don't even want to write a positive review of this place because I don't want it to catch on - I'd prefer this be our little hidden gem in the city. But alas, it's too good NOT to say it. Best Indian food I've had in the city. The price is right - for under $10 we get a meal to split (it's a lot of food) and two amazing teas. The dessert is $1 and also great. There is no seating, so to eat in you have to stand at a counter, but this is a taxi driver hot spot with a rotating group of customers who speak the native tongue, so you know it's authentic. Really really amazing.
I have been here twice and ordered samosa chat and platter. Both the dishes were very tasty and really authentic. Must go if you're looking for something that's authentic and very reasonable at the same time.
Delicious vegan Indian food being served out of this tight space.  Perfect for take-out and for $5.50 you can get a Mini Plate (2 choices+rice) and a samosa.  It's the perfect size and doesn't leave you feeling stuffed.I can never really give a one-dollar sign place 5 stars so they get 4 here.  Worth every penny.
Places like this are my favorite thing about nyc food.  The place is often packed with Sikh's, but work your way down the narrow opening between the counter and the wall and you'll be met with great and friendly service.The food looks like slop, but tastes phenomenal, and none of the dishes are bad. You cannot go wrong with any combination of dishes and rice or roti. I think Dil-e Punjab is actually better than a very similar punjabi deli on houston.  Both are ridiculously cheap and awesome, but here things are a bit spicier and taste perhaps a tad more fresh. If you want a cheap cultural experience and are in the area and you like spicy food (all vegetarian, though, but that doesn't make things any worse), be sure to check it out.  Don't expect a comfortable seating environment though, this place is standing room only, and there's not that much of it, either.
I don't care that this place doesn't serve meat, have seats, or really much room to eat without having people bump in to you as they're trying to pay. This place is legit. I've spent a little bit of time in rural india and what you learn is a lot of indian restaurants really cater to the american palette. Well not this joint. The curries are all on point and the watery yogurt they give you to put on stuff is one of the things you really learn to love in India, and something I've really been missing since my trip.Oh yeah, it's fast, cheap and open 23 hours a day. Which really just makes it perfect. I'm only living in Chelsea for another 5 days and I'm trying to figure out how many more times I can eat there while it's convenient.
I picked up food from here for the first time yesterday, and I'm probably going to say the same thing everyone else says here: it's cheap and it's pretty good, and in New York, that's pretty amazing. I had the chole (chickpea curry) and rice which comes out to an incredible $4. My friend also gets the chole over samosas, which I think is a great idea too. They also seemed to have a lot of other vegetable options, like paneer, mixed vegetables, and more, and I plan to try them the next time I'm here. While the chole were pretty good, they weren't like out of this world. I grew up eating North Indian food and have definitely had much better, but this is definitely authentic and makes for a good meal.The place itself is no frills - there's no place to sit or anything, it's more of just a pick up place.
$8 for a box with three vegetarian dishes, rice, and roti. Not super refined food, but it tastes great and is pretty affordable. You can eat standing up against a table-ledge inside the shop, if you want.
A hole in the wall, no frills , taxi driver's go-to, well priced spot to grab delicious home made Punjabi Indian food... They don't serve restaurant style "tikka masala" type of food, but rather simple home cooking.
I am sure I will be back again as I like their reasonably priced vegetarian food plus the coffee. I was asked if I was having my food to go or stay, and I chose to stay. That meant standing while having meal in their almost like hole in the wall, no nonsense food place. I really enjoyed their coffee, w/c was really instant coffee but they prepare it differently. Service was ok and friendly. The place almost looks like an afterthought but it operates 24/7, no frills. I can imagine they make money.. I will do a review again, for sure...
Pretty decent cheap indian grub.  Not as flavorful as some of the places I've been, but it's pretty great for the value.  With the platter, you get rice or roti (stick with the rice -- roti was nothing great and kinda bland) and your choice of 3 sides.  Potato, chickpeas and eggplant were great.  Spinach and okra were pretty good.  It's nice because the dishes weren't as greasy as some of the Indian places I've been.Service was efficient, they guy offered us pre-packed condiments -- gotta ask for raita and the green pickle thing.  I wonder if they have that sweet brown sauce and spicy mint sauce if you ask for it... Place is a little cramped, but i love mom and pop shops.  There is a little standing counter if you want to stand and eat there real quick.
Ok....!One thing i have to say it is always the same. They do have the same rhythm down packed.What you get is a rice platter with three sides. For seven dollars and they also have half portion for four.  Once everything hits the black three compartment microwave dish it seems to work really well and tasty.The place gets really pack by cabbies so i like that. Tonight i got pissy what can i say.... This cabbie came after i ordered and was served first plus he got carte Blanche service. he got two bread i had to request mine. Plus never got my onion, cucumber and desert rice. F+....tonight!Anyway this place is cool and weird really!!Food is good for what is....Beats a tv dinner!
Having recently returned from my maiden voyage to India, I found myself craving something reminiscent of the wondrous weeks I spent in India. Much to my surprise, I discovered this little eatery only blocks from job!The food, while not being as flavorful as other Indian restaurants, is tolerable for its price. However, as with another reviewer I did find myself falling ill on 2 occasions after eating there several weeks apart. This was especially strange because I have no history of becoming sick from food.More disturbingly, the men working in and patronizing this spot don't seem to be especially respectful of women. Every time I visited, the employees and patrons would overtly ogle my body and make lurid comments about their admiration for my figure. I often feel that we as women are implicitly encouraged to tolerate sexual harassment. However, I choose to be one less. I'm no longer spending my hard-earned money in places where I'm not afforded the respect I'm entitled to because of my gender. And the food at Dil-e Punjab Deli is not impressive enough to challenge my conviction.
Cheap, Great food and just what you needed. I got a meal for 2 for $10 in chelsea which no one should complain. This place is small so you can only stand to eat and just leave after. It's very simple. Just walk up to the cashier and pick your dishes and add a few samosas. Free tap water.
I am slowly discovering on Yelp that there is a rating inflation for "exotic" foods like this. This is a very cheap meal for Chelsea. It is also pretty good quality food. But the flavors are pretty standard. They are something I feel I could make at home. It is just vegetables cooked in an Indian curry with their sweet rice. If you work nearby and need some sustenance, this place is ok. But, don't expect anything special. This food does not wow.
I'm Punjabi and this place has my dil (heart) hehe :)Seriously - their food is crazy cheap, portions are huge and I can verify that the food is authentic with an A.  Rarely do I find good saag paneer like we make at home in this city.It might be more rustic and traditional than some of the restaurants on curry hill which cater more to the western palette - but it is 1) not oily 2) perfectly seasoned 3) healthy and vegetarian. They have some vegan options too.  This is essentially a "dhaba" style place, similar to a bodega deli - grab and go, or eat standing up. It caters heavily to South Asian taxi drivers, who are in a hurry but don't let that deter you from going - it is always crowded with a diverse mix of people. Cash only, last time I went.  The men behind the counters were jovial and smiling.Go here, you won't regret it.
This place is legit,, authentic and has a real home cooked taste.  If I'm happy with vegetarian you know it must be good.   This is one of those hidden away places you'd never find that all the cab drivers know about.  Instead of another slice of pizza give this a try and you'll be glad you did.  The only reason I din't give 5 stars is because I feel the samosa and flat bread (not quite naan, could be improved (it's still decent).Cheap,delicious --I'm a big fan.
GREAT, authentic food at fanatic prices! The variety is great and the food is freshly made. Water is available for all across the counters. To top it all off the customer service was impeccable!
This store is quite unassuming from the outside as well as inside, but if you want authentic, homemade-style Indian food, this is the place to go.  I love this vegetarian option in the neighborhood.  It's only $7 for a big platter that includes rice, 3 sides, chapathi.  It's a total steal compared for NYC prices.
Maybe the best food you can get for the money in Manhattan. $6.99 for lunch. Delicious food that makes you feel good. To top it off they're open 24/7.I can't recommend this place enough. Do yourself a favor and eat here instead of whatever other place you're thinking about going to.
My wife and I love this place. I was sad to see the nyt article about the rising rents and the fact that this business might not be here in a few years. This undoubtedly is the go to dinner spot after gallery hopping on Thursdays. The food here is almost always better than the art.
For what this place is (a bodega with no seating and buffet-style menu options) it's great. $6.50 gets you three vegetable dishes over rice. The portions are pretty big, and the flavors are tremendous. Luckily I was here with my girlfriend so we were able to sample almost everything. I am really not sure on the proper name for each dish, but I can give you the rundown on the major ingredients in each:Black BeanSpinachLentilOkraCauliflowerPotatoChick PeasIMO, the best tasting was the Chick Peas and Lentil, but honestly you can't go wrong. Also, AMAZING Chai Tea.Finally, no longer Cash Only, credit is accepted.
Flavourful, good vegetarian Indian food.  For $6.50, I got rice with 3 vegetarian dishes of my choice (spinach, yogurt curry, cauliflower potato), bread, and some yogurt sauce.  The spinach was my favourite!There's nowhere to sit, but it's a nice meal to eat on a park bench.  Cash only.
7 bucks for a tray of rice and three sides.The lentils are buttery and delicious, and the tofu and green peas keep me coming back for more. It's a great stop-in lunch spot I've been to plenty of times and will be back plenty more.
ProsVery tasty and authentic Indian foodReasonable pricesConsHorrible serviceVery very cramped and claustrophobicCome here for authentic Indian food, not the ambiance.
Fresh off the plane from a 2-week Eurotrip and I needed something with spice immediately. A few days before we left to come back home, my husband mentioned Dil-e and said we could go there after we got home -- that's pretty much all we could talk about for the remainder of our trip. Fast forward to 11pm on a Saturday night with a super jet lag situation and we're at Dil-e ordering our food, which was just DELICIOUS! Thanks fellow yelpers for not steering me off course. This place is seriously the bomb.com. I got the 3-item platter with rice and roti, and no one judged me when I got a plastic cup for achaar and chili to go. :) The only thing I'm sad about is that I only just discovered this place, 3 years into living in NYC and 2 months before we move...dammit!
This place is exactly what you want. Nice proportion of rice to main dish, and you get three options! So fresh, and such a great find when you're starving but don't want to shell out $15 on seamless. Whole platter -- which is two sides of rice and three main options (you can choose from about 6) is $7 total. What a DEAL! The food speaks for itself, it's amazing quality. And the employees are smiley and helpful too. Great if you work nearby and don't want the same thing you have everyday.
The food was alright, very spicy and microwaved in front of me. However they were serving buffet style so I wasn't too surprised. What was annoying is that they did not check their Yelp online orders, so I ended up having to reorder entirely. There were a lot of people there though, so maybe my experience is not typical.
Great Indian food, conveniently located  well-priced --- hard to come by any better deal in NYC.  I am crazy in love with their saag paneer because it is so flavorful, dahl is a close second.  They didn't have their eggplant dish on display so I asked them if they had it (and apparently they did, but it was under the buffet display) - pays off to speak up  just ask :).  There isn't any seating in this establishment so definitely expect to take everything to go.  $6.50 for 3 sides  either white rice or their sweet saffron rice (will have to try that next time) --- good deal!  They also have an amazing basil seed drink here that tastes delicious (looks creepy as heck, but don't let that deter you, it tastes so good).
Got some food to go on my way to The High Line - food was really good! Food was cheap, plentiful, and tasteful. Wish they had these kind of places in Chicago!
Best vegetarian home style indian food in the town... Has a kickass masala tea and a samosa chat to die for ... No seats, good for takeout. open 24x7
I am obsessed with the yogurt curry, the cauliflower, and the carrots. My boyfriend can eat bowls and bowls of the saag. If I really want to be stuffed I'll have a ladoo with tea for dessert. This place is delicious, consistent and pleasant. The prices are too fair, the guys are incredibly nice and the food is always top notch. It's a great place for a home-cooked meal when you are too tired to make one your own. I go here probably 2 or 3 nights a week. Mostly I eat in because it's too good to wait, and then while I'm standing there I get to check out all the Indian CD's and snacks they have for sale--fascinating!
Indian fare is one of my favorite cuisines. But lately Manhattan has been disappointing in this department. I tried a few places downtown that were allegedly good by taxicab driver standards. Most have been a sore letdown. I passed by this place several times and finally one afternoon I decided to stop in. It is always a good sign when people look at you funny when you walk in. You know you have entered a secret. People don't want you to know about their secret. You have infiltrated. And besides, I was the only woman in the shop. For $6, you will get rice and three entrees. I chose all veggie options, including okra, aloo gobi (potato and cauliflower) and saag paneer (spinach and cheese). For a $1 extra, you can also get a piece of naan (Indian bread).Each dish was flavorful and appropriately seasoned. Nothing tasted water down. I especially liked the tanginess of the okra. This is the best taxicab driver stand as of yet. I highly recommend it. Don't be weirded out by the stares and funny looks. The food is well worth it.
One of my favorite lunch spots in the area. The guy at the counter is super friendly and often gives us extra servings when we eat in. Although, it's standing room only so we usually take our food to the high line. No frills. Great food at a great price!
What a great little find! The food here is as authentic Punjabi as it gets and cheap too. I usually get 2-3 rotis and a couple entree dishes which lasts me for 2 meals easily. All for less than $10! Usually food can be a tad oily at such places.. but I've always found it to be fresh and great tasting here!I also have to add that the guys who run this place are amazingly sweet - the first time I went here and placed an order which came to about $20. It was only when I was at the counter to pay that they told me cash only. I was about to walk out without my purchase when the guy asked me to take the food and come back the next day with cash. This has never happened to me ever...least of all in New York! So refreshing to see a small deli owner place so much trust in a first time customer. Needless to say they earned a new loyal customer.
Found this place through a quick google search a few years ago when I was dorming at FIT a few years ago. Being an indian person who loves home cooked food, I was desperately looking for some delicious affordable indian food. I'm so happy I found this place because the food is so flavorful, spicy and good, it reminds me of my moms cooking. It's like an indian snack place you would find open on the side of a road in India. They have great samosas and chaat, hot curries and super good ras malai. The prices are really affordable and you get a lot for your money. This place is open 24 hours too which is great for any night owls out there.
Decent, nothing to go out of your way for.If you happen to be in West Chelsea and crave for cheaper food than normal Chelsea offers, then this fits the bill. Otherwise, there are plenty of home made food for similar price. Came here after all the raving Yelp review but do not know what the hype is.
Pros:Cheap foodChapattis!Cons:Limited optionsNothing is freshly made (not even the bread)Chai is not authenticFood is oily
Score! The ultimate Indian-Veg hole-in-the-wall.  Affectionately known as "cabbie stand" to us that work nearby, this place serves up some no-nonsense vegetarian Indian food.  A "to-go" platter gets you three veggie entries and either roti or rice. You get some pepper sauce and some yogurt on the side for heat control. Go for a Masala Chai tea and add another $1.25, and you have yourself one of the best bangs-for-the-buck lunches in Manhattan.Caveat emptor - this is a food stand. No place to sit and eat. You can eat standing up against the wall with cabbies but I don't recommend it as the quarters are extremely tight and it is very crowded. Do you really want to eat while the people in line rub against you? Yeah, it's that tight.I suggest you get your food and take it to-go. Either way, getting in and out can sometimes be a bit like moving through a party crowd, but once you eat it, you'll probably be back for more because the price is great and the food is so genuine and good.Zero atmosphere, zero ambiance, 100% great home-style vegetarian Indian food.  I highly recommend it. My software programmers from India turned me on to this place and I am glad they did.
Been coming here for a few years and it has been consistently delicious every time.  I am not a vegan by any means but I love this place.  For $7 they REALLY hook it up.  Three entrees served over a bed of jasmine rice (I think it's jasmine at least) with rotti, cucumber, yogurt and a dessert. Free water and a nice after meal tea.  If you eat there you eat it standing up which just doesn't happen enough in NY.  I also recommend trying a little bit of the spicy mango which is in a jar on the counter where you eat.
Come here a couple times a week for a quick dinner to bring home after work. Everything is really good and really cheap. Always get a platter which is enough to get you stuffed. I feel like it's not as rich as regular indian restaurants and I never feel sick after. Only downside is that it's very tiny and usually very packed with men and you kinda have to hold your own in there.
When I studied abroad in India, the most useful Hindi phrase I learned was "Mera phet bahut bhargia hai, Auntiji." I probably butchered the spelling there, but that translates to "My stomach is very full, Auntie." You see, my host-mother and I couldn't communicate through a language barrier, so we connected through food. She fed me as any respectable hostess would (plentifully), and I appreciatively ate all of it like a good guest should. At some point, I'd offer that phrase of surrender and she would say "Thik hai," with only the slightest hint of disapointment that I couldn't finish the 5th serving of her delicious food.Since coming home to the US, I've been on a hunt for Indian food as good as my Auntiji's. I've certainly found it at Dil-e Punjab -- and in similar generous portions. (My arms are tired by the time I walk my take-out back to the office.) The taste really is so authentic. No gloppy, bright pink "TIkka Masala" sauce, but real, home-cooked vegetables piled on perfect sweet rice. You can't beat it. Well Auntiji could, but she's not on Yelp.
Love this place! The food is always delicious, cheap ($6-7/platter), and convenient. The actual place looks kind of dirty and scary to walk into, but I've been here at least 5 times and haven't gotten sick. My favorites are the samosas, saag paneer, and cauliflower.Will definitely keep coming back!
Delicious northern Indian food that's quick and open 24 hours. I chose a platter of chickpeas, some kind of spicy paneer, and a spinach curry over white rice, and each dish tasted noticeably different from similar ones I've eaten at other Indian restaurants. The flavors are more nuanced and presumably more authentic, like home-cooked food. When eating cuisines that I'm not too familiar with, I prefer menus that allow you to try several things at once. The roti and yogurt that came with the meal were good, too. The platter itself without the sides was filling without the weighed-down feeling the food from a lot of Indian restaurants leaves you with, and I didn't even notice until looking on Yelp that everything was vegetarian.
For Manhattan cheap eats, this is definitely in the realm of as good as it gets, but know what to expect. There is no sitting, so you either have to eat at one of their stand-up counters or take your food to go. If you choose the first option (stand and eat) you can opt for the "buffet" option, but if you have to take it to go, you will still get three entree options, a generous portion of rice and some nice, hot roti. Both options are under $7 and will fill you up! Your choices are all delicious vegetarian curries. When I went, they even had a tofu dish. We ended up taking ours to go and sitting down in a park down the street to eat, but right down to the spicy chutney, everything was worthy of a second helping. We would have definitely overstuffed ourselves if we had stayed for the buffet option. Again, know what to expect: don't show up with your posse of 12 for a sit down affair and don't expect a fancy air conditioned environment. Do expect savory, affordable, vegetarian Punjabi eats. CASH ONLY.
This is a great place to eat traditional vegetarian Indian food. They give you 3 veg dishes, rice, chapati for only 7 dollars. And on top of that it is 24/7.
I wish this Indian spot was close to my apt. Cheap yet tastes really great!!!! They are open till early morning so if you go after a certain hour you will experience eating yummy curry among a bunch of cab drivers.
This place is seriously awesome. Sure, the Indian guy at the counter didn't really speak English. Sure, it's vegetarian dishes only. But after I was halfway through my lunch, I forgot my usual meat craving. The daal and saag paneer here are both fantastic. I wish I got 2 helpings on the daal, because I could eat it forever. I also had some type of chole mixed with some other vegetables, which wasn't quite as good as the others. I washed it all down with a bottle of mango lassi. The mango lassi isn't as good as freshly made mango lassi, but it was still decent. Plus, I'm a sucker for a mango lassi, so who am I to complain?All in all, a great hole-in-the-wall local Indian joint with fantastic vegetarian fare.
I visited Dil-e Punjab on a weekday for lunch with two coworkers. The deli had a nice stream of patrons coming in and out. First of all, this is not a sit-down establishment. You go in, order, and leave with your food, or you stand at the counter at eat there. The space at the counter is not spacious, but as we ate our food we didn't get bumped into, so it's not too cramped. These are not fancy digs, but everything is clean and there are even pitchers of water and plastic cups on the counter.The deal is that you get 3 vegetable dishes on top of rice or with bread or a combination of bread. You also get a little bowl of yogurt, some cukes and purple onion, and a little bowl of rice pudding. The entire thing costs $7.I tried a dumpling dish in a creamy gravy (kofta?), eggplant with potatoes, and string beans with potatoes. I got these over rice and got one roti on the side. All dishes were very flavorful and well-seasoned. I especially liked the string beans with potatoes. The yogurt was unseasoned, so that was not too impressive, but everything else was very delicious. The meal was tasty, filling, and very affordable. I highly recommend Dil-e Punjab and will visit again. Chelsea is nearly a wasteland for Indian food, so this place is great!
This is the perfect example of a hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  The food was, without question, the best Indian food that I have ever eaten.   For $6.50, you get a take out tray of rice, three curries of your choice, bread, mint chutney, and yogurt sauce.  We came down from Time Square for the food on a Yelp recommendation, and it was WELL worth the trip.  There is one guy behind the counter with six varieties of food in front of him.  That is about the extent of the customer service and atmosphere that you will get.  There is no where to sit, but you can walk up the road to the park.Cash only.
Went there today with a friend after having read all these rave reviews on yelp.I really liked whatever i had.My friend has come okra along with the lentil and carrot and potatoes curry and I had chickpeas and cottage cheese and peas over rice along with the  carrot and potatoes curry. Both of us killed it. The food was so flavorful and felt like it was home made. The person as said by my fellow yelpers was delightful and struck conversation almost instantly about India.I also like the bread that they serve as it was not the usual whole wheat bread but also had gram flour in it. The chatni that came along was also fresh and similar to the one that I make at home myself.I am definitely going back again with my husband to eat by sitting on the nearby high line.
Love it!  I grew up eating [not Punjabi] Indian food and it always drives me nuts that I can't just find restaurants like this that serve everyday Indian food (and not paneer fill-in-the-blank or tandoori insert-meat-here).  Cauliflower, cabbage, chickpeas - they've got it all for someone just looking for some Indian home cookin'.  Seriously though, this place is straight out of India - they make large vats (in a good way, but I'm not sure what word for vat has a positive feel) of veggie stews/stirfries, chappattis, and rice a few times a day and then just dole it out throughout the day with the help of a microwave.  May not sound appealing when I say it that way but it definitely hits the spot.  My only complaint was that the food is a bit on the oily side for what they're making...All in all, our first stop in our whirlwind three day [eating] tour of NYC did not disappoint.  Two stars for awesome food, a third for the dirt cheap prices ($6.50 for rice, chappatti, and three bhajis!) and a fourth for somehow managing to recreate the experience of being at a roadside diner in India.  All that's missing is the red spit stains on the sidewalk...
Good vegetarian punjabi food. A number of choices for the vegetables.You can have rice or roti with the lunch box.There is no sitting place, just a table along the wall where you can stand and eat.Overall very small place so better for take out.
Fucking great. All-vegetarian. For $6.50 you can get the buffet (which includes some of everything) and eat it standing up with the taxi drivers. Teabag chai made by the cup with a steamer for $1.25, and a decent samosa for $1.25 as well.
This was my wedding anniversary meal. True story. We were in NYC for an extended weekend of festivities and I chose this little gem to gorge on spicy, authentic Indian delights. Yes, it's standing room only and the establishment is small, but love exists dearly in this food. The service was great and the cook even packaged my leftovers for breakfast. Yes, I ate my leftovers the next morning in bed. Thank goodness for hotel refrigerators!
Great flavor filled food, Great prices, Friendly service...what more could you ask for? For $6.50 you can get enough food to feed two people. They have a different variety of dishes everyday, and it's ALL delicious. You can pick three items (I got the spinach, chickpeas and cabbage....all amazing), and it comes with rice or roti, cucumbers, yogurt sauce and a yummy green hot sauce. The space is a bit cramped, but I usually pick food up on my way home anyway so it's not big deal. The man behind the counter is super friendly and usually sticks an extra roti or side of sweet rice in my bag. I've easily spent double or triple the amount on Indian food around the city, and the food has been supbar. Punjab is the real deal, makes you feel like you're at an authentic food cart in India. Give this place a try and you will most certainly be back for seconds, thirds, and so on!
As a brown man, I hereby confirm these high reviews from the non-brown Yelpers. This is indeed a hidden gem, and it's these gems that keeps my faith in the Yelp community.I had dinner. It's $6 for a large box, $5 for a smaller one. I was able to choose three out of the six items; I had chole (chickpea curry), dal, and a spinach dish. It came with a ton of rice, a fresh roti, yogurt, and onions. The serving of yogurt and onions is a good indicator of authenticity for Indian food.I'm Gujarati and I haven't had much Punjabi food, so it was still a somewhat new experience for me. I've had all of the dishes before, but they were spiced differently. Everything was delish. It's a steal to have a full meal including 3 new items for $6.I also saw other people eating chole chaat. That's just chole garnished with coriander, onions, peppers, and other stuff. Always a good choice for a lighter meal.Beware, the setting is hectic. Older Punjabi people go in and out continuously through the narrow 1-person-wide pathway. It can be difficult to eat inside, but I survived. Eating just outside may have been a better choice. So, don't come here with a date, unless that person is a wicked-cool Yelper. Think of it as the Yelp alternative to the 53rd and 6th Halal Cart.In the end, I ate a third, took a $1 cup of chai to go, and headed off into the wintry night with a full stomach.Thanks again Yelp. Please continue exploring your heart out. Don't settle with ramen and soup dumplings. Go further. Take risks. Venture deep into those cultural communities near you. The Jewish one in Bedford, the Caribbean one on Myrtle, or the Asian mecca in Flushing. Then tell me where the good stuff is so I can devour it.
Okay . . . so I eat here more than any other place. . . without doubt.Top quality food, all vegetarian and authentic Indian. Flavorsome and cheap.It's super casual . . . you can stand around and eat in or get take away. There is no dining as such, it's standing room only.This place is not for a first date. . . or any date. However if its quality Indian food you are looking for, that is what you shall find.I like a platter to go. Or often I just duck in for a small bowl of chickpeas and rice (Chana Masala) and eat it there.This place is frequented by taxi drivers, stopping to get tea, dinner and have some Indian chats.I like the sweet rice. . . ask for sweet rice.
Quick service..simple menu and tasty food at a reasonable price.  What else do you need?  The buffet option is same price as take out $8...what...what...what? Just don't expect any table service...there is a stand up counter  for dining in.  Only item on the buffet that was not our fav...was the spinach...too creamy. If you live in the neighborhood and are willing to pick up...this should be your go to place for Indian food.
Summary based on 1 dinner:--decent food--very inexpensive--friendly service--stand up only dining unless you take away--good alternative to the pricey restaurants in the area, so extra *
I would be so happy if this place was great as work very close. But in the 5 times i got food from here, i got sick twice. I gave them one last chance and got sick again!
I am Indian and love good Indian flavorful food ... This is one of the good joints in NYC ... Decent food and decent price.
Great healthy, inexpensive, quick, delicious food.  They have great variety - but I wish they did more seasonal and varied vegetables.  But its really very good and healty.
We got two combo plates and made a picnic out of it up on the High Line. The combo plates are generous and reasonably priced ($8), and it's nice being able to try a selection of everything, knowing all the dishes are vegetarian. Our favorite was a very spicy vegetable dish; the curried chickpeas were fantastic as well. We couldn't finish everything but the samosas made delicious snacks the next day.
Killer lunch deal in usually over priced Chelsea, great food.
This place is really cheap and you get to experience some exotic food! I really enjoyed cauliflower, spinach and chickpeas. Staff was a little hard to communicate with and the bread was pretty bad. The place itself is also really hot, you don't want to stay there to eat.
Just found my new takeout place! Saw a bunch of cab drivers get in line and thought I should give it a try. Next time I'll get two sides instead of three, (SO MUCH FOOD) but the chickpeas and tofu pea dish I got were AMAZING. If you like spicy ask for extra of that green sauce, next time I will : ) Also really nice employees!
5 bucks for rice and three always-fresh vegetarian curry options? Who cares if it's microwaved?!!! You can buy everything on the menu for 10 bucks, which might get you a side order of dhal someplace else. It's authentic and tasty and a deserved institution.
$7 for 3 vegetarian combo on rice. No frills here. But you won't need any. While a bunch of Euros and Guidos crush late night nasty pizza next door, head here for your night cap. Just make sure you brush your teeth before crawling in bed.
Perfect go-to place for vegetarians and vegans alike. They have fresh and new options everyday (spinach paneer is always on the menu since it seems to be the best seller). Their food is spiced very nicely without it leaving that burning lava feel in your mouth like other "authentic" Indian places will leave. I have eaten here at least twenty times within the last two years with my girlfriend and we have yet to have a bad experience. They are open basically 23 hours of the day (they do close around 5-6 A.M.) but re-open shortly. The only real complaint about this place is that there is no seating area, and sometimes I do want to sit down and enjoy my meal rather than sit on a park bench with the plentiful New York City dogs passing by sniffing at our food (probably because it smells so damn good!). All in all Dil-e Punjab is an inexpensive way to get great Indian food on the go.
Love this place! Great to grab a quick bite of Indian vegetarian food. Food is on the greasier side, but still great in a comfort food kind of way. Sometimes the choices can be a bit lacking though, but quality and service is consistent.
Nusrat Khan beams out from his CD cases, sending his blessings over this fragrant dish of dal, saag, cholla, and saffron rice. The menu is basic, the ambiance homey, the prices light,, and the mango pickle red, salty and satisfying.There's only standing room for 4, so don't bring a crowd unless you are looking to picnic or take out- but do make time for this gem, hidden in plain site.
Four bucks doesn't usually go a long way, but here you'll get two spicy cups of chai and a pair of samosas for that much. Makes an especially splendid afternoon snack when eaten on a nearby stoop with someone you love.A couple evenings ago I got a little lesson: Dil-E means "heart of" so translated this gem is the Heart of Punjab Deli.
Really tasty, no-frills Indian food. Food isnt overloaded with chilis but has the perfect blend of spices (cardamon, coriander, turmeric, etc) Very flavorful and generous portions.No seating, cash only, open late!
- cheap and delicious!! my two favorites.. so flavorful.. - every few days i try to go without eating meat for a day, which is really hard because i loove my meat... this food defintely satiates my cravings..- tastes even better than the other place i used to go to.. i will go here instead..
Don't understand the hype about this place. I was excited to go after reading the Yelp reviews.I had the chickpeas, a cauliflower dish, and a samosa -- I've had significantly better chickpeas and samosas elsewhere in NYC. The average Indian place on Seamless has tastier food.
Very affordable, and tasty. It's a total hole-in-the-wall place, so don't expect to sit down or anything. But if you want quick, tasty take-out Indian food, this is a great place to go.
I love this place, the food is great extremely authentic and very cheap for the area. There is no place to sit but with the highline near by who cares. Its all vegitarian the chai is not bad either. wish i lived closer so i could go more often
i love this little place. no fuss, good food, quick and cheap. i've never been disappointed. i think it's great that it's vegetarian too. meat from a little place like this might seem kinda sketchy.
Packed with flavor, not greasy and cheap! In this nice weather I take my bike there, pick up the food and go eat it as a picnic on one of the Hudson River Park piers. It's glorious! Also, get the Chai Masala tea. The men were really sweet in there too.
Good price, friendly service, generous portions, and (according to my roommate) very authentic Indian cuisine.
Great price and really nice staff. It was busy, even for a Sunday night @ 9, but the line went really fast. The flatbread and chic peas were the best. No seating, but plenty of counter space to eat. Definitely made for a quick meal, eat and go. It also had a bathroom which is always a plus in my book.
I'm taking a taxi ride down to Tribeca yesterday afternoon, and my cabbie, a gracious Sikh fellow and I get to talking about India and Sri Lanka, usual small talk.He offers to stop and by me some chai at his favorite spot, this place, so we pull over and he comes back (while I wait) with two steaming cups.Haven't had this great a chai in some time, it's old school with heavy cream, 2 lumps of sugar, spiced just right.Sukhwinder (the cabbie and I are now best buds at this point) tells me that for breakfast, lunch, dinner, just a snack, this place is all that and a bag of samosas.
Beware! Once you come here, you will be hooked and probably do everything in your power to come back. The 6.50 All-Veg.special is worth every penny.  Ask for the Roti if they are not including it.  It should come with some yoghurt and chili sauce, as well.  Sometimes they even have cucumber and red onion.   It's great, authentic Punjabi Vegetarian food.  The Spinach dish in particular is so tasty, can be a little salty, but you will definitely be satisfied.   Also try the pickled spicy Mango on the bar, it's tart and just a little spicy.  mmmmmmmm..
This place can be a little intimidating at first. Its a tiny storefront and none of the food is even labeled. The guy behind the counter is quite accommodating and it feels like he enjoys serving his food to people who may not have had it before. Its all vegetarian and for $6.50 you get a sample of three dishes over rice and comes with a yummy green chutney (mint and chili based?) and a delicious yogurt sauce and nan. I haven't had anything I didn't like and this might be a 5 star if it were a little more accessible.
Spicy and authentic. My favorites are the spinach broccoli mustard green mix and the paneer with peas. There isn't any seating and they don't serve meat but the favors are strong and very filling. The people here are pretty friendly and the food isn't nearly as greasy as Cuisine of Pakistan.
Now officially installed in my new summer neighborhood, I was on the prowl for some inexpensive and tasty Indian food. BOY did I ever find it here.  For $6, one gets a fairly large container of rice and a choice of 3 vegetables from their steam-trays.  The food must have been sitting there all day (which explains the microwave re-heat) but dear god those flavors and spices mingled to an intensely delightful degree.  With the dinner, if you eat in at least (at the standing-only counter inside this small place), you get a side of cucumbers and onions as well as some sweet rice I had never experienced before that was lovely, and some kind of yogurty-milky sauce that as a lactose intolerant I should never have eaten---yet, as usual when delicious dairy is placed in front of me, I could not help myself.  Also, I was with my Sri-Lankan friend who assured me it was not just my ignorance that made this place so good---It was legit.  She did think it wasn't spicy enough, though (as I, on the other hand, practically choked on the sinus-clearing heat.  In a great way).If you like Indian food, and you don't like spending ridiculous amounts of money to eat it, DO NOT MISS Dil-e Punjab Deli!
Walked into this lil Punjabi "dhaaba" as we call back home while in the neighborhood the other day seeing the 6.50 for three veggies , rice and roti platter menu outside. When I saw the 6 choices to choose the three out of, was a lil disappointed as I didn't see okra or potatoes . I must say, samosas were an option which might explain the absence of a potato "sabji". Anyways, I waited in line patiently while another customer haggled with the man at the counter about getting some chole (chick pea dish) on top of his samosas. He won. The customer won. When it came to my turn I decided not to have the rice and get two rotis instead and that was not a problem. I choose the chole, saag (mashed garlic, spinach with other leafy veggies) and green peas with tofu or "tofu mutter".  Got the hot dishes , got into the subway, reached home and sat down to my dinner and oh my, was not in the least bit disappointed anymore - chole soft and easily mashed with the rotis, tofu tasted like scrambled eggs - yummy and saag tasted out of the world. All with the fresh warm rotis. Enjoyed every bit of my meal, portion was huge maybe coz i didn't get the rice. Oh, it came with small sides of chutney and yoghurt - gulping down the yoghurt after the well spiced meal felt soooo good !!I would not hesitate to make the trip down here when i crave some good vegetarian Punjabi meal the next time!
I have nothing bad to say about this place.  The food is always delicious (particularly after a night out) and perfectly spiced.  For $6.50 you can buy a large portion of rice with three vegetarian sides.
Top Indian place. Vegetarian, healthy, and not greasy like the Michelin recommended Indian place a few blocks a way. And hey, its only $6.50! Rice, three choices, naan, raika, and cucumbers! Don't forget the spicy mint chutney!They also have a few grocery items you can't find in the neighborhood that I get.Alas, its CASH ONLY
I hate to downgrade this place.  I love doing positive reviews.  But the fact that I have found hair in my food here needs to be shared!  I imagine it was a fluke but nonetheless, it's the reason I avoid hole in the wall seeming places.
I haven't eaten here, but I have had the chai.Very very good.
I often come here late at night from partying and often ask myself why did I have to spend $$$$ for dinner a few hours earlier when this is $ and yummier. Okay, maybe this deli is just perfect for that kind of situation. I couldn't care less and am not the right purist to judge the authenticity of Punjabi food. I just love it.
outstanding. pretty close to mom's cooking. highly recommend
$7 gets you a huge plate of rice, three vegetarian choices, fresh slice of cucumber, one roti, a little bowl of yogurt, and a little bowl with sweet rice for dessert. Yes, there is no place to seat but who cares! The food is amazing and cheap!
I went with a friend; I'm Indian and he's Bengali, so we know authenticity when we see it. The place is cramped, but the atmosphere makes you feel like you're in India. The food is pretty tasty and cheap too. Unfortunately, my friend got sick after eating the chole (chickpeas), so be wary!
I can't recall better Indian food in my life. I had a large "take-out platter" with lentils, chickpeas, eggplant, and saffron rice. It was amazing. There service was quite nice. My only complaint is that none of the vegetables were marked with names. I would have liked that. In any case, if you are in the area, looking for a cheap, large Indian meal, Go here. I believe it's open 24 hours a day, although yelp claims they close for half an hour at 5:30 AM. Amazing!!
So much wonderful flavor! For $6 you get:3 choice of vegetables-- which fills up a full to-go boxyogurt saucesweet rice for dessertwarm, flaky, delicious rotiStanding room only, but definitely the most bang for your buck in Chelsea! I work down the street, so I've been able to check out everything in and around Chelsea Market. If you're looking for wonderful, filling, authentic Indian food for a great price, you have to check out this deli!
So good! Fast, friendly, and fresh. The spice level is just right and the price can't be beat. Will definitely be back.
Accidentally stopped at this place for brunch after the crazy new years eve.Excellent food !  Value for money. I mean I created my yelp A/C for this.  Yeah its not he typical chicken tikka masala place or the typical buffet food you get. Its home cooked indian food. It for people like me who savor the  simple taste of home cooked indian food without the frills.  Like they say in punjab ! Chak de fatte.
Amazing and tasty food at  a very reasonable price. I'm not a vegetarian but if I get the foods from here on a daily basis I wouldn't miss meat. Seriously.
Very cheap so I see the appeal. Lunch cost me 5.50, however...They microwave the dishes in styrofome.. is that even healthy?The raita was minimally tasty, as was the rest of my dish.Rice was fresh - well before it was microwaved... and I am the only one who has a problem with the idea that it is also an electronics store?
Nothing's changed -- this place continues to rock my world! We get food from here twice week and eat leftovers for at least two more meals on a weekly basis. It's healthy, delicious, incredibly reasonably priced and very very authentic.
Fast, cheap and very very tasty. And the guys behind the counter were really friendly too. A new favorite lunch spot to be sure.
As authentic as Punjabi food gets in NYC! I'm Punjabi and I frequent Dil e Punjab when I'm craving home style Punjabi food. Always a great selection of daal/sabzi (lentils/vegetables) and yummy rotis and rice. Reminds me of home!
I LOVE this place for authentic punjabi food. Really good food for $5. -1 for  no seating area.  Great take out Indian food.
Is it wrong that I only want to eat here again for the delicious, tangy naan and smile of the guy who runs the place?They're open 24 hours (I'm almost certain), and tons of guys were standing around at 11pm eating, listening to music, and chatting with the owner. I saw a taxi idling outside. There's nowhere to sit, but if you like standing, that'll work. Don't be afraid to ask what everything is, because he'll tell you happily. Get as much naan as you feel comfortable ordering. Don't expect this to be a formal affair.The food is really good for the price (cheap as hell), but nothing is gourmet, and it's microwaved for you. It's kind of ramshackle and rundown and has a lot of charm because you know people come here twice a day. They even sell weird Indian films on a shelf behind you.
This spot used to only be known to cabbies and is a hidden gem. From the outside, it doesn't look appealing! The place is super tiny and narrow. Dingy looking. One side has a counter for standing room only eating, while the other side is the service counter. Food is already prepared buffet style, which they generously serve to you. For $7, you get the choice of 3 main dishes over rice and includes bread. Super filling and spicy. Chickpeas, potatoes, carrots, spinach in a curry sauce. I mostly take out. Really awesome tasting vegan / vegetarian food.
Place is small, you gotta stand, but the price is right and the food is great. Dudes at counter are nice too. Considerably clean. I used to go to Chandni till they got a C in their window. What does it take to get a C rating? A bum's foot in the deep fryer? Gross.
I stopped by Punjab this afternoon for a quick bite and some chai. For $5, you get 3 veggie dishes on top of rice with a mini-salad. The Aloo Gobi was my favorite. Good deal and good Indian food for your lunch break. And I agree with Nish's review, the chai is great.I work a few blocks away from this spot and I will definitely be back for more.
I'm so sad I didn't like this place.  Based on the 4+ stars and how close it is to my office and how completely affordable it is, I really really wanted to love it.  I got the $6.50 lunch special to-go with the saag, choley kabuli, and some kind of curried yogurt dish.  The choley kabuli was pretty yummy but the other two were not very good at all.  Like to the point where I considered not eating them.  As tempting of a cheap lunch option it is, I can't recommend it if you're looking for something that satisfies more than just your budget.
Yes.  I just found this place on the way to the ucb.  Punjabi food.  Got a thali like deal.  Man it was good.  Turned out to be quite a surprise.  Had an eggplant dish and a tofu dish, rice, roti, and yogurt.  The pickle was pretty kickin too if you can do it.  Good for taxi drivers and hungry people.
This place is cheap and authentic. Basically, you pay $6 for a heaping portion of rice, and they'll top it with your choice of 3 of their vegetables. It's a little bit intimidating at first, but the guy behind the counter was cool with me asking about each vegetable dish. They also give you a garlic cream sauce, hot sauce, and a sweet rice dessert. It all tasted great. This is my new favorite lunch place.
Even considering that this is a 24-hour taxi/cab driver's joint, my choices were hit or miss. There weren't too many choices when I went in the morning, so I will definitely go back to try more. Very cheap indeed.
The food has a truly home-cooked feel and is consistently tasty and healthy. Samosas are delicious too! One of my favorite haunts for lunch/dinner takeout on weekends.
This place was amazing! This place reminded me of streetside restaurants in India. You come in, they take your order, people come in an out as you wait / make use of the communal water pitcher. The staff was extremely friendly and not to mention, the food is pretty darn good (I believe all vegetarian as well). If you like homey, down to earth places with good food and no frills, this is for you.
my go-to spot for a fresh, clean, inexpensive, and high quality vegetarian meal. Don't sleep on their Ladus and Binnis (punjabi sweets), washed down with a cup of masala chai.
This place is great.  I love their food.   And that's all you get.  No frills, no décor, no chairs...nuthin but good-ass Punjabi food, nuked to perfection on styrofoam with a plastic fork to eat it with.  Don't let the smallness or the lack of vapor action 'neath the steamtrays fool you, these guys are serious.  They workin them smokey black cardamoms for that deep down in your soul scrumptiousness. One time they gave me (free) this sweet orange rice dessert that I can't stop thinking about 2 months later.  Dil-e is pretty near the highline, so I take my tripartite container up top to enjoy the views and the food together, and it's just delightful.
Do not expect gourmet. Bear that in mind and you will find great value at Dil-e Punjab. It may not be the most elegant of settings, but you can't beat a $3 samosa chat. Order that by the way. Repeat after me: "samosa chat"Chai is really good too and so are the roti dishes.
OK, let me say this up front.. this place is not a place to take a date and the food is not going to be four star.... YES, they microwave your food in a styrofoam bowl... but for $3 this is a great quick lunch you can get and I have to say their Indian food is a hell of a lot better than most Indian restaurants
Working in Chelsea, I've passed by this place numerous times without stopping in. Finally the other day when I was starving and low on cash I ducked in here to grab lunch. It was a bit confusing as there's no menu or board posted listing what they have, but I was basically able to just point at numbers of what I wanted--#1 Basmati rice with #3, a potato/califlower platter for $4.50. Delicious, spicy and filling.
It's often said that you can't buy much for a dollar. Not true: With one dollar (or four quarters, ten dimes, etc), you can get a huge samosa at the Punjab Deli and some spicy green sauce on the side. That's a lot of food for one american peso.
cheap and amazingly good. only a few options, but c'mon, how do you not like a place that only closes for half an hour each day! careful if you can't stand spices though - many of their options are a little hotter than they would be at other restaurants
randomly stopped in this place on my way home. it's a tiny little place, nothing fancy, not even any place to sit. there's a long bar-type shelf where you can eat. i got take out. told the guy to pick the 3 best things on the menu and he was happy to help me decide. 3 heaping portions of a potato/onion dish, a spinach dish, and a chickpea dish + gigantor amount of rice = $5.50. brought it home to reheat it -- flavorful and just spicy enough. will definitely go back again for some cheap latenight.
