Overall 4.6/5 - One of my favorite UWS restaurants Ambiance 4.9/5 - Plenty of seatingService 3.7/5 - inconsistent, sometimes very fast, sometimes notFood - 4.8/5Dan Dan Noodles 4.9/5 - one of the best dishes hereWonton Soup 4.4/5 - Light but and the wontons are deliciousDumplings in Chili Oil 4.9/5 Chicken Garlic Sauce Style 4.9/5 - by far their best entree, the black mushrooms are incredible and the sauce is great
I don't know what Han Dynasty adds in their food, but I'm always craving to come back for more. I also love the fact that there is almost never a wait here. After coming to Han Dynasty for probably over 20 times now, I must say that they do have dishes that are good vs dishes that aren't so good. So if you're here because of the Yelp Ratings, make sure you also know what to order. Here are a few dishes I'd recommend:Dan Dan Noodles - it's more of a sweet sauce with a hit of spice that I really enjoy. I believe they don't use the real authentic dan dan noodles but nonetheless, I've always enjoyed this dish at Han Dynasty and they do it much better than other places in New York. Cabbage with Chili Oil - If you know what to expect, then you'll love this dish. This dish really reminds of Szechuan flavors where the cabbage has your regular salt + garlic in all stir fry veggies but then a dash of the chili and it makes me craving for more. Fish with Black Bean Sauce - personally, I think their black bean sauce stir fry is their best stir fry dishes. Their black bean sauce is so good and I really want to ask them what brand of black bean canned sauce they use so that I could buy it for myself! The other dishes I'd recommend at Han Dynasty are there beef & tripe in chili oil, scallion pancakes, fried dumplings, garlic sauce stir fry, and scallion style stir fry.Personally, I wasn't a huge fan of their dry pot and cumin style dishes.
Just discovered this place and I'm so pleased that I did.  The food here is so so great.  Ordered a couple of different things, the Dan Dan noodles and the Crispy Rice with Shrimp.  Both are amazing.  I think I lean more toward the Crispy Rice and Shrimp dish.  There are huge shrimp and this makes this a hearty dish...not too much from stopping me from eating enough of this and some of the noodles.  Dont come here if you arent hungry. You will most definitely not leave here hungry.  Its delicious.
I would have given a 5 star as the food was outstanding and the lunch service started out very good. One waitress made up for our waiters distraction, which was nice. Had a heck of time getting the check.We loved the Chung po Chicken, scallions of beef and the shrimp fried rice.
There's something sincere at the core, but execution is pretty bland.  Perhaps they have tailored the presentation and seasonings to anticipate the neighborhood tastes.  Big loud room.  Greeters never make eye contact.  Friendly service.The food is mild in seasoning and selection of ingredients.  Nothing speaks out of a specific cultural identity.Room is very large and very loud, even when not full.
Wow! What a great find on the upper West side. We were craving Chinese and just yelped this one up. Very solid with a gorgeous space and good service. The menu has good vegetarian options. Our soup and spicy tofu dish were layered with rich schzechuan flavors. The food was spicy but not simply hot. The sauces had tremendous depth of flavor. This is a very solid and reasonably priced option in this neighborhood!
Dan Dan is amazing!Han dynasty is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants. The have other locations in NYC and Philly but this spot on the UWS is by far the fanciest. Every time I go here I get great service, food, and drinks. I think you can tell already in a fan! The prices are also very fair.When you walk in here you will notice the extremely high ceilings and moldings on the walls. There can be a wait but I'm usually seated very quickly. I always go for the Dan Dan noodles which are some of the best I have ever had and another dish the sticky rice with chicken is sticky deliciousness and the garlic chicken is garlic perfection. Literally everything you get here will be good and affordable. In short:- great food- great service- fair prices- very cool ambiance on the inside
A friend and I have a tradition to pick a cuisine after every gym class we go to and tonight we decided on a "relatively healthy" Chinese meal.  My friend raved over Han Dynasty and loved a couple of their dishes so much I let him take the lead on ordering for the both of us.  We were already in the neighborhood and already liked how it's in a prime location on the same block as the 1 train and M86 and M104 buses.  The front entrance is the perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover because although it looks like it could be a dreary place it's the opposite.  Walking in was a large entry way that led to a small lounge and bar area.  You may need a reservation if you're in a group of 4+ but since we were two, we were seated straight away.  Walking past the bar full of old, tired men we were seated in the main dining area that was well lit with high ceilings and plenty of tables for small and large groups.  What caught my attention was the orchid and glass display in the center of the room and an entertainment room that over looks the entire main dining area.  This place clearly makes the effort to be a well hidden, buttoned up Chinese restaurant!I didn't look over the menu, since my friend new what to order so we ate the following: scallion pancakes, salt & pepper shrimp (delicately battered and served on a bed of minced pepper and onion) and garlic style chicken (sweet, sour and spicy!).  Split between the two of us we paid about $27 each for a large amount of food.  The portions were healthy and my friend took some of the chicken home.  When he asked to pack it up, he requested extra rice but the restaurant gave him a fresh batch of rice instead! I have to admit however, the reason why I didn't opt to take this home for lunch the next day is because I found the chicken to be a bit underwhelming.  However, the shrimp was fantastic - it was essentially tempura shrimp with little bits of peppers and greens - and the scallion pancakes were very bland but not so oily and very flaky (¯\_(ツ)_/¯).  I feel as though this place has potential and if I'm in the area I'll check out their downtown location.
I didn't realize there was good Chinese food on the UWS.  How have I never been here?!?!?I enjoyed a delicious dinner here tonight.  The don don noodles were incredible!  They were able to remove the pork so my veggie friend could also enjoy their fabulous-ness.  I also devoured the wontons in chili oil, scallion pancakes, and pea shoots with garlic.  I would happily order all of the above again - although, the menu is full of tempting options so looking forward to coming back and trying more!  The service was solid and it's a nice open space.
Han Dynasty is one of my go to spots for food and probably one of my favorite spots in NYC. Atmosphere: The restaurant is very elegant and beautifully decorated. It is a great environment for groups.Service: The service is great. Our waitress constantly came to check on us and our food was out within minutes. I am always impressed by how quickly we get our food.Food: The best dan dan noodles I've had thus far are at Han Dynasty. They are pretty great for the price and generously portioned. My #1 recommendation for this place! Great to share and honestly could fill two people up. Their pork dumplings come in a chili sauce and they are delicious. They are equally delicious when fried. Their pots come in different styles and cater to almost every taste. You can choose your favorite flavor and type of meat. I really enjoy the dry pot because of the spice. Their pancakes are also great. I have never had anything I didn't like here.I am a huge huge fan of this place. If you're thinking of a group dinner definitely go. It's amazing!!
Obviously not as authentic as what I ate in Sichuan (or San Francisco, for that matter). They could be more generous with the sauce on the Dan Dan Mien. But all in all, it's pretty tasty. Satisfies my craving for Chinese food. In comparison to most New York restaurants, the portion sizes are hearty.... my stove has been dead for the past few weeks, which has left me no choice but to eat out all the time. Usually I have to spend all of my daily budget on a tiny carton of food which leaves me starving all day. The dishes here can last me over at least a couple meals. The best things to eat here are Dry Pot Chicken and the Hot Sauce Chicken. (The eggplant dish is far too sweet for my taste)
Han Dynasty is my favorite Chinese restaurant outside of Flushing. One of my criteria for good Chinese food is how greasy the dishes are, the less greasy the better. My favorites are the three cup chicken, mapo tofu, and the sesame noodles. The cold sesame noodles are a must for anyone trying Han Dynasty for the first time. The names is slightly misleading because there isn't actually that much sesame in the noodles, instead it has more of a peanut noodle taste with sprinkled sesame not top. I found the dan dan noodles are actually rather mediocre, there's not a good balance of meat sauce and noodle. The atmosphere is pretty fancy with tons of seating! I also love ordering take-out here. The service is good and the orders come out super fast.
The service was decent but the food was pretty disappointing especially after reading so many great reviews. Service:- the front desk was really hectic and disorganized; they don't acknowledge the incoming customers and didn't know which tables to bring us to- the waiting staff was very attentive and quick to bring our drinks and take our orders; they were quick to offer helpful opinions on what to orderFood:- overall the food wasn't overly greasy (which is good!) but the food was generally very very sweet and under salted; I found the flavors a bit underwhelming- Dan Dan noodles: I ordered these because of all the raving reviews and even the waitress noted that they were well known for these noodles. There was a lot of volume but the flavor was very sweet and there was not much depth of flavor. This was a 6/10 on their spicy scale and was barely spicy at all. - Wonton in chili oil: this is generally simply wontons with mainly soy sauce + chili oil but even this dish was too sweet and also not very spicy- Dry pot style: because the previous dishes were not very spicy, we asked for the spice to be anything higher than 10. The dish came and was still not very spicy and too sweet. The dish has chicken, peppers, mushrooms and bamboo shoots. The sauce was underwhelming and the bamboo shoots weren't cooked well enough because they were too hard. However, that being said, the presentation was nice. Ambiance:- very spacious and large rooms with plenty of seating - unlike most smaller/cramped Chinese restaurants there's plenty of space between each table - very western decor (old English looking interior architecture with pillars)Summary:Overall, this restaurant is very popular and I can see why - it's larger and more modern than the typical Chinese restaurant, they offer a spice-level that is compatible with people who don't usually eat much spicy food, and the food is very sweet which may appeal for the typical American tastebuds. This place is great for groups and has pretty good service overall and is bustling on a Friday night. However, if you are truly looking for really good, authentic Chinese food, this is not the place! The flavors are muted/underwhelming, need more salt and have way too much sugar.
I am a big fan of Han Dynasty East Village.  Was very excited to order from their UWS location recently and was EXTREMELY disappointed, to the point where I won't be ordering from there again.  There were issues with every single dish we ordered:-- Dan Dan Noodles - Our order came with maybe one tablespoon of pork for an entire serving of noodles, practically making the dish vegetarian when splitting across multiple helpings.  Unfortunately this dish is a fan favorite for my group, as we dine at Han in the EV often, and so we have come to expect much much better.  The type of noodle they used was also different.-- Dry Pepper Chicken Wings, Dry Pepper Style Tofu - The dry pepper tofu is also another favorite of my group's but the skin on both of these dishes was much too think, I'd say 3 times too think, to the point where we picked it off of the chicken wings to make them more enjoyable.  Real bummer - when you cave and decide to indulge in some fried deliciousness, you don't expect to make it healthier in order to taste better!-- Dumplings in Chili Oil - I love dumplings but these were too tough, if it hadn't been for the yummy chili oil, we would have barely touched these.So sad to not be able to get quality Han when uptown, will be deferring all future Han nights to when we are in delivery range of or dining in East Village.
If you're looking for excellent modern Asian with amazing flavors and the best hospitality in town, then this is your place! Recommend: dumplings in spicy oil, don don noodles, scallion pancakes, and Chinese sauasage are delicious!Must go if looking for Chinese in the UWS!
Dan Dan Noodles could be most overrated dish in NYC, enthused Yelpers notwithstanding.  Mushy mess is what best describes it.  Other dishes not much better.  When complaints are heard about the general decline of Chinese restaurants, Han Dynasty is perfect evidence.  Monster Fish Bowl cocktails are $45.  They are served with two straws and very little alcohol. Service fast and polite.
The best wonton soup I ever had , it came in a nice big bowl with plenty of wontons!My girlfriend had the Fish Dry Pot Style ,which was plentiful and delicious.
What a fun place to go for Lunar new year. Han offers a special menu that has surprising and tasty options. Go with a group to make the most of the family sized portions. Food came out fast and service was good despite the place being at capacity.
My husband and I are in a never ending search for great Chinese food in the city. And although we aren't Chinese nor know much about authentic Chinese food, we've had our fair share of an Americanized rendition of this cuisine - which Han Dynasty falls conveniently into. Needless to say, we were stoked about coming here. Reservations were easy to make, which was a plus. The decor of this place is breathtaking, and unlike most restaurants we've been to. There's a grandness of the place the moment you walk in, and it makes an impression that lasts. Our appetites were high, and we ended up ordering seemingly staples of this place - dan dan noodles, wings, and the spicest chicken dish on the menu. Unfortunately, everything tasted sub par. It was oily, one-dimensional, and forgettable. With that said, I'd come back to try a few different items on the menu. I'm hopeful my second time around will be better!
What a mess this place is. We arrived to a sloppy hostess who acted like she was doing us a favor to walk us to a table and slap dirty menus in front of us. As we were walking to our table the bartender was shoveling rice in his mouth leaning up against the cash register behind the bar. 7 minutes later (in an empty restaurant) a waiter wandered over. He made sure to let us know all the things they didn't have --- like green tea ?? Some other guy walked over and told my daughter to stop playing with chop sticks. This place is awful. We walked out. In a city like NYC with so many wonderful options, don't waste a meal on these jokers.
The UWS location is clean, bright, pleasant, and not super crowded. I've been here twice though and have been underwhelmed by the food both times -- I've been to 3 other of their locations many times (2 in Philly and one in NJ) and all were significantly better than this one (even if they are each a bit inconsistent). Also, cellular service for AT&T somehow does not reach into the dining area of the restaurant, which is a little bit annoying (I'm all for ignoring my phone and focusing on my meal and my companions, but would rather that be my choice instead of being forced by lack of service).
Very disappointed by the food here last night (to be fair, they are still in "soft opening" mode).It's a big space, with widely-spaced roomy tables... normally this would be a plus, but the room felt cavernous with empty areas and a lack of buzz or energy. Service was pleasant but fairly clueless; the waitstaff was young, new and seemed minimally trained / not really engaged with the food / menu.We had 3 dishes. The Dan Dan noodles looked and tasted like Ronzoni spaghetti, and were overcooked to near mushiness. The sauce had decent heat and flavor but was marred by a pronounced sweetness that definitely tasted out of place.We opted for chicken Cumin Style as a shared entree, billed as "Cumin-crusted and stir fried with bell peppers, dry peppers, and onions". Had we not ordered chicken, we would have sworn the dark brown protein slices were beef. This dish was ho-hum -- one dimensional spicing, boring vegetables (including big hunks of bland undercooked bell pepper) and oversalted.Our vegetable side, String Beans w/ Minced Pork, was a poor rendition of this dish. The string beans had no trace of sear (and hence lacked the spots of char that normally help make this dish); they were lightly wizened but had a mushy, limp texture. Instead of glistening with oil they appeared slicked with a slightly congealed milky substance - oof. We left most of it over.Tab with tip and 2 beers came to $66 for two.Not sure what all the fuss is about.
Found a few hairs in my fried rice delivery. I've enjoyed this place a few times in the past and now I'm totally grossed out
Let me start by saying I am a Chinese food expert. The atmosphere was fabulous. The music and decor were trendy and made you believe the experience would be exceptional. The food was pricy, tasteless and the portions were small to say the least. The service was spotty when the bartender could break away from her phone, lap top and food she was actually ok. I
Han Dynasty is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the country, hands down. If you like interesting Chinese food with a kick, this is the place for you. Get the dan dan noodles. Get the cucumbers. Get the sausage app. Get the dry pot chicken. Get the cumin lamb. Get the pickled chili fish. Heck, get it all. You won't regret it!Be sure to say hi to the owners Han and Mark! Great guys who will provide complementary comedy to accompany your feast. Also, for those of you who have been to Legend and are wondering if you should venture away from your go to schezuan spot, forget Legend. It's not even a contest. Their Dan Dan is a disgrace to the entire concept. Go to Han for the real deal. You can thank me later.Did I mention the Dan Dan noodles????*drops the mic*
I went to Han Dynasty for dinner tonight during their soft opening (no alcohol just yet). Since it was their first day, I kept my expectations a little lower and was very forgiving for some of the expected hiccups. They perhaps opened a bit prematurely, though, since service was super slow and the staff seem overwhelmed (although very, very nice). However, once the food came out I was pretty blown away.Here's what we had:5/5 Scallion Pancakes: Easily some of the best scallion pancakes I've ever had.4/5 Wontons in Chili Oil: Very solid appetizer. Just the right amount of spice.5/5 Dan Dan Noodle: Amazing. I may just order this for myself next time. I nearly licked the plate.4/5 Double Cooked Pork Belly: The pork belly was excellent and very generous portions.3/5 Cumin Style Lamb: The lamb was excellent, but overall the dish was a bit dry. You have to really love cumin to go for this style dish. Han Dynasty is a welcome addition to the Upper West Side.
Server wasn't very helpful. Food was tasty but a bit spicy. Server didn't write down our fried rice. Dan Dan noodles had great flavor but were too spicy.
In a city full of tiny overpriced bowls of dan-dan noodles, Han Dynasty heaps a mountain of Szechuan awesomeness on your plate at a very reasonable price. I started coming to this location back when they were in their soft opening and have continued to frequent it. The wait staff and management are very friendly, with quick, accommodating service. Portions are huge, but you'll want to try everything -- so bring friends! I'd definitely recommend the dan-dan noodles, cold sesame noodles and wontons in chili oil for starters. You can't really go wrong on the main dishes -- the dry pot style chicken is a favorite of mine, but the black bean style is also great.
Han Dynasty is by far the best Chinese food I have yet to have in NYC. Each location the owner has he caters to the area, so each menu is slightly different than the other. This spot is brand new and a must have. Every dish the owner recommended were fabulous. I would recommend the Dandan noodles or the double cooked fish. I have nothing but good things to say about the owner and his restaurants. My husband and I have become regulars and are so happy they brought Han Dynasty to the Upper West Side!
Came here for lunch on a Friday and had no problems getting a table. As one Yelper wrote earlier, the space is "cavernous" and a complete 180 from the East Village location. This is a compliment since the East Village locale is nothing to write about, decor wise.On to the food. We shared wontons in chili oil, dry pepper chicken wings, spicy mung bean noodle in black bean sauce and, from the lunch menu, string beans with minced pork, which was my fave. It was plenty of food and service was very good. The food/MSG coma that ensued lingered for a couple of hours.I'd say that this is a good place to go to get your spicy food fix though after a while, all the dishes start tasting the same and you're left with a general feeling of numbness. What I like best about Han Dynasty is the different textures of the food, from the crispy chicken wings to the slippery Dan Dan noodles, which I had another time as part of the tasting menu. It's a good place to go to get your spice on; just don't be surprised by the food coma later and feeling like everything tastes like the same. Kind of one dimensional.
After trying Han Dynasty again I've really fallen in love with it. I've eaten there once and ordered out three times. The spring rolls are great, scallion pancakes, garlic chicken and scallion style beef are so good. The only negative right now is that they do not deliver yet,  their bar isn't up and running and when picking up they don't give chop sticks. As there aren't many other Chinese restaurants on the upper west side- Olliees' jumped the shark after closing both 84th street (RIP) AND 68th, Han is a welcome addition. This is being added to my monthly selection of take out options.
One of my favorite places to eat in the UWS. You cannot go wrong with the food here. It's moderately authentic (better than PF Chang's, close to Manhattan Chinatown), okay in price ($15-$20 for most dishes), and most of all - tasty. For dinner, the portion sizes are pretty generous. I would suggest 3 dishes for every 2 people (one of the dishes can be an appetizer), which will allow you to stuff yourself plus some leftovers. Standouts are the dan dan noodles, the cumin dishes, and the dry hot dishes. String beans are also good. But honestly, I think this place can do no wrong. Everything is just so good. The rice and tea are free and infinite, AS IT SHOULD BE. A word of caution about the lunch special. The quality of the food is the same, BUT the portion sizes are substantially smaller. I actually feel like for the moderate price hike at dinner, you get so much more food that it makes the lunch special not the best deal. Better to order extra for dinner and pack your own lunch special the next day, you know?
It was okay. Not sure if I will go back again. Hostess not very attentive; she was too busy talking to a waiter and noone else acknowledged me. Waitress very attentive and busboys good. Had fried dumplings, dry spicy chicken. It was okay. What I was really appalled by was that we were not served fresh rice. It was leftover rice from another day and not even reheated properly. It was clumpy and dry. I know  my leftover rice- I am Chinese and I have had a fair amount of rice in my day.
We have seen a deterioration in Chinese food over the last decade, but this is a significant exception. We had a number of excellent dishes, really excellent, in fact: dumplings in chili oil, Dan Dan noodles, cumin style lamb (incredible tastes), chicken black bean style (I would've liked a few more black beans), shrimp dried pepper style, snow peapod leaves and Sichuan pickled vegetables.Great to see this good food in our neighborhood.
Beautiful restaurant with great food and great service. The chicken dumplings are excellent. The Dan Dan noodles were interesting and nice to try.
Failed to deliver.  Told me 30-40 minutes when I placed order.  I called after an hour and they said maybe another 30-40 minutes.  Then said would check on my order.  Then left me on hold for 12 minutes and counting.
Great place to come with a group or for an event!  Each dish was different and delicious.  Service was great, the waiter was very attentive and helpful.  Definitely get a few larger dishes to share family-style.
Yummy!  Excellent, fresh food, every time!
The food in Han dynasty is just so delicious! My favorite is Dan Dan noodle, cumin chicken, eggplant with garlic sauce, Dumplings....The prices are reasonable, comfortable sitting , great staffs. I love to be here with my family/ friends as it makes a perfect place for us to enjoy our meal and have a good time!
After my co-worker hyped up the place, I thought it would be really great. I was pretty disappointed and I am willing to believe that perhaps it was what we ordered...- Noodles with Peanut Sauce. This was my co-worker's pick. They were made with linguine pasta and the peanut sauce was more sweet than peanut-ie. Edible, and nothing offensive about it, but not memorable or good, either.- Dan Dan Noodles. My co-worker was not familiar with what this was and I explained to her they are usually hand pulled noodles in a chili sauce with ground meat. Unfortunately, they weren't hand pulled. They were the same linguine type noodles that were in the previous dish.-Chicken in Chili Oil. I thought this was good. The chicken was tender and well poached. The sauce was flavorful, and though an intimidating hue of red, wasn't too spicy. Full of flavor.-Beef Fried Rice. Also something my co-worker wanted to get and I agreed to. Standard Chinese take-out fare, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I wanted something more. The vegetables were clearly frozen. The beef was tender. Overall. Everything we ate was fine. Nothing to write home about, nothing that I'd feel like I HAD to get again. Han Dynasty didn't really capture my attention, and with the UWS's over saturation of restaurants, that might have been it's major flaw. It doesn't make me want more. The wait staff was great and very attentive. I was impressed that they gave you chopsticks first, and one had to ask for a fork. However, they failed to give a bowl. I don't claim to represent all Chinese people, but in my family, chopstick+bowl=meals.
Oh my! Dan dan noodles for life. Don't miss out. I day dream about them. The chili oil dumpling ws not fantastic but the crispy dry chicken was pretty good too but don't leave without ordering Dan dan noodles!
Han Dynasty is a perfect 5 for me! I've been a couple of times now and everything from the beautiful space, great service and delicious food is fantastic. I've tried several items on the menu and I can't wait to try all the others. My favorite thus far is dry-pot-style beef. I could eat this everyday. Han is a welcome addition to the UWS.Edit: Went back again today. I'm obsessed with the beef dry pot. Also ordered the Spicy cucumber. Everything was delicious! The cucumbers are more sweet then spicy. They were a perfect accompaniment to the very spicy dry pot. If you haven't yet tried this place, go now!
Ordered take out and requested "very mild" for the chicken wings. They were incredibly spicy so I have to think my order was wrong. Wouldn't order again in case it was their version of mild!
First time ordering from here and I was very happy! I got the wonton soup in chicken broth and it was light and not greasy. I'm not sure if they had more than two sizes but when I ordered I didn't specify and received a very tall portion, enough to be your appetizer and entree. I also opted for the vegetable lo mein and it was delicious as well.Delivery was extremely fast, in under 15 minutes . Would 100% order from here again.
Food was good.  Ambience was also very nice and restaurant decor was beautiful.  However service was horrible!!! The hostess in the front in charge of seating guests was slow and disorganized.  I gave my name and requested a table for 3.  I was told there would be a 20 minute wait.  After waiting 30 minutes I asked how much longer and she replied she was waiting for larger tables to open.  As I saw several parties of 2 who came after me being seated .  I was a little confused cause there were plenty of large tables empty.  After another 10 minutes hostess was no where to be found.  When I finally was able to speak to the manager he apologized and sat us down right away.  And of course there were a handful of large tables open in the back.  There was also a wait to be served after sitting down at the table.  Overall experience was terrible!!!Food was ok.  Thought this would be one of my neighborhood restaurants I would be frequenting...Will not be returning!  Many other good Sichuan restaurants around with 100 percent better service with equally as good food.
This is a big and beautiful restaurant with pretty tasty Chinese food - all have tofu as an option of there is a vegetarian among you.  Decent beer options.  The service was fine - nothing to write home about but nothing to be too upset about.
The Upper West Side has been starved for good restaurants as even the comfort of quality Chinese food has become non existent. I try the offerings of certain establishments with the hope of stumbling upon a gem but often resort to the depths of lower Manhattan to satisfy my occasional hankering. Han Dynasty offers a menu rife with spicy dishes for those bold enough to test the thresholds of their tastebuds. My only grievance is that the food is relatively expensive. I was pretty satisfied with my take out as I ordered Scallion Pancakes and the Scallion Style Beef which came with white rice. The food was solid for take away. It wasn't greasy and the Scallion Pancakes had a nice and light texture. I'm definitely looking forward to trying other dishes, especially the Dan Dan Noodles.
I've always had great experiences here. I have ordered off of door dash a few times and dined in the restaurant once. The service in the restaurant was second to none.
If you have any religious or dietary restrictions, eat here at your own peril. They sent us meat dumplings despite my saying "no meat no egg" at least a dozen times.Livid, I called and spoke with the manager David (after being on hold for 5 minutes) who refused to tell me how they were going to prevent this from happening again - and reminded me that we are all adults - before putting me on hold because he had to make drinks - thanks for the reminder, now how about acting like one yourself?! His only response was to offer to send us veggie dumplings - no explanation, no reassurances, just some bizarre words about how nobody is perfect.It's a pity because we used to order delivery at least once a week - will be thinking real hard before doing so again. Their loss!
First of all, this place was gigantic. I'm not sure they needed all that space. I went during lunch and there were maybe 10 people. This could pass for a great club/ lounge at night. Ordered dry pot style, crispy rice style, some scallion pancakes and tea. The dry pot style and and pancakes were great. One entree is enough for two, especially with rice. The dry pot style was definitely spicy as advertised, but not overbearing. I dived straight in with no rice. The crispy rice style was a little off for me. Matter of preference maybe. I prefer my food with strong flavors. I'd go back. Food was solid. Service was solid. Prices were solid.
My wife and I are visiting New York City for a Theatre Experience and found the Han Dynasty for dinner. Wonderful food,  classic Szechuan cuisine,  great service, super price, Highly recommend it for anyone looking for great Szechwan Chinese food
Finally a decent Chinese restaurant in the UWS! Came here with 3 others and shared the following items from most to least spicy: Chili oil Beef and tripe, Dan Dan noodles,  Kung pao chicken, pickled chili shrimp, and crispy rice pork. The first two items had a nice burn to them - the others were quite mild. The tripe was surprisingly tasty - nice chili, sesame and cilantro. Ask them to bump up the heat if you like spicy. If you enjoy a nice sour dish try the pickled chili! Cocktails were very good - enjoyed the Han Frisco and their version of the Manhattan. The spacious interior with high ceilings and a mixture of classic and modern touches made for a beautiful ambience. Fast service and rather reasonably priced for the amount of food! Would definitely come back.
One of the better Sichuan Chinese food I have had in the USA . If you like some spice in your food this is a place to go by the UWS
I like the idea that they put dishes in to different "style" categories. However, there are certain combinations that never work well. "Hot Sauce Style" fish and beef are perfectly fine but it's terrible with pork or lamb. "Garlic Sauce Style" with pork is the most traditional way to do it and the other meat options just make it taste odd. They are simply trying so hard to make Chinese food "Chipotle Restaurant" style. It's a hit or miss in ordering. Then, even if you ordered the correct combination, the food is still just mediocre. I've definitely experienced better!
The Dry Pepper Chicken here has dethroned Legend's "Dry Spicy Tasty Chicken" as my go-to Szechuan meal in Manhattan. I pretty much order it every time. The quality and spice level have fluctuated sometimes, I will admit, but the last few visits they've been back on point. Maybe the weak link in the kitchen got "chopped"? I enjoy the wontons and dumplings in chili oil more than the Dan Dan noodles, but I know I'm in the minority on that. (I prefer the style found at Chien Du Tian Fu in Flushing)
If you have a reservation at 8, don't bother showing up til 10. And every dish we tried tasted the same. But that is good because you can save money by just ordering plain rice....which tasted exactly the same as the chicken fried rice and the shrimp fried rice. If you are missing Philly, the name on the door is the same. But this is NYC and we have real Chinese food here.
Better than the East Village location. We've been to the East Village location and something just seems off. This UWS location is spot on. The Dan Dan noodles is amazing! Veggies are SO fresh! Elegant decor and great service. Love this place.
Han Dynasty has great food! I like the ambiance of this place too, since it is in the quiet part of town. We usually get the dumplings in chili oil (so delicious), noodles and hot sauce chicken/shrimp. The hot sauce is to die for - it has cumin, cilantro and a good amount of heat !! The service at this location is really good too.
This place is a gem.  I'm constantly here to get my spicy fix.  I've tried many dishes, always wish I had ordered double.  Huge space, great for groups.
A great new addition to the neighborhood for Sichuan food.  We had what I think was called Spicy Hot Pot and it definitely was. Perfect for two to share.  My wife is from China and she gave it a thumbs up. The atmosphere is much nicer than your typical Chinese restaurant. Not luxurious, but very nice. Would be just as nice a place to go to with a group of friends as with a date.The service was friendly, but needs a bit more polish.  It is still in the soft opening phase so that is understandable.
Pros:Dan dan noodles were tasty and the portion was hugeTaiwanese sausage was delicious Dumplings in chili sauce were average Space his very large and nicely decorated Prices are very reasonable, huge bowl of Dan dan noodles 8.95,dumplings at least 6 were 7.00Manager asked about our food and explained it wellCons:Hostesses were a bit standoffish  not welcoming -almost seemed to encourage us to want to leaveWaiters did not refill water ,had to ask and food was very spicy-don't they know to refill quicker when serving foods like thisWait to be seated and served was longBathroom was filthy
The food here is really good. We came and ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Garlic Sauce Shrimp, Sauteed Pea Shoots, and Spicy Crispy Cucumbers. The Dan Dan Noodles - I had read about these noodles in every review of this place, and I enjoyed them immensely. The sauce was delicious, spicy, savory, and just all out good. The only problem I had with them was that the noodles were a bit too soft for my liking. I like my noodles to have a nice pull or chew to them, and these were kinda soft. My best friend would have loved them though, since she likes her noodles softer. I would still order these again. Spicy Crispy Cucumber - Very flavorful. The sauce was spicy, and the spice contrasted nicely with the cooling effect of the cucumber. But...., the sauce was a bit too garlicky. Garlic Sauce Shrimp - Delicious sauce, garlicky, well cooked shrimp. A fail-safe dish.Sauteed Pea Shoots - Fresh and delicious, and of course garlicky.All of the food here if very garlicky, so if you love garlic, you will love this food. I really enjoyed the food here, but I hope that they cut down a bit on the garlic. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes.
Dan Dan Noodles.  Great venue.  Scallion pancakes.  Excellent service.  Wontons in chili oil.  Good prices.  Dan Dan Noodles (I repeat).  Katrin out.
Space is beautiful.  Spacious to say the least. Inventive, non-pedestrian food.   Dry pepper chicken wings are a must.  Dumplings delicious also.  We had Beef Scallion Style and Chicken  Crispy Rice Style. Wish we had more people and could have tried other dishes.  Service was attentive without being overbearing.  Can't wait to go with a larger group to try more dishes, especially the homemade noodles.
Can't believe I finally found a Szechuan restaurant that is peanut-allergy friendly!!!!! I grew up avoiding dan dan noodle because the sesame paste is often mixed with nuts. I was surprised when the server was 100% confident that their dan dan noodle and tofu fish boil had no peanut...i had never seen a Chinese restaurant that sure about peanut traces so I went for it. The dan dan noodle and tofu fish boil tasted amazing, it had the taste of sesame paste but NO PEANUT at all. I'm still amazed. Thank you Han Dynasty for caring for people like me.
A very spacious restaurant. The service was quite attentive. The cold sesame noodles were very good. I'm looking forward to returning.
Went with large family group at five on New Year's Eve and were told they could let us have a table but only if we could be done by seven, because it was reserved. Nice welcome. My impression was that there is only one flavor: Sichuan peppercorn. While that is a nice spice, it became fairly monotonous. Shrimp dry fry (hot pot in a spicy sauce) was best of our dishes. Scallion tofu featured "tofu gan" or dried tofu, which was nice surprise. Pickled vegetable appetizer appeared to be cabbage with mayonnaise and more Sichuan peppercorn; not great. Salt and pepper squid was calamari rings solidly battered in rice flour: edible but not correct for the dish ordered. Pleasant atmosphere/decent service. Food ho-hum, or in Chinese, ma ma hu hu.
Han Dynasty is yummy.  No shocker, since the restaurant's original location is in the excellent food city of Philadelphia.  The ingredients are fresh and good quality, and the food has a lot of flavor (not spicy just to be spicy, but spicy also with flavor).  Great beer and wine selection, and a really nice staff.  I like going there, but ordering is good too.
Terific Chinese restaurant. Certainly the best on the upper west side.
The best food Szechuan food in the area. The beef noodle soup is the most authentic compared to any other Szechuan restaurants in the uws. The wait staff was tentative and the food arrived very quickly on a Friday night. I'm definitely coming back!
Dan Dan noodles were a delightful opener and the fried dumplings were above average in both taste and size. Waiter was attentive and looked like Gary Busey's son.  Pleasurable experience, the Ming Dynasty should take note. Four Stars.
Love this place. Fast service. Great food. I usually get the DryPepper Chicken or Fish... The Cumin Lamb, Dan Dan Noodles, Beef soup... all good..
Not bad, large Dan Dan main portion, got a beef something and the beef pieces weren't my favorite, a bit fatty... Huge space, formal atmosphere. Nothing was amazing with the food but overall not bad. I've been to their ones in philly which were more impressive
So disappointed, ordered pick up of veggie noodles. I specifically asked if it has a lot of veggies and was told it does. Got home, opened the box and it's just a box full of dry noodles, I counted maybe 3 tiny pieces of vegetables. Threw nearly all of it away.
Went there the other night with a friend that was visiting from Queens. He had never been to that location. Got the mapo tofu, pepper fried chicken and dan dan noodles. Been here at least 20 times but the worst experience in terms of food quality. And it sucked because I told my friend how good it was prior to coming and we waited at the bar for 30 minutes to be served less than mediocre food. I was so disappointed on so many levels. Mapo tofu was the best of the three, still mediocre. The usually excellent dried pepper chicken was so sorry. It was a small portion than usual. I can let that slide. But we weren't served any real chicken. It was mostly batter. I told the manager, in which he repied what do you mean. I took a piece of chicken and bit half of it off and showed him. He said he would take it off the check. Which is fine. He told me next time, I should tell them in advance if I am served batter instead of chicken so they can exchange it for me before eating. hmmm. the hustle is real. But David the bartender is one of the best guys in the city, he takes his job seriously and is always a pleasure to see. But I don't come to a restaurant for the friendly faces, no offense. I come to eat quality food. Maybe I shouldn't come when its so busy. My mistake.
This has become our go-to place in the neighborhood. Very tasty scallion pancakes. Lots of great mains (occasional miss like rubbery octopus) and the food comes out hot, temperature-wise, one of my favorite features in any restaurant. The bar area is relaxed and bartenders Dave and Simon attentive and fun. I love to sit up there and dine with husband.  Prices are reasonable. One star off for overly noisy large main seating area.
really liked the food - drinks somewhat overpriced. Somehow they can not overcome the shabbiness of cheap chinese restaurants. Carry the boxes of ingredients to the back and get rid of the menu that is taped to the entrance door - make it a little nicer!
Very good service, ambience and value. The flavor is a bit westernized but still pretty delicious.
dan dan noodles are just way too good, and addictive. me and my friends go there at least once a month. and this is the best location, for sure!!
Best Chinese food in the UWS. On the authentic side. Interior is a bit weird as they have a ton of space that isn't utilized, but it would also be great for larger groups due to their large tables and space. I just wish they used seamless or grubhub!
Came for the monthly tasting and it was unreal! So much food and they were great with a no shellfish/ pork dietary restriction. Cannot wait to return for another dinner!
We've eaten in and have done take out, giving Han Dynasty three tries to show us what everyone seems to like about it. But each time, it has not been good. We kept thinking maybe we were ordering the wrong dishes but nothing we got was really good. All in all, very greasy and some of the dishes are cloying -- the pickled chili tofu did not come with cucumbers or bamboo, as the menu said, but with edamame, a slather of bright red artificial paste, and a lot of MSG. The lo mein and scallion pancakes were super, super greasy. The vegetables were overdone. The three cup chicken not worthy of the praise the waiter gave it. The kung pao was the best of the lot, but meh. The only really good thing (hence 2 stars) was the service -- very attentive and friendly.
Very good food. Excellent menu with lots of choices for style of dish. Had  the dumplings in oil based on other reviews. We were not disappointed.
One of my favourite Chinese food chains, good authentic Szechuan cuisine. This location's interior feels more upscale than their east village location but the food is delicious at both.
We really wanted to be a regular here (since we were a regular for the philly one before moving), but I don't think we will be coming back. We've been to this location about three times and my husband always gets cumin style chicken, that's his absolute favorite. First time we got it here the texture was perfect (A little Crispy on the outside). Second time, it was soggy. We called the manager and Kevin very kindly told us the reason and fixed it for us right away. He advised that IF it happens again we should tell the kitchen to cook the chicken in very VERY HOT oil. The next time we came here they didn't get it right again but we followed Kevin's instructions and they redid it for us, crispy. And today, we ordered the same one and it came soggy again, our very kind server took it back to the kitchen, and when it came out again it was still soggy and very very salty. Ther was no way we could eat it. We ended up ordering something else which tasted alright. While their customer service is amazing, their Food consistency is always like a gamble, we don't want to come back. We will just go to the philly one when we are there..
Personal favorite Chinese food spot in Manhattan. Some of the funky stuff you normally wouldn't (fish soup) is incredible.
Only reasons I didn't give yet possibly 5 I didn't try their drinks and (I believe) they didn't have dessert. As my date and I were in the city as usual on beautiful Sunday we decided we wanted Chinese. Passing by Upper West Side I bookmarked this place awhile ago we decided to finally try it. As we enter in it was quiet as expected on Sunday evening. Pass the bar greeted by everyone worked there from the the waiters to the bartender. The bar was beautiful and spacious. As we enter the dining area its HUGE! Tall ceilings lovely architectural walls, amazing center piece. I wish it was a fish tank I was telling my date that the whole night :-)As we was seated we was all at awe from the beautiful ambiance and was soon presented tea. It was pretty good but needed little sweetener. We looked over the menu and we was hesitant to try new things and wanted to share. Therefore we decided to go for the Braise rib soup w Bok Choy, fried dumplings, house special fried rice and dry pepper wings. The food came out fairly decent time which happy about because that's sign its fresh. The Braise rib soup and dumplings arrived. The soup was GIGANTIC!! Enough to serve as just an entree. My date enjoyed it a lot and I had to see what the rave was about so I decided to taste. It was extremely flavorful. The broth was so rich and dedicate. You taste every aspect of ginger. Next we try the fried dumplings. They were tasty as well nice thin layer flavored of pork and scallions. Soon after the house fried rice came out with the dry pepper wings. WARNING!!!! The wings were extremely spicy. My date didn't enjoy the heat of them. Me personally I did w the crushed peppers. It comes w 6 great for sharing with the rice but my date only had half 1 because she couldn't tolerate the spice. The rice was great pieces of pork, chicken, squid, veggies. It was bit dry but that's ok because we place some of the broth from the soup on top and it really edged it over the top. Overall the service was great. Very kind, polite and not intrusive. Like I stated before I noticed no dessert menu was presented to us not sure if they serve any. We enjoyed the quiet evening tho I feel it may get loud if it's typical busy Friday/Saturday night. We will def be back to try the 15 COURSE meal night for $40 per person every 1st Monday of the month.
This place is amazing, the chicken wings with Szechuan peppercorns is out of this world. I'm craving them right now. Very friendly service.
Have been here more times than I should probably admit to. Consistently delicious, albeit greasy, Szechuan food. The scallion pancakes, spicy cucumber, and dry pepper chicken are always on point. Spacious venue, so it's never been difficult getting a table even at the last minute. Will be back!
The only problem with Han Dynasty was their delivery time. Having made it online, they have now really improved it. Food is great. Try the Cumin Tofu. Ask for vegetarian dumplings in chili oil.
Love the garlic shrimp with white rice and the dumplings were amazing. The food came out extremely fast, which is always a good thing because I was starving. Plenty of people inside enjoying the atmosphere. Inside is beautiful. The employees were very friendly and cheerful.
Best Chinese on the UWS. Fantastic lunch specials as well.
I fully agree with the other reviews that attest to the high quality of the food...It is one of my favorite places to dine at or order home delivery from. There are two additional things I want to add about the place. One is that Han Dynasty has a great roomy bar area away from the diners which makes it perfect for a gathering of friends. They also offer the option of eating at the bar...which is fun.Secondly, Han Dynasty is a wonderful place to host a special event. I was so impressed with a party I attended there a few months ago that I decided to host one for my adult son's birthday. The staff was extremely professional and there was something wonderful about how hard they worked to insure the event was successful. I mainly dealt with Kevin and throughout the numerous phone calls, emails and visits I made to make changes with the time, menu, number of guests etc, he patiently adjusted, giving me needed advice while managing to kept me calm and confident. Kevin and the rest of the staff are truly impressive and it is very obvious that they take great pride in doing a good job regardless of one's budget. I look forward to hosting more events there.
Some of the best Chinese food I've had. . . Possibly ever.  Dishes were fresh, bright, and creative.  Spicy dishes had a good, even, flavorful heat.  Nice cocktail selection.  Beautiful restaurant space.  Eat family style so you can try as many dishes as possible. . . but you may find yourself fighting over who gets to take home the leftovers!
Had a meal to kill time before going to the movie. Had sautéed beans, spicy sauce fish, and 3 cup chicken. Not impressive and not really authentic Chinese. The deco has a hint of Old Shanghai and quite upscale. Overall speaking the dining experience is okay.
What a delightful experience, lunching on a summer Sarurday in a nearly empty Han Dynasty.  The space was airy and bright.  The service was helpful and extraordinarily attentive.  The portions fed two and to spare.  The seasoning was deft and allowed the other ingredients to shine through.  All in all, a wonderful experience.
This is our new favorite Chinese restaurant. Service is very nice and attentive. The food is amazing. The salt and pepper chicken and dan dan noodles are my most favorite. Will come again and again.
I took my fiancée here for date night. The dining room is surprisingly huge for a New York establishment. We were seated in seconds. We ordered some drinks, it arrived in a few seconds. We ordered some vegetarian dumplings for appetizers, they arrived in a few seconds and were quite tasty. And for the entrée I ordered the dry pot chicken and it arrived in a few seconds too. I really am amazed as to how fast the order was cleared. I wonder if the food is cooked and ready in the back like in  buffet, and just portioned out as people walk in (but I don't think that is the case, I think I just lucked out and hit the kitchen when they were relatively free).  In any case, the food tasted amazing. My fiancee is "vegetarian" (within air quotes). She was simply all over the dry pot chicken. That is a testament for how delicious that dish was. The hot red chilli peppers and the sichuan peppercorns were just fiery yumminess. (I asked them to tone down the 10 star spice level on the dish to 8, and I am happy I made that call.) And finally when I asked for the check, guess what I got that within seconds too. Dinner was quick and efficient. Date night was over within minutes. I wasn't rushed by the staff or anything, but I did feel that my meal ended before I wanted it to. I will still put that minor issue aside and give it a 5 star rating because the amazing food and the lightning quick service deserve nothing less.
I heard quite a bit about how great this restaurant was before coming here. I am glad to say I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked this restaurant. Upon entering, the ambiance of Han Dynasty had not given off the whole "Chinese" vibe. Being more upscale, the restaurant was beautiful enough to convince me otherwise. After being given aromatic tea and viewing the menu, I immediately knew I was going to enjoy it. I had the crunchy cucumber, flavored sweetly and was crunchy enough to satisfy me. Truly, it was excellent. As a person who does not like Cucumbers, this dish impressed. Han Dynasty also wowed with its other dishes. Varying on spice levels, the hot pot was literally a dish on fire. But it was the tastiest fire I have ever had. Additionally, the cumin tofu dish was unbelievable. Although the cumin flavor was a tad overpowering, I have never had more authentic Chinese food. I was glad to come here and thoroughly enjoyed my experience. I would gladly return to Han Dynasty again.
Okay, a second visit was SOOOO much better, yum! We avoided the Dan Dan noodles this time and got the braised beef spicy noodle soup and the dry pepper chicken. Both were GREAT hits. The beef spicy noodle soup had amazing flavor (given this isn't exactly a Taiwanese restaurant) and was a very generous portion. The dry pepper chicken hot pot was on the money. I loved the presentation with the sterno flame, and the sauce and spices were dynamic, flavorful, and we lapped up every bit that we could. I am much happier this time around and the waiter we had was much more attentive as well.
Nicer atmosphere than your typical Chinese restaurant. Dan Dan noodles were excellent the scallion pancakes were very good the rest of the food was tasty but very oily.
The food is terrific, and the workers are very hard working. I really enjoyed my time there. The space is a lot bigger than the east village restaurant, so more people can eat at the same time. Thank you! I am excited for it to develop more.
I only ordered take out so I can't comment on the dining experience.  I ordered the dry fry style with tofu and the dan dan noodle and both were delicious! The dry fry, though it may sound extremely spicy had a good kick and flavor to it and wasn't overly spicy.  Excited to order from here again!
Came here beacause reviews were good however I found the quality of the food very average and nothing to write home about. It did not have the flavor of authentic ethnic asian food. The food was very spicy too. If the overall experience was Ok, I wont be going back.
We thought all the items we've ordered have been totally delicious: scallion pancakes, spicy cucumbers, Kung pao, garlic style sauce. The delivery times are fast but their menu is unclear and prices are a little high.  All in all, nice to have a higher end (and hopefully cleaner) Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood.
Great Szehuan food! Great ambiance and great service!
I was so excited to have Han Dynasty in my neighborhood and was craving Dan Dan noodles since I read it opened. I went this afternoon to pick up two orders and discovered they aren't the same as the ones downtown. They're really different, but I spoke to the owner and I'm hoping that they will make a change to the ones uptown. I will definitely go back to try them again
A very different experience of Chinese food. Great destination for foodies.
The food Gods heard my plea and finally now there is a good Chinese restaurant in this area! Ok, there are some oddities...the large dramatic space that feels a bit incongruous with a not high end Szechuan restaurant, the mostly non-Asian waiters and the strangely set-up menu...and why no hot and sour soup? But...the dish I had...tofu hot sauce style...was so delicious and authentically done (and such a large serving!), that I could care less about these things. My server recommended the hot sauce style as working best with tofu and he couldn't have been more right. After having only tried one dish here, I didn't feel right in giving it 5 stars yet, but I'll be back to try more.
It was okay. Spicy, liked that. But pretty oily and difficult to order from.
As a native New Yorker I can truly say Han Dynasty serves at least equal to the best Chinese I've had in New York City.  The chef recently came from China.  The food is consistently, extremely well prepared.  There are great dishes that are very spicy and those that are not at all.  The layout is spacious and the staff are friendly.  The prices are mid range with good value.  The restaurant is accessible.  I know people who go at about once a week.  They now deliver but the food is better in person.
Very high quality food in a nice room with attentive waiting staff. Last time I was here I had really good wonton soup and a lovely beef hot pot. Definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants on UWS.
Guys, I went to this place tonight with my family, what can I say - It was horrible!The place was dirty, and appears like its been used by 4 other restaurants, each rehanging their own posters.  The service, for each and every of them since Deans- is less and less experienced, and poorly dressed.  The food was actually OK, but the distractions insurmountable.This location is doomed!
Okay, I am sorry Han Dynasty UWS. Due to their website malfunction, their UWS location phone number provided on their website was actually from their East Village location. So the rude guy on the phone was from the East Village location! Employees at the UWS location seem much nicer with good manners. I have not tried the food yet, but according to my friend who went to pick up the food at the location say people look really nice different from the guy on the phone from the village location. I will try their food, and I will still leave the four starts if the food is good :)
Went to Hans dynasty based on reviews. First had the dry chicken dish everyone raved about.it was so deep fried and overcooked wasn't good at all. So I also ordered a fish dish, think slow cooked, that also a deep fried mess. Changed that dish for chicken black bean sauce. Ok tasting but nothing special. Will never be back and I don't get why it's so popular
We were really looking forward to finally having an authentic and quality Szechuan restaurant on the UWS but have been disappointed in our two experiences at Han Dynasty.Scallion pancakes:  OK but too oily.Dan Dan noodles: Too soft and oily.  Better cold the next day after draining the oil.Cold sesame noodles:  Good the first time with just enough sauce. The second time, mushy and soggy,  as a result of being drowned in cloying sauce. Inconsistent!Scallion style chicken: Nice flavor but tiny portion size.  A ripoff for the price.Double cooked style chicken: Weird flavor and another insufficient portion size.Excruciating headache from the MSG!If only  Broadway Szechuan were still in business!
Ugh, what a waste. Someone recommended this place to me, and the only thing positive to say about it was the food was fresh. Too bad it didn't taste that good. 4 out of 5 dishes were disappointments. It's also over-priced.If you're looking to eat a chain restaurant staffed with hipsters in flannel shirts, look no further than Han Dynasty. If you want actual Chinese food, I recommend Charlie Mom's on W. 11th and 6th.
I just moved back to NYC from Philly a year ago, so I was super thrilled that Han Dynasty is not only in NYC now, but that it's practically next door from my apartment!They're still in their "soft opening" stage in the UWS location, so things aren't perfect...but there are still a lot of great favorites like the pea shoots stir fried with garlic, dan dan noodles (they're different from the other locations in Philly/downtown for some reason...every place has a slightly different sauce/balance of flavors?), and spicy fish. Today's dry pot fish (normally a highlight in the other locations) was weird...it was soupy, which I've never seen before, yet bland, and had none of that ma-la numbing Sichuanese peppercorn that the other locations use.Nevertheless, I'm sure it'll only get better...and is an awesome nearby option (yay for tasty Chinese food in UWS).
Good addition, though the quality is so-so. Dan dan noodles are over-cooked and too soft and mushy. Otherwise, the flavors are good. The dry pepper chicken is more wet than dry. Not sure if that was intended.
Came back second time and had a wonderful lunch. The meal portions were much smaller but many good lunch special items on menu. It's not crowded and the decor is really nice and place clean. Rest room is clean as well.
YES!!!! THANK YOU!!!! YES!!!!HAN DYNASTY UPPER WEST SIDE, How great is this? No more waiting an hr and a half, same food, larger space,  same great staff, feels like home- taste like spicy heaven. Please come up here if you are a han dynasty fan. This is amaxing. Dave the bartender from downtown is here, Jeff is here... beyond elated! Oh today they got their liquor liscence today!!!
Fantastic time, and superb food. Spot on service, and great fun chatting with owner Mark. Wishing them big success, and looking forward to many more visits.
Great food. Great service. The food was nice and hot. The waiters friendly and attentive and the price/value was great.
We had a really good meal at Han Dynasty the other night.  It is excellent for vegetarians.  Our favorite was the Kung Pao tofu. The space also is terrific. It is so large and spacious that you feel like you are in the suburbs.  I'll definitely go back soon.
Is it the BEST in NYC.  No but it is pretty close!
What a joke.  Screwed up my order.  Waited 45 min and they didn't have it.  They'll be out of business by 2016
I must start with a qualifier.  My wife's nephew is a manager here.  With that out of the way...A big fancy space for a Chinese restaurant. I do not know which restaurant was here before but this is a very nice space.  Double high ceilings and cool woodwork  on the walls.  This is nice, but if you do not like the food it does not help.  As the old commercials for the Horn & Hardart automat/cafeteria used to say "You can't eat atmosphere"  We decorate you on the inside. This place has the good food to back it up.At 4:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday, 2 cars and a minivan found metered parking right in front!  I have not spent a lot of time on the Upper West Side in a while but that was like pot of gold at the end of the rainbow to start.  Like the Seinfeld dream spot for 3 vehicles.  There is a host station as you enter and you will be charmingly greeted. We were a party of 12 including 3 kids and were seated in the back at a round table with a turntable in the middle for passing food around.  A great system, what goes around comes around.OK. Now lets get to the food.From my experience at the old town Philadelphia and Cherry Hill NJ locations my must haves are Dandan noodles, and MaPo Tofu.  These are unmatched in not only flavor, which compels you to keep eating when you know you should stop, but the texture that just rings a chord in your senses telling you that this is what a food experience should be.  A really big selection for beers and wines.  I had a dark porter that was syrupy and a trace chocolaty malty deep flavored, like drinking pumpernickel.  My first sips gave me a slight buzz. They made a milder and meatless Dandan for the kids and the less adventurous or non spice minded.  There were also super cold sesame noodles and a nice hot (temperature) Lo mein.The spicy crispy cucumber was a hit with all. Even the kids liked it.  Scallion pancakes (mild), fried dumplings and spring rolls kept the kids very happy.A real highlight was the Salt and Pepper Shrimp.  A very lightly coated large fried shrimp.  Totally non greasy and light with some very finely shredded veggies.  The freshness and texture of the shrimp were perfectly set up by the veggies.Double cooked fish was really good too as was the 3 cup chicken.  For what it is worth there was nothing not to recommend, just calibrate to your spice preference.That is all I remember, I should have taken notes but is was a family visit with people coming from different countrys and cities so the focus (for them) was on the visit. I live an hour and a half away and will be returning. this place is great!
food was just alright but maybe good for NYC Chinese.
The interior is very pleasant, airy and spacious; it used to be Dean's, home of good pizza and many UWS kids' birthday parties. Staff was accommodating and friendly, but the food was a disappointment, especially after the great reviews.The scallion pancakes were delicious, if greasy.  Sadly, every dish was swimming in oil. The flavor of the food is completely overwhelmed by an excess of pure oil -- when the sauce separates, you could see about 3/8 inch of oil floating on top of it all. What a lost opportunity.
I am Taiwanese and we live near by Han Dynasty.  I have had lunch there with friends and families several times  and I have to say it is a disspointment to me.  The food is ok, nothing exceptional.  I ordered the three cup chicken which is supposed to be a specialty from taiwan and it doesn't taste anything like it is supposed to be.  What bothers me the most is  the lunch portion is really really small.   I am not a big eater but I always feel it is not enough food after getting a lunch special there.  We always have to a couple appetizers to feel full.  The Dan Dan noodle everyone is raving about to me is just noodles with peanut sauce in hot chilly oil, not authentic at all.
The food was OK. Not what I expected from the rave reviews on yelp. The scallion pancakes were fine, but nothing to write home about, certainly not the best I've ever had. I had a tofu dish that was unremarkable enough that I can't remember what it was called, but the "waiter" said its spicy like tabasco. What killed it for me was the giant cockroach that ran out from under the center banquet and across the dining room floor. Then the "waiter" stomping on it in front of our table and the unappetizing crunch sound. I use quotes around the title waiter, because I don't think anyone there had ever worked in a restaurant before. Maybe they were nightclub bar backs because the guys all looked shlubby in wrinkled black t-shirts. It took them FOREVER to get to our table after we wait for almost an hour to be seated. Everyone working there looks like a deer caught in the head lights. I won't be going back any time soon. The food and experience are much better at Canteen 82 on Columbus or at Shun Lee by Lincoln Center.
My face is going to fall off...and I mean that in a good way. For more than a month last winter, I was ordering delivery from this place about 4 times per week--usually getting the same dishes--cold crispy cucumber and the dry pepper chicken.  I have tried many items, but those are my favorites, though sometimes the dry pepper shrimp is what I am craving. They are honest about the spice level.  Some of these items are not for the spice-adversed or faint of heart.  The spice is so good that while your mouth is burning, you are anxiously waiting for your next addictive bite. They may have some more bland options, but I have never tried them.  They also have a very good tasting menu on the first Monday of the month.  This $40 all-you-can-eat deal is a great experience.  There you are in a spacious, clean and well-appointed restaurant, but then they bring out many courses--some that you may never have tried before.  Yum! What a great way to try new things. Who would of thought that cold beef tripe in chili oil is a real delicacy? If your party is big enough, you will have your own table, but for smaller groups you are seated with others.  I have always found the people who go to this to be good company. And if your tablemate got a little greedy with the dan-dan noodles, don't worry, they will bring out more until everyone is satisfied. However, delivery is where this restaurant really shines for me, however the fact that they do not deliver at lunchtime makes this otherwise terrific place get a 4 instead of 5 star rating.
First,  all the staff from the front door to the waiters are excellent!  Kind courteous and attentive.  The food was  another story.  I do not know how this place maintains such a great reputation. Spicy cucumber salad was very good, but more like a "3-4" on the spice scale, not the "7" listed. My girlfriend loves noodles and raved about the Dan Dan noodles, however it seems the noodles on the UWS are different from the noodles they serve at the downtown location [I think they are less spicy].  She liked them, but I was not impressed.  Imagine our surprise when the next morning she awoke with food poisoning!  I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and asked what was the difference between that and the braised beef noodle soup.  I was told just the spiciness.  It was listed as a spicy level of "5".  The soup came and it was this oily mess with a lot of chopped chilies, the spice level was closer to "8".  I returned it and got the braised beef soup, but not before the manager made a snide comment that I ordered it knowing it was spicy.  I explained that it was more spicy than they had indicated and that it was way too oily.  Anyway got the braised noodles.  Exact same dish, just no spice.  Immediately it became apparent that the dish needed some spiciness, because the broth was one dimensional with no depth or complexity. Really, this was so bland as to make packaged ramen noodles broth packets seem gourmet.  The worst part was the meat.  It had so much gristle and connective tissue that it was inedible.  Tendons and fascia got caught in my teeth to the point it was like eating dental floss.  I have never, ever eaten such poor quality meat in a restaurant, and I have eaten in many third world countries. The only good part was I did not get food poisoning like my girlfriend. My girlfriend might go back for the Dan Dan noodles, but she will have to go without me.
Love the friendly faces here, including the owner. This place is going to be awesome just like all the other wonderful locations! So excited they came to the UWS
We just got back from eating lunch here, and I just had to post a review. We're so happy this place opened on the upper west side and will be eating here often! They bring out tea as soon as you're seated, and the menu - which we found was very reasonable in terms of pricing - has something for everyone. I know they're known for their spicy offerings but they also have non-spicy dishes as well. We ordered the dumplings in chili oil, the dan dan noodles and the dry pepper chicken and left so satisfied. Everything was spicy and flavorful without being overpowering. We're excited to try out other things on the menu next time we visit. Members of the wait staff were also very pleasant, attentive, and professional.
THE. BEST. CHINESE FOOD. IN MANHATTAN!They specialize in spicy comfort dishes like ma po tofu and dan dan noodles, but will adapt the spiciness on any dish and have the classics as well. Fried pork dumplings completely greaseless and made with lean ground pork. They have several vegetarian dishes for those who want. Great food served cleanly and professionally in a gorgeous sophisticated space with a nice bar as well, so it is not like Shun Lee where everything is QUIET and you feel very stiff. This is not Beijing Duck House - no duck or mongolian food. But it is very, very good at what it does.Relax with some fantastic food and an ice cold beer or martini. It's worth a trip across town.
I was in the uws visiting some friends. They took me to hans and I had a wonderful evening. I felt the food was high quality and coming from out of town I did not think the prices were too high relative to nyc standards.  The Dan Dan noodles are better than advertised. It's hard to stop eating them! If only they had a Hans in Boston I would frequent monthly!
Authentic Chinese food. You might think it's a bit pricier than regular Chinese food, but definitely the quality of food is worth the price. Service is great as well. Definitely coming back! Try - Dry Pot Style with Pork.
My favourite dishes are Cumin Lamb (Spicy) and Eggplant/Garlic style (not spicy). It is a great environment to eat dinner with with family/friends. The staffs are very friendly!!!Go Han Dynasty@@Rock NYC@@
Came here with my two sons a few days ago, on a Friday. Though most restaurants would normally make people wait a good 30+ minutes to be seated, with Han Dynasty being very spacious and having good service, we only had to wait a couple of minutes. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, which has a spicy level of "3".This restaurant is unique with it having a "spicy meter" to indicate the spiciness of the meal. Which is great because if you don't like something insanely hot, you can see what you can order in your "spice range" The food came quick, even while ordering a lot of things for a small party. The spices used in the food were splendid giving it an exotic yet graceful tasteMoreover, the waiters and waitresses were kind and catered to your liking, allowing you to get a normally level 8 dish, and bringing it down to a level 3.Overall the place is great with a beautiful scenery, great food, and great service
Outstanding service and amazing food. I will say that the dishes weren't as spicy as the original spot in Philly, but still top notch! The crispy cucumbers are the stuff dreams are made of, and the Dan Dan Noodles, YUM! Also tried the Scallion Style Chicken and Garlic Sauce Shrimp which were both mouth watering. I've seen some comments on  here about portions which seems ludicrous to me-big enough to split amount at least 2 people! Also, the Mapo Tofu was great--one of the spicier dishes we ate. All around great place--have been numerous times and look forward to coming back again and again. So happy it's in the hood!
Let's start with two major qualifiers:  First, I'm a vegetarian, so anything I write has to be understood from that perspective.  Second, I love, Love, LOVE the Han Dynasty location in the East Village (to be clear, I mean L-O-V-E ), so the comparison naturally will be to its sister restaurant.  All that being said, if you're on the UWS, like a more formal ambience, need the security of a reservation, want to go in person twice within a few days without the shame of the wait staff recognizing you, don't want to transfer trains, or for some other reason find yourself at this location, you will not be disappointed.  Be prepared to sweat through the spice - I'm a natural spice lover and this tested my tolerance.  Also be prepared to go beyond your "normal" go-to dishes.  But if you can power through it, you will find yourself amazingly, stupendously, wonderously surprised by an amazing meal.  I recommend the Dan Dan noodles; this place makes them more "wet" than the East Village site, but still delicious.  I'm also partial to the cabbage dish and basically anything with tofu, which is why I love this place so much.
Delicious.  Really tasty Chinese food that is all flavor and no grease.  Spice level is marked on the menu so you can go big or mild.  Big tables with lazy susans make it a fun place to eat with friends.  Best dishes: pork soup, dan dan noodles, double cooked chicken, shrimp, salt and pepper squid, etc.  Drinks were delicious too.  Took home all the leftovers and they were still good the next day.  Highly recommend.
So glad Han Dynasty has come to the Upper West Side! As a Hanny D's aficionado from Philadelphia, I was very happy to see the food quality preserved at this new place. My regular orders are the Cold Noodles in Chili Oil, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce and the Spicy Crispy Cucumber (all amazing!). I tried out the Dan Dan Noodles on Yelpers' recommendation, and they were also delicious. And my mother swears by the Seafood Tofu Soup (also for those who can't handle the spice)!Our server each time was extremely polite and attentive, which is a bit of a novelty in NYC. This place does get very, very busy around 7/7:30 most nights, so make a reservation (especially on the weekend!). The interior is I believe the ballroom of an old hotel, so very high ceilings and nice atmosphere, although it can get a little noisy at rush hour.All told: friendly service, AMAZING food, true to its Philly roots. Try it out!
Real Szechuan food in a great spot along Broadway. It's very good food in a casual but comfortable space-where you can bring an infant and hold a conversation with sufficient space not to feel like you're impinging on anyone. Having lived in SoCal for many years, I missed Hunan apart from occasional trips to Henry's Hunan in SFO. Been back 3 times just in the last month or so, so it's definitely scratching an itch!
This place is amazing!!! Dan Dan noodles really are a must, so is the double cooked fish.
The beautiful space, friendly and enthusiastic staff, and of course the absolutely addictive dan dan noodles and spicy cucumber salad make this a spot we will return to over and over again.  Every time we bring friends/family here, they go crazy over the food.  The staff even tolerated our friends' kids, who ran circles around the spacious dining room at lunch time.  Thank goodness for Han Dynasty on the UWS!
This place is awesome.  Huge venue equals no waiting.  Mains were all delicious; we had dry pepper chicken, cumin lamb, double cooked fish and snow pea shoots.  I thought their fish in napa cabbage and chili oil was a bit less "authentic" (as in it wasn't in a giant vat of bright red broth), but it did feel higher quality.  Overall I can see this place becoming a staple for dinner in the neighborhood (it is certainly better than all the americanized chinese fast food joints that litter the UWS).  For what it's worth, the friends I came with all liked this place more than the down town location.
Absent of any noticeable Chinese influences, this is the place for those people who want Chinese food and don't know or care about what it should taste like. I didn't see a single Chinese waiter or patron (a bad sign), as I was led into the back of the restaurant where single diners are segregated. The Szechuan chicken was doused with peppercorns galore and a liter of salt but had no other flavor.
Okay...I am obsessed with dumplings and dim sum in general. This place hands down has the best wontons (more like steamed dumplings) I have ever had in my entire life (I've also been to asia) The sauce is sweet but spicy and still comes off savory. Our waiter recommended them to us and I will always get them when we go now. The only reason I didn't put 5 stars is because we also got the garlic chicken and the vegetables with it weren't cooked enough (very sharp onion) other than that its a great place
Love this place!  Finally, great Chinese in the hood!  I just sit at the bar and order.  Bartenders are the best in the city, Dave and Simon, manager Kevin.  Very service oriented, and friendly.  Most Chinese around is just cheap and not good.  You pay slightly more here, and it is well worth it.  Double cooked chicken is unreal (not breaded or deeply fried, just what they call it).  Dumplings, the best I've had in a long time.  I get veggie.  Not on the menu, but they just make them.  Go!
Went here once before and it was really good. Second time, not so much. Dan Dan noodles were good but not outstanding; more spice than flavor. Garlic style scallops lacked any garlic flavor and was dominated be vinegar and soy sauce. I complained and instead of offering to bring me something else, they took the dish back to the kitchen and threw in some sliced garlic. It tasted only marginally better. Not terrible but certainly not memorable. Maybe an off night?  Maybe a dish that didn't jibe with my tastes. They certainly should have offered something different. Disappointing.
Garlic sauce style beef and dandan noodles were absolutely amazing. This is the best Chinese food I've ever had. I don't even eat Chinese food all that much but I will definitely go out of my way to come back here! Knocked off a star because the food is a bit pricey. Paid $32.54 to have those too items delivered, tip not included. Portions were decent, enough for two people.
The new Han Dynasty location on the UWS is the second one in NYC (the first is in the East Village).  The space is cavern like with high loft ceilings worthy of a Chinese dynastic throne room.  What's inside is some of the best Chinese food I've had in the city.  The best part of the food is the spice!!  When you think of spicy Asian cuisine, most people think of Thai food and certainly not Chinese but you won't find generic, bland General Tso's chicken here (thankfully). No, instead you'll find a menu where the level of spice is ranked from 1 (mild) to 10 (quite spicy).  My favorite dishes on the menu (thus far) are the Cumin Style Lamb (7)(very spicy and very tasty) and the Kung Pao Style Chicken (3)(not so spicy, but still very flavorful). The spice level of any dish can also be adjusted, which is nice. If you're in the mood for an appetizer, the Dan Dan Noodle (6) is the house speciality and is very good. The prices are reasonable, the food is spicy and flavorful, and the venue is fitting of, well, a restaurant from the Han Dynasty.
We had a birthday party last night at Han Dynasty and we were in their special area for larger parties with a great round table and a fabulous lazy susan. OK, so here is the deal. How could anyone give this amazingly great restaurant a mediocre review? People are funny. They complain it is not exactly like the East Village. So what? I have eaten at the East Village location and the food here is hands down the BEST CHINESE FOOD ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE. It leaves the glop and generic crap that so often is served up here in the dust with sophisticated infused oils that create sauces and tastes that are really what Chinese food should be. I am convinced the Upper West Siders (and I am one) will never be happy. What do you want? Another Chipolte where yes, the "food" is exactly the same in Enid, OK and 10024 zip code? Oh please, get your butt here and enjoy great food that is creative and so good it finally gives the UWS something to cheer about. Menu does not have silly names like General Cho's Chicken but rather tells you about the sauce and then gives you the protein choices. The noodles are excellent and not coated with the typical heavy sauces that we have been burdened with and the lo mein is so great that we kept ordering more. Mark (the co-owner/Manager)  gave us great service and helped us pick some amazing dishes. He is low key and a great guy and he is so proud of the food and the authenticity. Get here and keep this wonderful restaurant ALIVE or we will get what we deserve....a bank. PS - it was SUnday night and pissing rain and the place was packed. Cheers to this new and exciting Chinese restaurant. Also, having a party? Grand round table and lots of different dishes make it so much fun and the price is beyond reasonable. SO HAPPY. PS- My Aunt is Chinese and a gourmet cook and she loved it. Skip the complaints and have fun.
An all around great meal again.  Nothing snooty or pretentious, just good food with the right service.  We didn't sit at the bar last night because we wanted to try the vibe of the dining room.  We were led to our table by a large goofy fellow that was delighted to see us as return customers.  I told him what we had ordered before, he offered some new dishes for us to try.  The cold noodles with chili oil are the best noodles in house imo, especially now that it's warmer out, I didn't want a hot noodle dish like the dan dan and I'm so happy I tried these cold noodles with chili oil, def a new favorite.  We also got pork belly with garlic sauce as an appetizer.  The flavor was honestly intoxicating, I couldn't stop eating it.  For mains we tried tofu in hot sauce, kung pao with the shrimp and long hot pepper with beef.  Again, just everything was so good.  I'm giving 5 stars because really just about everything is great with nothing ever being worse than good.  In NYC that's a rarity, usually I go out to eat knowing for every one thing I enjoy, there will be at least one thing I don't.  Han dynasty bucks that trend for sure.  As a nice touch, on our way out, the overly talkative bartender made sure to acknowledge us and ask us about our meal while furiously cleaning the bar.  He could have kept his head down and kept cleaning, but instead he took time to make sure we enjoyed our experience.  Gotta give a thumbs up for that kind of hospitality.
This place is awesome. Dan Dan noodles are like crack. The spicy cucumbers were also fantastic. The staff was welcoming and hardworking. Thrilled this place opened up on the west side. Instantly one of my favorite spots.
Delicious!!!  One of the better spots in USW AND decor is very nice.  We will be back!
Great food, but the service was so bad it was comical.  Not surly or anything but...well, I'm now convinced that when you go to a Chinese restaurant and the staff is not Chinese, flee.   Forty five minutes after being seated,  I actually had to go on a search mission to find someone to take the order.  Another 20 minutes or so for appetizers, about 30 minutes for main dishes -- and finally, when we wanted a check (maybe half hour later), well, I think maybe our waiter got his call from "American Idol" and just vanished.  Hey, Entitled Children of the Upper West Side!  Han Dynasty is hiring!
Fabulous addition to the UWS.  This is the best Szechuan I've had in ages!  They are in the midst of a "soft opening," so the staff may be a little more charming than usual, but all were excellent: friendly and informative.  The locale, which used to house a huge Italian operation, is very pleasant, with a large terrarium in the center of the room:  hopefully, this will help moderate they noise once they are discovered.  The food is not only unusual but also extremely well-made: my eggplant was still firm (!) and very tasty, and the salt-and-pepper shrimp were delicious. The menu kindly lists the degree of heat in each dish, and you are allowed to choose from a wide variety of preparations. Definitely worth a visit!
Nothing short of AMAZING. We had the dan dan style noodles and the double cooked style with pork belly. I couldn't even believe how good it was. Great service, too---our waiter was friendly and attentive. Will be back a lot.
This is the absolute best Chinese on the UWS, hands down.
Amazing Szechuan food!  The space is really spacious, open and comfortable.  The food was great.  Very flavorful.  My favorite was the dry pepper fish and hot sauce beef.  The fish was very crunchy outside but tender inside.  The fish with black bean sauce was really good too.  The cumin chicken was tasty but dry, which is how I think it's supposed to be made, almost like a chicken jerky.  It was flavorful, but I didn't like the chewy tough consistency, but my friend loved it.  Came for lunch a few times, but never for dinner.  Portions were pretty generous.  For two people, we got three lunch specials to share, which left us very full.  Our total bill for two people was $45 with tax and tip.  Not bad at all.
We picked up our takeout meal yesterday: (1) cold sesame noodles, (2) double sautéed style (pork belly); (3) hot sauce style (shrimp) -- for a total cost of about $49 (!!).  Nos. 1 and 2 were not edible because:  the cold sesame noodles were so overcooked they had a mushy texture and even worse, there was no sesame sauce (!) -- literally no sauce at all, and no scallions; and the noodles were not cold but at room temp. (no sesame sauce, no scallions, not cold, and mushy -- wow); and the double sautéed pork belly also had no sauce at all and worse, this dish had a faint ammonia scent/taste.  Just awful.  The hot sauce style with shrimp was good.  Needless to say, we will not be ordering from here again.  (You will note several other reviewers giving emphatic thumbs-down to this resto's other types of noodles.  Clearly there's a problem here.)
I haven't been to the Han Dynasty in east village and figured I have to try this place as it opened in my neighbourhood. We were satisfied with the enormous portion of dan dan noodle and the good selection of the lunch menu including the spicy beef. The service still has a bit hiccup and the spicy chicken wing didn't live up to the hype but the spicy beef, dan dan noodle and the aroma spicy fish were all satisfying.
Am not normally a reviewer, but tonight's takeout supper just changed all that. The Spicy Crispy Cucumbers were KNOCKOUT, and the Beef Tendon in Chili Oil ditto--the flavors were subtly layered, with just the right amount of lingering but not cough-inducing heat. Even given my laziness (though I DO cook, and well, I might add, modestly!), and the fact that I live just 3 blocks away, it's just become my summer go-to. For other fans, they promised to have delivery by Labor Day--so all fingers crossed!
This place was yummy and the price is right. The restaurant is gigantic. The servers were very attentive. We got the Dan Dan noodles, wontons in chili oil and eggplant in garlic sauce which were so so delicious. We also got the double-cooked pork belly which I didn't like it so much. The meat was really chewy. I don't know what it's supposed to taste like so maybe that is correct but I won't be ordering it again. I hear they also deliver!! The upper west side finally has decent Chinese food!
Loved the food. So happy there is good chinese in the neighborhood!
Nice Chinese restaurant. The food size there are huge, don't order too much!! As a Chinese, it's already good enough for me to compensate my homesickness.
I was invited to join a dinner with a few friends. This time it was in Upper West Side. While I was waiting for my party to arrive, I was drawn to the bar for some craft beer. I was very surprised by their beer selection on taps!!! Ommegang's, Victory's, Two Roads' beer are featured here. David, the bartender was very friendly. I got a few drinks and some samples. I was satisfied. My party arrived and got seated in the back. We ordered a few appetizers, Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Crispy Cucumber Salad and Dry Pepper Chicken Wings. Dan Dan Noodles was great as well as Chicken Wings. As for main course, we got Pea Shoots with Garlic, Kung Pao Chicken and Salt & Pepper Shrimp. They were all yummy. We ended our meal with Mochi Ice Cream.
Disclaimer: I'm very picky with Chinese food. My dear NYC friend (former college roomies and forever sister friends lol) said this place never disappoints. I didn't have anything else in particular in mind this evening since I had just gotten off a plane and wanted something close by and easy. Food: Dandan noodles were just fine to me... I know other yelpers were very excited about them. I also had the garlic eggplant (or eggplant in garlic sauce) and the green beans. I was pretty disappointed in those. Eggplants especially. The flavor was pretty off and it was hecka oily. Green beans just passable, didn't have that flavor either. Furthermore, we somehow got deleted from the waitlist so what was suppose to be a 15-20 min wait turned into a 40 min wait and finally we asked and they didn't even really apologize! If she hadn't been so hungry I would've wanted to go elsewhere. Luckily the actual service after we were seated was nice and bathrooms were clean. The place is very big and lots of people did seem to like it, which is why I labeled my review at the very beginning that I'm usually not so picky but this is completely untrue when it's Chinese food. I think for Americanized Chinese food, I can see how this would be more highly rated place. I would suggest looking elsewhere for some legit Chinese though.
This Upper West Side location of one of everyone's favorite Szechuan oases is a versatile restaurant, good for dates, catching up with friends, large group dinners...pretty much anything.We were a group too large to fit at one table, so we took up two. Both were circular which I think is one of the best setups for any group occasion.There's a tasting menu option which I'd like to try out at some point, but we were hungry and ordered a la carte.Everything was delicious. One of their signature dishes - the cumin fries - are an absolute must. Otherwise, it's a pretty standard Chinese menu. The chicken, pork, shrimp, and beef dishes were all well-prepared in delicious sauces, served nice and hot in medium-sized portions. If there's something that everyone wants, I suggest getting more than one as a single serving isn't going to offer a full table of people more than one bite each.It was packed on a weeknight at 7pm. Still, we were sat right away (we had a reservation), and waited upon promptly. The waitstaff was friendly and happy to help us order the right amount of food - something most people struggle with at Chinese restaurants. Everyone loves cold lo mein the next day, but we were attending an event at Lincoln Center after and wouldn't have been able to carry around doggy bags of aromatic leftovers. I don't know if it's because we are pigs or because the waiter advised us properly (or maybe both), but we didn't have any leftovers aside from a few scraps.I'm eager to try out their East Village location and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good Chinese dinner.
Had a nice dinner here tonight. There was a lot of things I liked about the restaurant.1. The food came out extremely fast, which could mean that it was sitting there prepared for some time and they just warmed it up, but regardless, it tasted very good and when you are hungry fast ticket times are always a plus.2. The restaurant was spacious which is a nice change from most super cozy restaurants in new york. You got enough separation to feel privacy while still having great ambiance.3. Good service , we had a waiter named Simon, he took very good care of us, made good recomendations and was attentive. We had the fried dumplings which were great as an appetizer. Later we had the dan dan noodles , they were quite spicy but very delicious and tasty.I recommend this place
Amazing Chinese food - and the best part is I don't have to go to Flushing to get it!Don't get me wrong, as much as I love to enjoy the food of my people, if I can get solid Chinese food on one of the numbered streets, my life is golden (sorry Flushing and Chinatown). This Han Dynasty location provides everything I'm looking for in a Chinese restaurant. 1- Good legit Chinese food (obvs), 2- easily accessible location, 3- waitstaff that aren't cloying and 4-those adorable little fish tanks. Okay now let's talk about the food because those Dan Dan Noodles are heaven. And you should trust me, because 我愛吃麵. This dish was packed with so much complexity in the flavour and that's really key to this traditional Chinese street food. The ability to layer the nutty flavour with the crunch of the scallions underneath this fiery chili and minced meat sauce is really quite difficult and Han Dynasty does it with ease. The noodles here have this lovely stringy texture - it doesn't taste packaged and soaks up the flavours of the sauce perfectly when mixed. This dish is as good as it gets in New York City.Everything else on the menu is a good shout as well - The Wontons here are delicate without leaving the soup oily. The Mapo Tofu is also arguably one of the best in this city. Actual spices rather than flavouring - I love the leeks and how unapologetically large the slices of leeks and tofu are in this dish, tempering out the spiciness of the actual sauce. My favourite - Taiwanese sausage is on the menu both in fried rice and on it's own. Han Dynasty fries the sausage until it is just crispy - which is perfect! The crunch and the sweetness of that pork literally transports me to one of the street markets in Taiwan.Highly recommend Han Dynasty. Especially if you're looking for a nice Chinese meal without the burden of going out of your way to get it and without the grease or western "frozen vegetables" thrown into a perfectly good dish. Seriously, whoever thought of throwing frozen peas and carrots into Mapo Tofu should re-evaluate their life decisions.
I was in the area today and excitedly dropped in for dinner because I'm a HUGE fan of the original store in LES. I have to say was really disappointed with the overall quality of the food. Some things to note:- the wonton in chili was too sweet yet bland and the wonton skins were hard as opposed to the original which was slippery and succulent. - the cucumber was drowning in some soupy sauce and was overly sweet too.- the cold sesame noodles lacked the depth of flavor of the original and was again way too sweet. It seems like they dialed the sweetness of every single dish way up. - the pork belly in the double cooked dish was tough and chewy- the rice was overcooked and dry. This is the most basic thing - how did they manage to screw this up? For comparison, the rice in the LES store is fluffy and fragrant. Overall, I'm disappointed that the quality and flavors that made me love Han Dynasty so much did not transfer over to this store. None of the four dishes ordered matched the original at all. I hate to say it, but quality of this store's food is almost on par with those cheap westernized Chinese restaurants. I will be sticking to the original LES one from now on. Funny enough, our waitress asked us if it was our first time dining with them. We told her we've been to the original in LES, to which she replied with a shrug, "same thing." After this experience, no, definitely not the same thing.
Came here last night at about 9:00pm. The energy was good. The crowds still here. Decor is nice. Waitress very sweet. Food: disappointing. NOT what TRUE Sichuan food should be like. Too much sweet tones in the background of the sauces and not enough salt or spice. The Braised Beef noodle soup uses beef slices instead of cubes of meat and tendon. They use the same slices beef as their Beef &Tripe (which was 80% beef and 20% tripe.....should be at least 60/40)The Dan Dan noodle is good. The shrimp over crispy rice was all wrong. Too soggy, not seasoned well. The servers were pitiful. They sent our dish to the table beside us and sent us an eggplant dish and sautéed beef dish which we don't order. It took them 3 minutes to run around the restaurant to find the duck that we ordered. There was 4 of us, we asked for more "napkins" and the server came back with ONE NAPKIN!  Anyone that has had Real Sichuan food in Sichuan...or for all that matters, anywhere in Asia, would find this place an overrated disgrace to their name. It's sad because UWS is so Chinese food deprived. 20-30 years ago good quality and even high quality Chinese food is so readily available. Now, it's either too cheap or too fake, yet just as, if not more expensive.
Great Szechuan food. Get the Dan Dan noodles; they're delicious, and exactly the right mix of flavorful and greasy. Chicken with garlic sauce was only okay; I hoped it would have more flavor, but the sauce was pretty one dimensional. The spiciness ratings are listed on the menu if you're concerned about that.They had a bigger cocktail menu than I expected, but we got beers. All in all, good food, and very fast service, so I'd happily return.
Extremely mediocre. The food arrived seconds after the order was taken. The food was clearly sitting around. Ordered Cumin lamb - meat was tough and tired. Dandan noodles were nothing special. The eggplant with garlic was the best dish we ordered but again, nothing special. Ambience is OK, good service, rather deafening when crowded, as it was when we ate there.Do yourself a favor, hop on the subway and go to Chinatown or better yet Flushing.
Dinner was good , but we like to enjoy our dinner and die to them being busy the waiter told us that our entrees may come before our appetizers ? Strange....I will return but probably not as a regular
Loved the fish and tofu entrees! Both were insanely spicy and yummy! Also loved the fried chicken appetizer!
Han Dynasty is everything you want from an Upper West Side Chinese restaurant. It's massive, with tables of all shapes and sizes and high high high ceilings, well air conditioned enough to make eating things doused in chili oil bearable in August, and the food is delicious. What more could you want? Sure, it's no Shun Lee, but the food is better, and what you lose in 80's New York chic you gain in Woody Allen's New York vibes. Food wise, I mean, the Dan Dan noodles. They're sesame-y, spicy, a little overcooked, basically the ideal comfort food. They come in a giant bowl that's mixed table side, with ground pork mixed in. I could eat a mountain of these and be the happiest little clam in all the UWS. We started with those and the dumplings in chili oil, which are my boo's fave. They're delicious, greasy pork dumplings in super fragrant sauce, but the grease factor and the high dumpling to filling ratio isn't my all time fave. We finished our meal with the chicken garlic style, which was everything you want from American Chinese food. It's a little sweet, mostly savory, and packed with peppers and onions. The two of us split those three dishes, and had plenty left over for lunch the next day. Be wary of over ordering, it's tempting, and dangerous.
Husband and I love this place! the food is great, service is fast and friendly and they oblige when customers ask them to make the food extra spicy !I would definitely recommend dry pepper chicken and wantons in chili oil. Even though the dry pepper chicken (I believe thrice fried) is very unhealthy but it tastes heavenly. We also like the dan dan pork noodles, very flavorful and portion size is perfect for two grown adults.
Han Dynasty is one of those old reliables that I'm so glad exist. Got a large party and havent planned ahead enough for a extravagent group dinner? Han dynasty's HUGE interior is a surefire bet for a last minute reservation. Need an comfortable and low key atmosphere for a 1:1 dinner? Han Dynasty is also the perfect place. It's impressive enough that you feel like you're loungin' and classin' it up but it's also casual enough that the waitstaff wears t-shirts that say "I'm a 10" (pun with their menu, since you can get spicyness levels up to 10). Which brings me to the food-- it's really something for everyone. This is a szechuan place so you would obviously expect spicy food but you know, there's always those vegetarians who end up at steakhouses and likewise spicy-avoiders who end up at szechuan haunts because of who knows why, they got roped into a group meal or they were just feeling masochistic. Either way, you can order your food to the spice level you want, and there is a helpful indication of what youre getting yourself into with each dish if you don't specify. They also list most of their entrees with "styles" of cooking and then you pick the protein (or veggie) that you want. This is a good and bad thing I guess-- it makes for a really accomodating meal but it sort of leaves you to struggle a bit and figure out which protein would go best with which style. (Am I doing this right?!! is a question that may erupt). As many others have stated, dan dan noodles, dry pepper chicken and snow pea leaves or stringbeans are go-tos here (as they are at any szechuan restaurant). I am a huge fan of their dan dan noodles compared to all the other places I've tried them at, and everything else is consistently good, but not mind blowing. It comes down to mostly fried and salty food that is satisfying in the way that chinese food is, but not that intricate in flavor profiles (I love szechuan because of the abundance of peppercorn for example, and I don't necessarily taste much peppercorn in many of han's dishes).All in all, however, Han is a place I will return to over and over because it's convenient, consistent, and a great, no-headache meeting place.
Decor is great and service is good.Unfortunately the food here pales in comparison to the one in lower East side. All the dishes here taste more Americanized and is sweeter. Much sweeter! Feels like I'm eating dessert for all the courses.Make the trip to the LES location and avoid this location.
Excellent food. My wife and I visit this place at least once a month. And I am in New York once a month for around 4 days. Do the math.I love the Kung Pao tofu here. The Dan Dan noodles is pretty good too. But the absolute best thing here is the cumin tofu. My mouth is watering as the imagery of the cumin powder soaked exterior of a crisp tofu ensconced in an assortment of peppers is slipping in and out on my mental projector. And this is while I am sucking down a delicious popsicle after a filling meal. So...One request. Please seat us in a different place occasionally at least. The wife gives me a long groan whenever I say "can we please Han it today?". I mollify her when she screams "AGAAAIIINNN?" with unplanned promises. I am down like 10 laundry trips (this is on top of the mandated 50%) because of the cumin tofu. Given all this, it's hard for me to handle it when she says "not the sample table again!!!". I could do without that additional challenge.
I love Han Dynasty. Everytime we have guest in town, we take them here. The atmosphere is great, the prices are reasonable and the food is delicious. Every experience has been really good and we will continue to go!
The food is very plain taste the noodles are spicy and thats it no flavor so sad three things for $34 plus $3 for delivery. First and last for me
I've been to Han dynasty on the east side but this location is even better! It's large with plenty of seating. The food is absolutely delicious, everything from the very spicy szechuan dishes to the not as spicy noodles are amazing. The service is also incredible and the prices are great. The place is also quite nice inside with a cool decor. I love this place and can't wait to keep going back!
Fantastic Szechuan food! I'm a bit obsessed with it. Our regular order is the Dan Dan noodles (they will make them with rice noodles if needed), cumin chicken & garlic chicken, all of which are stellar. We've also had at least half a dozen additional dishes when we come here with friends & would recommend them all. Lunch is a great deal as there's a large lunch menu under $10. The space is a spacious & beautiful former bank building so there's lots of room for seating. The service is very friendly & the restaurant is good for kids & strollers. Highly recommended!
Perhaps this is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in upper west side, quiet and clean. Taiwanese food is mild and tasty. Highly recommended to people who doesn't eat spicy food
Ate here with extended family on a Saturday night.  We were a group of 12 and I reserved the table a couple weeks ahead of time.  We were seated in the back at a large round table with the biggest lazy Susan I have ever seen.  We had the 30 dollar tasting menu which was pretty expansive and included most of the popular fish, pork, beef and veggie options on the menu.  Before the main courses we had ample appetizers of the Dan Dan noodles, dumpling, spicy cucumber, sesame noodles, sausages. Great place for a family dinner.  Everyone enjoyed the meal and service was very attentive. Definitely would go again.
Want Dan Dan noodles? Go to the East Village location. I've been coming to this Han Dynasty since their soft opening, and it seems the chef here doesn't know how to properly make them. Whatever the reason, they're better in the downtown location.Now that we've got that out of the way:For me, experiencing insanely spicy peppers is a religious experience. Are you a spice enthusiast? Ask the staff if they have any special peppers on hand. One time I was lucky[1] enough to score a Carolina reaper. Even if they don't have anything in stock, just let the staff know if you love your food hot.I had the tasting menu here several times, with mixed results[2]. Stick to the regular menu, which is more dependable. My favorites? The double-cooked sausage, with a side of a chili oil cucumbers. The cucumbers come out sweet here, but they're a treat.Sit at the bar for best results. Thanks to bartender Dave for keeping me out of trouble and pouring me good pours.[1] Some would say.[2] If you come out for these tastings, you'll probably get to meet Han!
When I lived in Philly I went to their University City location a lot. I was stoked when I heard they were opening an UWS location. I started eating there before their liquor license had been approved and have been there at least 50 times since.Han Dynasty is now our favorite Chinese restaurant in the UWS. It's a great 'Sunday night' 'out to eat' spot and as boring as it sounds we always order the Dan Dan Noodles and the Bok Choy and Black Mushrooms and then a different Szechuan entree to split.Also, shout out to the extremely polite staff-- especially the blonde dude that used to wait tables and now works behind the bar. You're a rockstar.
We really enjoy this place. We've been looking for a good Chinese place in the area that's better for dining in than some of the hole-in-the-wall places yet not prohibitively expensive...and now we've found it.As others have mentioned, the menu is a little different than most Chinese places: you essentially pick a "protein" (pork, fried tofu, shrimp), and then a style of preparation/sauce (Garlic Sauce, Hot Chili Sauce, etc). You can also choose how spicy you'd like the food to be on a scale of 1-10. At any rate, the two different style entrees we've tried have both been very good, as were the Sesame Noodles and the Scallion Pancakes.As a bonus, the service is very fast and the interior of the restaurant is great -- it's a really outstanding space!
Yum! Food did not disappoint. I ate at the bar. Keep in mom this place isn't casual -- I felt underdressed in a T-shirt and shorts (after a day on the run) and wondered if my attire was why a table wasn't available but the bar was so welcoming. Bartender's service was phenomenal. I had heard of this in Philly, where I came from, but didn't ever go! Ironically, I enjoyed my first meal as a New Yorker here in a restaurant born in Philly. Will be back!
Thank you so much for the beautiful place. I enjoy my meal here, with beautiful artwork, clean table and great food. Highly recommended.
Let's start off with my number one, favorite thing about this place: It replaced a few other restaurants that attempted to inhabit this lovely space, except Han Dynasty's food seems to be delicious! That's the total opposite of Bocca Di Boca or whatever that one-star disaster was that led me to write my first Yelp review ever.Anyway, I was in the neighborhood to run a quick work errand and felt a rumbly in my tumbly. I haven't had Chinese food in over a month, and that's just not acceptable. I also didn't have time to sit down and appreciate the setting (but I've seen it before with worse food). Huge space, I once wrote that it would make an excellent lounge/club space. High ceilings, columns and now Asian artwork line the walls. It's all very sexy-chic. I called and ordered my food to go, so I would only be partially chewed out by my bosses. Dry Pepper Chicken-- This was pretty awesome. Lightly battered and fried, but not greasy. Loads of dry peppers (could've been hotter-yes, I said it) and an aroma so fragrant that it permeated the entire floor when I returned to my office. Everyone was rightfully jealous. I could and would eat this again, and again. Perfect flavors, not stingy on the pepper--thank you--and a generous portion.House Special Fried Rice--Not the best I've ever had, but definitely pretty top-notch. Don't know that I needed to pay $14 for this, but these are the choices we make sometimes. It was really good, but I'm not falling for that money trap again.OK, here's what I didn't like...their computers were down and so the other patrons and myself who were trying to grab and go, had to stand and wait around for about 15 minutes before their machines could read cards again. Not helpful given my time crunch, but I'd probably come back for a sit-down dinner and try some dan dan noodles or hot appetizers.
Used to be obsessed with it, but the quality has gone in the last few months. Go to order is the Dan Dan noodles, cold noodles with oil and Taiwanese sausage. Sausage is always good, but they don't have the same noodles as they used to! Flat and mushy, they seem like they're pasta like instead of Chinese. The chilies they put in still have the seeds so it's unpleasantly crunchy. They used to be so great, but very sad the noodle quality has slipped.
Han Dynasty!  I walked in by chance. I was seduced by the big dining room with lots of space between tables, by the discrete ambiance and music so people can actually talk, by their food, exquisite, the friendly but respectful service and the decor reminding Vietnam at its best. The price on the high range but for all these qualities, whenever I can afford it, I am so happy to go there. What is interesting is that it does not show off from the street.
In my opinion, the Upper West Side Han Dynasty is superior to the Union Square/East Village location. For one thing, it's far more spacious, with a huge dining room, a front lobby, and a separate bar area. The dining room's seating consists of a mix of chairs and open booths lining the walls. Larger round tables accommodate families and groups of friends, while couples occupy the smaller tables. Although the two-seaters aren't ideal for a family style eating environment, which is encouraged at the restaurant, it only becomes an issue if there are four or more dishes laid out at once.Each item on the menu is accompanied by a spiciness rating, ranging from 1 to 10. Supplied with tea as we browsed our options, we already had a few dishes picked out before we walked into the place. We started with a cold appetizer, the spicy crispy cucumber. It's a simple, refreshing choice; the cucumbers aren't as spicy as they seem, and are actually on the sweeter side. Despite being an appetizer, it was brought over to us just a few minutes before the other plates arrived. Normally, I would be a bit bothered by the accelerated pace of our dinner, but I appreciate that each component of the meal is served as soon as it's ready. I'd prefer having too much food at one time than having it sit out in the kitchen until we finish each previous course.The eggplant with garlic sauce is a must every time I'm at Han Dynasty. The eggplant soaks up the sauce, but still retains the sweetness and delicate texture that distinguish Chinese eggplants from the American variety. Another fantastic dish is the shredded long hot peppers stir fried with tofu. We recently requested a spicier version, as it's only a 3 on the menu, and the result was exactly what we were looking for. The tofu combined with the peppers created a balance of flavor, and the additional heat amplified their taste. It's an entree that I would undoubtedly order again in the future.While I don't mind the East Village restaurant, the atmosphere of this one gives it the edge over the original NYC location. If you're just considering the food, however, the two are pretty comparable in terms of quality. Regardless, Han Dynasty satisfies the need for excellent Szechuan cuisine in the Upper West Side, and I'm sure the area will remain its home for many years to come!
My dining party had allergies to gluten, tree nuts and black pepper.  The server was knowledgeable about the menu and helped us select things that would work for us. Friendly service, food was served quickly. Spice level of dishes was as requested. We had Kung Pao Chicken and Cumin Beef. The Kung Pao Chicken was fine, just ordinary. I'd order the cumin style again, unusual and tasty!
Avoid the Dan Dan noodles if you're used to the East Village location's recipe. They use a totally different noodle and the sauce is completely different as well. They need have the chef there make it the same. I ordered it twice while in the area, and disappointed both times. All the other food on their menu is awesome.
Big fan of this place! Decor is splendid, food fantastic, with strong cocktails (go with the "Ancient Secret," trust me). My favorite dishes here include the Beef Tendon in chili Sauce, Dry Pot Pork, Dan Dan Noodles (I like theirs better than other Sichuan joints, bigger portion here too), and the fish fillet in chili sauce is decent. Service is always respectable; food comes pretty quickly too. Yet to try the tasting menu (first monday of every month), but it's on my bucket list.I would like the dishes to be spicier, to resemble more traditional Sichuan fare abroad. But they add cracked Sichuan peppercorn to their spiciest dishes, which adds a great touch. Also a little pricey--typical for the UWS--but on par with other Sichuan places in the city. They've got lunch specials though, which are a reasonable deal.
The 15-course monthly meal is rapidly becoming a tradition for my boyfriend and I + our friends. The first Monday evening of every month there's a family-style tasting menu (you need to reserve spots ahead of time). For $35-$40 per person you get to try literally 15 courses. It's not so much a tasting as a feast, there's so much food. The owner is very social & funny and comes out to talk with everyone during dinner. Best to go without dietary restrictions (there's a lot of meat and seafood), but one time we went with a vegetarian friend and they started throwing together extra dishes on the spot to accommodate. The service is great, and everyone tries to make your dining experience memorable. It's also a great place to meet new people, as generally you're sharing your table and dishes with some strangers. It's fortunate that I only live a few blocks away, because at the end of the night I pretty much need to be rolled home and into bed.
Grabbed dinner here on a Friday night. Line wasn't too long. Ambience is similar to a chain restaurant. Service was nice and friendly. Ordered the spicy cucumber which was nice and delicious along with scallion pancakes. We ordered the hot sauce chicken as our entree. Chicken was flavorful however, there was too much oil in the dish. I would stay away from ordering it again. All and all was a good experience.
About a 2-2.5: Han Dynasty is a Sichuan restaurant chain based in Philly.  The hubs and I stopped by their East Village before, and while in the UWS area, we decided to make a quick stop to get some noodle fix.  Their menu was pretty extensive, offering appetizers (such as pork belly with sweet chili oil sauce, beef & trip in chili oil, spicy crispy cucumber, etc.), soups, noodle dishes, fried rice, various entrees (dry pot, cumin-focused, etc.), specials (ginger duck, spicy tofu fish, spicy hot pot, etc.), vegetables, and lunch specials.  We got an order of the Dan Dan Noodle as well as an order for the Cold Sesame Noodles.  The Dan Dan Noodle came out warm, where the noodles again, were overcooked.  I'm not a fan of the ground meat and the flavors of this dish anymore, as while it was spicy, it was just not flavorful.  The Cold Sesame Noodles, which usually is our favorite, was a little lackluster this time around.  While served cold, the sesame sauce seemed to be more watered down and had less of a sesame/peanuty taste.  The noodles, however, were cooked perfectly al dente.  Service was super friendly, and the decor of this restaurant is quite majestic, witch the pillars and the high ceilings.  However, I believe I will just stick to getting the Sesame Noodles from their East Village location. +underwhelming Dan Dan Noodles+stick with the East Village location!+great interior decor
Loved this place! This was our first time there. We got the chicken wings appetizer and they were hot, fresh and delicious. Wonton soup was good, but could skip it. The hot sauce style beef is amazing, the sauce and flavor is just great. We had great service, everyone was super nice and helpful. We will definitely be going back!
As an uptown girl, this location of Han Dynasty opening up was a true game changer. Han is a favorite of mine and my boyfriends, and we've ordered postmates far too often to get some Dan Dan noodles when we're feeling particularly lazy. The space is probably 6 times larger than in the East Village, making it easier to walk in, and they did a really nice job with the feel of the restaurant - definitely matches its location.Everything at Han Dynasty is good, but our typical order to divide between the two of us are the spicy crispy cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, and dry pepper fish. Healthy it is not, but oh man it is so good! We're living in Inwood for the summer, and today I ordered a to go order while waiting for the 1 at Houston street, rode up to 86th, went to pick up my order, and then got back on the 1 to go alllll the way up to 215th and walk home. All so we could have Han Dynasty for dinner. If that doesn't show how much I love this place, I'm not sure what would.
Their food is addictive. I prefer the chicken dishes to the beef (it's a texture thing). Dry fried has so many chilis (this is a good thing in my books). Also love the chili oil sauce. If you don't like spice, go some place else. I have had a number of "not spicy" items on the menu and they just aren't as good. They are okay, but just not spectacular.
Han Dynasty has been on my radar for a long time (my sisters and I affectionately call it "Handy Nasty"- gross, I know) but somehow the packed feel of the East Village location made me a little apprehensive.Lo and behold, they had an UWS location that's spacious and beautiful- perfect for a family dinner, and that's just what we did.For our party of 5, we were seated at a round table right by the beautiful tank in the center of the room. The room, which was very spacious and had high ceilings, was already pretty full when we got there.We ordered the cumin fries, Dan Dan noodles, beef and tripe in chili oil, Dry Fry Style Pork, Spicy Tofu Fish, Pickled Vegetable with Fish soup, and the Seasonal Vegetable (asparagus)- yes, we were HUNGRY.Strongly recommend the beef and tripe, spicy tofu fish, and the fish soup- the beef/tripe is served chilled (which made the heat of the chili easier to handle!). The spicy tofu fish has breaded fillets of white fish swimming with tofu in a delicious spicy sauce (I recommend using the cumin fries to soak it all up).The service was a little slow (I think they were missing a server, definitely not enough staff to cover that whole big room) but the food is solid, filling, and makes me want to come back for more.
Best American Chinese restaurant I've been to. Service is great. The thing that keeps me coming back is the cumin beef. Can't get enough. Sometimes my wife and I even order two, even though we know the owner hates that. Prefer this location to the one near union squares. Food seems to have more flavor. Chef isnt shy with the spices.Enjoy.
We're from Los Angeles so we get to try a lot of Chinese restaurants.Han Dynasty was a very pleasant surprise. Upscale dining and delicious food. Particularly liked the Veggie Fried Rice, Garlic Pork, and the excellent Asparagus. Great service too!
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but this place is NOTHING like the original. I was craving Han Dynasty especially their DAN DAN NOODLES and DRY PEPPER CHICKEN. So upon searching yelp to find my way there I was beyond ecstatic when I saw there is one close to my sisters house, literally a 10 minute walk. We called in our order but when we got there our food wasn't ready. We were told it was being made fresh, fine by me... We waited about another 5 minutes and got our order but this time hailed a taxi to go home because we were lazy and wanted to eat right away. When we got home and took out our two orders of Dan Dan noodles and one order of dry pepper chicken I was so sad! The noodles were all mushy and they gave us the smallest serving of Dry pepper chicken I've ever seen. And to make matters worse the chicken was also mushy. What happened to the crispy crunchy chicken I remember!? The only good thing about this place is the service, which the original location lacked big time. The original location is even further from my sisters house and we took take out before from there. Even with all the walking, taking the subway, and walking some more the Dan Dan noodles and dry pepper chicken were perfect. The chicken was still crispy and the noodles cooked al dente.Next time I'll make sure to go to the original. Even if I have to deal with the rude ass customer service at least the food would be good.
What's nice about this place is the owner himself is working the floor. He's an extremely down to earth guy and he appeared in an episode of Munchies where he was hanging with Isaiah Zagar... SO FUCKING COOL.But I have to say the food was a disappointment-Dan dan noodles. I like noodles al dente but these have no chew. They tasted more like rice noodles that are thin and soft, which doesn't hold up in the peanut sauce and chili oil.-Dry pepper chicken tasted more like... Fried polenta???? My first bite was wonderful as it was fatty, soft and spicy. But 30 seconds later when the dish cooled down, I started to wonder, is there chicken in this?-Dry pot beef. WTF is this dry pot thing? It was so oily and the flavor had a very unpleasant sourness to it. If you want to eat authentic dry pot dishes, I suggest The Bao on st marks.-Beef tongue and tripe. Fu Qi Fei Pian. Husband and wife plate. Or whatever it's called. It was ok.I actually don't think Szechuan food is about extreme Ma or La, but rather that aroma from the spices. The food here is mostly one dimensional in flavor. I wouldn't even say it is the best Szechuan restaurant in the hood (there's Grand Sichuan on 75th and Amsterdam). I will stick to Red Farm when I need my Chinese food fix.
It's now been a month since HD opened and everything's only getting better. Service in particular is much quicker than it was at first. Also worth noting that the owner, Han, has been on-site since this outpost opened its doors, which is impressive given that it's the eighth location for HD. He even told us candidly that a few dishes are not quite perfected and that they're constantly fine-tuning things. So with all that in mind, fair to say he's not just coasting on the restaurant's reputation.  All the dishes so far have been good to great, and I'll especially call attention to the bok choy with black mushrooms - beautifully plated and featuring a contrast of bright, tender fronds with rich, explosively juicy fungi. Really excellent. P.S. Make sure they start you out with a complimentary tray of "weird taste" peanuts - incomparable medley of spicy, sweet and savory flavors.
The pictures as well as the reviews were enticing enough to cross the park for Chinese food. We ordered the dan-dan noodles as well as the sesame noodles. Both noodles tasted as though they were made in the afternoon and sitting in bath of water waiting for the custom sauce to be  applied as ordered. The noodles were mushy and watery and had a forward taste of water. Yuck!!. For our main we ordered garlic chicken and steamed chicken dumplings.  The garlic chicken was not noteworthy. The dumplings never arrived ( I guess they forgot)  and our cocktails were very late to come upon many requests. The space is beautiful and I would come back to hang at the bar only. The service and food were awful. Oh well.
Great food- dry pepper shrimp, dry pepper chicken, Dan Dan noodles. The dry pepper food was amazing. It's like being at the top of a spice roller coaster and never coming down. So flagrant! We didn't go behind a spice level of 6. The noodles I wasn't too crazy about but my husband loved them. Food was very reasonably priced too! The customer service- perfect and amazing. We will definitely be back.
I absolutely love this place! The dishes that I recommend! Is Dan Dan noodles! And the dry pot number 10! I come here all the time because the food is so flavorful! And doesn't get old! Waiters are very friendly and so is the staff ask for dry pot beef or beef is so tender and absolutely amazing and I hope to God they keep their lettuce wraps chicken lettuce wraps very spicy but very delicious!!!!
I walked but this restaurant a couple times and always thought it looked really nice inside. I was craving kung pao and ordered their lunch special to go. First off they use high quality and fresh ingredients and it isn't traditional MSG dumped Chinese food. My knock on the kung pao is its a little too sweet. I also tried the dry pepper chicken which reminded of of a spicy popcorn chicken. I also had the Mapo tofu which was really good. Not too oily and very minimal if any MSG. This is definitely my go to place for Chinese in NYC.
Handy nasty (lmao) has to be one of the more authentic Szechuan restaurants this side of the globe! Best Dan Dan noodles around! Han is an amazing host and owner and jeff is a great server! It doesn't hurt that all the food is delicious! You don't know REAL Chinese food until you've eaten at Han Dynasty!
Ordered in Kung Pao Chicken and Pork Fried Dumplings. The quality of both orders was mediocre and the taste was so-so. Not what I expected given the quality of the lower east side restaurant. I would definitely not pay the price for this delivery again. There's better takeout quality all over NYC
Very delicious dishes and great service! Definitely try the dan dan noodle and dry pepper chicken as they are very authentic :)
What is wrong with the UWS? Why is the quality of food and service so poor relative to MOST other neighborhoods in NY?This is our second time at Han Dynasty - the food is really mediocre. We are quite knowledgeable about northern spicy Chinese cooking (which is where my husbands family is from) and I can say that the food is not the way it is supposed to be cooked. The spices and taste are just not at all correct. Even the tea is not right (and it is not even served hot or fresh).However, what bothered me (more so than my family) is that the servers had their hands in the food when they served - all the dishes (and others I was watching) - this was really gross. At the very least they should teach the servers how to deliver food.UWS - PLEASE get some decent restaurants.....
The upper west side isn't normally my go to for dining, but Han Dynasty completely blew away my expectations. It's in a quiet part of town and the food is authentic and delicious. When I'm craving Chinese, usually uws only caters to the hole in the wall places, but Han Dynasty is far from that. It's a great fine dining experience if you're not up for all the chaos that Time Square and other areas of New York City brings.The restaurant itself is spacious and has a large bar area when you first walk in. At the end of the bar it opens up into the large dining room with several round tables that encourages "family style" dining.My husband and I were seated at a cozy booth. We started off with appetizers; the vegetable spring rolls and vegetable dumplings and hot chili oil. For entrees we ordered the Dan Dan Noodles (without pork), the Garlic Sauce style Chicken and Cumin Style Beef. We ordered entirely way too much for our party of 2, but it was well worth it because we got to try a little bit of everything. The entrees were large enough that we had extras to take back home. The food itself I cannot rave enough about. The cumin style beef was crispy and flavorful and the Dan Dan noodles had the perfect amount of spice and seasoning. Great find for the upper west side!!
A great restaurant with a good vibrant atmosphere. The food is quite tasty and the service very pofessional. We sat at the counter and the bartender who took our order was very informed and made a wine suggestion that was excellent. We will return to this place.
Really excellent. I've been to Sichuan China, and this smells amd tastes the same. Stylish dining room, and great service. Highly recommended.
Finally made it in to Han Dynasty this weekend, and was not disappointed. Everything we ordered was delicious and the service was super friendly and helpful. Mapo Tofu was delicious, Dry Pepper chicken will be a must re-order and the dan dan noodles are what I'm most looking forward to in terms of leftovers. I appreciated that the server said they can adjust heat level on some dishes (heat levels are noted on the menu where necessary, and are very useful). It's a great spot for groups, families or a date. It's very close to the 84th St movie theater. Go and your taste buds will be happy.
My friend told me this was the best place to get authentic chinese food in NYC. Actually he said something like this place has the best chinese food in the world or something so obviously I expected a lot from this place. Honestly the food was good but nothing too special.  +1 star for the reallly large and spacious space. Good for families. The soups are a pretty good deal. We got the hot and sour soup last time for $5 and the serving was pretty large.
My husband and I love Han Dynasty! It's a spacious restaurant but also always busy - a great sign. Wonderful food and you can change the spicy level to your taste for each dish. Highly recommended.
Love the spacious restaurant, excellent service - much more comfortable than east village location. Order the Dan Dan noodles and spicy dry chicken.
Good environment, very tasty Chinese food especially tofu pot and crispy rice. Although with very high gratuity with more than 5 persons.
Excellent! Must go! I don't like Chinese food, but this one has me hooked - can't get enough.
I order some food for takeout. The food was great, however I'm little disappointed that I didn't get any fortune cookies. Also, didn't give me any napkins and utensils.
The Dan Dan Noodles: I expected decent food and then experienced next level culinary performance. Yelp pictures do not do these noodles justice; they simply cannot communicate the levels of taste that the Dan Dan noodles produce. Neither can my review.. I am at a loss for words. The Dry Pepper Chicken: extraordinary. The different levels of taste took over my senses. If I was at a loss for words before, now I am at a loss for why I ever went anywhere else for Chinese food. Do not get Chinese anywhere else in the area. COME HERE! You will thank your taste buds.Verdict: Ten stars baby!
Really really good Chinese food in a comfortable aesthetically appealing environment. We went with the two dishes that everyone raves about:Dan Dan Noodles (with vegetables)Dry Pot Style Chicken (spice reduced from 10 to 5) ...and we were THRILLED!  This place is pretty awesome!
Yum, basically just as good as the LES location - and much roomier, so there's less of a wait. Had the Dan Dan noodles and baby bok choy again, as well as the scallion pancake. So delicious and the food comes super fast!
Have been here multiple times.PROS: Consistently good authentic food.Parents love it here & say it's authentic :)Spacious restaurant that is kid friendly.Great for groups.Reasonably priced. Favorite dishes: Dan Dan noodles, string beans, fish hot sauce style, fish black bean style, dumplings.The owner Han & his family are amazing. Had the privilege of meeting Han when restaurant first opened. He shared that the artwork of Chinese scroll paintings & calligraphy in the restaurant were all painted/drawn by his father - they are beautiful.CONS:A wait for dinner on Sundays so make reservation or come early.
We've taken out from here once, and been here more than a few times. And not one of those experiences I can remember as having anything bad to write about.The dining room itself is spacious, with high ceilings and plenty of tables for parties of all sizes (it used to be a hotel lobby). There's outdoor seating, but I've never sat outside, and it's only a few tables underneath the canopy of the restaurant. Service seems pretty friendly most of the time, especially one of the managers who always chats with us whenever we go in there.But where this place REALLY EXCELS is on the food. I wouldn't recommend it if you're not into spicy foods, as that's all we ever get when we go here. The main dishes I'm sure everyone will recommend are the Dan Dan Noodles and the Dry Pepper Style Chicken (both of which are amazing), but the Wontons in Chili Oil and Dry Pot Style (anything) are also amazing. Everything is very layered to the point that even casual diners will be able to distinguish the different flavors they incorporate. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. The tap water is also refreshingly cold and tasty, I would say you don't even need a soft drink or booze to go with the meal. There is however, a bar. The longest we've ever had to wait for a table was maybe 10-15 minutes upon arrival.Not really a whole lot much else to say. Our continued patronage to the restaurant I'm sure speaks for itself more than any FourSquare or Yelp review ever could. :)
Everything was delicious and the service was top notch. Really enjoyed the tofu with veg soup in a delicious and revitalizing clear broth, the Dan Dan noodles, and the spicy hot pot with fried tofu. We will be back!
The restaurant is visually nice and great spacing between tables. We started with appetizers - Dan Noodles...this is with ground pork...never had ground pork  and most likely won't ever again...the Dan Noodles were ok. We also had the chicken dumplings...everyone at my table enjoyed them...I didn't enjoy the meat.  We had a few rice dishes that were pretty average to me. I would most likely visit this restaurant again and try new dishes. Service was ok
Hands down the best Chinese food I've ever had!!I had the garlic sauce chicken - SUPERB! My boyfriend had the pork belly flash fried entree (can't remember the exact name) - ALSO SUPERB! We both loved both dishes a ton!They serve you warm tea which was yummy.The waiter was very helpful, very knowledgeable and very fast.Food got to us quickly. It was crowded when we went at 9:00pm on a Saturday, but we were seated, assisted and served food very fast! We were never rushed though!I cannot stress it enough - BEST CHINESE FOOD EVER!!
I've always liked the place. The food is typically good,  it's kid friendly and fairly easy to get a table. My last two visits however have been disappointing.  I can confidently say our food both times has been less than fresh. We got the cumin Tofu dish today which was extra hard and tested a little old. It seemed obvious it had been just re fried to pass off as fresh . The rice was lumpy and had definitely been around a while. I've really enjoyed the food here in the past, but won't be coming back.
Updated review: 11/1/16- Some-thing changed the last two times, the food was consistently good!Initial Review:As someone who has frequented their lower east location and has given two visits to the upper west side location,  I cannot give this place more than 3 stars.- The service is excruciatingly slow. It takes 15 minutes for someone to fetch you a glass of water.- The food, especially the dan dan noodles (which is supposedly their star dish) is plain bad. It does not compare well to the preparations at its sister locations- Food consistency is questionable, it appears that the dishes here are a hit or miss depending on when, what time you visit. Bummer!- Ambience is good, much better than the sister location. - Also they take online reservations which is always a plusWill I go to Han Dynasty again? Absolutely. Will I give this location another try? Maybe
YUM! This place was delicious! I came here on a recommendation from a friend and it did not disappoint. The food was seriously some of the tastiest Szechuan Ive had in nyc. We shared the scallion pancakes and cumin beef. Scallion pancakes were tasty and not oily which I appreciated. I would share this with someone else if you order it. The cumin beef was also a generous portion and had heat if you didnt eat the peppers and was pretty hot if you did have the peppers. I recommend this dish-- I did not want it to end. Im taking a star off because the hostess was on the struggle bus when determining where we could sit. We just told her we would seat ourselves at the bar (she didn't even offer that). The bartender was really knowledgeable, friendly, and fast. Recommend you sit there if you want to get your order out quickly. Its great theres such a quality restaurant in UWS. I would def recommend this place to get your Szechuan food fix.
Anytime friends visit I bring them here. I suggest the Dan Dan noodles and Dry Pot chicken.
As a go to Chinese Mecca for my Asian friends, you know that Han Dynasty must be authentic.  I let my friend do all the ordering and we ate family style.... This means I ate more than I needed to K have no recollection of what was actually ordered!Everything was very good, but more oily than I would have preferred. The best dish involved lots and lots of peppers, but wasn't overly spicy. Next time I eat at Han Dynasty, I'll make an effort to eat in the restaurant since it looked very nice.
More like a 3.5, and the Dan Dan Noodles brings up the average. Dan Dan Noodles! I've ordered just the dan dan noodles for takeout, eaten half of them for dinner and the rest for lunch the next day. That Szechuan spice is so, so addictive. Add the creamy sesame sauce and the ground pork, and it's a great combination of noodle stuff. I haven't been to the Philly location, or even the East Village location, so I can't compare - but I've heard the dan dan noodles at those other locations are better.I had the dumplings in chili oil to start - meh. So oily and not special. I also had the double-cooked bacon, which was OK and got boring and one-dimensional after a while (and also was very oily... but forgivable since it's bacon). It was nothing to write home about. The space is... spacious! It's a huge restaurant, so it doesn't even feel like you're in Manhattan. Service was fine - nothing out of the ordinary, good or bad.In a neighborhood of crappy Chinese food, Han Dynasty brings something different to the table. If I need a Chinese food fix, I'd still schlep to Chinatown, but at least the dan dan noodles temporarily satisfy the craving.
The spicy crisp cucumber was delicious via their Tattle app reward at this second NYC location, a large schnazzy spot with a covered outdoor area leading up to entrance. Staffers were so friendly on my first visit for the dan dan noodles and even more welcoming for this second stop.newyorker.com/magazine/2…
Great atmosphere, speedy and cordial service, generous portions. Appetizers we had (scallion pancakes and cold sesame noodles) were better than average. Entrees (lo mein, kung pao, garlic sauce) were solid but not overly remarkable.
The best lunch value in Manhattan and great anytime, if you like authentic Sichuan cooking. My favorite since visiting Chengdu is the dry pepper chicken. They will adjust the spiciness either way if you ask.
Absolute favorite restaurant in NYC. This is not your typical American Chines food. You won't find the standard menu here. But fresh flavorful and genuine Schezwan preparations. Favorites are the Dry Pot style, Cumin style, the Pea greens and the Dandan noodles.Ooof! Hungry just thinking about it .Go! Especially if you like your food spicy like I do!! Although that said , my hubby is a spice wimp and even he loves this place.
I unfortunately haven't been to the other NYC location in the East Village so I don't have any comparison.Our overall experience at this location was enjoyable but definitely left more to be desired. The positive about this location is that it is HUGE and there are tons of tables for larger groups, as well as many booths. They have great interior decorations and a few TVs playing sporting events to distract you from any boring conversations you may be having.I felt the service overall was poor. Literally within 1 minute of sitting down a server came to take our orders as if we were expected to have researched the menu and be prepared as soon as we sat. She did return again in 2 minutes, which had given us enough time to decide to order a soda and an appetizer. We specifically then said we needed a few minutes to choose our entrees, and nobody returned for over 25 minutes. The food and drink were brought out extremely fast, but nobody came back to get our order. We finally flagged down a different server who took our orders and we were able to proceed with the dinner. It should be noted that we went relatively early for dinner and the restaurant was maybe only 40% full at this point.The food overall was good. Not great, compared to other places in NYC. Appetizers: Dumplings in Chili Oil, Scallion pancake: The dumplings were actually pretty good, but as described, they are just covered in oil, so be prepared if you are oil-averse. There were definitely enough to be shared. The scallion pancake was also enough to share between 2 peopleEntrees: We tried the Dan-dan noodles, cumin-style tofu, and dry-pepper chicken.-The dan dan noodles were good, but as prior reviews mentioned, they were very mushy and not as flavorful as I expected. I will plan to try them at the lower east side location, but I wasn't blown away on the Upper West Side. -The cumin-style tofu was very good. Large portion and good sized pieces of tofu. Very flavorful and not too spicy. Lots of cumin if you like that flavor. -Dry pepper chicken was well-seasoned and the right amount of spice. It's listed as an 8/10 but i personally didn't think it was outrageously spicy, which is good because you can enjoy the flavor more. Again, like others mentioned, the chicken pieces were too small and most of your bites were just fried breading instead of chicken fibers. Overall it was good chinese food but the service left a lot to be desired. The food was well-seasoned and the price point was appropriate for the quality.
This is the best restaurant i have EVER discovered in nyc! I'll start off by saying the staff is friendly and welcoming, the atmosphere and decor is extremely calm and beautiful, and the food is just f***ing delicious. I couldn't of been more satisfied with my visit here. My boyfriend and I are definitely making this our date night go-to
After reading all of the reviews - coming here for the first time was a bit intimidating. My boyfriend and I were worried about ordering the right things - so we ordered slow which worked in our favor as the people around us showed portions far to big for our stomachs. We went with the cold noodles, green beans, scallion pancakes, and steamed dumplings. Everything was amazing!
Han has some really delicious, high quality Chinese food. They specialize in fire, so the majority of the menu items have a heat level in parentheses. The 10 really is a 10, and I'm no wimp about chili peppers. As everyone else has mentioned, the Dan Dan noodles are standout (and not too spicy). The scallion pancake is uniquely flaky and not like the typical leather you get at most places. We braved it and ordered the spicy pot dry chili tofu. It was awesome and gave me a chili buzz. The interior of the restaurant is very pretty and has nice high ceilings. Unlike most establishments, you aren't on top of the folks at the next table. The servers are EXTREMELY pleasant. I highly recommend Han D.
We came to this restaurant with high expectations and were so shocked to face s very unfriendly, and more to add very poor Chinese dinner!The special of the house called Dan Dan Noodles was no more than a cheap spaghetti on an unknown sauce.  The Wonton in Chili Oil was no more than Wonton in an unknown oil and very spicy. The spring rolls were not crispy enough.For main course we ordered chicken in garlic sauce.  Well, I hope the chef understands we want chicken - not pieces of chicken deepen in a sauce.We were one of the few occupied in the restaurantThe service was very poor.  Well guys: no...no....no....no!
Reasonably well done though the cooking is a bit cookie cutter. The cold appetizers taste alright but can benefit from smaller pieces. The main courses are better but lack the traditional color of Sichuan cuisine. The hotspot is one of the more expensive dishes. But, it disappoints. There is no flavor with the shrimp, scallop, etc.
The cucumbers, dan dan noodles, chili wonton, and chicken in dry pepper is so on point  and reasonably priced.  I've been there 2x in the past month for this!Was disappointed by the fish filet in oil, it didn't come in a large pot of chili oil and peppercorn like it traditionally does.
This place never disappoints. Their cumin chicken/lamb and Dan Dan is my all time go to. Love it!!
Excellent Chinese food.  Came here on a Saturday afternoon and there was plenty of space.It's a really nice place, good decor and good staff.  And the food is great.  Get the spicy beef tripe and the double-cooked pork!
We have ordered take out from Han dynasty and last night, we decided to dine in at the restaurant. Bad idea. While we enjoyed the meal (dumplings in chili oil is good, shrimp fried rice, dry pepper chicken, cold noodles), the "customer service" was basically non-existent. She took our order and simply disappeared. We had to hunt her down for the check.  If I had written this Yelp review at the end of the meal, I probably would have given 2-3 stars since the food was not bad. My BF and I both experienced the misery of food poisoning later that evening. Clearly, we are NEVER returning to Han Dynasty.
This place is amazing. I get the dry pepper chicken with string beans and chicken dumplings in chilli oil.It's 916am in the morning on a Saturday and I'm totally jonesin' for more Han Dynasty even though I ate this for dinner yesterday night.
Best Szechuan in NYC. Big portions. Better than the 39th street crowd but wait is a bit long.
I've been here twice, once for each Dan in the renowned Dan Dan Noodles.  The first time, it was better than okay, and the second time, it was worse.  While some dishes were fresh and well-made, and clearly a notch or three above any takeout you'd likely get, everything was oil-heavy, and both meals left us feeling sluggish and slippery with regret.  Overall I'd probably give it only two stars, but for the staff, who were jolly, and for the fact that the ingredients are (definitely-maybe-I-think) fresh and high quality.  And I liked it enough that I was still curious to try the older, cozier Manhattan location in the East Village, if not the Philly original.  As for the space itself, it's damn near cavernous, by city standards and maybe by any standards, with tables placed far apart and plenty of room for large groups and families with kids.  Clean and spare, the design is nice but not memorable.  You could probably rent it out for wedding banquets.Dishes tried:- Dan Dan noodles!  (Did you know the full name of this dish is Daniel Daniel Noodles, but it's a casual kind of dish so it's cool if you shorten its name?)  This is a signature dish at Han Dynasty, and is indeed delicious.  The spiciness was medium--a "6" on their scale--and while people not used to any spice at all might consider it hot, I think for most people it'll seem pleasant, just a bit of heat.  (Note for casually observant Upper West Siders: this dish is topped with ground pork.  It's lovely, but, y'know, treyf.)- Stir fried vegetables!  These are $13-16--$13 for seasonal vegetables (asparagus, when I was there) and $16 for pea leaves with garlic.  The former was perfectly crispy but too salty, and the latter was swell, because leafy greens lightly sauteed with tons of garlic almost always are, but, it felt questionable to charge $16 for a plate of greens.- The spicy brisket noodle soup!  This was... not good.  Not awful, either, but I wouldn't recommend it.  The beef was gummy and oily and unpleasant to chew.  The spiciness was perfect--enough for flavor, not enough for pain--but it was literally the only good thing about this dish.- The spicy crispy cucumbers were indeed crispy, but not so spicy.  I think they were spiced down by staff that thought we were concerned.  - The dry pepper chicken wings were fine.- The double cooked chicken!  Tasty as heck, and a generous serving.  This is a Chinese takeout type of dish by appearance, but definitely felt a notch up from most takeout.  - I appreciated the endless Chinese Restaurant Tea (jasmine tea) in hefty iron pots, and that the beer list went beyond just Tsing Tao.
I absolutely love Han Dynasty in Philly and Cherry Hill, NJ, I eat there all the time. However, I just moved to NY and I find this particular location is just okay. Mainly for the customer service and not the food. I ordered pick-up from this location and wasn't acknowledged at all when I walked in. Both hosts were on the phone so I understood. After the male host got off the phone, he continued to do something on the iPad completely ignoring that I was standing there.  I then mentioned that I was there for a pick up and he looked annoyed and grabbed my bag. I asked for some sauce and he threw it in the bag. Looking at how much sauce he put in there I asked for a bit more - he then threw the extra sauce on the counter. The food was delicious, but the customer service could use an improvement.
This place deserves 4 stars based on the standard Chinese fare in the city, but I'd heard such great things about it, I was expecting more. Maybe the UWS location is subpar, but it was by no means outstanding Szechuan. Was it good? Yes, definitely. Better than many Chinese places in this price range.Everything was pretty good, but nothing was amazing. The mapo tofu was not nearly as spicy as I'd hoped, and consequently felt a little lacking. The Dan Dan noodles were yummy, but also tasted a little bit too much like they were in a slightly escalated version of peanut butter. And the wontons in chicken broth were not, in fact, in chicken broth - there was no broth at all! They were really spicy and I enjoyed them, but there was very little pork flavor.If that review sounds pretty negative, it's mostly because I had really high expectations. If that is the case for you - lower them. Han Dynasty is good Chinese food, but it is not amazing Chinese food. You will not be blown away, but you will be happier with your meal than at a random Chinese takeout place on the corner.
So my brother and I went on a double date here a few weeks ago, arrived at 8:30 and ended up staying until close. The conversation was fantastic and the food was pretty damn good too. Dan Dan Noodles are five stars on its own. The dry pepper fish was great, as was the shrimp fried rice. Cumin lamb was wonderful (shoulda taken some home). But the dry pepper chicken was missing the kick the 14th street Han Dynasty has. I also noticed what looked like lots of black pepper on it, which I've never noticed before and the taste was apparent. Not a fan of excess black pepper--always assumed they used something different for their dry pepper chicken but whatever. Overall, a great dining experience on a Friday night in the Big Apple.
This place is very large and very clean. It almost didn't feel like I was in manhattan! The dandan noodles were perfect. There was minced meat and a slight peanut sauce to it. Best dandan noodles in the US. We also got the eggplant which was gooey and sweet. The chicken wings were crispy and really tasty, but too expensive. The lamb and pork belly were great and paired really well with rice. Good stuff
We had a great meal for 13 at Han last night. The Dan Dan noodles are always delicious. My husband and I love the Seafood Tofu Soup--it's light and delicate and delightful. Everyone else enjoyed it too. And everyone adored the Salt and Pepper Shrimp, which works well as an appetizer. We had to order a third round. Han does a great job with vegetables. We especially like the Pea Leaves with Garlic and the Bok Choy with Black Mushrooms. Other entrees we had were Fish in Black Bean Sauce (which we get most often), Chicken in Garlic Sauce, Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork, and Lamb in Garlic Sauce. We'd get all of them again.The service was excellent, and I can't wait to return.
Chinese food with some szechaun influence in the Upper West Side? I couldn't be more thrilled. Han Dynasty just opened up a new location in the 80s on the UWS. The space is huge and you can easily bring groups of friends to eat family style Chinese food. The waiters strongly advise eating family style here. For a party of three we ordered scallion pancakes, braised beef noodle soup and beef lo mein. I thought the scallion pancakes were pretty good - not too oily! The braised beef noodle soup was okay - I was disappointed by the cheap quality of the beef. I much prefer braised beef shank to the cheap thin unknown cut of beef that they had in the soup.We also got to try some maopo tofu which is infused with szechaun spice! It left my tongue tingly and slightly numb. I loved it! But not everyone will be able to stomach the intense spicy flavors. Overall this is a welcome addition to the UWS which has a dearth of good Chinese restaurants.
These are not dandan noodles. They're some kind of weird peanut buttery linguine noodle with no trace of the traditional chili oil or noodles.... Really you can pass on any of their noodles. Their main dishes are okay but for the price you really just leave hungry and feeling generally oily all over. One thing to note is the space is absolutely beautiful - big, clean, and spacious. If you're bringing your family in town and they want to play it safe (but expensive) on the UWS you could definitely pull of Han Dynasty. If you're looking for legit chinese noodles your best bet on the UWS is still Xian Famous foods for now.
Second time I've been here. Love the ambiance, service and most of all the cuisine. Try everything honestly. I had the Don Don noodles however you spell it without pork. Then I had the rice noodles and other dishes. I can't recall the names but it was served like family style which I like. Also, I enjoyed the oolong tea they serve prior to the meal.
The braised beef soup was mediocre and the dry pepper chicken was pretty good but lacked some flavor. Not the best Szechuan restaurant that I've been too but also not the worst. Something about either the soup or the chicken made my girlfriend and I sick a few hours later. We both ate different things throughout the day so we are assuming it was this restaurant. But this is obviously just an assumption.
I have been going to the East Village location for a while, and when I saw that they opened another location in the upper west side, - where I reside - I got super-excited.I was hoping that the quality of their dishes would be the same, and even though the chef here is another person, after ordering my fave 3 dishes I have no complaints. :-)Dumplings, Dan Dan noodles and Double cooked style pork belly. They were all very good. If you haven't had dinner at this west-coast establishment, you have to try the Dan Dan noodles. They're simply a must.Simon, our waiter, was very kind and professional. The service added charm to the place. Same size, same price, same quality of the food, but here there's the possibility to mk reservations, so I have little reason to go back to the East Village location (overcrowded, loud and rushed).
I must have gone on a bad day looking at other reviews. This was disappointing. Just ok food no better than any delivery place. Can't compete with good chinese in NYC. The space is impressive though.
I'm pretty much addicted to their Cumin Style Chicken, but their entire menu is great. What I really appreciate about this place is that you can choose your level of spiciness from 1 (not spicy, possibly sweet) to 10 (Very very spicy), which means I can bring friends with very different sensitivities to spice and not worry about any of them not being able to eat the food. Their portions are very generous, which can be good or bad depending on how hungry you are, but if you get a lunch special you can get a smaller portion of your favorite foods for less-- I've done this a few times. I've also brought friends who were Gluten free and they were able to still get food there, which I found surprising since it's usually really difficult to find food for those friends when we're going out. Just ask the server for which items are safe or can be altered to be safe, and they'll be super helpful.
4.5 starsThe previous crown for best szechuan or any Chinese food on the UWS went to Legend. The crown and torch have been passed to Han Dynasty.Just about every dish I have ordered here, from the super spicy 6's and 7's to the mild vegetarian dishes have been great. Some of my favorites:- Dan Dan Noodles- Cumin Style dishes - quite hot, so beware- Double Cooked Style pork belly- Kung Pao Tofu - tasty and not too spicy- Three Cups Chicken - a bit sweet, but darn tasty. Mostly dark meat chicken- Mapo tofu - stellar version and spicyOverall the dishes comes pretty well packaged for delivery and the portions aren't skimpy. You do have to pay a few bucks for delivery online, but it's worth it.
One of our neighborhood favorites. A real standout amongst mediocre and overpriced options in the upper west side. We always start with the dan dan noodles and wantons in chili oil. For the mains, we recommend the house special fried rice, pea leaves, mapo tofu, double cooked pork and dry fried pork. Servings are large, so bring friends and enjoy a nice family style meal!
Yey! We *finally* have an excellent Chinese restaurant on the UWS. (And I've lived here for the better part of six decades.)For appetizers, try the wontons in chili oil, the tender, flaky scallion pancakes and the dan-dan noodles. The bf also likes the chicken wings, though i'm not a wings gal. For main courses, I like the dry pepper style, the hot sauce style and the double cooked style, usually with either fish or tofu. (Han Dynasty does beautiful things with tofu that actually make it good.)There are excellent beers on tap, and a full bar with some craft cocktails. The staff is friendly, professional, and very knowledgeable about the food and drink. The space is pleasant, with an attractive bar. The bar area is cozy and fun if dining alone or á deux, but the huge dining room can accommodate large parties easily.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. I've been here many times since I moved to NYC, including on my birthday! I have always gotten the same dishes over and over again, (since they're so good that I can't imagine going there and not eating them) and they are the DAN DAN NOODLES, WONTONS IN CHILI OIL, AND SPICY BEEF NOODLE SOUP! The Dan Dan noodles are absolutely AMAZING!!!! Last night I tried the Spicy cumin lamb entree which is also super tasty. It's definitely a good restaurant for spicy food lovers like myself! Lots of space, usually no wait to short wait. Very clean and very friendly staff.
The best Chinese food on the upper west side. A really decent price and the inside is quite spacious and well decorated. I would recommend their Dan Dan noodles, eggplant dish, and dry pot. Last time I went, the Dan Dan noodles and eggplant dish was more than enough for me and a friend. The three dishes would be enough for three for sure. Highly recommend for anyone who doesn't mind a little spice (I have a low spice tolerance) and wants authentic, reasonably priced Chinese food at a nicer restaurant.
My boyfriend and I come often for good szechuan food, so there has been some good history btw us and the restaurant. We always order the dry pepper chicken dish since it's our favorite, but this time it was an absolute disaster. As I am allergic to shellfish, I make sure to tell the waiter(ress) that no matter what dish I'm ordering. Mid-way thru our dish, I start biting down on huge pieces of shells! I call over the waiter to show him the pieces of shell I bit into and the other 2 pieces I took out of the dish. The manager comes over and tells us this story that he has no idea how that happened because the batter is used only for the dish and the last time they had lobster was last week. Either they're cooking with old food or there's some serious cross- contamination going on without any accountability. I wasn't looking for the food to get comped, but there wasn't even an apology! My boyfriend left as quickly as possible... with me trailing behind him looking red and blotchy.
I was so excited when I heard Han Dynasty was opening a restaurant in the UWS!!  I was actually at the East Village location for their soft opening, and have been back there several times for their tasting menu.  Loved it!   A group of 11 went to this new location on a Thurs night, and we were pleasantly surprised - what a big difference from the East Village restaurant.  It's probably 4 time bigger, and so elegantly beautiful!  Excellent service with friendly staff!  What a pleasant dining experience!  Unfortunately, Han was at the East Village location that evening, so we didn't get to hear his stories.  We hope to see him next time!  We will DEFINITELY be back to try other dishes!For tonight's dinner, we opted not to have the tasting menu this time, but instead just ordered several dishes to share:Spicy crispy cucumber - this was our first dish of the night and we were blown away at the flavor of this dish.  It was so delicious that we asked for the white rice right away so we could soak up the sauce.  I would definitely order this again next time.Spicy mung bean noodles in black bean sauce - I wish this had been our first dish, because after having the spicy crispy cucumbers, this dish seemed almost bland in comparison.  I think we would have appreciated this dish much more if our tastebuds were not still reeling from the cucumbers.Ginger Duck - not a spicy dish, so this complimented our other spicy dishes rather well. This dish had very generous portions of duck breast.   Cumin Lamb - Sooooo Good!!!!  I only wish there were more lamb in this dish.Chicken Dry Pepper Style - at first sight, it looked extremely dry and over-cooked, but boy oh boy, was it moist and bursting with heat and flavor!  Excellent dish!Eggplant w/garlic sauce - Wonderful!Can't wait to go back....I'm already planning our next menu!  :D
The food at Han is nothing short from AMAZING !!!! I recommend for you to experience for yourself. I assure you-you won't disappointed.
My fave place to go out to eat on UWS. For appetizer, dan dan noodles (they can make it without pork) are soo good. The scallion pancake is to die for, way better than anywhere else I've ever had - that perfect flaky, crispy, light but fried goodness. For main event you cannot beat dry pepper style tofu. I love it so, so much. Just wonderful flavors and texture.I also love that the restaurant is so big, you never have to worry about getting a table. For vegan food Han Dynasty is an excellent tasty choice!
Chinese person here.First thing I notice is the lack of Asians in the place, which usually for a Chinese restaurant is a sign that its not authentic.Suspicions confirmed. Dan Dan noodles were extremely mediocre. Portions were huge, probably to compensate for the lack of flavors and spice. The meat that came with the noodles were extremely dry and tasteless.Try to stay away from the cumin tofu. It was very alright, kinda expensive and blatantly adapted to American tastes.ALSO, if you want any degree of spice in your food you have to start from 8.The restaurant decor is nice and the waiters are attentive when you get their attention.
In summary, there's no reason to go to this very average Asian place when the excellent (but relatively unknown) Canteen 82 Asian & Dumpling restaurant is just a few blocks away.We really wanted to like this place...we liked the complimentary pots of tea served to the table...we liked the well organized menu...we liked the huge dining room...we liked the craft beer menu.But the food and service are a disappointment.  We ordered the dan dan noodles, tofu crispy rice, and ginger duck.The big problem with both the noodles and the crispy rice were the sauces.  Both tasted very "suburban" - lots of msg and low quality oils.  Even the vegetables were only average quality.The duck itself was good, but the vegetables and sauce were only OK.As for the service: too many busboys and not enough waiters.  You can get your water refilled 5 times before a waiter takes your order.  Then all your food arrives within 3 minutes.
I have been to this location 3 times since they have opened. I always opt to sit at the bar because I normally come alone .  The bartender which is normally a the manager always is attentive and very informative when it comes to their menu and recommendations.  I have been to their location in Lower Manhattan and I love this location because it is more space and not a long wait .   I have also lived in Philly where the brand originated from and the food, service,  and quality is ALWAYS consistent.  My fav dishes to order are the Dan Dan noodles, Kung Pao shrimp, and dumplings in Chili oil.  If you enjoy spicy this establishment is the place for you.  If you don't enjoy spicy food tell your server and they are great at making recommendations.  The decor is simple and clean.  I believe this location use to be part of a restaurant ballroom.
I found the food here to be appreciably worse than the downtown location- more bland and also more oily. However, the Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumber, and the dry spicy chicken still hit the spot.
I normally don't like Chinese food, but the spicy pepper chicken here is amazing! Great, classy vibe, and very fast service (we got our food within 5-7 minutes of ordering). Came for dinner (for two people) on Sunday night around 7pm, and we were seated immediately.
Pretty good for a UWS joint. There's a lot of space inside, which is nice that you're not on top of the table next to you. I am obsessed with the spicy tofu fish. It's like a mapo tofu with fish instead of pork. Love it. Beef tendons are a close second for me. Overall, the dishes are pretty mild in spice - I'm used to crying my eyes out when I eat Szechuan, but even their category 10 spice (highest on their menu) is pretty tame. Other dishes we had were:- wontons in chili oil (good)- dan dan noodles (terrible - they include peanut sauce)- dry pot style pork (good)- double cooked style pork (amazing)- spicy tofu fish (to die for)- beef tendon (to die for)- pea leaves with garlic (delicious)- bok choy and mushrooms (delicious)
Eaten here twice. Dry style pepper chicken is pretty good. Don't be afraid for the spice ratings on the menu. It's not that hot. If you enjoy Thai, you'll be fine here. They can get pretty busy but I've always been able to get a table right away.
New favorite Szechuan restaurant - plenty of choices on the menu, quick service, good prices, nice setup, even worth eating/ordering at the bar and watching some sports. Highly recommend stopping by.
The chicken wings suck. The spicy cucumber salad is amazing. The Hot Sauce Style chicken or tofu is incredible. Great waiter service, and the ambiance is wonderful.
Nice and spacious interior, offering round tables for large group of people. They serve great spicy and aromatic Chinese cuisines, and can also do non spicy dishes. The noodles and pastries are must-order, and also try the spicy wonton/dumplings.
Super nice place! I can't believe I haven't come across it before. I came in around 4pm with a friend and we both really enjoyed our food. I got the spicy beef soup, which was super yummy. The noodles and meat were perfect. The broth was also really good and tasteful! I'd definitely return again.
Hard to find good chinese outside of chinatown. This place has most amazing space for NYC Manhattan...extremely spacious. Its an old beautiful ballroom converted a few years back. The service was good..the food was excellent. Veggie fried rice was spectacular and the fried tofu kung puo was yummy...especially the fried tofu...try it in any of their dishes..a real winner. When you are meeting NYC transplants who have been in the city a few years and your tired of being crammed into small spaces...this should be your go to place..trust me..its a winner!
This used to by my favorite restaurant but now they have lost my business. I've been getting the pickled chilli style tofu and the mapo tofu here constantly. Recently all of my orderes of these dishes have been coming with fried triangles of tofu. Not the soft white cubes that EVERY other place makes mapo tofu with and with which they used to make the pickled chilli style tofu with. I've asked on multiple occasions at both locations to get these dishes with soft tofu and they did not do it. I also got some excuse about the soft tofu not being able to stand up to the sauce which is bull BC it was made with soft tofu for years and every other place is able to make mapo with soft tofu so not sure what the problem is. I'm moving on,no more Han dynasty for me.
I've walked by HD many times and I finally tried it Saturday night.The menu is pretty simple. Most of the dishes are very spicy and there is actually a spice hotness level of 1-10 listed on the menu. I personally prefer very spicy dishes so I have no problem with a high spice level. However, they will lower the spice level if you request.I ordered tofu in cumin sauce. It was delicious! My wife ordered some kind of battered fish in a sauce. It was also good, but there was nothing particularly "Chinese" about it. When we return to HD we will likely order fish again but in a different sauce.The food was good quality and the portions were huge. In fact, we took leftovers home and we still had enough for lunch the next day. Two light eaters can easily split a single entrée.We also ordered sesame noodles and scallion pancakes. They were good but nothing outstanding.My gripe with this place was the service. When we got there we were asked if we had reservations. We didn't and we were told there would be a 30 minute wait. The hostess took my wife's name and number and apparently recorded it in her ipad. After about 40 minutes I asked the hostess what the status of our table was. She asked if we signed in. I told her that my wife already gave her our contact information 40 minutes earlier. The hostess went into her ipad and realized she erased my wife's information and that is why it took so long. She was very apologetic and got us a table immediately. Still, not cool.Also, our waitress was nice but it took a very long time between receiving our appetizers and entrees. The waitress stopped by a couple of times to check on us and was very apologetic but it was unpleasant to wait so long.Overall, however, the food at HD was good. We will be back.
Food: family style, comes out quick.. Split the dan Dan noodles, pickled vegetables, Sichuan oil dumplings (my fav) and a few of the entrees.. Food has a spicy scale of 1-10 next to each item; decent selection of wine beer and cocktailsService: our waiter was helpful with the menu and informing us of how much we should order; we did have to ask for clean plates, napkins and more tea Ambience: relaxed vibe.. Ante room when you walk in with a bar a little further down and then it opens up into a large dining area
Good experience! Good food. Great for groups. They have some good options for vegetarians. Really nice fun evening with good food:)
One of the best spots for Chinese in NYC. They have a spice scale (1-10) and that helped me pick out which dish(es) I wanted (up there on the scale, lol). Dry pepper chicken and hot sauce beef are awesome. Wonton soup is excellent too. Service was on par. Definitely recommend with a FIVE ALL DAY!
My go to restaurant in the uws. So much flavor in every dish, presentation is beautiful, service is on point.
One of my favorite restaurants in UWS!-Amazing, tasty food - my favorites are Dan Dan Noodles, Pea Leaves & Garlic and Spicy Tofu Fish!-Fast, friendly service.-Large space! I have no complaints for this place. It has everything that I want in a restaurant. However, I would not suggest this place if you hate spicy food!
I've been meaning to write this review for a long time.  Best Chinese on UWS by far, in a swanky place with a great bar.  Simon and David are world class, impeccable service.  Most of the food is very spicy but it's supposed be, just order the lower numbers if you can't take the heat!  Fabulous place.
Very fast delivery so kudos there, but awful food. The beef was so thin/small it was like jerky, and the chicken was so fatty and chewy I couldn't eat it. The rice noodles with veg didn't even come with any sauce so completely plain??? Never again. Sad because I really want a solid option for Chinese food on the UWS that'll deliver to our address and yet to find one.
I wanted to love love love this location. A big group of friends decided to do the monthly tasting tonight. Every first monday of every month there are tastings of 15 dishes, 40 dollars per person of menu items not on the menu and a few classics like the Dan Dan noodles.The first disappointment came when 3 small dishes came out for a table of 11. I repeat, eleven people. Han, why do you think you can serve 11 people 15 dishes total for 40 dollars a person? We flagged servers down, after a plate of dumplings came out short of 11. You had people counting heads all night and still manage to not satisfy our belly! I had to order a few more dishes (chicken wings) bc they weren't on the tasting menu. Servers told us that the kitchen made a limited number of dishes for every tasting and that we couldn't double up on dishes for the table. Did I tell you we had 11 people? Family style of sharing 15 small to medium plates. The frustration of how greedy this location has become. I enjoyed the original location more.  (40 bux a person x 11 people) / 15 dishes + 2 orders of wings + tax/tip tonight came to 50 dollars. We each spent almost 30 dollars per plate, PER PLATE. Blows my mind!! We all left unsatisfied and hungry. AVOID THIS TASTING MENU, THIS UWS LOCATION AT ALL COST!
Amazing. Maybe because I'm from Miami and we have terrible Chinese, but this was one of those dinners that are so good nobody can stop eating!
Dan Dan noodles were mushy, which was so disappointing after these reviews.  We couldn't eat a pile of mush.While I always wonder what the fish is when a dish is described as "fish," the dry pepper fish was good.We went with 8 and 9 spice levels and could have easily gone for 10 or more if available.  It's Americanized spicy.If I was hungry and wanted Chinese cuisine, I'd go again maybe, but not a must have in our minds.
My mom and I ate at Han dynasty last week and were blown away by the food and service. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in providing suggestions. We ended up sharing the fried dumplings and two entrees, all of which were delicious! We will definitely be coming back!
Not as good and tastes differently from the original Han Dynasty in Philadelphia. The spicy cucumbers were chopped smaller & sweeter, the dumplings in chili oil contained very little meat & mostly dough, the beef & tripe in chili oil (my favorite) was not as spicy & much saltier. I think the management should stick to staying consistent with the restaurant which is a staple in university city in philly. The Dan Dan noodles were excellent and still their best dish.
When I was visiting New York, my family and I were incredibly obsessed with this restaurant. Even though the place wasn't traditional or like the Chinese restaurants we usually go to, their food tasted exactly the same as the traditional restaurants and were up to my expectations.         It's a really nice place, very clean and spacious. My favorites that we ordered were the kung pao chicken, the fried pork, the spicy dan dan noodles, and the unimaginably spicy beef noodle soup. Even though the beef noodle soup was really really spicy, I enjoyed it since I was up to the challenge to see if I can finish it or not. Everything was cooked to perfection, and my family loved it as well.        We stayed in this area for about four days, and in those four days we ate at Han Dynasty two times. Yes, it was really that good. They definitely need to open one up where I live!
First time review - after reading the many good reviews on Yelp, I decided to give Han Dynasty a try. Ordered take-out: Garlic-style chicken & dumplings in chili oil. The food arrived about 20 minutes after the order was placed. Both were delicious! There are now very few Chinese restaurants (worth patronizing) in this part of the UWS & I'm thrilled that we have a very good one. Next time we will eat on-site.Update: Han Dynasty is now charging $2.95 for deliveries. This was not the case in the past. Not a deal-breaker but a nuisance given that virtually all other UWS restaurants offer free delivery.
Vey good spicy food, maybe not totally authentic but tasty none the less. Cold sesame noodles actually taste like sesame and Hunter, not peanut butter. Delicious dumplings in chili sauce. Cumin style chicken also very good. Attentive if somewhat hasty service. I'll be back!
I totally love this place ! My fav. cuisine is Chinese and I think this place does true justice to various types of schezwan style Chinese food.  Restaurant is very specious so it definitely gives a fancy place setting. Staff is also attentive and polite, which also makes the experience even better. My fav. things to eat at Han are chili oil dumplings (they can replace pork for chicken ones) , fried rice and chicken dishes. I give this place full thumbs up for food, quality, space, cleanness, staff. Took one star off only because I wasn't asked for dessert lol..maybe they don't serve any? I guess i will not know till next time.
I was in the neighborhood and had an urge for Sichuan. I figured since the menu was so small, they probably stuck to what they did best. If so, meh! The pickled vegetables were very salty and did not taste as expected. The Lo-Mein was absolutely average. I prefer roast pork to the non-roasted type they served. The rice was DRY. The cumin-crusted pork tasted more like it was flavored with taco seasoning. Dad-Dan Noodles were pretty good. Nice place though. Deceptively large.
absolutely love this place.  great service every single time.i love the cold spicy porkbelly. its my absolute fav. the cumin style, and
Our server, Gina B. is awesome!  Gave very good recommendations and was very nice. Food is fantastic and portions are nice and large. We ordered the Dry Pepper chicken and the Kung Pao chicken as entrées. Scallion pancake and Chili wonton were our appetizers. All fantastic. Very stuffed right now! :)
Dinner was amazing. Our food was delicious, price was fair, and service was great. We ordered shrimp fried rice and Kung Pao shrimp and egg rolls, and it was perfect for two people. They also gave us a glass of wine on the house for my boyfriend's birthday!
New restaurant only about three weeks old. Food is fantastic and the chicken was especially delicious. The interior is an old converted ballroom which has a fantastic ambience. Would totally have been five stars but the interior needs still needs a little bit of work. I will definitely be back.Ps. Staff was incredibly friendly, you guys rock.
Came here on a weekday night. Very large space, reminiscent of a ballroom or event space. Lots of tables and party areas...large space could potentially be  very noisy, although wasn't too bad on our quiet night visiting.Service was exactly as some reviewers have described. Initially very attentive, the the server disappeared until the check came. We had to flag down several other servers to ask for a few things since ours was nowhere to be found.Hubs and I shared the spring rolls which were good, nothing fancy. He got the Cumin Tofu which was VERY good. Obviously if you are not a fan of cumin, stay away from this one, as it's full of it. My husband asked for duck sauce to use as a dipping sauce, as the tofu, while flavorful was a little dry. I got the dry pepper chicken which tasted great. As a word of warning, if you don't like dark meat, avoid this one, as it appears to be mostly boneless thigh meat.
This is a wonderful departure from the normal chinese food that you normally find in the city.  The food is not drowned in thick, overly heavy sauces that is the staple of most chinese restaurants.  I started with an order of fried dumplings. The skin was nice and thin the way real dumplings are, pan fried in the traditional way with wonderful flavor.  For my main course I had the cumin chicken.  The flavor mix was wonderful, cumin, hot pepper and garlic, with each being distint.  The chicken was cooked properly, still most and delicate and the vegetables were not mushy but still had a nice crispness to them.The main room looks to be a wonderfully restored old lobby.  Very nicely appointed.  Service was attentive and prompt.  Not inexpensive, but great food.
Lovely decor, very open. Almost too open, seemed sort of empty but it was early on a Friday night (6pm). Wonderful tea served when you sit down. Apps: disappointed that there were only pork, chicken and vegetable dumplings and spring rolls and no shrimp or crab. We ordered the scallion pancake instead and it was delicious. Entrees: we ordered the Dan Dan noodles and they were soooooo good. Wonderful nutty sauce and perfect amount of spicy. Great price for those too. We also ordered black bean shrimp and it was quite overpriced. ($21 something?). There were 8 decent sized shrimp and some green peppers that we didn't really enjoy because they were so raw. I guess because I know how much it would cost me to buy 8 big shrimp it irks me that they charge so much, but it is a restaurant, so i know I shouldn't think of of costs like that. Just seemed outrageous for 8 shrimp and green peppers. Kind and prompt service. We will def go back for those noodles, and maybe skip the expensive entree.
Han dynasty is one of the best places on the upper west side if you're looking for quality Chinese food with a gourmet style! Dan dan is good (better at restaurant) and cumin style lamb is pretty good. 4 stars because  sometimes the rice dishes and noodle dishes can be a bit off. But everything is high quality.
Much ado about nothing. We've "dined" there twice and were disappointed both times. Returned a second time only because people rave, Second time was worse than the first. Food was floating in oil (OK. Maybe it's the region of China) and service was atrocious. We waited forever between courses. After an extraordinary interval, our server informed us they'd run out of the chicken for a dish we ordered, but they did have chicken for other preparations (?) They also ran out of brown rice. It was a Saturday night, people, and normal dinner time. They did offer to buy us a round of drinks and deducted about $30 from our check, but, no, we will not return and I do not recommend. This from a native New Yorker who's been eating Chinese food her whole life.
I ordered a Dan Dan noodles and beef tendon in chili oil for lunch today.I am Chinese and I was aware of the fact that I cannot use my normal standard in UWS. I was right.Dan Dan noodles was over-cooked and almost broke apart as you serve it. Flavor of the beef tendon was good. I was very disappointed by the simple bowl of white rice that came with the beef tendon - half is raw and half is overnight leftovers! How can anyone cut corners with white rice?! I dare to say Ollies or other smaller take-out places in the hood never do that. It's just so wrong!This just revealed the quality of people that runs the kitchen and unfortunately the typical cheapness of a small group of unethical Chinese restaurant management.
Excellent food, service. I only ever really sit at the bar but it's a great place to grab a drink and maybe some Dan Dan noodles or Kung pow chicken. The food prices are average but quality is above average! Open on Xmas and most holidays. I'm becoming a regular..This is my new favorite restaurant on the uws!
The greatest Chinese food in NYC. I came here for lunch on Friday. (It's reasonably priced, by the way!) I sat at the bar because I was alone. The bartender was great. Superb! He excelled at everything--beer knowledge, customer service, pleasant company, etc. The beer selection was great, too.I had been meaning to go to the Third Ave. location since the stellar review in NY Mag, and I knew what I was supposed to get, but instead I weakened for my favorites, kung pao chicken (Spicy level 3, not extreme) and fried dumplings (not spicy, no level). Those are the best dumplings I've ever had, and I eat a lot of dumplings. I can't wait to go back.
