One of the best restaurants I have done a tasting menu at and they serve an expansive list of creative non alcoholic cocktails which are refreshing and fun. The tasting menu is offered both vegetarian and non vegetarian. The presentation of each course sung precision, harmony and flavor depth. One of their new additions, the dark cake, had a rich intensity beckoning on chocolate but contained no chocolate. The chef reimagined classic flavors in new innovative ways (strawberries with garam masala? A mint popsicle) and harmonized beautiful ingredients (morelle mushrooms) that left me longing for a return visit.
Last evening, I visited Indian Ascent on a special occasion of my birthday. Before visiting the place I was v happy as i was going to Indian Ascent to celebrate my bday.  My husband and I had reached the place yesterday, September 25 at 9:00 pm as per our booking. Upon my arrival, the person in the front desk wished me and made up seated. We were waiting for our server. Our server only came after 20 mins after we were seated and there was no one before that who even asked for water. The server explained us the menu and we requested for some time for which  he only came after 15 mins after we requested him to come couple of times.Once the starters were severed the main course really really took a while to come and that too something we did not order. But we dint say anything as we thought no one will care.After the food was severed no one even came to ask for desserts and we requested some other server for the dessert menu. By this time our server had completely disappeared and no where to be seen.After desserts we were so bored with the place that we asked for the bill immediately.We didnt want to raise this issue there as no one was concerned. I really appreciated the food and quality, but service was just below We reached the place at 9:00 pm and we left around 11:00 pm  with no great experience.After spending so much, we didnt even get an experience or service of a 2 star hotel. We are bringing it to your notice so that you get a chance to improve your service.Really disappointing.
Being an Indian raised in India, I had a mental block against paying hundred bucks for a tasting menu for Indian food. Until a chef friend convinced me that Indian Accent is really truly worth it. Glad I listened to him!This isn't your typical taj-bombay-palace-durbar-bhavan-buffet Indian food. This is high end creative fine dining, with a mix and match of different ingredients, flavors, textures, and presentation. We went for a 9-course chef's tasting menu. The Kashmiri morel mushroom and the soft shell crab were my favorite. The stuffed kulchas were so perfectly balanced, yet different from the usual kulchas. The sweet rib was a tad too sweet, but the texture was perfect. And the desserts were truly fusion and satisfying, not heavy and oversweet like Indian desserts tend to be.The decor and service were top notch. The cocktails very innovative and strong. The whole experience, well worth the $$$$ bill.
I would have given the restaurant 5 stars, but our confirmed reservation was canceled, since we didn't show up at 8pm - Open table had it at 8:30pm and the restaurant called to confirm for 8:30pm.Anyway, off to a rocky start, but the food made up for it.  the menu is set up with a number of options, from a chef tasting menu, and then a very wide open prefix menu.  Essentially, you get to pick 3-4 items from any of the courses.We ordered some drinks, a proper copper and a almond milk fruit drink which i can't remember the name of.  Both were good.  While waiting for the meal to start, we were given some pumpkin soup shooters.  Great flavor, and a perfect .  For the apps we ordered the Bhel and the tofu.  Both were amazing.  For the main course, we ordered the chicken pakora with kadhi, and the lamb chili stir fry.  for the accompaniment, we opted for some rice and dal, and also the kulcha (stuffed bread).  Lamb was good, and the chutneys provided with the meal were amazing.  The green chili chutney was by far my favorite, packing some really nice heat. the lamb also came with some really tiny and extremely thin romaji rotis.  Great to make your own little taco's!The chicken dish was also amazing, with a very modern twist, and some very traditional flavors.  The kulcha was also amazing.  Again, great flavor, and very light and fluffy. For my final course, i opted for another entree; the shrimp and pork.  This dish was good, however not as balanced as the chicken or lamb dishes.My wife opted for the Malai desert for her final dish, and she really enjoyed it.  It was an aerated mouse of sorts, that just melted in your mouth.  The only odd thing about the dish was the size.  It was massive.  A smaller size, would have probably been better.  But who can complain of being given too much food?!??!With the bill, we were given some digestives (candied ginger, sesame items and a few others).  A nice snack after the meal.The restaurant is modern and clean.  The bar area can get a little loud (especially if there is a loud group there).  Overall a great meal, and some fantastic food, from the plating to the flavors.Can't wait to return!
The best food ever and Adeline was super great at the bar. She made awesome drinks and was a delight. Best food we have had in the US!! Must try for sure.
What an amazing surprise this place is!!! I am so impress with the food, quality, service... this is what I call " a True Culinary Experience!! If you are in NY, you MUST come eat hear. Absolutely perfection!
I finally had the chance of visiting Indian Accent. The ambience was absolutely beautiful and not your typical indian restuarant. The food was absolutely delicious, however I would consider it indian fusion. It was be a disappointment for anyone hoping to eat authentic indian food.
Super creative Indian food in the heart of midtown. My husband is South Indian and really appreciated the flavors and dishes at Indian Accent. We really enjoyed the lamb, sweet potato and poha. The hoisin duck and butter chicken kulcha accompaniments are not to be missed. They were very small bites and were perfect for sharing. The pulled jackfruit and pulled pork were also very good. I feel like we could have skipped desert because we were very full but my hubs ordered the Makhan Malai because of all the Instagram pics. It was beautiful and had a very strong saffron flavor. But it was not my favorite because it was too  perfumey and sweet. We both liked the  Doda Barfi Treacle Tart because it was an Indian take on the traditional British sticky toffee pudding.
Checked in on 12/28/2016.Ideally, I would have liked to give a 4.5 star rating, details on that below.  But since Yelp does not have half star ratings, I had the choice to go with 4 or 5 star and I chose 5 star, because everything else met my expectations.Having heard (and read) so much about Indian Accent, I went with high expectations and I was not disappointed.  Our table ordered more items than I'm listing below, but I'm reviewing only those that I tasted:     1) Bengal Rice Khichdi, crispy lentils, smoked papad - excellent     2) Arbi, paneer, sarson ka saag, corn roti - excellent     3) Salmon, dill, chutney potatoes - outstanding     4) Braised lamb, prune korma, rajasthani pearl millet khichdi - outstanding     5) Black dairy dal - excellent     6) Morel pulao - disappointing     7) Butter chicken kulcha - very good, but very small serving     8) Makhan malai, saffron milk, rose patal jaggery brittle, almonds - disappointing     9) Doda barfi treacle tart, vanilla bean ice cream - excellent     10) Mudra punch - outstanding     11) Pumpkin Shorba - outstanding     12) Blue cheese naan - okMorel pulao and Makhan Malai are the two dishes because of which I wanted to take off half star from the rating.  When a restaurant charges the prices like Indian Accent does, I expect all the menu items to be at that high level, but these two disappointed me.  I did not think there was anything extraordinary about them.  When Indian Accent can elevate an every day dish like Khichdi to excellent status, they should be able to do better with mushroom pulao and a dessert.  Service was good and ambience was subdued and non-Indian themed.  I debated between 4 and 5 stars but in the end went with 5 because of the creative menu.  I'm tired of seeing run of the mill menu items in every Indian restaurant I visit.  The items I tried at IA were tasteful, had good share of Indian spices and they did not have "americanized" taste.  All the dishes stayed true to their roots, yet were different.  No doubt this is an expensive restaurant, but overall the dining experience there is worth it.  There was restaurants for every pocket and every occasion in NYC.  If one can't afford it, or if it's a casual visit to the city, there are other choices.  Indian Accent is not your everyday dining venue.
I picked this restaurant to celebrate a wedding anniversary with my hard-working husband, and from the reservation to the meal, it was perfect! The decor is, I believe, deliberately understated because the star is the food, coupled with knowledgeable sommeliers and waitstaff (we had a waiter who wanted to try his Hindi with us). So good that my husband, who rails at the poor service at most NY restaurants, and at Indian restaurants in particular, continues to rave about the exemplary service we got here.  And the food was unimaginably delicious and inventive, every dish a burst of taste and a palate pleaser.  The only dish which could be improved (and I will be a South Indian food snob here), was the dosa, which could have been a touch tangier (yes, the batter should have been a tad more fermented).  I'm sure that has been addressed, as the waiter made a mental note of it to convey to the chefs, who are clearly meticulous about the dishes, their preparation and their presentation.  I sure hope this restaurant sticks around, as I am certain the chefs have a lot more up their sleeves, and I would love to experience more of what their imaginations offer.
Having had high-end Indian (and Indian-inspired) cuisine in the past, and being familiar with Manish Mehrotra's Delhi restaurant, my husband and I were really looking forward to celebrating his birthday here. We booked a spot well in advance, and I called a few days ahead to mention 1. that he is vegetarian (typically not a huge problem with Indian restaurants in general, but we were going for the tasting menus so I wanted to be certain that he'd have options) and 2. that it was his birthday and I'd appreciate it if they could put a little candle or something jazzy on the dessert to make it a little special. The person taking my call sounded quite nonchalant and dubious, and sure enough when dessert came around at the actual meal - no candle, nothing. We even mentioned that it was his birthday before the meal began, and got no response at all.Service was very spotty, with around 5 'checkups' within the first 10 minutes of receiving the menus that made us feel like we had to be apologetic for not making quick decisions on the wine and food, and then being mostly ignored when it came to water refills (plus, the sommelier spilt our wine both times he came by to to refill our glasses), and finally it took an age to get the check. The food itself was interesting and mostly tasted good, though I'm not entirely certain that this experience merited the cost in the end. I know they are gunning for a Michelin star but the service definitely needs to be improved for that to happen - I did try to find an email address on their website to reach out to so that I could tell them directly instead of writing a public Yelp review, but that was nowhere to be found.
This is so not your usual local Indian restaurant! We had an absolutely memorable dinner here. Dishes are presented as works of art with wonderful and delicious combinations of flavors. Try the four course dinner and do the wine pairing with it. It is a little pricey but you won't regret it. For appetizers, we did pass on the goat brains (just couldn't..!) but the smoked eggplant was yummy. The baked sea bass was cooked all the way but still buttery soft. Try the treacle tart for dessert. Yum.
I was particularly interested to try this restaurant out because while it maintains its Indian authenticity, it spruces the food up with a little bit of a modern twist. We started with blue cheese naan and a tomato shorba as an amuse bouche and they were delicious. I took lots of pictures but don't recall every single one of the dishes on the tasting menu. I do remember that the salmon was cooked to absolute perfection and that the makhan malai (whipped desert) was the perfect finish to the meal.  It was light, airy and sweet. We ordered a few mixed drinks off the menu and they came out tasting as wonderful as they looked. The service was also incredible. The waiters were extremely attentive and took the time to explain anything we asked but they were never overbearing. The decor is modern and minimalistic but inviting. The lighting is bright but cozy and warm at the same time. Portion sizes are small as you would expect with a tasting menu, however, they were absolutely satisfying--didn't feel like I needed to grab a slice of pizza after the dinner was over :) I would definitely recommend this place if you're bored with the usual offerings at a traditional Indian restaurant and you've already been to Junoon or Tamarind way too many times
Serendipity.Tried to go to Bengal Tiger Indian Food, which is approximately one block away. But, although they were at least 15-20 minutes from their published closing time, we were turned away before we even made it through the front door.Bengal Tiger's loss ended up being our gain, as we found Indian Accent, which despite having the same published closing time as Bengal Tiger, warmly welcomed and timely sat us for what ended up being THE MOST unique Indian meal we've ever had the pleasure to enjoy (anywhere on the planet).Now, let me preface this all by saying this was the most "unique" Indian meal we've ever had, which in some respects means not the best, and in some respects means the best.Sufficiently confused? Lol. Here's the thing ... We opted for the chef's tasting menu - one vegetarian, one non-vegetarian. I - we - were unaware of any Indian restaurant with a chef's tasting menu, and so began the uniqueness.I'm posting pictures of all, in order, after posting the menu itself, so it will be easy enough to follow.Here are some of "the best" highlights:- Potato sphere chaat with white pea mash- Black dairy dal with kulchas- The arbi paneer sarson ka saag with corn roti- Mushroom kulchaAnd, the two dessert courses, which are among the very best and very finest desserts we've had, anywhere. The latter of which is what a pecan pie might be like in "heaven". Absolutely amazing.Oh, yes, the service was exceptional, too, and we were greeted with a 3rd dessert to close out the night, on the house.Fantastic overall experience. Worth every cent. Highly recommended to any / all that truly savor a fine dining experience coupled with an amazingly inventive chef.
What an enjoyable evening. One of the best meals we ve had in a long time. We had 7:45 pm reservations. We were greeted by a gentleman wearing a suit. After confirming our reservations we were seated immediately by a young lady working at the front desk. The restaurant has a modern look to it. It has clean lines. The chairs are cushion and soft and not your typical dining chair. The space was bright. We ve eaten Indian food before but we needed some help from one of the many servers who waited our table. You have a choice of a three course or four course meal. There is also a chef's tasting menu. There is also a pretty extensive wine list. We talked at length with the wine steward and settled upon a brisk white wine. There are four categories of food to order from. The fourth being dessert. You can make your choices all from  one categories or opt for any combination. We were given a starter of Two small naan breads stuffed with cheese. They were only the size of a large quarter but were delicious. Next  we had a small square of chopped chickpeas made into a cake with a hot pepper skin. Again it was very good. Finally we had a small serving of cold pumpkin soup   It was also very tasty. Next we were served our first choices which consisted of two shredded potato ball cover with white bean mash, yogurt and something else. The mixture of flavors was excellent. Our next dish consisted chopped chicken with nuts formed into a round cake. It was pleasantly spicy and good. Next we had beef kabobs and an order of two pickled spare ribs. The ribs were tender and meaty. The kabobs were served a nice brown sauce. We also received a bowl of naan bread to enjoy with these dishes. The naan was a nice touch and welcomed. Our final two dishes were tamarind sea bass and a lamb dish. There two small fillets that were nicely prepared. The spice was not overpowering and the fish was delicious. I enjoyed the lamb dish but it was probably my wife's least favorite dish. But that would matter because she will definitely want to come back here. The service was excellent. We started with a waitress who took our order but had at least three or four other people attend to us throughout the night. This  was fine dining and great service   The portions are not large but by the end of the vining you are delightfully full and we didn't have dessert.   This was a food experience.
Dinner at Indian Accent was truly exceptional. I have never enjoyed a prix fixe dinner more. Every course bursted with unique Indian flavor, spice, and creativity.The menu was difficult to understand fully at first but our server was lovely and helped answer all of our questions. We all decided to go with the four-course-meal ($90 per person). Interestingly, you do not need to pick one dish from each of the four sections on the menu but instead can mix and match as you choose (technically you could order four entrees if your heart and stomach so desired...although I wouldn't recommend it).We each got different dishes so that we could try multiple items on the menu, many of which are based off of Indian street food. I am sincere when I say that everything we tasted was wonderful. Highlights included the kashmiri morels, the duck chettinad with foie gras, soy keema, the lamb and lentil gosht, and the kulcha breads (these are not part of the four course meal but we ordered two on the side - the hoisin duck stood out). My one criticism was that we found the four course meal to be too much food. Portions weren't tiny and therefore we filled up quickly. Next time I would opt for the three course instead, even though I thought we all had big appetites!
The food was flavorful but not spectacular.  The fusion concept was a bit bizarre  - blue cheese inside a nan the size of a large coin had confusing flavors, there's no basmati rice, the 1/2 cup lamb stew was way too expensive for what it is.  I spent almost 200 dollars for a 2 course pre-fix option and was marginally pleased by anything I tasted.  The plating was pretty; the flavors unimpressive and the price way too high.  I have been to other delectable 9-course with wine pairing settings and Indian Accent fails by comparison.  What they succeed in is getting your money for a little frufru plating devoid of distinct fascinating flavors.  What a sad dining experience. Super Overrated!
I've had the pleasure of dining at the original Indian Accent in New Delhi many times. I was beyond excited that an Indian Accent was coming my way in Manhattan. I was also curious if it would meet my expectations, seeing as the Delhi location was phenomenal. And I'm happy to say it did not disappoint!I went for lunch with a group of three others and we all did the three course lunch menu. I believe two courses was $31 and an extra $11 for a dessert course. The waiter however told me that you can choose from any course and mix and match and it doesn't have to be one appetizer/main/dessert type of thing. We ordered one of everything! The meal started with a complimentary amuse bouche, this time it was a delicious pumpkin with a savory coconut flavor, and baby blue cheese naan (just like Delhi!). Everything was delicious. Each meal is creative and is a twist on traditional indian cuisine. This is not your typical "butter chicken fix", no. If you want to try innovative Indian fusion cuisine this is your spot, incorporating cuisine from all over India-- influences from the south with the dosas and vadai to the northern Punjab region with punjabi kadhi. And not everything needs to be classified and that's the beauty of it, some dishes are just a blend of creative deliciousness that keeps you wondering what is in this dish??My favorites from the current menu (they change it up accordingly every season) were the tofu coconut vadai and the bombay pao baji. Both had a great blend of flavor and textures. We tried the tuna bhel which was cool and refreshing, sweet and savory, with a mixture of soft tuna and crispies. Please do order the duck naan from the accompaniments, it was our favorite at the Delhi location and delicious here as well. We ordered the doda barfi treacle tart (hmmmm) and the crispy vermicelli dessert. Both were worthy of licking the plate clean, especially the soda barfi which was warm and gooey and reminiscent of pecan pie. Try this place before it becomes impossible to secure a reservation, it certainly is on that path. Also I would be surprised if it doesn't get a Michelin star soon. The service is great, they will ensure you have a wonderful time. I will update this once I go for dinner, which is definitely going to happen.
Service: very good and accommodating; I came with a party of 7 and was seated outside. They quickly extended the awning to provide ample shade. They were also very helpful with ordering and informative. Food: amazing. Complimentary naan and paneer starter was savory, and the soup was rich. Butter chicken kulcha was intense in its flavor, in a great way. Soft shell crab with rice was delicious; the crab even by itself was so good. The dal (side) was perfectly spiced and paired very well with naan and rice.
One of my favorite NYC fine dining experiences. If you love Indian cuisine, you have to visit Indian Accent. We chose the four course dinner and everything we ate was creative and delicious. My favorites were the sweet pickle ribs; the goat brains (try them; if you didn't know what they were you'd never guess); and the ghee roast lamb. Also, try the cocktails. I can speak for The a Proper Copper and the Indian Summer (may change names seasonally but it's the cardamom Pisco cocktail); both were outstanding. I've tried a lot of cocktails in my day and these are two of my faves; you could barely taste the alcohol (oh, it was there!)  I can not recommend this place enough and will definitely be back to try the chef's testing menu
Everything about this place is beautiful and tasty.  The staff are lovely.  The decor is lovely.  We ate at the bar, which was well stocked and comfortable.  Five stars.However, the portions of food are so tiny that my daughter and I had to (literally) go out to dinner afterwards.  The $30 chicken kofta was a single small chicken meatball on a plate, topped with a SINGLE ONION RING that was supposed to be a modern take on onion pakora.  One onion ring?The mathri trio ($20) was beautifully presented and flavorful, but a single bite each.  And for goodness sake, if you are paying almost $20 for a glass of bourbon, could we get something more than a tiny shot?The place is beautiful.  The food is delicious. But you will depart hungry, with a feeling that you have been ripped off.
Although this can be simplified and classified as "Indian Cuisine", make no mistake, it is much more than that.  Indian Accent transcends Indian Cuisine by modernizing and elevating it into a stratosphere of the top echelon of dining establishments in New York City.  If one is a high end "foodie" then this is a must for them, whether they like Indian Cuisine or not.The servers are knowledgeable and friendly and will guide you through the menu with complete patience as they were very patient and helpful with me on my visit last week.I fully intend to return again.
I came here three times in one week, two dinners and one lunch. It must mean that I absolutely love it and yes, it is the case. I love how flexible the menu is, I don't eat desert, so I can choose anything else. If I am more hungry, I can choose more from third courses instead of more from first and second courses.Because of the flexibility of the menu, I think the portion is very reasonable. I left very satisfied each time without stuffing myself. I don't eat dairy, and they adjust it very well, even bring non dairy naan to me. Food is truly amazing, I have tried quite a lot of dishes, each of them is tasty. The presentation of each dish is pretty and upscale, not looks like the regular indian dishes I had before, but the taste is so indian, it is so authentic to me. Actually, there were a lot of  indian people ate here very time I visited. I guess it is enough to prove it. My most favorite dishes will be pulled jackfruit phulka, sweet potato shakarkandi, and sea bass. Next to them will be soft shell crab, and dosa.The atmosphere is nice, can be a little loud later of the night, the servers are very nice and professional, the host is very kind and polite. I really think the lunch is a great deal, you can choose any two course for $31, and each extra dish only for $11. The lunch menu still offer a great selection of courses although not quite as extensive as dinner menu. But the portion wise is same as dinner. I can see this place will be my regular lunch spot.
After dining at the Indian Accent in New Delhi, our level of expectation for the newly opened Indian Accent at Le Parker Meridien was set very high. We were able to snag a reservation during opening week, and Chef Manish Mehrotra did not disappoint! The food, the service and the experience were all top notch. Contemporary Indian cuisine has finally arrived in NYC!Our wait-staff was extremely courteous and supremely helpful during the entire dining experience. Helping with drink selections, explaining each course in detail, and even bringing a portable charger to charge our cell phone table side!  One of the servers overheard us raving about a chur-chur parantha and brought an extra one for our table, and the chef checked in on us a couple of times and made sure we were having a good time. The tasting menu unfortunately was not available during the first week, so we decided to opt for the 3 course prix-fixe.  We thought we would maybe order a dessert to share at the end, but we ended up being too full to get anything- i guess we needed to save something for next time!. All the dishes we tried were excellent, and well thought out. Our favorites in the first course were the Soy Keema, the Sweet Pickle Rib and the Duck Chettinad. Our second course favorites were the sweet potato and the kohlapuri chicken. By the time third course came around, we were fairly full, the tamarind sea bass and the dal ghost were amazing (the chicken seekh being the only average dish of the night). Of the accompaniments, the lamb and daal were good.  The butter chicken kulcha was definitely overpriced ($14 dollars for one piece of bread that was maybe 5 inches in diameter), but was delicious and probably one of our favorites of the night.  However, at that price point you expect more than what was given. We thoroughly enjoyed dining at Indian Accent and we will definitely be back!
I honestly can't name any of dishes I had, but the they were all incredible and delicate and elegant.  All flavors were very well balanced with no single flavor overpowering another.  I do have to say the one food that was blatantly missed from the meal was the naan.  For me, a large part of the Indian experience is to be able to enjoy all the amazing sauces that come with the dishes with a good side of naan.  However, this restaurant doesn't serve naan at all other than as an amuse-bouche at the beginning of the meal. In an Indian meal this is a waste, especially when every single dish comes with great sauces.I don't normally rave about drinks as I'm not big on alcohol in general, but the cocktails At Indian Accent are worth a trip to the restaurant all on their own.  The Indian Summer and the Proper Copper are light, refreshing, summery cocktails of which you can easily have 5+ without even noticing.Topping off the experience, the service is wonderful and the ambiance is lively and inviting.  Had dinner at the bar an watching the bar tender artfully concoct the drinks is an experience all in itself.  Bar tenders are friendly and very attentive.  Highly recommend it!
Went for dinner today to celebrate my wife's birthday . I have been wondering why don't NYC has a indian restaurant with some twist . Finally we have one .Service : excellent they pay attention to you all the time .. My first dish took long time to come and I would have given one star less for that . But they didn't charge us for my wife's desert ( instead of 4 course they charged us 3 course ) so that made up for that one star .But once the food arrived .. It was all good .. From first to fourth wait time was not long .Dishes are full of flavor . And presentation is excellent .Four course is filling also . We were  so stuffed that we decided to walk in the clod instead of taking a cab .Drinks are fabulous .. It has indian hint to it . We tried 2 cocktails both were amazing .Lots of vegetarian options ..big plus for us ..In the end doda burfi and besan ka laddo cheesecake gives a memorable finish to awesome dinner .We will be back soon .
Having lived in Singapore for many, many years, I thought I'd seen the best of Indian food.... until now!  Indian Accent took traditional combinations (e.g., panar and spinach), and created WOW! dishes in novel and incredibly delicious ways.  The service was outstanding, and we were grateful to  "pinned" sommelier who gave us spot-on wine recommendations. Prie fixe was the way to go for our party of two.  That way, we tasted six dishes and with wine, still paid around $200.
I was suspicious when I walked in here for lunch.   It seemed like the typical fancy indian place that is light on spice.   Fortunately I was wrong.  The pork lunch appetizer was incredible, as was the lamb main course.  Both had incredible, strong seasoning. The restaurant is expensive, and the portions are not big, but the service and food are excellent.
We came in for my husband's birthday and we had a great time! The service is impeccable and it's worth coming here just for that alone as they really care about making your evening spectacular. My husband and I had the three course meal and ordered appetizers, three entrees and one dessert. The meal starts off with an amuse bouche then the appetizers. The appetizers are small for sure but very tasty! The duck confit was spectacular. The chicken was yummy too. The entrees are smaller than we're used to seeing so definitely get some side dishes such as naan or stuffed bread. On dessert we had the besan ladoo cheesecake and I loved it personally. My husband liked the dhoda barfi dessert better, which came on the house with a birthday candle! We really appreciate the extra special touch they took to celebrate his birthday. Will be back on our next special occasion. On a tip: if you want a booth for 2, you need to request it when you make a reservation!
ProsFood is greatMultiple courses complement each otherService is hit or missConsService feels rushed at closing timePlease don't bring the check unless askedSpace is small and crampedTrying too hard but not there yet
I am hardly ever at a loss for words when it comes to expressing my opinion/feelings on a new restaurant. In this case however I am at a loss because I tried to hard to think about what I should write. All I know is that this new restaurant is so amazing. Elegant but modern and not overbearing. Classy but not snobby. A fine dining experience in beautiful but modern setting. Settled in the hustle and bustle of hectic midtown 5th Ave. This restaurant has amazing food and drinks. I had the two course lunch menu with a non-alcoholic punch with desert to pair. Such incredible flavors with an amazing balance. Portions are a little small. Good job. Can't wait to be back for dinner perhaps.
We had the pleasure of dining at Indian Accent to celebrate a birthday. I was hoping for what I thought would be an incredible experience. Though I undoubtedly enjoyed the dine, my expectations of "EMP meets Indian food" did not even come close. Here lies the problem - Indian Accent is a restaurant which looks to be having loftier aspirations than Junoon, Tamarind Tribeca, etc., When you dine at EMP, you are a bit awestruck by the experience. It appears as though they have their entire staff focus only on you. You begin to enjoy the ride at the beginning of the meal itself. It is that focus on a diners experience that sets EMP, Per Se, etc., apart from the rest. Even if I forget about the Michelin aspirations, the biggest compliment an international cuisine chef can get is if he can get a non resident native diner to harp back on his native roots. These 2 things went completely missing here - The restaurant was way too noisy to have any sort of experience. Almost all the $$$ Indian restaurants in NYC have better ambience than Indian Accent. I don't know what would help - maybe white noise? The service while speedy remained completely alien. There was no small talk, no laughter etc., We did indicate that we were celebrating a birthday. No birthday wishes until we were leaving - the Maître D' wished us towards the end. None of the servers or our table host made a mention of it. There was a noticeable gap between the courses. The ratio of staff to tables/diners was either low or appeared low. We ordered a 4 course meal for 2 of us - essentially, 8 items for the table. 1. Initial serving of pumpkin soup, blue cheese naan and dhokla - pumpkin soup was brilliant, blue cheese naan was bizarre, dhokla was good, but then again, it's hard to go wrong with dhokla2. Potato Sphere Chaat, Sweet Potato Shikarkhandi, Tofu Vada - All brilliant stuff. Impressed by tofu vadas, though it was a bit on the sweeter side. 3. Soft Paneer, Summer Corn Bhel - Meh, it wasn't exactly chaat flavored. The word Bhel must have been used to indicate a potpourri, but to an Indian, it also indicates a menagerie of spices and textures coming together. This was just corn with basic masala flavors.4. Pulled Jackfruit Phulka - Good, not extra ordinary. While it had the jackfruit flavor, it lacked the jackfruit texture. 5. Dal Moradabadi and Chur Chur Paratha (Extra accompaniments) - Dal Moradabadi was brilliant. Chur Chur Paratha was disappointing. I hardly noticed any paneer in it and if there was any, it was over-powered by the Ajwain. Tasted more like Indian Bakery Puffs6. Paper Roast Dosa - Really good but non traditional. The curry accompanying the dosa was very flavorful. I won't be surprised though if Indians are against this. Indians really have strong preferences and high standards for their dosa. 6. Bombay Pao Bhaji - The bhaji was probably the best bhaji I have eaten outside of Mumbai. The garnish was weird - I am not even sure why they had a papdi flower with bhel on top of the bhaji. Don't let anything ruin the taste of that perfect bhaji. The pao was disappointing. The pao's flavors over powered the bhaji. There is a reason why they don't use flavored pavs for pav bhaji. 7. Besan Ladoo Cheesecake - Besan ladoo is the crust. Cheesecake was not very good. Took out the cheese cake portion and ate the besan ladoo.8. Crispy seviyan, rice pudding - good. All in all, I would call this a single Michelin starred place. While it's better than Tamarind and Junoon, it's not by much. As far as the food, there is a bar that some Indian restaurants in NA have set - Vij in Vancouver, Bombay Club/Rasika in DC etc., Maybe, just maybe, Indian Accent comes close to meet that bar. It definitely does not go over it.
Been here once for lunch and once for dinner, excellent experience both times. Food has strong Indian flavors but also very refined. Big fan of the soft-shell crab and dal gosht. Service excellent and reasonably priced. Definitely will be harder to book a reservation once it becomes more well known
The food is delicious. The service was the worst I've ever experienced at this quality restaurant.  Just amazingly incompetent - 5 people seated at a table appropriate for 4 (we had to ask to be moved) forgotten dishes, including an appetizer not served until after the main course had arrived, and an entrée that came a half an hour after the rest of the table.  Management tried to make it up to us, comping a number of dishes and not charging for the forgotten entrée, but it ruined a birthday bon voyage party and just left us all feeling sad and angry.  At these prices, we expected a fun evening.  One star for the food.  One for management's recognizing that they screwed up, big time.
Tried this restaurant tonight for dinner for my husband's bday. We made a reservation well in advance, but still had to wait about 15 mins before being seated. Next no server came to take our order or to talk about the menu for the next 30 mins. You dont expect this kind of service when you spend over 300$ for dinner of 2 people. Rest food is good but obviously expensive !! i just feel they should work more on service as had high standards of expectation.
Absolutely the finest Indian cuisine I've ever experienced with the most accommodating service!  The flavors, richness and textures were pronounced and inviting!  The highlights, which were pretty much everything, include the kolhapuri chicken (think an Indian-style chicken salad!), duck chettinad, tamarind sea bass, and the Bandit Queen cocktail!  The service was absolutely exceptional!  The server went out of her way to bring additional yoghurt to the table after an experience with extra-spicy chili chutney for the papads!  We were also greeted by the chef Manish Mehrotra at the conclusion of our meal!  Also, if you are there for a birthday, the birthday boy/girl must be treated with a special cake where the flavors and richness would blow your mind away!  Longingly looking forward to another visit!
Undoubtedly the best Indian fine dining restaurant! The dessert,makhan malai was simply outstanding. Will come back again.
Took hubby there for his birthday. We did a 3-course tasting and ordered an additional dish to share. The portion is decent and we were stuffed to our face! Decor of the restaurant is pretty simple (and what you expect for a midtown hotel restaurant). Service was impeccable. (We were sitting next to a private equity titan. Of course the service he received was even a few notches above that:)). We liked every dish, though I do feel that sometimes there were too many different flavors going on at the same time (good and bad). Presentation of dishes was beautiful and the dishes were pretty creative (and tastes indian at the same time). We had and enjoyed the following:  ghee roast lamb with roti pancakes (for share): you wrap the lamb and other condiments (4 chutneys and cucumbers/daikons) with the pancakes. Sorta like how you eat a peking duck.duck chettinad, foie gras: good but not outstandingkolhapuri chicken with peanuts, cucumber, tomatoes and avocado: good and balanced flavor profilebaby squid with crispy rice: who doesn't like a fancy version of fried calamari?pathar beef kebab with bone marrow nihari: beef is super tender and flavorfulsoft-shell carb: loved this; always a big soft shell crab fan and this dish didn't disappointpork belly vindaloo: cooked to perfectionDesserts look yummy but we were simply too full. Restaurant gave us free bubbly and chocolate cake for hubby's birthday. Overall a perfect night!
Ok maybe 3.5 stars.This is thoroughly modernized Indian food.  Five stars for the attempt and being (oh so) avant garde. Pricey ($9 for a paratha, seriously).There were five of us and we did the three course offering except for one who did the four course. There is also a chef's degustation menu signifying the presence of a guru. I think I got a taste of almost the entire menu. For my taste there were hits and misses, so don't go there expecting unbelievable flavors in everything and you'll be OK.The service and attention was truly exceptional except for one unbelievable near-rudeness; their over-eager attempts at removing our plates before everyone was done. They seem to be oblivious to this common courtesy.Air-conditioning is a problem here, apparently the hotel controls it. They spoilt us with extras and we got a whole range of their extraordinary desserts, gratis, because we were celebrating an anniversary. My thanks to the establishment.
This place has been open about a month. It is next to Le Parker Meridien Hotel in midtown.  Upon walking in, we noticed a lovely decor and distinct scent.  We decided to try the tasting menu to get a little bit of all the highlights... There are 2 options - vegetarian or meat based for the main dishes.  We both opted for the meat based tasting.  The dishes were all delicious and flavorful. Cocktails were decent.  Service was excellent.
It's not traditional Indian food. The dishes are tasting size and styled but with Indian spices and lots of flavor and creativity.  Great dining experience.  I loved the tamarind sea bass and the coconut curry sauce.
Amazing food. The owner owns more than 40 restaurants in India and a couple in London, which I frequented slot while living there. As I ate the food I tasted all those flavours that I loved from his restaurant in London. Amazing coincidence. Would highly recommend the tamarind sea bass.
Excellent experience. Great food and service. Would definitely go back. Pricey but well deserved.
Had one of the best meals of my life here. The chef's tasting menu is the thing to do - order and enjoy the course after course of taste explosions in your mouth. Super take on the Indian food taken to the next level of innovative deliciousness. Extremely attentive and polite service adds to the overall experience. A must visit place when you decide to pamper yourself.
Absolutely delicious. Try the tasting menus. Definitely worth a visit.
Great taste...but quantity of food is shockingly small. Ashamed to call this an Indian restaurant. Too expensive for what they finally give. Even the Branch in indIa @Friends Colony in Delhi serves triple the quantity. Prefer to eat somewhere else...given the great food NYC has to offer. What was the Chef and Owner thinking??
Exceptional food. Indian flavors with a different presentation. We went there for lunch and ordered mostly vegetarian dishes but each one was amazing. The Daal Makhni, the Kulchas, the paper dosa with mushrooms and the sweet potato chat. And to save the best for the last, the desserts are some of the best I have had. Try the malai foam for sure.
Fantastic -- great vibe, well decorated, comfy chairs. Spicy lemonade is very good  some magical teas at the end (Yellow). Tofu first plate is also good
We experienced an evening of incredibly innovative and superbly executed Indian fusion cuisine. All accompanied by the warmest hospitality and service.  Between 4 friends, we tried a lot of dishes and they were uniformly delicious. Standout dishes to me were the potato sphere chaat, sweet pickle rib, the duck chettinad, sweet potato shakarkandi and the tamarind sea bass. The desserts are divine, so do not pass up on the 4th course - the makhan malai and besan Ladoo cheesecake have kept me smiling in silly satisfaction for some time now.
Miniature yet tasty treats. Great service. Improvements maybe in variety of cocktails and portion size  required. Unexpectedly authentic flavor to a fusion food.
A friend and I did the non-veg and veg tasting menus respectively, and shared each dish. We were both excited because of the great experiences my friend had at the New Delhi Indian Accent. Unfortunately, we were very dissapointed. NOT WORTH IT. Each dish ranged from tasteless/bland to just okay. Nothing exceptional, nothing stood out, nothing to remember. The pea/barley bhel puri was tasteless, had an awful texture and the bhel tasted stale. The soy keema was nauseating (rubbery texture in an oppressive Ragu type sauce). The mushroom dosha was just OK.  I didn't like the tasteless rubbery texture and taste of the mushrooms. The mango seabass tasted like frozen fish thrown in a pan for not enough time, with not enough spices. The wine pairing was just OK. The sommelier could have lended better perspective, in my opinion. We were left hungry, disappointed, and yearning for more. I am only giving 2 stars for the service. The food deserves zero stars.Save your money, unfortunately this is yet another try-too-hard Indian restaurant in NYC that is missing its essential component: good food.
I was really looking forward to eating at this restaurant since I had heard good things and the menu sounded like it would be inventive and exciting. The name of the restaurant is fitting since the food was bland and generic with an Indian "accent." The food was so boring, it left me wanting to go eat at a good Indian restaurant afterwards to make up for the horrible experience. The only decent dishes were the Tamarind sea bass and sweet pickle ribs.I suppose what turned me off most about the restaurant was the service. We did not want to do the chefs tasting and our server told us 4 times throughout the meal that we had to order a minimum of 12 dishes. Despite the fact that we spent $400 on two nice bottles of wine, she was intent on us ordering 12 dishes. I realize this is not her fault if this is the restaurant policy at this supposed "fine dining" restaurant but it really put a bad taste in my mouth. Not polished, bad food, horrible service. Will not be returning!
Amazing, exceeded expectations, professional and courteous waitstaff, fantastic experience, and the food..........   delicious and well presented.I treat my girlfriend every week to a new restaurant we both have not tried. This restaurant was suggested by a friend.My girlfriend and I had the most amazing experience here. The little chef tastings were incredible. The food was amazing, tasty, exquisite, detailed, and I could go on.We're definitely going back.I'm not Indian, and I have eaten Indian food before. If you are a die hard fan of Indian food, this restaurant may or may not be for you. The food is eclectic and with a twist. I suggest you visit their website to explore their menu and pictures to get insight of their offerings. It may not appeal to those who are used to eating Indian food in one set style. If you are happy to move out of your comfort zone, then yes, definitely go to Indian Accent.For the both of us... my girlfriend does not drink alcohol and she is vegetarian, whereas I eat everything and drank three glasses of wine.  The total bill came to around $330 without tip. We were there for about 2 and a half hours, and we were not rushed at all. Such an amazing dining experience coupled with the food as well as my girlfriend made it an incredible evening.Above all, we were attended to by a lovely lady who was pleasant, professional and courteous.  The manager even attended to our table as well as the amazing chef. The chef was extremely sincere and kind. Everyone was!!!There were all sorts of added treats to our dining experience, and we were blown away with all the detail. My girlfriend was very very happy with the service as she recently experienced bad service at a Michelin star restaurant in the area, so coming to Indian Accent made her very happy.We are definitely coming back here, and we really are appreciative of the attention we received and the kindness of all the staff at Indian Accent.
Great,inventive foods with a twist on the traditional. Go with a bunch of people so you can try all the food on the menu .
I've been to Indian Accent here in NYC and in Delhi. The tasting menu is divine. So worth the money. Every dish is prepared so intentionally and carefully. I love the Lamb main course.
Nice contemporary room near MoMa with excellent service.  Delicious take on Indian food with unique twists and excellent presentation.  Price is high and even the smaller of the fixed price menus was more food than I would care for.  Would prefer less food and a lower price   Worth a visit if you want to spend the money
Ok, but not worth it for the price. I came when they first opened and was blown away. This time I left feeling like I could go to my local Indian for half the price and double the satisfaction. Fine if you are in midtown and on an expense account, but not worth it for the price. The food is good, but not much better than more traditional places all over the city. Service is slow. I doubt I will be back.
Simply unbeatable, unique Indian lunch. Original ideas from the kitchen, elegant service, atmosphere perfect for conversation. Cannot wait to return.
The concept of this place is impressive. It is unique in its twist on the Indian Cuisine. The food looked like an artwork. The flavors the chef managed to bring out with each course were marvelous.The decor was decentHowever, The portions were ridiculously small. It could pass for an Indian Tapas. When the food is that good(and pricey), you do feel cheated when you don't get enough.Also the service was very slow. We were there for good 3 hours on a Saturday night. Who likes to wait that long to put few morsels in their mouth. Not me.
So here we go ... It was good but not upto the hype ... We had the "Chef Tasting Menu" and although the concoctions were unique and the presentation was outstanding the actual food was just okay, nothing to rave about. Maybe this place appeals to the non Indian clientele but for me it just didn't cut it. Wasn't completely satisfied/full with the tasting menu which is priced at 110/pp. Can't say I'll be going back anytime soon.
Up-scale Indian. The service is excellent, with very personable and fun staff. The manager and chef both make the effort to check in on you which is appreciated. The décor is nice and you will have to make a bit of an effort in how you dress for your visit, but nothing you would not expect in most restaurants in Manhattan. The dishes ranged from good to excellent, but you are paying for it and then some. If you are passionate about Indian food, then definitely check this place out, it is a positive experience for fans of the cuisine.
The food here is fantastic and service is even better. I would give a 4.5 because I think it is a bit overpriced for what it is but the dining experience was excellent. Starting with the pumpkin coconut  curry soup as a palate cleanser -so delicious. We loved it so much the waiter actually brought us another round without us even asking for it!  Followed by the signature trio of eggplant, chicken, duck. Not a huge fan of duck but the way it is made is delicious Recommend the bone marrow kabob and roast lamb. The lamb and roomali roti are very authentic tasting. But the dessert finale was the best part of the meal We had the Makhan malai which has the taste of Ras malai but with the aerated mousse was light and fluffy. Even though we were beyond full we were able to clean our plates with this dessert. Expensive tasting menu but the quality of food and service makes it worth it
Wonderful experience. Food, service, interior - everything was impeccable. We were the party of 3. All of us ordered 3 course pre-fixed. Maybe it was not the traditional food we usually eat in Indian restaurants but the modern innovative menu was very exciting. Would definitely recommend it
We had the chef's tasting menu and the food was very good. Everything was perfectly cooked, plated and seasoned to perfection. The morel dish is insanely delicious. My only comments would be that the foie gras on the duck dish really needed a little sear on it and that it would have been nice to have a fish or seafood dish instead of solely meats.  We appreciated that the 7 course tasting takes about 90 minutes, a perfect pace unlike many tastings that have long waits in between courses. Unfortunately we were sat across from the bar and the constant shaking of the martini mixer during the prep of cocktails made it very difficult to have a conversation as well as hearing our servers explanations as they presented a dish. Our server didn't seem to know much about wines and took a stab at answering our questions when bringing over the sommelier would have been a better idea. It took about 15 minutes before we got our wines by the glass, which was a bit frustrating. I think they need to get their service a little more refined in general; overall it felt somewhat disorganized instead of a nice team flow. Based on the food though, we would certainly go back another time to sample some of the a la carte dishes.
Wonderful service, wonderful cocktails.  Interpretations of classics are inventive albeit, there's too much showmanship in presentation.
Oh yes. Having been to both the New Delhi and NYC locations, I can confidently state that Indian Accent NYC maintains the stratospheric standards of the original. The menu is as innovative as it gets, but the focus is always on great execution. Multiple amuse bouches and palette cleansers indicate that the management is aiming for recognition by a certain tyre company. Not to jinx them, but it looks like these guys are on track for those coveted stars!
Wow.  What a meal.  Loved the chicken for the first course, the kebab for the second and the lamb for the third.  You need to go here!
The best Indian fusion restaurant in city, all the dishes are outstanding and amazing mix of flavor and color. Highly recommend it.
I haven't eaten at many indian restaurants before this, so maybe I am not the best reviewer for this place. But wow. Got the tasting menu which consisted of at least Seven small plates plus two dessert dishes.  All spectacular. The wait staff was also great and explained what every dish was. What amazing food and also drinks.
Amazing food. Great taste and presentation. Went there for lunch and was lucky that there were tables available. I have heard that dinner reservations are required and lineups are long. Must go!
What can I say? I loved Indian Accent and it's one of the best restaurants in NYC right now. From the amazing soft shell crab to the ribs to the stellar dessert with gold leaves (eatable of course). Despite the fact that I sat next to the most annoying person in the world who works in fashion but did not have manners, she was that annoying! she did not ruin my experience this past Monday. The service was excellent!  I can't praise enough this restaurant and I hope they keep the amazing job with food + service + chic decor and atmosphere! Thumbs up!!!!!
Completely epic culinary experience from start to finish. We had the 3 course tasting menu and every bite was perfect. Cocktails were excellent and service was stellar. Perhaps the finest Indian dining I have ever had. A must, must, must go for a special night out.
My husband and I recently went to the Indian Accent in Delhi on our honeymoon, and were thrilled to learn that they were opening in NYC. The food was just as good as we remember it being the first time (some of the dishes are quite similar to the original restaurant) and there were excellent new dishes to try as well.We did the tasting menu, which I would highly recommend for first time visitors. A lot of other reviewers have said that the layout of the menu is a little confusing, and they ended up being hungry at the end of the meal because the dishes they chose weren't very filling. You won't have that problem with the tasting menu! Though it is a bit on the pricey side, the amount of food and the quality makes it worth it. There were 2 amuse bouche, 5 small plates, a palate cleanser, a main dish served with kulcha, raita, and dal, 2 desserts, and a candy plate. Our favorites were the sweet pickle rib and the butter chicken kulcha.They still seem to be working out some small kinks with their service (two separate sommeliers came in quick succession to ask us if we needed help with the wine list, the first course was brought while we were still enjoying our amuse bouche, they left empty cocktail glasses on the table for a long time) but overall everyone was very attentive and the whole experience was lovely.
Excellent service. Other than that, completely overrated. None of the dishes were particularly distinct. The soft paneer from the first course was actually bad not just ok. This was mediocre Indian food in fancy plates. All the dishes had the same flavor palette- even the two cocktails i tried were almost exactly the same. Other than the service, nothing special.Save your money, go to Haandi.
Definitely one of the best Indian places I've been to. I've been here numerous times and it has failed to disappoint. Great food, great service, great prices (especially during lunch hours!)
My husband and I came here back in June to celebrate our anniversary.3.5 Stars.  Cocktails - 5.  Food - 4.  Service - 3.5.  Reserve Wine Pairing - 1.    We ordered cocktails at the bar while waiting for the table, and they were quite excellent.  When we sat down for our table, we decided to treat ourselves and go all out.  We ordered the Chef's Tasting and the Reserve Wine pairing for both of us.  While the food was very good, the wine pairing was a major disappointment.  Our first wine didn't even come out during the first course.  We had to remind them that we ordered the wine pairing.  The server and somm were apologetic, but it shows the diner the level of service and attention to detail the establishment lacks as it sets itself away from the Perse's and the EM's.  I was especially discontent with the fact that our food wasn't paired with different wine each course.  Isn't this one of the reasons why one would order a pairing, especially a reserve pairing?  Reserve pairing to me is to ensure the guest have the utmost fantastic meal and the best drink accompanying the meal to highlight all the ingredients and flavors.  Having the wine paired "almost every other course" seemed a thoughtless curating process from the somm.  At this price, we could have just ordered an excellent bottle of wine ourselves.Aside from feeling ripped off at the end of this very expensive meal, we were more so sad that we celebrated our special anniversary on a low note.I suggest future diners to:  order the cocktail at the bar, sit down and order few of their signature dishes and a decent bottle of wine to share.  Perhaps, if we had gone this route, we would have had a better celebratory dinner.
Having heard plenty and more about Indian Accent from my friends in Delhi, I thought to give the NY one a try. Without getting into details first, I'd say that it was a great experience but nothing extraordinary that blew my mind. Decor is great but like any other fine dining place so I was saddened to see they hadn't given anything an Indian touch. Food wise - desserts were kick ass ! The crispy seviyan was fantastic ...loved it. There were some interesting items like the duck chettinad and beef kababs that I will recommend. The kohlapuri chicken, while refreshing, was average in flavor. Chef's signature dish- the pork ribs with tamarind glaze - was my least favorite. Nothing was cutting through the richness of the pork to give any alternating flavor bursts. For mains, I took the soft shell crab which was pretty good. Came with shrimp pulao which I liked better than the crab. So overall, there were parts to the dining experience that I loved but I definitely went in expecting more. The servers were kind and friendly but quite slow - a quick modification to my soft cocktail took 20 mins ! But that said, they were also hosting the who's who of India that night ...the Ambani's and Abhishek Bacchhan so perhaps more servers were concentrated on those tables :)
This restaurant is flawless. From the welcoming greeting at the door, to all the attentive and intuitive service and finally with the amazing food; this place really provided a perfect evening for me an my partner last night. For the food; the Blue Cheese Puffs, the Lamb 3rd course, the Pork Belly, the Saag Paneer Kulcha, the Rice Pudding and the plate of treats at the end were highlights, but everything was purely amazing!! For service: having a captain overhear my complaint to my partner with my discomfort at our table and to offer me another place to sit because, "we want you to enjoy your evening here with us" is just priceless in a city where many restaurants, even in this category, don't care. In addition, having every person who came to our table able to expertly describe what we were eating (some dishes are quite detailed!) I thought showed real consideration and dedication to great service. I can't wait to go back with friends. I recommend everybody do, too if they can.
Lunch menu was a bit limited, especially for vegetarians. However, still great food and would recommend this to anyone!
Really interesting take on traditional Indian food. We ordered the 4 course menu, which allows you to choose any combination of 4 dishes from the menu (helpful perk). I had the potato chaat, pork pickle ribs, duck chettinad, and sea bass. If you have read any of the other reviews, you know how incredible the sea bass is. By far my favorite dish of the evening- perfect mix of sweet and tangy with the tamarind glaze and coconut curry. The pork pickle ribs were great as well- fall off the bone meat in a slightly sweet, asian-flavored glaze. The potato chaat was yummy and different. I am a huge chaat fan and it wasn't what i was expecting but they maintained the yogurt, tamarind, and chutney sauces which make chaat so delicious. Plus there was an added crunch surprise within the sphere which gave the dish a nice texture. My least favorite dish was the duck chettinad, which I was sadly the most excited about. The piece of foie gras was microscopic and the idly was bland so the dish was completely overwhelmed by the strong spices in the duck. The duck itself was pretty good but it kind of felt like you were just eating a plate of pulled duck rather than a composed dish. Overall, the service was outstanding but not overbearing and the food was unique and upscale. Perfect place to go out and celebrate something special as it is a bit pricier than we expected!
This newcomer (sister to top ranked restaurant in New Delhi) is perhaps to Indian food what Eleven Madison Park is to New American but on a smaller scale. In other words, insistently inventive, effortless execution and downright delicious. Don't expect any typical Indian restaurant mainstays - not even your trusty mango lassi. Go with the 3 course or 4 course tasting. Unlike other tasting menus, all members of your party do not need to be on the same page AND you can choose your 3 or 4 courses from any section of their menu. Meaning you could in theory order 4 entrees (or 4 desserts!) - though I wouldn't recommend it if you'd like to experience their thoughtful progression of flavors. The pork belly vindaloo and the dal gosht w/ lamb (both entrees from the 3rd course) were the highlights though I will be returning to try out the ghee roast lamb. Makhan malai dessert was ethereal if a little ephemeral...
Let's be honest here. Nothing at this restaurant deserves 5 stars with the only exception of the cocktail list. The food is totally overrated, as mentioned before the portions are small, even after the chefs tasting menu we felt we could eat a slice of pizza. The dishes were ok at best, nothing here pushed the limit and anybody who's been to an Indian fusion restaurant has had similar dishes before. The main course was good and so were one or two other dishes, but overall it was lacking finesse and sophistication for this price  point. The wine pairing with the chefs tasting menu was very boring. Yes, we had the Riesling with an Indian dish before, and yes the sauterne is a common paring with any dessert, but don't charge $110 for that or come up with something more innovative. Look at Rasika in DC for example which probably sets the gold standard for Indian fusion with a wine list that matches some of the best French restaurants. But not what is being served here. The service is trying, but far away from a 5 star rating given by many reviewers here. Overall for the price point totally overrated.
Delicious meal! Entire staff was attentive without being over bearing. My favorites from the night included the shiso leaf chaat, pathar beef kebab with bone marrow niahri, paper roast dosa and the tamarind sea bass. Desserts were both amazing (makhan malai and ladoo cheesecake).
Really delicious food. I had the jackfruit phulka which was amazing and the dosa with mushrooms for my entree. The star of the meal was definitely the dessert: makahan malai. It was light and airy and sweet and amazing. I would definitely come back here.
Amazing Amazing Amazing food and drinks!!! try the chef's menu... totally worth it... desserts were ok - but i dont love indian desserts.... amazing drinks!!!
Creative takes on Indian flavors.  First time I have ever seen duck on the menu of an Indian restaurant!  Highlights include the shiso leaf chaat, tamarind sea bass, rose petal almond with gold leaf foamy dessert and that jiggery (aka palm sugar) infused cocktail with a "mumbai" in its name... enjoyed the mini blue cheese naans too.
What can I say? This is Indian Food like you have NEVER experienced it. The flavors of Indian cuisine, (northern, southern, traditional, homecooked) presented in the most beautiful dishes I have seen. One of our party had had Indian food twice in his life and came in expecting to be disappointed- he left the restaurant a convert! The inventive Kulcha's are delicious, the seabass is the best I have ever had. Service was delightful and attentive, a well curated wine list and very inventive cocktails (try the trenscendental medication!) round up the experience. I cannot wait to go back. Oh, I forgot to mention the treacle tart for dessert! Don't miss that one!
Group of 3 for dinner. The service was inattentive and took away from the experience. We were seated at a table where a man was watching something on his iPad without headphones. Other guests were talking on their cellphones throughout the meal. I've never seen this level of behavior at a "fine dining" establishment and was surprised the first person was not kindly told to put it away and the other to take it outside. We moved tables because of the ipad distraction and our waiter never communicated so our dishes were delivered to the wrong person throughout the meal. I had to flag someone down to order a drink as I was never asked and also had to flag down someone to get water refilled every time. There was another table, a couple, and it seemed they were getting a lot of attention yet as I said we were not tended to. Some of the food was very good but small portions and high prices at this kind of place. Overall we did not feel taken care of at all and not a good experience.
just enjoyed the chef's tasting menu, and that's a huge understatement...  every morsel of every bite was pure joy and delight.  first class food, first class service.  i rate it five stars, easy.
I have been meaning to try this place since its opening . Glad I did tonight ! Elegant ambiance, electric cocktail creation , outrageous tasty and innovative dishes ! The management is orchestrating this place with much confidence and proficiency. Beautiful midtown crowd ! Will return definitely !
The food is well prepared but the portions are tiny for the price, especially if you are vegetarian.  The hype helps them sell a 30 dollar meal for $90 or $110 depending on whether you order the 4 course or the chef's tasting menu.  We spent an average of $150 per head and I went back home hungry.  The wait staff tries to turn the table over and egg you to get on with it and get done.
Oh my god....as an Indian this place is heaven! Such amazing hospitality, ambience and the staff is just amazing! The management is superb (Paul) and the bar is to die for (you will be in great hands with Mannie ). Eclectic cocktail menu ! Most definitely my favourite Indian place in NY!
We were here for dinner this past Saturday and let me just say that this was 1 of the best experiences I have ever had at any restaurant. First of all I'm Indian so I'm aware of what good Indian food tastes like and while this is not your traditional Indian food you get all the delicious  flavors of India in different dishes. We tried the chefs tasting menu and I must say each and every dish was an absolute delight! We also added the tasting papad and I probably finished the whole box in 5 minutes and the presentation of it was also really pretty! The drinks are delicious (Goa ahead was my favorite) The tamarind sea bass was probably 1 of the best things I've ever tasted in my life so even if you don't do the chefs menu be sure to choose that as 1 of your dinner options. Every single person working there; from the hostess to our waiter to anyone and everyone that brought our food out were outstanding. The service was incredible and very attentive. Overall this meal was definitely worth the splurge and we had a great time!
Visited on 2nd May with my wife to celebrate my Birthday. Overall I felt that this restaurant is overpriced considering food, drinks, service and ambiance. The service looked little unprofessional and inexperienced to me. The server/sommelier does not explain anything about wine. Just taste it, if you like it, pour in the glass. Glass price is simply overpriced. 2013 Cabernet Sauvignon priced $25, The wine collection is not great. Now come to the food. The chef prepared dishes are good nicely decorated, but not that great that you say AWESOME. Dessert: Doda Burfi and Besan Laddoo Cheez Cake were the best. Ambiance: Modern look but too bright. If you go as couple and looking for more privacy, in the bright light of restaurant, you will feel naked and exposed.Noise level is too high. I don't expect this kind of noise when paying $300 for 2 people for fine dining. Last but not the least. Restrooms: Has Indian touch but looks modern. Men's restroom has a big flaw I found. The wall color is dark and does not make room bright. The light bulb is on top of the mirror. When you stand in front of toilet bowl, your shadow covers the whole toilet bowl and you don't see it, And makes you in-confident about where exactly are you shooting. Eventually to piss exactly in the bowl you need to stand on the side.Overall this is overpriced and not the kind of experience we looked for.
i think it was good. i blacked out midway and when i came to, we had a bottle of krug. i heard there was bacon involved!
I was very excited to try this restaurant - even at such steep prices - because I LOVE Indian food and I miss India. I was very disappointed. Every dish tasted like it was spiced the same (including the paneer) - a muddy mix of too much sauce / lacking freshness - although the presentation of food was lovely, there was no subtlety to the dishes - I did not finish a single dish though my companion liked their chicken - the inclusion of pork on the menu seemed very strange for a restaurant representative of New Delhi - I had a drink without alcohol which tasted like a strawberry milkshake though the waiter described its ingredients in exotic terms - I don't advise spending that much money on Indian food you could get many places in New York with more taste variation, less $$$$ and less pomposity which, for me, becomes annoying after a certain point. The service was very good - all had precise knowledge of ingredients which were obscure on menu - less mystery on menu would have made ordering less labor intensive though we have no plans to go back and will not recommend to friends.
very good food if you order the right items on the menu. the tamarind sea bass was fantastic as was the rib. the chaat was too small and not that great. my husband got the paneer appetizer which was not so good.  friends got the squid which was also very tasty. all in all nice experience. good atmosphere.
We tried this place as pre theAtre dinner for the messiah.  As far as I know this is a relatively new place that came from New Delhi.  A la carte menu can be ordered at the bar, while tasting menu is orders in the dining room.  There is no bar tables but only stools. We were greeted by a very nice bartender who served a very good non alcoholic cocktail.  It had nice Scent of Indian spice but also tasted good.  As for the food we ordered lamb, ocra with sweet potato and another dish I forgot.  Overall they were pretty tasty.It is not a cheap restaurant but a la carte is a definitely doable option.
This is definitely one of the most memorable Indian meals I have ever had in my life. For those people who are looking for traditional Indian food with regular spice and broth, you would get so disappointed; as none of the dishes would fit into that category. Instead, each single dish we have ordered was more like a combination of Indian and modern cuisine, that made my whole tasting experience fascinating.We started with some naan small bites filled with blue cheese - as a cheese hater, I could not help but to finish up each single bite as the cheese was grilled perfectly well and marinated itself with the bread outside. My appetizer chicken salad, on the other hand, carried a light spicy flavor, that completely opened up my palate. I should say the main course sea bass was actually not living up to the hype - small in size and a bit lack of flavor. I actually loved my co-worker's fried soft shell crab more...Overall a pretty positive experience and I would recommend anyone having interest in modern dish to give a try. Slightly pricey given the amount of food you actually got.
For months I had been wanting to visit Indian Accent and thanks to the wonderful Cristiano, who helped me make the reservation, my dream became a reality.Indian Accent was beyond phenomenal!!! My brother and I were welcomed by the amazing Matrîe D' Michael who sat us down and gave us the most heartfelt welcome.Brady was our waiter and his knowledge and pronunciation of the items in the menu were fantastic - Indian accent uses the most delicious rare ingredients in a very peculiar way, where your taste buds feel the Indian flavors and cuisine yet the combinations of ingredients will leave imagining what the dish may taste like, but once you savor it, it will leave you craving for more.This was far, one of the best Lunches I've ever had. We were served a delicious complimentary Amuse-Bouche of Pumpkin coconut shorba and blue cheese naan. It was so so delicious and warm.For appetizers I tried the delicious beet and peanut butter tikki, goat cheese raita and my brother tried the bengal rice khichdi, crispy lentils, smoked papad. We were transported to another place. The flavors and presentation were superb! For Entree I was so thrilled on ordering and could not make up my mind between a couple of dishes, but the wonderful Brady helped us decide and his recommendations exceeded my expectations! We opted for the soft-shell crab koliwada, malvani dried shrimp pulao and salmon, dill, chutney potatoes. The flavors and texture of the items were truly out of this world. That has been one of the best seasoned and paired soft shell crab I've ever had.Accompaniments: Wild mushroom and butter chicken Kulcha. (Still craving for more)For Dessert; one of my favoriteDoda barfi treacle tart, vanilla bean ice cream- reminded me of a delicious pecan pie- one of my favorite desserts, but the taste in the Doda Barfi Treacle Tart was even better.My brother savored the Kesar mango, almond shrikhand which he mentioned it was very very delicious.The food, amazing service, knowledge of the staff truly made this experience beyond outstanding. Cannot wait to return! Thank you to the wonderful Chef, Staff and Management!
Eating at Indian Accent was more like an experience than a dinner. Everything from service to food was exceptional. We did four course dinner and tried one of their signature cocktails. Every dish was an absolute delight so was the cocktail. Food is very flavorful without overloading on spices. One of the few places in New York worth spending $100ish per person.
Pricey but delicious elegant and modern Indian food in midtown. Lunch is a great deal though. The highlights were the pumpkin soup, jackfruit roti, pork with curd rice, tamarind sea bass, dosa with mushrooms and truffles, and maybe my favorite, the hoisin duck naan. Service was a little slow to start. We sat for a while before anyone came by. But then ordered off the prix fixed menu and decided to share everything. The restaurant has a modern decor to match the food. They gave us some chocolate for dessert in a box. We decided to eat them there. One had a liquid center. Which exploded all over my friend. A warning with such types of food would be nice. Generally a very good meal. I look forward to coming back for dinner.
Top 5 meal of my life. Staff was wonderful. Polished without being stuffy. The food was incredible. The Chicken Kofta, Butter Chicken and Sea Bass were our favorites. The Bengal Rice with Nan were the best appetizer I've had. Encourage starting with their Rose for a refreshing drink!
AMAZING!!! Being an Indian, I have pretty high standards for Indian food. This place did not disappoint. Menu is different from what you would expect at a regular Indian place. So no paneer tikka,  chicken tikka. If you do not like to experiment this place is not for you. Food- we got the four course dinner. It was absolutely wonderful, with unique flavors and combinations. It is a fusion of ingredients that I never imagined being together. Presentation was beautiful as well. Ambiance- it has a nice clean look.  But I would say nothing mind blowing. We visited on a weekday so it was full with people on business trip. Service- perfect amount of attention and speed. I usually don't like servers who hang around like a shadow. Our glasses were always filled and plates cleared between courses. Price- it is a fine dining restaurant with a Michelin star. So the cost is not just for the food, but the overall experience. It came to about $350 for two of us. I will certainly be visiting again on a special occasion. This time we celebrated husbands birthday there. Definitely worth trying!
Won't recommend!!!Bad Service!!!!! Too many waiters, yet slow and Mute service!!!Food is really overpriced for the taste, portion and the meal type.Presentation is very nice, but taste's average like any deli would offer!
I love this move towards modern/fancy/molecular indian food!  First Rooh in SF, and then Indian Accent.  The flavors are amazing and frequently put into unusual textures.We opted for the 4-course menu so we could share everything and try 8 dishes:- Potato Sphere- Mathri Trio (indian food cones!)- Pulled Jackfruit sandwich (it's good but it ain't pulled pork)- Beef Kebab- Ghee Roast Lamb- Salmon (this was from the tasting menu... amay-zing!)- Hoisin Duck Naan- Cucumber Raita- Meethe chawal (Sweet rice with cashews)- Doda Barfi treacle tartService was great, ambience was great.  No complaints!
Food very good and diverse. Goat brains on menu so def not your traditional Indian restaurant.  Extremely slow and inattentive service keeping me from giving this 4 stars.  Took forever to get a first glass of wine. Yikes!! I'm not sure how the Michelin system works as this has a star but if you are looking for traditional Indian this is not your place. It's exotic food with exotic prices.  If you are a true foodie looking for something unusual and over the top this is your place.
This place was the best intersection of fine dining and  casual attitude. I loved the way their tasting menu is set up - you don't need to choose one dish per category; you very well could get 3 desserts if you wanted. No judgement. You could go back any number of times and try multiple combinations of dishes. Portions were also just right even for sharing. And the plating was made for social media. The food was delicious - carefully made, layers of flavor etc Seating was comfortable in the back dining room. I always gripe about how a man makes dining seats Bc a woman always ends up w marks on the back of their legs or the fabric is awful on the skin. But not this place. Noise level did pick up later in the evening but not unbearably loud. Lastly, service was amazing. It helped give a casual approachable vibe to the meal.Dishes were explained carefully and our waiter actually sent out a few more plates Bc he noticed we didn't order them / debated ordering them, and he thought they were cant miss ones. It was really thoughtful and appreciated. It likely didn't cost the restaurant more $, but engendered a lot of good will from our table... And made this dinner which was delicious, memorable.
If you go to Indian Accent expecting typical Indian dishes such as Butter Chicken or Chicken Tikka Masala, you will be disappointed. When they named the restaurant 'Indian Accent', they MEANT Indian ACCENT. The restaurant offers unique dishes with a hint of Indian influence. For those of you with MANGO ALLERGIES, like myself, you NEED to tell the server about your allergy. Although mango is listed as an ingredient in one or two of the dishes, they use mango powder in a number (if not most) of the dishes. The server and the chef were extremely accommodating when I came in and prepared altered versions of the dishes for me. Even with the alterations, the dishes were extremely good. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone I know.
This place is truly "as good as it gets" of Indian food - even better than the things they have in India and in London! Presentation is truly gorgeous, great service, nice decor. It is certainly on the higher end of prices, so the best thing to do is to go at lunch/brunch - you get many of the same items without the heavy price tag. They still have a 2-course minimum during the day, and you will probably want at least 3 courses - but that's a much more palatable $45 bill, vs. $75 for the same number of courses at dinner time.Between the two of us, we ordered 5 courses and one "side" item - a dill salmon dish, chutney potatoes, a paneer dish, braised lamb, and chicken kofta. The side was a flatbread with butter chicken inside (you can choose from many veg and non-veg stuffing options). In addition to all this, we were offered a shot-sized tasting of a coconut squash soup and another bite-sized stuffed bread, as well as a couple of truffle chocolates for each of us to finish off the meal.If I had to pick a favourite, I would probably not be able to. Literally every single dish blew our minds with flavour and quality - without being spicy. This is definitely a place you want to take your time to enjoy, and it would be wonderful for a special occasion or a date.
I have eaten lunch and dinner here and both were exceptional. This is a fine dining experience, Indian style. Table service includes a mouth-watering description of the menu which makes you wonder if the food could really be that good. It is. In fact it may even be better because in truth I enjoyed the flavours so much, the descriptions I heard beforehand had long since left my mind. Enjoy!
Review is for the $31 two-course lunch, which is a thrifty way to try this very nice spot. There were four of us and so we tried most of the menu, and everything ranged from good to great.The best: tuna bhel (raw tuna with vibrant flavors and puffed rice) and sea bass (tender fillets, incredible cream sauce). Black pepper pork, served cold with curd rice, was also offbeat and tasty.Also recommend the cheesecake (light as air, accompanied by delightful chewy tamarind orbs).I'll also note that the portions really punch above their weight - they're modestly sized but very filling. We were all stuffed for hours afterward (the amuse bouches and complimentary dessert snacks helped).
Excellent service, excellent food. Brought my co-workers here for lunch and they too were impressed by the food -- including the soft-shell crab and the stuffed naans. Service was great as well. Was not a fan of the dessert, but that's a matter of taste. Lovely ambiance; definitely a winner.
Oh my God. Best Indian food ever. Used to go to Vancouver just to eat at Vij's...Indian Accent is worth the trip to NYC!
"I'll have lamb chops", said the man,  dressed in a 3pc suit, while handing the menu back to the server. As the server stared back blankly (there are no lamb chops on the menu) the man added with a hint of exasperation, "you know, I pride myself on knowing Indian food, but I can't figure out your menu. You'll have to help me out". The server smiled politely and then patiently described every single dish on the menu!That interaction sums up Indian accent for me. Serving haute Indian cuisine that's been influenced by global culinary techniques, Indian accent is a worthy contender to Tamarind Tribeca for the top high end Indian restaurant in the city. You see the difference straight away from the complimentary amuse bouche: mine was the pumpkin coconut milk shorba with garam masala. That impactful introduction puts you on notice that you're dealing with serious people here. What I love about Indian Accent is that despite the modern influences, the food is authentically Indian. Yes, the traditional dishes have been paired with non-traditional ingredients, assembled in innovative combinations, and brought together by both traditional and modern styles of preparation within the same dish, but retain their Indian essence and soul. For some reason it reminds me of the saying in Thailand: "Same same but different." ;) "Try the Dal Muradabadi", was Srini's advice to me when he learned of my upcoming visit. You must trust Srini blindly when it comes to Dal. And, I did. I don't think I've had better Dal in an Indian restaurant. Ever. It wasn't just consistency (perfect), textural contrast from crackers and fried grams, salt, pepper, and spices - but (sugar and) a dollop of tamarind chutney and green chutney (mint?) that reminded me of street snacks (Chaat and Dahi vadas) in South Asia - but mixed into the Dal. For those who know Dal, this dish alone is worth a visit to the restaurant (and, I must note not on the menu currently!).As the (Indian origin) girl next to me asked the server about the sweet potato shakarkandi (an excellent pick from the appetizers) and I rolled my eyes at "clueless kids these days", the server brought out my pathar beef Kabab with bone marrow nihari. That dish at Indian accent exemplifies the harmonious marriage of two dishes traditionally segregated from each other in social gatherings but presented with such elegance here as is missing in traditional preparation. I also really liked the paper roast Dosa with mushrooms and water chestnuts and the Pav Bhaji. But, if you're a carboholic and debating on ordering the kulchas? Don't bother. Sadly, an unqualified disappointment with the filling muted by the bread. The dish that really endeared Indian Accent to me was the Makhan Malaai. Perhaps the single most authentically Indian (as opposed to fusion or inspired) new dessert I've seen in Indian restaurants in NYC. In like, forever - not just the last 3/5/10 years. Makhan Malai is actually a sweet treat popular during winters in Northern India, most associated with the bastion of arts, Lucknow. It's a minimalist dessert with milk, cream, saffron, cardamom, and palm sugar (sprinkled with almonds, and at Indian accent: rose petals and brittle) and is made from a process of boiling milk, adding cream, boiling it again, and after cooling leaving the mixture under the skies to expose it to dew, before churning for a few hours and reducing milk while mixing layers (with saffron and cardamom). I expect no one in NYC processes the mixture with dew(!), still the traditional process should give you an idea of how light, and ethereal the dessert is. But, the restaurant knowing that it's their greatest hit piles up on quantity, and so don't be deceived by the server telling you "its cloud like", you'll still have to share it :) While my first visit (dinner) was a solid 5 stars, both of my subsequent visits (lunch) have been less glorious. There's clearly a difference between the two meals that's not warranted for a restaurant of the caliber they aspire to. It's not just that the Daniel like symphony in service at dinner is missing at lunch, it's that the same appetizer or main (no adjustments for size or ingredients) tastes different, and so one wonders if the same team is available in the afternoon as it is at night. Further, while I'm not averse to paying for quality and demonstrable innovation (unlike people who balk at paying money for Indian restaurants), I'm unconvinced that if the dessert hadn't been as rich, I'd have left the restaurant satiated. There's a quantity to price trade-off at Indian Accent that makes me uncomfortable. So, they should look at (slightly) improving portion size. Size matters. That's simply settled science. And, Indian Accent is absolutely worth the visit. By now, that should be settled too. (4.5 stars)
I came here with my family for x mas eve dinner. They had a 9 course tasting menu which I was pretty excited for since I hadn't done a tasting menu at an Indian restaurant before. The only hitch in the service for the night was the delay with getting us seated, our table was empty when we arrived but it still took over 20 mins to get seated (we arrived on time. However, everything else was amazing from the first bite sized naan bread stuffed with blue cheese to the end. The service was great, the attention to detail and the atmosphere made the experience stand out that much more. The most important part, the food . . . Everything was perfect for what it was. All the seasonings, textures and courses were perfect. It's not cheap by any means but it definitely changes the face of fine Indian dining in NYC and will force others to elevate their dining experiences!
High scale modern Indian food. Classy environment. Fabulous desserts! My friend ordered the rice pudding which is amazing. And the makhan malai, airy and puffy. Great deal to eat lunch here. The whole set is around $40.
Very tasty Indian food that's worth the higher price point. We stopped by for Valentine's Day, and we enjoyed a nice, creative meal. The service was a bit off at times, but the quality of the food throughout the meal was top notch, and I thought the dishes overall were were very well prepared and had a lot of flavor. I would definitely return to try some items off the a la carte menu at some point.
An amazing dinner service from all perspectives. A few things to keep in mind, this attracts a lot of business dinners and due to the seating and layout of the restaurant, it can be rather loud and obnoxious if you are anywhere near another party. The menu is all bought in courses, meaning you can get 3 courses and select from all their offerings for what you would like. The staff was extremely accommodating with our tasting menu as my friend had already experienced the tasting menu here so they ensured to mix it up while also bringing out the favorites. The sommelier came out to help us pair a wine for the remaining courses. The waiter was very helpful with us trying to decide amongst the wines and let us sample some of the potential options. We got the tasting menu with about 10 different courses so I will dive right in because there were a lot of food that spanned almost 3 hours. The dishes came in the order as mentioned below.·dhokla with black garlic chutney, shisito pepper - This opened up the appetite with a sponge like texture with a rich black garlic sauce·pumpkin soup and blue cheese naan - Amuse-bouche, one bite seasonal soup. Generally not a fan of pumpkin dishes but this had a subtle pumpkin taste that I surprisingly liked. Blue cheese naan...if you like blue cheese you will like this. Very strong blue cheese flavor for such a small bite.·potato sphere chaat, white pea mash - slightly heavy dish as it is very starchy. the apple slice and yogurt topping helps to address this.·baby squid, crispy rice, everything chutney - my favorite dish, perfectly fried squid covered with chutney that provided a nice kick. Topped with airy rice puffs which made every bite a nice crispy crunch that was not oily or overfried.·pulled jackfruit phulka - essentially eating a taco as the phulka is semi-crispy but still pliable but a delicious combination of jackfruit that felt just like eating meat. This was topped with crispy thin onion that balanced the jackfruit. ·sweet pickle ribs, sundried mango, onion seeds - tender beautiful rib that is a mixture of so many complex flavors that I can't even put to words. This is paired with a slice of sweet mango. Definitely worth having if you only get a few courses.·lemon kulfi palate cleanser - first time having a kulfi which seems to usually be creamy or rich but this wasn't the case. It felt more like eating just a regular popsicle without any dairy. The lemon was a subtle sourness and included a bit of salty savoriness. This was a nice reset after the rib so the flavors don't roll over to the next course.·pork belly vindaloo, goan red rice - At this point in the meal we were already stuffed and thought we were at the dessert phase but then we are presented with this pork belly. Perfectly tender belly with lots of rich vindaloo sauce served on goan red rice, a rather large sized grain of rice. Very filling dish.·Various naans,  Daal and yogurt accompaniments - these were served alongside the pork belly which made this course overwhelming. We were lucky enough to get four of their stuffed nanns, wild mushroom, saag paneer, butter chicken, hoisin duck. All delicious in their own right, it's really a matter of preference. They each are filled with just the right amount of filling that you don't even need to add anything to it. The mushroom one is very earthy as it is wild mushrooms. Hoisin duck has a bit of sweetness to it from the hoisin and the other two are very traditional flavors.·makhan malai, saffron milk, rose petal jaggery brittle, almonds - This was the perfect finish for me for a dessert. Light and creamy, similar to eating a mousse .Flavors include floral nodes with a nutty finish from the brittle and almonds. Very unique as perfect follow-up from the richer dishes beforehand.·doda barfi treacle tart, vanilla bean ice cream - without knowing the name of this dish it was hard to pinpoint how this dish has an Indian accent. In plain words it is a gooey caramel tart served with ice cream. Rich finish and overall pretty sweet of a dessert which is what I expect from an Indian dessert.Wonderful experience with great service by the staff. Myriad of various Indian flavors when you do the tasting menu.
WOW! The customer service... Was OUTSTANDING! I was soooo impressed! Very professional. Courteous. On point with everything! Quick customer service. Very attentive. They were always there right when you finished your dishes. They walk you all the way to the bathroom. The coat room lady took our stuff out for us before we even asked her as we were exiting.. Perfect timing! The words barely left my mouth and she was already turning around midpoint with our stuff in her hand. The FOOD... The food was DELICIOUS!! Rich with flavor! I had a food/mouthgasm twice. See my pics for the food I ate. I can't remember what the dishes were called but I remember the drink I got.. It's a mocktail with pomegranate and star anise.Out of all the restaurants (in the 27 states) I've been to, this restaurant has THE best restaurant customer service in the U.S. (in my opinion). I'd say it's the best restaurant customer service I've ever received in the world (I've been to several countries) but only one place beats it... The restaurant is called Osteria Barberini in Barberini, Rome, Italy. Still, Indian Accent was such a wonderful place for delicious, quality food AND outstanding customer service! VERY impressed.
Amazing food; waiter was really helpful since I'm vegetarian and I didn't want any fried dishes. Wine, mix drinks and service was excellent!. We will definitely be back. The best garlic naan!
Probably the best Indian meal I've ever had in my life.Keep in mind this is upscale but the chef managed to keep the flavors authentic while letting you know this is how exceptional Indian cuisine can be.Amazing food..everything I had was special.I will be eating here every time I visit NYC.
Incredible from the moment you walk into the restaurant. My experience started off with the great smell that was in the restaurant. Most restaurants with strong smells are terrible but the smell of Indian accent was so welcoming and inviting. The short ribs and soft shell crab were superb and fantastic. My favorite and an item that I will remember forever was the pumpkin shorba, simply superb in every way. All in all, great food and great atmosphere and can't wait till my next visit.
This is the NYC branch of a highly acclaimed New Delhi modern Indian restaurant. It deserves every accolade it's gotten, from the space and decor to the really just nigh on perfect service. And the food. And the wine (glass, or two, of Maison L'Envoyé Two Messengers Pinot Noir 2014 from the Willamette Valley - fantastic wine).In the dining room it's tasting menu only, I think. At the bar, there's a short a la carte menu and bar snacks, we went mostly with the latter. Let's see, from the top, and each dish as good as the previous one.-blue cheese naan with pumpkin soup (these were giveaways, but we ordered another round, which they happily brought)-crab claws, butter-pepper-garlic, cauliflower-bheja fry, goat brains, khasta roti (so good we ordered another plate of these, and my friend had said upfront he doesn't eat offal, he does now)-pathar beef kebab, bone marrow nihari-sweet pickle ribs, sundried mango, onion seeds (some of the best bbq ribs you'll have)-phulka chili pork-mathri trio: smoked eggplant bharta; duck khurchan; chicken khurchan-soft-shell crab koliwada, malvani dried shrimp pulao-cute Ecuadorian waiter (wasn't on the menu)Expensive, but worth every penny.
I have eaten in the New York branch multiple times and the only better Indian food I have ever had is at the New Delhi branch!First of all, the service is always spectacular. The waitstaff are attentive, very knowledgeable and exceedingly friendly. Only drawback is the food can at times take a while to come out. I really enjoy the amuse bouche soup and blue geese bread they provide. Delicious. Maybe one day they will change it up.The food is the star. Whimsical takes on Indian classics, all with a refined twist. The chef (who we met in New Delhi and is very friendly). Know how to compose dishes seamlessly. From the tuna and salmon starter to the chicken kofta (with the tastiest sauce in the world), to the soft shell crab, I just keep coming back.The desserts - which I rarely have room for - are also 5/5.When you pay your bill you also get a tasty sampling of desserts too! I LOVE this place.  I really wanted to buy chef Manish Mehrotra's book in New Delhi but they were out :(.
Delightful Indian cuisine with definite flare!  The decor and layout very aesthetically pleasing too.  Good attentive service.  Complimentary soup in a mini mug was very tasty - pumpkin and some spices was a seasonal favorite.  The blue cheese infused nan was also quite intense and a great prelude to a sweet potato and crispy okra appetizer.  Great flavor and not overwhelmingThe entree was a fish on a bed of coconut style curry with some light vegetables.  Absolutely worked!  Tamarind on the fish was exactly right and the combo of the sauce and the fish was excellent.   Light digestive items after the lunch completed a delightful experience.   Will be back.
Lovely lunch service. Everything was delectable and beautifully presented. The amuse bouche was so good (butternut squash soup) that we got seconds (I think our server noticed that we were practically licking our cups clean). He tuna starter was amazing as was the fish for the main course. Also get that wonderful cloud like mouse dessert. It was gorgeous and yummy!
Ok So being from India and from Delhi, where original Indian Accent was opened a couple years ago, I was really excited for the Nyc location to open. We went their with family and reservation I must say weren't easy to get. They don't take reservations between certain time slots even for large groups which I found unsettling for a fine dine restaurant. We sat in the main dining room and were promptly seated. The dining room is nice, elegant, nothing to set it apart but gives you a quaint feel. They started us with amuse bouche which was a pumpkin soup. We started ordering more of a tapas style. The portions are very small but I guess that's the concept of the restaurant. It's more of a tapas style Indian rather than traditional family style with def a very unique presentation. I specifically loved their beet chaat and the small rolls. The dessert was really good too. Overall a great place to try.
First and foremost, Indian Accent is expensive. HOWEVER, this does not mean it isn't worth far beyond its price. We have eaten here twice, and both times have been outstanding. If you ever have a reason to celebrate Indian Accent should be the place you go, over any other NYC restaurant.As an aside, the menu can be incredibly intimidating (we had trouble producing more than half the words), but the service staff is patient, exciting and thoughtful. Not only do they tell you about the dish, but about its creation and reason for being. The food is downright perfect. Complex Flavors, over the top creativity, worldwide ingredients and cooked to perfection. You probably will never taste anything quite like it. I cannot give this restaurant enough praise, and cannot recommend it highly enough. Please go try it, and have any expectation exceeded.
Got the tasting menu, and really enjoyed it. The beet and peanut butter tikki was pretty fab. We actually ended up getting a complimentary extra portion of this because of a waiter mix-up, and it was just as yummy the second time. The sea bass was really nice too, as was the soft shell crab. The makhan malai is the must-have dessert here; it's a wonderful mousse, and the portion is really impressive. In general the appetizers were rather good, and if the waiters offer you the choice of taking more appetizers than main courses, do so.On the flip side, the main courses were generally okay, nothing remarkable. I had a palak paneer type thing that was quite dismal. The breads were pretty meh, though the blue cheese stuffed naan amuse bouche was pleasant. The kheer with crispy sevia was practically inedible. The cocktails were hit-or-miss. I got the smoke and spice, which ended up tasting pretty much like a smoky whisky (the base) with nothing more going on. Some of the other cocktails were actually quite tasty.Worth a visit though, and you'll be pretty stuffed at the end.
Can't say anything that anyone already hasn't!Food is delicious and service is amazing. Not the cheapest (we paid $300+ because of 3 drink orders) but it's fine dining. If you're celebrating a special occasion, definitely mention it at the time of booking. The staff were exceptionally good and every single person wished me a happy birthday. I also got a complementary dessert!Highlights of our visit:Exceptional serviceButter chicken nan - MUST TRYComplementary food for my birthday. The ambience:The restaurant has two sections - outside area a la carte and inside which is set menu. I would def go a la carte next time. Set menu starts at $75 for 3 dishes of your choice from any category ( appetizer, main, dessert). This place is dimly lit. It's noisy for a fine dining but I never mind that. I love talking to people :)We ate:Dhodha - complementary appetizer. Made with black gram flour(besan) that is fermented and then steamed, to make a fluffy savory cake with amazing taste. This is served with pumpkin shorba(mini cups of spiced pumpkin soup) and a non spicy green chilly. Sea bass - fresh fish served on a bed of coconut milk broth. Pav bhaji - puréed mixed veg with mini pav(white bread rolls). The rolls are very tiny and super cute. The veggies were garnished with puffed rice and a baby pakoda(fritter). Dosa - paper thin crepe made with rice+lentil batter, filled with 5 types of mushrooms sautéd in tomato onion. Kolhapuri chicken - non traditional still yummy. Creamy chicken served over salad of cucumber. Butter chicken nan - the highlight of their menu. This is a must try dish. At $9 this is the most expensive nan I have had but so worth it. Butter chicken is filled inside the nan which in itself is art to me! Tastes amazing. Nan is cut into 4 slices hair like a pizza. Mushroom nan - complementary for us as we were talking to our waitress and she really a wanted us to try this! When do you ever get that at a place?! This again was yummy! Laddoo cheesecake - laddoo is made of besan and in this version the shell of the tart was made with the laddoo ingredients. The tart is then filled with cheesecake filling ( sour cream). This is exceptionally heavy to eat!Kheer - the restaurant gave this to us complementary as it was my birthday. If you've never tried Indian sweets, this one is for you. Yummy rice pudding served with fried crispy vermicelli and vanilla ice cream. Dhodha - sticky cake made with evaporating and reducing milk. this isn't the easiest dessert to make. I was surprised they had it on the menu. It isn't available freely even in India. This is quite sweet so stay away if you're not a sweet tooth. They also do two courses at lunchtime for $30. I'm unsure of the days. I loved this place so much, I could actually work there! Staff are friendly to each other and the diners and have fun. I didn't mind one bit tipping them at all.
Probably one of the best meals I've ever had! Indian accent does such an amazing job of fusing traditional Indian food and adding a modern flare. All the dishes were so original and presented so well. They have a long list of drinks, including non alcoholic- soft cocktails. I got the stickey wicket which tasted similar to pineapple juice with a kick of cinnamon. It has a very original taste. To start with, everyone is given a tiny blue cheese naan and a tiny savory type of soup that reminded me of a fall soup with an Indian twist. I ordered the tofu coconut vadai for my first course and it was scrumptious! It was crispy on the outside with loads of flavor on the inside, a strong dallop of sauce on the side, and 2 beets. I also really recommend the tuna bhel that also had quite an array of tastes in a small plate. The sweet potato shakarkandi and kohlapuri are great as well depending on what you prefer. As a party of 4, we ended up getting all different dishes and no one was disappointed with their dishes. For the second course, I got the Bombay pao Baji and it was pretty good. It had a little crispy ball filled with goat cheese, surrounded by a sauce/salsa. For dessert, we got the doda barfi treacle tart and it was amazing! It almost tasted like a brownie with ice cream, but Indian style and not actually chocolate. It had the best mix of hot and cold melting in your mouth, I highly recommend getting it. The crispy seviyan were really good as well, but I prefer the Bombay pao Baji. I was very impressed with the whole experience at Indian accent as well as the extraordinary service. The servers are so attentive and make sure you are having a great experience. This place is a prime example of a restaurant with over the top service and food. Yes it's a little pricy, but I assure you it's worth the price!
This review is only for the bar. My god, the bartender was amazing. He made some of the most unique and delicious drinks I've ever had. Although he lacked personality, he made it up in how he made those drinks. Purely amazing.
Was prepared to drop $500 for two people for the chef's tasting and wine pairing. We came on time to our reservation and the restaurant had several tables available but we were offered a table next to the bathroom or next to the serving station. Too bad.
Nice, fancy place. That is not in question.But the food is surely not authentic and over priced.For 2 people we spend more than 250$ without alcohol!!Not recommend!
The food is great and so is the service. My only concern was the quantity was kind of a joke. I had ordered Bengali khichdi and pohe. Both the dishes were just few spoonfuls. The food anyway is pricey but that is something you can accept if the quality is good. But each dish was so small that I was still hungry after having them and I am a light eater.
Dinner on 11/26/16.  I really struggled with this one, I really wanted the rating to be higher, but I just could not justify it.  Let me reveal that I am originally from India and have lived here for the past 26 years.  The meal did not amaze me - the dishes were good, just not exceptional.  And, for $360 (only one beer, no other alcohol) for three diners, you deserve exceptional.The food was flavorful and the presentation was very good, but I was expecting to be blown away at these prices.  I had the 4-course prix-fix menu including the lamb supplement.  Which, ironically turned out to be the weakest dish.  Besides that, I had the scallops, ribs, and doda barfi for dessert.  I enjoyed all three, with the scallops being just okay.  Overall wait staff service was good.I do recommend the place, just don't expect to be overwhelmed...
We had a terrific dinner at Indian Accent.  On a slushy, train-delayed evening prior to a trip to the theater, we arrived late and a bit harried by our experience getting to the restaurant. The staff at the front couldn't have been nicer about the misstep at the start of the evening. They were warm and welcoming, and they promised we would have plenty of time to enjoy our meal.And enjoy it we did.  There were some dishes better than others (the ghee lamb, pork rib and treacle tart, as well as the butter chicken kulcha were real standouts), but all were exceptionally well presented. The cocktails were splendid, although some were heavier on the ice than one might have wanted (particularly at $17 a drink). We had to flag down our server a few times to get cutlery or extra plates for sharing, or even to order an additional drink, so despite the attentiveness to service from the supporting players, some additional training for our main server on making efforts to engage with diners would be useful.That said, it was a very nice meal and we would happily recommend it or return.
Almost certainly the best Indian food I've had since I left the U.K. This restaurant is in a class of its own and I cannot wait for my next trip to New York to eat there again. Truly wonderful!!
This restaurant was on my list of must visit, and I wasn't disappointed. Modern décor. The conception of the dishes was unique, and each was presented in a different way. It's fun when every dish is served differently and  you look forward to choosing and then seeing how it will turn out to be. Portion sizes are small  though. We went there for lunch which has a prix fix menu of 2 courses and a third can be added for extra charge. There is a flexibility of choosing any of 2 dishes out of starters, entrees and desserts.For the amuse bouche we were served blue cheese naan and pumpkin soup both of which were amazing.For my two course meal I got1. Salmon, chutney potatoes which was outstanding. Salmon was cooked to perfection, marination was perfect with not much spices and was tender and highly enjoyable. 2. Braised lamb, prune korma and millet khichdi. The sauce was poured on top of the lamb in front of us. The lamb was so tender and juicy. For the drinks we tried the mudra punch and the mango#4. Both of these are nice options.We had gone in a group and so I got a chance to try other dishes too. I tried the  paneer, saag and the chicken kofta, kadhi both of which were good but nothing exceptional. Found  the chicken kofta dish to be incomplete without any naan or roti. The portion sizes were tiny.  We ended up ordering accompaniments as the food wasn't enough to fill you up. Out of the extra dished which we ordered black daal was good, kulcha was tasty but the size again was so small, didn't like the mushroom rice much.The dessert experience was a mixed one - had the dhoda barfi which was excellent but did not like the makhan malai - was fluffy and didn't have a particular taste to it.To sum it up this place is good for a fine dining experience. Most of the dishes were good, some were not. But there is a limited menu to choose from. They should have more options to choose from. Also the portion size does not justify the high prices however good the food is. Menu is planned in such an manner that no bread is supplied and to add that and few accompaniments increases the price.  We had gone there as an anniversary celebration and informed them about it but were not even acknowledged about it.Will give it 3 and a  1/2 star but since  1/2 is not available chose 4 instead.
Not exactly Indian food, however, some Indian flavored food not worth the price for sure. Bad and slow service for Sunday night. No attention to details or know when to check in case someone wants another drink or has a question. Many managers and staff just not sure what for and what exactly they do. They need to train staff on how often to check on a table, when to offer coffee, when to ask if they need another drink and most importantly how to deal with issues.
This was the first time we had been to this place, it was our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Our kids had recommended us this place  they treated us like royalty 4 course meal. It was Indian Food with Classic Style  NYC Ambience was also great. Had we known it's a classy restaurant we would have dressed up. Highly recommend to have the taste of different variety of food, Appetizer:* sweet potato shakarkandi, kohlrabi, crispy okra * potato sphere chaat, white pea mash * scallops, cauliflower saffron shorba, pickled gobiMain Course:* chicken kofta, punjabi kadhi, onion pakora
* pork chili fry, rice crusted prawn, poha
* braised lamb, prune korma, rajasthani pearl millet khichdiAccompaniments:* Kulcha: wild mushroom  butter chicken
* black dairy dal with morel pulaoDeserts:* makhan malai, saffron milk, rose petal jaggery brittle, almonds* doda barfi treacle tart, vanilla bean ice cream
* cheeni ki roti, marshmallows, old monk ice cream * meethe chawal, sweet rice, almond milk, barberriesEach course was well decorated  well cooked, the Lamb was the Best, you could see the tenderness  juicy meat it just melted in our mouth. Would highly recommend to see how classy can be Indian Restaurant right in middle of Manhattan, really worth spending the precious time together  money. They had a special card to wish us on our 25th wedding anniversary.
KenScale: 8.5/10I am always a sucker for hearty Indian food, but it's not often that you see a lot of modern Indian restaurants trying to showcase the range of flavor of this huge country across different regions and influences. Beyond all the chicken tikka masala curry dishes, India displays so much versatility in its food and yet that attribute has not been really translated to a fine dining-type restaurants. Sure, I liked my experiences at places like Tamarind or Junoon, but it's hard to name one go-to game changer if someone asks me where they experience modern Indian dining. The team behind the acclaimed New Delhi restaurant Indian Accent decided to change that by opening a New York outpost in Le Parker Meridien Hotel (that place with perennial tourist brunch trap Norma's and perennial tourist burger trap (although a very good one) The Burger Joint) earlier this year. My recent experience at Indian Accent showed a lot of promise and I had a very pleasant dinner.The price tag at Indian Accent doesn't come cheap (starting at $75 per person for three courses, $90 for four and $110 for chef's tasting) and there are also additional dishes that you can only get as supplements (i.e. extra bucks). I obviously wished the hefty price tag of $38 were reduced, but otherwise had no complaint about the supplement of ghee roast lamb that you can wrap in roti pancakes with four different types of sauce. It was quite a marvelous dish that displayed very nice balance of flavor. I just couldn't stop eating shell after shell of this delicious starter. Sweet potato shakarkandi with kohlrabi and crispy okra also had different vegetables working together for an elegant dish. While the spice of Indian cuisine tends to be on the stronger (and hence very addictive once you get hooked into it), the kitchen at Indian Accent has done very well to moderate that potent flavor often to great effect. Soy keema with quail egg on top was a delightful treat, as were the juicy, tender sweet pickle ribs with sundried mango and onion seeds that my dining companion and I quickly disposed of. The soft-shell crab at Indian Accent is definitely one of the better self-shell crab dishes in the city in terms of texture (the crunchy sensation was quite memorable), and I could totally eat pork belly vindaloo with goan red rice almost every day for a take-out if it is available, again displaying rich but not heavy flavor that was different from what I typically understand as the strength of Indian spice. For dessert, don't skip muskan malai dish with saffron milk; this airy dish at first tasted somewhat funky but over time my dining companion and I couldn't stop digging this delightful dish that wasn't overly sweet to my liking.Getting a reservation at Indian Accent is manageable, but it's always preferable to book in advance given that the restaurant is located inside a hotel so there will always be hotel guests. There is a full bar with some Indian-inspired cocktails on the menu. I liked the modern vibe of the dining space that was bright and trendy but not stuffy at all. I'm really glad that New Delhi team decided to invade the Big Apple with this winner that could really become a champion of modern Indian cuisine in the city. A repeat visit will definitely happen sometime in the future.
It's good food, they gave it a modern twist but for the price the portions are awfully small, I had to wake up in the middle of the night to eat something despite a 3 course meal with accompaniments.Pro: Great taste, nice ambience, "modern" Indian food; had a great time with friendsCons: extremely small main course portions. If you are hungry, not the place to go to. It's more of a classy tete-a-tete place (imagine yourself at a Bollywood party, always conscious of being caught by a photographer with your mouth full of food which I think justifies their small portion sizes)I'd recommend to go to this place once for the entire experience and you are ok with shelling out those extra dollars
Indian Accent is a fancy indulgence--on a regular basis when money is no object (read "nerdy Indian hedge fund manager") or occasionally for the rest of us who can only aspire to go there after subjecting themselves to a steady diet of Progresso soups to make room for their fine dining adventures (read "frugal foodies").I have tried the three-course, four-course and chef's tasting menus (on three separate occasions, of course).  It is easy to be overwhelmed by these choices.  But with the n-course menu options, it is good to know that you can substitute without any restrictions.  Tell them what you like, and so long as you stick with the total number, it is fine.  The chaat with potato, paper roast dosa, black dairy dal, dal moradabadi (my absolute favorite), chur chur paratha are notably good.  From the dessert options, the malai is fluffy and unique, and the mango shrikhand is perfectly executed.  Everything is presented with panache, and the service staff is attentive and accommodating.  On a side note, I talked to Chef Manish Mehrotra, the brain behind both the New Delhi and New York menus.  He is very understated and poised and seems to enjoy his work.Indian food should never be so pricey, unless it is so good.  Indian Accent is a welcome addition to the ranks of Daniel and Gramercy Tavern.  I will return for a special occasion--like winning the Nobel prize or the lottery.
To be honest, the prices had initially discouraged me from wanting to try this place. I was thinking about any Indian restaurant I've ever tried (and there have been many) were all very similar. So, why, I thought, would I spend so much on Indian food to get the same standard Indian food I could get anywhere?Well, I saw the reviews in Yelp, and thought I'd give it a try anyway.  I was not disappointed at all. This is probably the best Indian restaurant in NYC and is deserving of a Michelin star. I'm actually surprised it doesn't have a Michelin star. The prix fixe lunch menu is the way to go.  Get the sweet potato shakarkandi!! It will be unlike anything you've ever had. The food is delicious. The service was above average. We happened to have a "newish" waiter but he was still very good--just didn't have a super great understanding of the menu.  The atmosphere is super luxe with beautiful appointments throughout the restaurant. A tip for you -- if you order a soft drink, be careful of the straw--which is made of metal. It looked like a plastic straw so I almost chipped my front tooth when I went for my first sip of Coke. And get dessert--it seems expensive but it is wonderful. I can't say enough great things about the quality of the food and ambiance of this restaurant.
Price fixe menu - fine wines . It's okay cuisine and it's very loud that you barely can hear your company. Very lively place but staff was very quick to take things off table and serve next dish. You couldn't enjoy the tastes presented on the plate. We were slightly rushed , again very noisy and the staff knew their items but didn't stay long enough for us to ask questions... I would think twice before coins again w 5 people ... maybe not a group restaurant .:(
Really - see subject! The place is expensive but for a special occasion, you can get a very well presented meal, served by passionate and engaged waitstaff and have your taste buds be happy too! It's vegan and vegetarian friendly!
Incredible Indian fine dining! We tried the chef's tasting menu and the quality of the food along with the spices were everything I had read about the indian location. Out of all the dishes, the Tamarind Sea Bass and the Rib were by far the best...Service was simply impeccable (well, it also should be for the price) and they do a great job of explaining all the dishes to you, helpful for those not familiar with Indian spices.I was a bit disappointed with the ambience, it was a bit "bland" with not much character. I would point out the portions are quite small, which is expected since this place is about the experience and "tasting" so suggest not coming here on a night you're starving. Although the burger joint at the Parker Meridian hotel is right next door!!!
Modern Indian restaurant, located right next to Le Parker Meridien hotel.Recently received two stars from Pete Wells of the NY Times.From the NYT review: "Since opening Indian Accent in a small hotel on the outskirts of New Delhi in 2009, the chef Manish Mehrotra has become one of the most admired chefs in India."Tried the excellent Chef's tasting menu (approx. 10 courses; good value at $110, imo).You pick the main from the menu.Loved all the courses by Executive Chef Manish Mehrotra, including the desserts.Only wished it included the soft shell crab dish in the tasting menu.Many interesing items on the menu that I wanted to try, so going to come back again and order a la carte.Excellent service.Many thanks to the bartender for that amazing mango/cream cocktail.Highly recommended.: 9 calendars
I recently had the opportunity to go to Indian Accent for dinner.  My group had heard great things about the restaurant, so we were very excited to go.The restaurant is under the Parker Meridien.  The space itself is small but is a very beautiful environment.  The decor is simple, with lots of white and neutrals.  The service was also excellent -- our waitress was very attentive, with lots of suggestions on dishes.  The other staff were prompt in filling our waters and other drinks as well.Our dining party opted for the four course.  The chef's tasting did look good but required the participation of the whole table.  The menu is set up with "first, second, third, fourth" options, but in choosing courses, you are able to choose from any section of the menu.  I really liked this aspect of the menu.The meal started with two amuse bouche offerings -- a pumpkin soup and naan stuffed with blue cheese.  Despite not really liking blue cheese, I really enjoyed both.I tried the following dishes:Shiso leaf chaat, water chestnuts (3.5/5): Interesting take on chaat, with a nice combination of crispy and soft textures.Soft paneer, crispy quinoa, ramps (3/5): I was really excited to try this, but it was a pretty average paneer dish.  The paneer, while a nice consistency, was not spicy enough for my taste.Soy keema, quail egg, lime leaf butter pao (4.5/5): Hands down my favorite dish of the meal.  The soy was made into a consistency similar to that of ground beef, and it was very well spiced and flavorful.  If going to Indian Accent, I would consider this a must order for me.Paper roast dosa, mushrooms, water chestnuts (4/5): A really nice take on dosa.  The dosa itself was very crispy, which I like a lot, and the filling was good as well.  I wish it had been a bit spicier, but overall quite good.Silken tofu, quinoa pulao, bottle gourd curry (3/5): An okay tofu dish with quinoa.  Like several other things in the meal, it wasn't spicy enough.Tamarind sea bass, herb barley, spinach piroyal, kerala moilee (3.5/5): Decent sea bass.  I enjoyed the interesting mix of flavors and the addition of the barley.  The bass itself was really nice quality, but it was a bit dry.Makhan malai, saffron milk, rose petal jaggery brittle, almonds (2.5/5): An airy, silky, mousse-like dessert made from milk cream and topped with sugar and almond pieces.  This dessert was just okay -- it was the one I ordered, and it was definitely not my favorite.Kesri mango, almond shrikhand (3.5/5): Our waitress was very insistent about our trying this dessert and mentioned that it had been lauded in reviews.  I was pretty let down by this dish.  Although I enjoyed the mango, I did not find the dish to be groundbreaking.Chur chur paratha (4.5/5): Very tasty paratha.  Crispy and fluffy all at once, a nice complement to the meal.Wild mushroom kulcha (4/5): Kulcha stuffed with mushroom that was very good.  The mushroom was soft and flavorful and went very nicely with the kulcha.I enjoyed my experience at Indian Accent.  I wish that there had been spicier options available, and I was not impressed with the desserts.  However, overall this was a very good meal with excellent service.
The nice thing is that the entire staff is so invested in making our experience different, understandable and wonderful. The variety of tastes was incredible, and presentation and service were above our expectation.
My husband and I are fans of high end (and low) Indian Food. We have tried most if not all, fancy and/or Indian "fusion" in NYC.   Indian Accent blows Junoon, Tamarind and anyone else out of the water.   The food is incredible in part because the flavor profile or layers of flavor are amazing.  It reminds me of the flavor you would get in India.   We each had the three courses.  I am vegetarian and rarely get the opportunity of have "courses" or "tasting menus."  Everything we had was awesome and it was fun to see what other diners get so you can note to get it in the future.  The dessert was also awesome and worth getting even if you have no room in your tum.  I brought home a dessert for my mom because it was so good. I have never done that before ever.   It's pricey but you perfect for a special occasion.  Or if you're rich you can go any old time.
Finally one Friday afternoon; I get to escape for a long lunch to this new fancy place I have been dreaming about since last 6 months!10 on 10 for the attentive staff; 6 for the presentation (I have seen better at similar Indian places), 5 for portion size/value for money and 6 for ambiance. Overall the cost of the dishes even during lunch is not justified for the taste, portion size and the environment all put together. They are very fast and quickly turn out the dishes, so unlike other places you do not have to wait much longer staring awkwardly at other tables or your phone if you decide to go solo. The two course lunch is 34 dollars, if you order the lamb which I did, it would cost extra 10 bucks; desserts are an additional cost. I tried the chili pork on roti,(Indian flat bread) the ghee lamb; followed by the dhoda tart with ice cream! (a must try)They also give a tiny micro-cute mini blue cheese naan and a cute cup with a soup complimentary before the start and a medley of 4-5 mouth post meal mouth freshners; so that was great. However the lamb though served with mini roti- were not close to roomali roti texture; the chutneys served with lamb did not make sense to me. The lamb is boneless; with a non creamy gravy but nothing I will remember for long. The chilli pork was served on a roti with crispy fries.  Decent decor; nothing that would stand out, also a long queue for the ladies room, which was close to the entry way; finally I gave up!Overall a decent experience; nothing out of the way which will make me go there a second time!
We ate at the Indian Accent in Delhi last year and it was phenomenal so we were VERY excited to go here. The restaurant is beautiful but we were so disappointed by the food! All in all, it was really mediocre and SUPER EXPENSIVE -- $500 for 4 people with a bottle of wine. With so much great Indian food in NY, I have to say I can't recommend this restaurant.
We sat at the bar and had the bartender (Manny) create amazing concoctions. We had a few appetizers and entrees. The food  was very interesting. A take on indian cuisine but not leaving the essence of the food of the indian subcontinent.We plan to go back soon.
Creative and delicious alternative to the standard New York India restaurant.  I had jackfruit and my partner had goat brain.  Every item was a delightful surprise.
Really great and interesting experience to try Indian food in high end restaurant. Beautiful dishes. Wine pairing was excellent. Worth to try!
This place is absolutely the "as good as it gets" for Indian food - even better than their presence in Delhi! Food presentation is truly gorgeous, immpeccable service, nice decor and well paced courses.it is certainly among the top priced places in New York, but the whole experience was so good.We got the vegetarian chef's menu - while its steep at 120+ , it was a nonstop series of maybe 10 12 courses. About 40-50% of the courses were something to write home about, which is saying a lot for a party with traditional Indian tastes.Cocktails - definitely innovative, but nothing worth too much of a mention.fantastic courses which come to mind: blue cheese nan, dal makhani, sarson ka saag, makhan malai, several other desserts
Beautiful experience. Indian food with contemporary decor. Long wait but it's worth it. Take your loved ones and it will be a nice surprise for them.
Very comfortable and relaxing high end restaurant with amazing service. Definitely a Treat yourself or Treat someone kind of place. We ordered the 4 course option and were stuffed! Next time probably go for 3 course. I'd recommend skipping the appetizer, and go for the desserts.
In a word - exceptional!It's a bright and airy space with a very modern vibe.  We opted to eat at the bar and order small plates instead of the prix fixe menu.  Couple of reasons for going al a carte - the vegetarian choices on the prix fixe seemed limited and although we had reserved a table, we felt it was a bit too tightly packed for comfort.What we ordered - tofu coconut vadai, sweet potato kohlrabi, mushroom kulcha, pumpkin kulcha, Bengal gram khichri (yes - that's right) and the staple black daal.  The food is creative in presentation and taste - it redefines and elevates Indian food, yet stays true to its roots. The khichri was my superstar because it was just so wholesome and homey while being presented with such elan!  We also sampled a Pumpkin coconut milk with garam masala and a blue cheese naan - oh awesomeness!We stayed longer than we ever expected because not only was the food a treat, but George - the bartender - was pretty great too!  The cocktails are inventive and so interesting - Bandit Queen, Bitter Branches tried a spiced Aperol - has a very serious bite to it! The aquavit infused with Darjeeling tea and cardamom - no overwhelming flavors - just right.Welcoming staff, great food, excellent drinks, ambience to match - a must-go - if you're looking for an exceptional eating experience.
3 out of 5 stars for the service.  5 stars for the food and decor.I'm a fan of the space and the food quality/inventiveness.    The prices are high and for me, that means to save for special occasions (birthday, anniversary).     Highlights of the food include: ghee roast lamb w/roomali roti pancakes and wild mushroom kulcha.I rated 3 instead of 5 stars due to the mood of the server.  He showed up to take our order with no 'hello, do need help with the menu' attitude, that you'd expect at a regular Indian restaurant.   Listen, when two people pay close to $400 for a meal with a bottle of wine, you should really make us feel welcome and appreciated.
Very nice ambiance, quiet and intimate. Food is very delicious with sophisticated flavor and the staff very friendly. We only ended up having 45 minutes before our show and they accomodated us very nicely. We ordered their regular 3 course meal and were pleasantly surprised to be out the door in no time and make our highly anticipated show. I cannot wait to come back here and spent more time inside!
This was a great dining experience.  It really hit all the high notes and was well worth the price tag.  Every course of the dinner was just delicious.  It was hard to narrow down the choices because the menu is full of so many gems.  Wine list was a definite plus with plenty of great choices at fair price points.  Wine service was flawless with gracious and warm recommendations.  Table service was great too.  I will definitely be back.
I had been waiting to try this restaurant and when I did, it didnot disappoint. Got a reservation for new years day. They were pretty easy in changing our time to later in the evening to accomodate our hunger. Let me start with the food, each of us got a 4 course ala carte menu and got to taste each others food. We were given an amuse bouche of blue cheese naan (great and not over powering) and the best squash soup! There were some things in the tasting menu but not in the ala carte however the host was kind enough to give that as a part of our courses. The highlights were the aloo sphere chaat, ghee roasted lamb (the best lamb my cousin ever had), paper dosa with mushrooms(my dish of the day), morrels with parmesan (from tasting menu), bengal rice khichdi, potato fenugreek cheela, wild mushroom kulcha, dodha barfi tart and makhan malai (my favorite dessert). We even got to each the mathri trio (good but not amazing), braised lamb (my cousin said lamb was amazing but the accompanient clashed), arbi paneer sarson (the roti was excellent in it), black daal withh pulao and chicken tikka naan.Along with all this, the bar service was great. I got a whiskey cocktail which turned out to be too strong for me. Then the bartender personally came upto me and asked my taste and crafted a cocktail. A pretty special touch IMO.I think the best part about the evening was the service. The staff takes care of you amazingly well and everyone knows your allergies and dietery restrictions. They constantly ask you if you have any questions or concerns. What surprised me the most was that the restaurant closes at 10:30, and the table before us left at around 11:30, we lingered till about 12:00 but they didnot even have a cringe on their face because we were there. They waited till we left to start cleaning up.Overall an amazing experience. I was pleasantly surprised to see indian food with french techniques and what chef Manish is doing is pretty special
The best Indian food By far. City needed a good Indian restuarant and this is it. Everything in the menu is exceptional, well presented and authentic. The desserts especially the Makhan Malai and Doda barfi is to die for! The cocktails are amazing . The bar tenders do a great job! Eastern Milk Punch is my favorite.Do try the Yoga Flame if you are sitting at the bar. A fun drink !
Incredible Indian fine dining. Been to other fancy Indian places in the city but the hubby says this one was the best (he's Indian so he should know)Got the tasting menu to celebrate our anniversary. The apps, sides, and desserts were the bestttt (corn soup, stuffed naan, foie gras, incredible desserts)Got the soft shell crab and dosa entrees which were just ok; looking forward to trying the other ones next time. Stuffed from all of the food (and special additions they gave us for our anniversary)Tried a variety of cocktails. The eastern tea one was really interesting, on the sweater side.Will definitely be back!! Highly recommend
Absolutely stellar meal. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we had the chef's tasting menu ($110pp, requires the entire table to participate) and added the ghee roasted lamb for two as a supplement.The meal started off with an amuse of bleu cheese naan and a shot of soup. I found the naan to be a bit overpowering, but the soup was amazing - creamy, a bit spicy, and absolutely delicious. You could definitely taste the Indian influence in all of the food, and the techniques and flavor combinations really took everything to the next level. Other courses in our meal included:- Potato sphere chaat (5/5): how did they make this? Our waiter described the process but it still went over my head. - Some kind of morel (5/5): so so good, tasted like truffle but had the bite of a morel. Super umami and rich and ugh I'm drooling again.- Duck chettinad with foie gras (3/5): a little bit salty and the duck flavor didn't really come through; nevertheless, a great bite with the foie gras mellowing out the harsher flavor of the pulled duck. - Pork rib (5/5): this tasted almost like sweet and sour pork. The meat was so tender, just the perfect meat:fat ratio, and there was a little kick. - Tamarind sea bass (10/5): you can pick which main you receive for the tasting menu, and I got this while my boyfriend got the lamb. Holy crap this was so good. Reminiscent of Thai food, the sea bass came on a bed of lemongrass/coconut milk amazingness that I almost licked the bowl to get the last of. Get this!- Kulchas (4/5): these were basically stuffed naan. You can pick your stuffing - we got the saag paneer and the butter chicken (which was definitely the better of the two). They also have pastrami with mustard butter and bacon.- Ghee roasted lamb (4/5): for some reason we thought we wouldn't be full (we were wrong) and ordered this at the last minute as a supplement. The lamb came in a little metal pot and was accompanied by some chutneys, cucumbers, and wraps - almost like a Peking duck. Slightly too salty for my taste, but the flavors were all amazing. This is a hefty portion, and sadly I was probably too full to really enjoy it.- Makhan malai (3.5/5): first of two desserts, this was lighter and served as a palate cleanser of sorts. Impossibly airy mousse/foam- Doda barfi (4/5): second of two desserts, this one tasted sort of like a pecan pie, but was made with dates. A bit too sweet for me, but it was balanced nicely by the vanilla ice cream and tart.Drinks were also great - we got the Indian Summer and their version of the Moscow Mule (name escapes me right now, and there's no cocktail list online). Both were super refreshing and a perfect accompaniment to the heavier flavors of the food. They also have a very reasonably priced wine pairing if that's more up your alley. Service was friendly and attentive, despite the fact that we were late and had to leave for a show. There were some missteps at the end when it came time for dessert and to settle the bill, but I'll chalk that up to them still being new and us being in a rush. Overall a fantastic experience and I hope to come here again soon!
It was an honor to meet Chef Vivek and enjoy his creations! Excellent food amazing service.
In terms of high-end Indian food, this is way at the top of the NYC list. Expect "elevated street food" - so instead of a fancy version of butter chicken or lamb vindaloo, you're going to get an artistically rendered kulcha, khichdi, chaat, etc. The presentations are beautiful.Recommend the aforementioned khichdi, the mathri trio, the arbi saag, black dal, wasabi raita (!!) among others. We trusted our server's recommendations and it was all delicious. Two three-course meals plus an additional accompaniment was more than enough for two of us. The room, well, it's in the Parker Meridien, basically, so it looks like that, but still pretty and comfortable. Service is a little odd especially at the entrance (lots of reservation demanding for an empty restaurant that had every time slot available on OpenTable, a bit of attitude...also hard to get in drinks orders or additional requests) so imagine this as a 4.5 star review.
Went for lunch. Duck kulcha was the best item. I was told the chef was in India so the famous fish was not on the menu , perhaps he doesn't share recipes. The ambiance was very nice . The pickled rib was not so special. The tuna , which is in a ceviche style mix, was special with a mix of flavor and texture . The braised lamb was great, they've really gotten that down. The tandoori salmon wasn't so special. The paneer dish was fine, but can be found at any India restaurant in the world.
My hubs and I were looking for a good Indian restaurant and after reading the reviews , we decided on Indian Accent. I tried to book through Open table and the only time available was 945 pm . So , I called and we were told that " we could have dinner at the bar and it would not be very likely to get a table . So , we order drinks and we were told that we now have table . Awesome.The decor is simple yet elegant and does not smell like Indian spices . That is the one thing that I hate about going out to eat Indian food that you come home smelling of spices .The drinks are fantastic . Such clever spins on traditional drinks . Watching them make them is quite and art form .The staff., wow the staff . Very attentive, oh I did I say attentive ? Everyone is there to serve you and make your dining experience awesome. We started with a complementary starter , small bleu cheese naan . I could have just had that and been satisfied . It was a small drink that tasted like a spicy tomato soup and 2 small patties filled with bleu cheese Yum Yum Yum.Then we choose different foods from the menu . I had the Sweet Potato Shakarkandi  and he had the Potato Sphere Chaat. Then I had the Scallops that were excellent and he had Pathan beef kabobs , also excellent. The only complaint is that the 2 lentil dishes that we ordered were way TOO spicy . My hubby is Indian and they were too spicy for him .To complete this dinner we had Mukhan Malai , with Saffron milk , rose petal  jaggery brittle , almonds and Gold Flakes . So light and fluffy . Perfect finish to a perfect meal.I would recommend this restaurant and would go back again .Give it a try . You will not be disappointed.
Hubby and I had dinner here on a Wednesday night and omg the service and food were amazing. There's wasn't a single thing we didn't like. We did one three course and another 4 course. We first started off with the Mathri Trio and Bengal Rice Khichdi for mid course. For main course we tried the Chicken Kofta and Ghee Roast Lamb for accompaniment we did butter chicken Kulcha and Black dairy dal and naan and finally for dessert we had Makhan Malai and the Doda Barfi Tart. Like I said before everything we had was amazing and definitely will be back soon.
Authentic Indian flavors with an incredible modern twist, phenomenal vegetarian selection and the beet tikka was a spicy hit
Honestly one of the best gastronomic experiences I've ever had!! We ordered the Crab kolivada with malvani shrimp pulao, Tuna bhel with kurkure, Tamarind sea bass,  Pao bhaji with butter chicken khulcha, and then Besan Laddoo Cheesecake and Makhan Malai to end. Every dish was phenomenal and far exceeded expectations. We were here for a birthday celebration and the staff were kind enough to bring out complimentary amouse bouche rounds with blue cheese for us, a complimentary cocktail and even a dessert on the house for the birthday girl! We did the $38 pre fixe lunch menu and ordered a few extra courses so while it ended up being $150 ( with tax and tip) for two of us, I would definitely come back here for a special occasion.
Delicious fancy Indian food, in a beautiful setting. A far cry from sitting in a backyard in the east village BYOBing - which is still my fave way to eat Indian food. I dined with four average-sized NY people, and we found that four courses (plus a small, incredible mushroom dish) was WAY too much food. Next time, I will definitely get three courses, and add on the Papadam sampler, which looked totally awesome. The highlights were the sea bass, the rib, the potato chaat, and (based on just tasting the sauce) the beef. Gimme that bone marrow curry recipe. Or just a bowl of the sauce. Also, the amuse was really great. Wish I had a plate of those little blue cheese naans right now.I loved that they allowed picking and choosing from the different courses to create the meal you want. I hate when dessert is part of the limited number of courses, so I was thankful to avoid that here. Cocktails were outstanding! The spicy one, and the bourbon one were my favorite, with the chai one coming in close. Service was excellent! Our young server/NYU student was a lot of fun, and the taller, pony-tailed woman server was very friendly and helpful. That perfect balance of lively, laid-back fun you want on a night out, combined with the terrific attention to detail you'd expect at a finer dining establishment. 4.5 Stars. This place was great, I will be back!
My guy and I were excited to try Indian Accent, as we're huge fans of Indian cuisine and have heard of its stellar reputation in New Delhi. It's a very upscale restaurant that offers a modern take on Indian food in the form of tasting menus. You can choose a two, three, or four course, or the Chef's tasting menu, which I believe is 6 courses. We opted for the three course, which also included an Amuse of pumpkin coconut soup and blue cheese naan. The soup was delicious, but neither of us liked the naan-way too blue cheesy!Overall our courses were all superb. Some favorites included the Duck Chettinad with Fois Gras, Sweet Pickled Rib, Kolhapuri Chicken, and Tamarind Sea Bass. Everything was very full of flavor, except my boyfriend thought the pork belly was a bit bland, and the baby squid was actually a fried dish which he wasn't expecting and found a bit heavy. We also got a side "to share" of Papads, which was a variety of sauces and chips. These were disappointing and not worth it. We didn't really love any of the dips, and the chips were meh. Drinks, however, were fantastic. I got two of the same cocktail, the Transcendental Meditation, because it was SO GOOD. Service, I believe, is still getting some kinks worked out, as it's still a relatively new establishment. While we loved the Chicken Kolhapuri, we actually didn't order it, but were allowed to enjoy it when it was served by mistake. This worked for us! Our waiter was very attentive and helpful, but the other helping servers were a little off their game in terms of organization. Overall a delicious, albeit EXPENSIVE Indian meal!
Went with 4 people for lunch and had the 2 course lunch. Course 1 - -sweet potato shakarkandi- very good and surprised me because I'm not a fan of Sweet Potato. horrible to admit.- tuna bhel - absolutely delicious. I would go back for this alone!- kolhapuri chicken - I really loved this. Extra points for being unique. Must try!-black pepper pork, curd rice - Pork yummy, not a fan of curd anything , so not my favCourse 2 - -tamarind sea bass - Super fantastic, curry sauce excellent! Table favorite!Portion might seem a bit small but they were very filling and I would 10/10 recommend and go back again!
AMAZING!!! Every dish was a delightful surprise! The staff was extremely friendly and attentive, and the food was absolutely incredible. Such a memorable meal in NYC, look forward to going back!
Not impressed! Found the food too heavy and rich. Will give them props for the presentation but the flavors are missing.
I don't normally make the effort to write reviews but this experience just blew me away. So we went first time in April 2016, when it opened two weeks or so prior.  Can not say enough about the  delicious and innovative food. The chef came out to meet us and all of the dishes have a distinct Indian flavor and yet it's fusion food. Pricey but worth every penny... second time, in Dec 2016, the menu had just changed.  Loved everything just the same. This  is one restaurant that one shouldn't miss if you're into flavors and truly innovative food.  Highly recommend for a date night
Love it. My girlfriend and I each had a 4 course + dessert meal here, and we love it. I had both lamb dishes, with ghee roast being particularly fancy and delicious and filling, well worth the 10 dollar extra donation. My girlfriend had bengal rice and the scallops, her favorite though was hard to pick, but I will say for her that it's the crab crawls. Fresh and flavorful. In terms of dessert, the fluffy saffron milk was something out of this world. For drinks, we ordered from the cocktail menu. While all were good, the standout was the smoke and spice. Service was very friendly (thanks Kenny, though he prefer Kenneth!) and patient as you figure out the menu. Overall, deservingly 5 star experience.
Five stars - excellent overallLocation - convenient located near Central Park and 5th ave - open late. I book my dinner at 10:15 pm on Friday. Price - worth every penny. ($200 for two. 3+4 course + tip. No alcohol) Food - 5 stars. Very high end Indian cuisine. I never felt my taste buds been "taught" by the delicacy of the dish so effortlessly. Literally, every dish can be deconstruct into multiple levels and directions. Yet, they blend so perfectly. I am beyond satisfied.Service - 5 stars. The staff will explain every dish in a reasonable time prior dinning. They clean and update the utensil based on your order.I could not decide the desert to share with my wife. The staff took their time to explain every dish and listen to my preference, and finally it came down to Makhan malai or crispy seviyan. I went for the Makhan malai and it totally create the happy ending. When I was still enjoying the after taste, they gave me a complimentary crispy seviyan because they did not want me to leave without trying. The desert below up my mind. I wish I can break it down dish by dish because they all are so unique and delicious. I definitely recommend Indian accent, or you are just missing out.
Damn. I travel to India a lot, and I love good food. I've been all over the city spending my money on tasting menus instead of clothes/necessities. As far as Indian restaurants - this blows them all out of the water. The game has changed. Flavors were amazing, presentation beautiful. I would go so far as to say it's Michelin restaurant quality.On opening night you would expect some glitches but everything ran smoothly. Service was excellent, everyone was very knowledgeable about the food and origins of dishes. Impressive.Cocktail game was absolutely on point. Unique drinks with a lot of flavor.We ordered every vegetarian dish and they were all excellent. Stuffed kulchas are the stuff of dreams. Portions perfectly sized, not too big, but you will leave satisfied yet not overly full. We will be back and can't wait!
I had heard of the Indian Accent in New Delhi by reputation so when they opened a place here in NYC, I really wanted to give them a try. We arrived early at the restaurant and decided to give the bar a try. Excellent bartenders who are always trying something new. I feel bad about forgetting the name of one of the bartenders who made sure he sent us drinks to our liking and followed up by checking on us at the dinner tableThe food was excellent and imaginative. I fondly recall the crab claws in a cauliflower masala and the Makhan Malai dessert. Vegetarians will love the place! The prime rib marrow topped with delectable cuts of meat was to die for. And for $75 for 3 courses, I think it was a steal for the city, location and ambiance. Would be back again!!
After much thought I have decided to give this a 3 star instead of 4 - to be fair I wanted to give 3.5 and leave enough room to upgrade.Indian Accent has been on my list for some time now and highly recommended by just about everyone including the New York Times! The plan was made well in advance for my daughters 21st birthday. She's just like me, she loves good food and fine dining, so I thought it would be a nice treat!As I entered I was very pleasantly surprised with the design and decor of the restaurant. Just that day I had read about the place in the NY Times about how wine is better paired with Indian food than beer which I have been screaming for ages, someone finally published it, thank you!The wife and I sat at the bar and got a quick drink while we waited for our little star. In my recent beer phase I have been keenly investigating eateries with a well thought out beer list as well as a wine list - and this place has a really really good one! Major plus points here, including the wine. Good on you chef!I had requested a special table for the event but we were seated right in the middle of the main dining area, is that special? Anyway, it was just after 7pm and the patronage was on a lighter side. The wooden tables were bare, missing a table cloth for added effect of fine dining, but that's up to debate. I brought a very nice bottle of wine which I asked to be opened at a corkage fee of $50 and that was not on the list - or it's not allowed. When I asked for it to be done the server seemed a little confused, I guess she was new and didn't know the policies. There was a glass of coke ordered which took about 15 minutes to arrive, i'm not sure why. Also the wine was constantly being poured as if to be finished so we would order more from their list. It just seemed like pressure rather than keeping a glass filled.The menu looked every interesting. We got 2 Three Courses and 2 Four Courses so we could share a number of things - btw I think Three Courses are plenty since you will be filled with the sharing plates and sides. The papad and pickles were a good start, I would surely get that again. Here's a list of items we ordered and a very quick rating:1. Tasting of papads - a very good start with a huge variety of flavors2. Potato sphere chaat - highly unique texture and explosions of flavor, must do3. Sweet potato shakarkandi - I liked it, a good veg sharing option4. Duck chettinad - yes, surely try this one, it's small only in size5. Sweet pickle ribs - decent, it's ok to try or miss, either way6. Beef kebab - some will not like it, the meat is bland but the sauce is very rich7. Black dal - tasty but not as good as other Indian restaurants8. Chur Chur paratha - this was nice but seemed like it was from a packet9. Wild mushroom kulcha - NO10. Paper dosa - save it for a real Indian restaurant 11. Bombay pay bhaji - please take this off the menu!!12. Tamarind sea bass - very very yummy and very filling on it's own13. Dal gosht - it's minced meat in a fried ball, i didn't like this, a bit too dry14. Makhan malai - light and airy, must try15. Doda barfi - this was the best thing I ate from the list!! HOT TIP - try the Makhan malai and doda barfi together, it's amazing!Ok now for some other thoughts....As the evening progressed I noticed the crowd growing on the tables and the floor. All of a sudden there were a number of servers running around the room and I didn't know who to ask for. Our server wasn't to be seen for a little while so I just asked the next person walking by. It felt a bit chaotic to be honest, not what I was expecting in this level of place.Being an Indian I really wanted this to be among the top dining venues in the city, one that can compare to the likes of Per Se, Daniel, etc...but it was clearly lacking in a number of areas. I didn't feel like the price matched the food in any way. I will always excuse everything else but when it comes to food, that's what brings us back! So with that said, I am leaving room for two more stars. I hope things improve to the next level when I'm back in the future to update my review.
Phenomenal. One of the best dining experiences I have had!I have not a single complaint or suggestion.We arrived early and started at the bar, where a very helpful bartender suggested the perfect Indian inspired cocktails for us - Transcendental Medication for Linse and Mumbai's the Word for me. They were perfect. Every single item we ordered in our four course meal was an adventure for our taste buds.  Especially:- Kolhapuri Chicken, Peanuts, Cucumber, Tomatoes, Avocado- Pulled Jackfruit Phulka- Tamarind Sea Bass, Herb Barley, Spinach Poriyal, Kerala Moilee- Soft-Shell Crab Koliwada, Malvani Dried Shrimp PulaoThe service was impeccable. Every detail was exactly what you would expect in a fine dining experience. The only slight hiccup was that Linse's wine glass sat empty for a few moments before she was offered another glass. It was actually not a big deal, but the sommelier came out immediately and brought her another glass on the house.
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in the city, for both Indians and non Indians.We had come here on the first week of their opening. Their New York location is their second after Delhi. We had the fortune of running into the owners themselves who so graciously walked us through the menu and how they came up with it.Our favorite appetizers were - the duck chettinad (excellent), and the pickle ribOur favorite main courses - the tamarind sea bass and the dal gohst (excellent)Our favorite desserts - doda barfi treacle tart and the makhan malai (both excellent)The cocktail we got tasted beautiful. We also received delicious complimentary blue cheese naan and pumpkin shorba.All the food was amazing. The décor was great. In the end we even met Chef Mehrotra, and he was one of the most humble people ever. Will definitely get a Michelin star soon!
Indian AccentA foodie friend suggested Indian Accent to us since my wife and I were staying at Columbus Circle. Being from LA, we love the walks to meals in NYC. I'm generally not a fan of fusion cuisine and was happy that Indian Accent changed my mind. We were most pleasantly surprised. The menu is made up four sections (courses) and accompaniments. One chooses a 3-course prix fixe and an optional 4th course from the dessert section. The courses may be selected from any of the four sections.  Our meal began with a trio of complementary bites. Our meal:First: * Kolhapuri Chicken, Peanuts, Cucumber, Tomatoes, Avacado* Duck Chettinad, Foie Gras,  Idli, Pearl Onion ChutneySecond:* Baby Squid, Crispy Rice, Everything Chutney* Soy Keema, Quail Egg, Lime Leaf Butter PaoThird:* Pork Belly Vindaloo, Goan Red Rice* Tamarind Sea Bass, Herb Barley, Spinach Poriyal, Kerala MoileeAccompaniments:* Saag Paneer Kulcha* Butter Chicken KulchaFourth (desserts):* Markham Malai, Saffron milk, Rose Petal Jaggery Brittle, Almonds* Doda Barfi Treacle Tart, Vanilla Bean Ice CreamOn the next visit, we will require the papadam chutney sampler as it looks most intriguingly decadent from across the room. A creative modern menu that focuses on quintessential Indian flavors. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared. The only thing off was the pork belly, which was a tad over cooked. Presentation is immaculate. Complements to the chefs. The greeting and dining room staff are both well trained, providing a welcoming environment and an efficient well orchestrated service without the snootiness that often handicaps high end establishments. Complements to staff, management and ownership.
Waited 30 minutes for reservation.Waited 30 minutes at table. Busser came over, apologized, gave us water, and took our orders and waited on us. (We did the tasting menu plus wine pairing)Got a bone marrow dish served by three people. We're vegetarian. They took the plates away without apologies.Bathroom had paper towels overflowing from the bin.You've seen the reviews on the food.  It's ok, not innovative.  The dessert is the best part.  Overall mediocre experience especially when considering creativity and portion size.Just a disappointment for a Michelin star resto. Meh. Will not recommend.
So delicious! Thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I opted for the vegetarian tasting menu. The dal makhani is something I've been craving ever since.
This is probably the best elevated Indian food experience you can get outside of Delhi. Recommended by friends who have been to the mother restaurant, we were not disappointed. We did the chef's tasting and all the courses were phenomenal. Each course was full of flavor and well balanced. We were stuffed by the end of it. The service was on point and impeccable. The atmosphere is upscale but unpretentious. Loved it!
#mindblown.For indian restaurants in the city - this is a definite five. A game changer to the standard Indian restaurants (junoon, tamarind). If you're looking for fancy modern indian food...this is it. Hypes:- Kohlapuri Chicken - a definite appetizer to get. You won't even know you're eating chicken or bhel puri (with avocado, peanuts, tomatoes and cucumbers) in this dish but its the best of both worlds- Pathar beef kebab - One of my favorites here. Soft meat with perfect flavoring. Damn. - Pulled Jackfruit - Bomb. Seriously... bomb. Another favorite. Don't come here and not eat this - so untypical on a menu but a definite get.- Ghee roast lamb - This is more of a traditional meat/curry combo, coming out with perfect mini homemade rotis (indian flatbread). But the zinger here are the four chutneys that come out with it. Wow. Each a different flavor (garlic, spicy, coriander, etc) - they compliment the lamb perfectly. We couldn't get enough- Duck chettinad -  Most indians won't eat duck, and won't eat foie gras. But give it a try. Suck it up - theres idli on it at least. It was such a REALLY good dish - not meant for sharing.  - Tamarind Sea Bass- This was that one dish i had for lunch which I ordered again for dinner. Perfectly cooked fish in a coconut indian spiced curry. If you come for lunch - you have no choice. This is what to eat.- Wasabi Raita - have you ever heard such a thing? its amazing. Just amazing. - Try the kulchas - butter chicken is great. standard to get. Try another one too for the experience. We tried pastrami. - Black daal - creamy, heavy, tomatoey - mmmm- Shisho leaf chaat - I had this as a part of my lunch. Refreshing, a little sweet, beautiful presentation- desserts are good. If I'd pick one it would be the Dhoda barfi (toDha). If i'd pick two it would be that and the makhan malai.- amuse bouche - came out for lunch and dinner and both times got Blue cheese mini naans and a spiced pumpkin soup - such a tease bc it makes you wanting so much more - a great start- presentation - beautiful, not overwhelming, and pretty - they did it with indian food!- Indian food never should be overpriced, but this is so good that its worth it. Gripes:- Paper roast dosa - it was good...but not amazing. Maybe because I'm rating it in comparison to all the other dishes. - Pork belly vindaloo - not worth the space in your belly- theres always a line for the bathroom. This is that place you take your parents to when they come to the city to visit. That place you have a good work lunch at. A place to impress your date. A place to go on a date night. Its that place when you want good indian food with a modern twist.
Awesome shorba and blue cheese Naan amuse Buch.Trio app great, would drop the eggplant though.Potato chaat app OK.Saag paneer is great! True to dish but also new twist. Scallops amazing and light vs. Pickled ribs (good, fatty as expected).Lamb was OK, a lot of food if looking for value but fills u up too much and not as memorable as some other dishes
The presentation and the creativity of the dishes sets this place apart from other Indian restos. Definitely a place worth trying!
One of the best dining experiences of my life. We ordered the four course meal. Every course, as well as the amuse bouche, was exceptional. You get to pick from 4-5 items per course. The menu is new to westerners but the excellent service staff love to describe each dish and how it's prepared. They're also great making recommendations on how to pair one course to the next. It's hard to describe the food. It's not heavy or spicy like most Indian food; rather, it's light but with the Indian spices we're all familiar with. It's done exceptionally well and left me really full. Please try the cocktails while you're there   Highlights were the scallops for the first course - which were the best I've ever had.  And the light/ airy saffron cream dessert was something that made me so happy!The icing on the cake - the chef himself came out to check on us and gave us insight into the dishes. I will be back to try a different course pairing!!
Knowing my Indian food well, I think it's a solid B+. Desserts probably A+. But our service sucked for what you would expect at a high end place. No one even came to our table for 15 minutes until we finally asked for water and menus. Then awhile before a waitress showed up. They served us the wrong food too. Kind of weird since we did the tasting menu. At $200pp, you can do so much better in the city. Value C-
Beautifully designed, spacious, calm and quiet restaurant with delicious food. Complete with a celebrity sighting. My only negative comment is that the bartender Andy was incompetent and rude. He shouldn't be serving drinks at a McDonalds in Newark Airport-let alone a fine dining establishment in midtown Manhattan. His subordinate was a delightful woman named Taylor who more than made up for his horrible service. We would have left if it wasn't for her.  When I go back I'm not staying if he's still there.
Came here for my daughter's birthday celebration.  We had Dear Evan Hansen tickets that night and I did not realize the curtain was at 7 instead of 8.  We finished our appetizers when I got the alert that we had 15 minutes to curtain.  The staff was incredible helping us with the check and told us to come back after the show for our entrees.  We made it in time for the show and came back for our delicious and beautiful main courses and desserts.  The staff was amazing!
Great service...super expensive for micro portions. Had wild mushroom kulcha for $9 which was literally 2 bites. Good taste though.In short, I won't go there for Indian food. If you looking for naan and curry..don't go here.It just leaves you unsatisfied.
Okay, I'm not a big fan of the tapas style motif, which our group agreed to do.  You get waves of small dishes, which always make me fear leaving hungry.  Well, not only was the food great, but I got full!  It was a great night with great friends in a nice atmosphere.
One of the best dining experiences I've had EVER. Everything was exceptional from the ambience to service and of course food. They hit the perfect balance of upscale Indian food in that every dish looked fusion and used unique ingredients but had all the authentic Indian flavors and taste you hope for.  The cocktails were strong and so delicious. Expensive but worth it for a special occasion. Will definitely go back again.
Looking for something unusual for Thanksgiving  with my son, I stumbled on Indian Accent and started researching. Since we both love Indian cuisine, off we went. What a wonderful dinner. Chef deconstructed traditional American turkey dinner ingredients into a menu fixe using them all but with brilliant Indian flavors and sauces.  Wonderful early courses, topped by a main service centered on small strips of turkey breast wrapped around panzer with cranberries, accompanied by fabulous mini kulchas stuffed with blue cheese. Dessert included a doda barfi treacle tart with vanilla bean ice cream that was spectacular. Can't wait to return.
It'd be better to fly to London and eat at Dishoom or Gymkhana. This place isn't getting it done.
After having an amazing meal at the Indian accent in Delhi, I was really excited about the opening of this celebrated restaurant in New York. Finally went for dinner last night but was a little disappointed, the food was a bit underwhelming and it didn't live up to my expectations. We got the three course meal and started with the duck with foie gras and the potato sphere chaat, both dishes lacked that punch in flavour but were well made. I was surprised that they had no sorbets between meals which is sort of a given when you go for courses that are supposed to have a distinct flavour. The second course was the beef kebab and nihari, the kebab was extremely soft and succulent and the nihari was good but didn't meet my 'Indian Accent' expectations. The third course was the tamarind sea bass, I must admit that this dish was absolutely amazing, great flavour and texture. We also got the accompaniments- bacon Nan which I also had in Delhi and was looking forward to, it didn't fail to still impress.Worth a visit, but I'm not sure if I'll go there again unless they make the menu a bit more interesting- definitely need more options for dessert.
I had the pleasure of dining here on opening night. The decor of the restaurant was elegant and upscale while the dining room had a minimalistic feel. The quality of the food was everything I was anticipating from all the reviews I read about the India location. I was quite impressed to see how well the chef was able to incorporate indian spices and sometimes subtle flavors into the different dishes. Dishes like the potato sphere chaat and garlic buttered paneer are the great choices to start with because it packs authentic indian flavors which explode in your mouth. The tamrind sea bass was one of the entrees on the menu which stole the show for me. The fish was prepared and presented very well. Overall, I had a great experience. The portions were quite small but that shouldn't come as a surprise considering the location.
The amazing service alone was enough to warrant this stellar review. I've never encountered a more helpful and friendly staff. Moreover, they were super flexible and accommodating about the tasting menu - there were no rules on how many dishes one can choose from each category or restrictions on what items can be picked. It felt like the staff was extremely committed to providing us with the most optimal experience.Each dish that I had is memorable - so much so that I'm still thinking about the dishes weeks later.  They have developed a menu with very creative and unique flavor and texture combinations, none of which were disappointing. Even items that didn't sound particularly appetizing turned out to be incredible. It was an expensive meal, but I don't regret it.
The chef's tasting is absolutely incredible. The service was wonderful and the entire experience was a true 5 star.
This was my second meal at Indian Accent.  My first was dinner which my husband and I enjoyed greatly.  Lunch, however, was a lot less enjoyable.  At dinner time the restaurant is nicely lit, romantic, food is interesting and plentiful.  At lunch time the lighting is harsh and the portions consisted of bites.   Food is still interesting and tasty.  It's not that I want a dark heavy lunch, however, the contrast was so noticeable that my business companion made a similar observation.
I just had lunch here, compliments of the vendor we do a lot of business with. Thank God it didn't come out of my pocket. The restaurant is nice inside, but I was baffled how at 12pm on a Wed the restaurant was virtually empty. The hostess literally asked us if we had reservations. The four of us looked at each other in disbelief. Since we didn't, our options were the bar or outside. We opted for the latter since the weather was permitting. Usually If a place is empty and they ask if you want to sit outside, it means they want the foot traffic on the street to see that they actually have people eating there. I give the wait staff a 10 out of 10, they were very attentive. That's about where the positives end. Portion size is definitely lacking I give it a 2. This is an Indian restaurant, is it not? ; Presentation gets a 5 ; Ambience gets a 5. Overall i just wasn't impressed. I'm surprised by the 4.5 star review on Yelp. The cost of the lunch dishes is not justified when you add all the above. The two course lunch is 34 dollars, was worth more like $17 and that's reaching. Needless to say, I left hungry. I'm not into these 'Foo Foo' type places but this was a last minute decision since two other places were booked (and yes they actually had people eating at their tables).I would never come back here, even if I was paid to. Nor would I recommend to anyone. There are far better Indian restaurants in the area for less.
Good quality food and good deserts however the portions are very small for lunch main course. I ordered a chicken kofta which was very good but very less quantity. This place would be extremely good if they serve better portions.I should point out that compared to standard Indian restaurants the lunch menu here is extremely limited.
Inventive and modern Indian. Excellent hospitality all around and very helpful sommelier. Ribs were the favorite.
Excellent service. Food was amazing. We had the chefs menu and every item was delicious. Make sure you have plenty of time as we were there for nearly 3 hours! Great atmosphere. Definitely recommend for a special occasion.
The wild mushroom kulcha was one of the most delicious comforting foods I've ever had in my life. If I could come here and order just that I'd be in heaven! Everything else was really tasty but didn't blow me away. Especially not after Gymkhana in London which is the best Indian food I've ever had (and I've traveled in India, but not much). The vibe here feels like they're catering to older people. It doesn't feel sexy or cool inside. Not somewhere you'd wanna go for a date.
We had heard about the popularity of the Indian Accent in New Delhi and could not wait to try it once it opened in NYC.We went for dinner on a Saturday at 7pm. The first thing we noticed was how warmly we were welcomed in the restaurant. It was nice to see smiling faces especially in a fine dining restaurant. We wanted to try the 7 course chef menu, however it was unavailable so me and my husband opted for the 4 course vegetarian menu. We started with mini blue cheese naan's as an amuse bouche which were very delicious as well as a sampling of papad's with different chutney'sThe first course was: of the house-made paneer, butter, pepper, garlic for my husband and the soy keema with quail egg for me. The keema was cooked to perfection and the little bread served with it were delicious as well.Second course was: sweet potato, kohlrabi, crispy okra and shiso leaf chaat, the plating of the chat was beautiful, both dishes were good. Third Course: paper roast dosa with wild mushrooms and black truffles, also the silken tofu kofta with quinoa. The dosa was cooked to perfection just crispy enough and not overcooked. The kofta was beautifully plated and it melted in your mouth.  Fourth Course: makhan malai with saffron milk and besan ladoo cheesecake. For me the cheese cake was decadent and something very out of the box, it was exceptional.Overall we had a excellent experience. I recommend this restaurant for people who are looking for non-typical indian food. You can get your curries anywhere, eating here was not only a treat for your palate but also for your eyes. As we ended out dinner we had the pleasure of meeting the chef and owner Manish Mehrotra who was a delight to speak to. The service was excellent, everyone was very attentive to our needs and they made sure we felt comfortable. This place deserves all the praise it gets!
What a place! I am a big fan of Indian food and so I was excited to try this place.  It surpassed my expectations.  The menu came from a foundation of classic Indian flavours and dishes, but those flavours were taken to a new intensity: this was Imax surround sound Indian food, and just about every other Indian restaurant I have tried in NYC , or in India for that matter, was a dodgy black and white bootleg in comparison.We had the tasting menu. They were very flexible about what we could have on it and ended up trying a bunch of stuff between us.  A lot of food but perfect - small - portions - that were well spaced out.  There were some great non-Indian twists on many dishes: water chestnuts with the dosai, or a desert that was part something Indian and part treacle tart (a British pudding that, spoonful for spoonful, might well break the world calorific intake record) and was utterly delicious. Other standout dishes were the baby squid with crispy rise, the sweet pickle ribs and the tamarind sea bass.Great service, and nearly all of the staff who came to the table seemed to be glowing with pride at how good the food was and by how much we were enjoying it (hard to miss from our glassy eyed and open mouthed grinning faces ...imagine Mel Gibson locked in a whisky distillery and you get the idea).  Interesting wines too and some creative cocktails to start (The Goa Ahead - with sparkling vouvray and sherry was a real taste of the tropics) .Yes it is expensive, But I would rather go there once for a 3 hour feast, than spend a similar amount on 3 meals somewhere non-mindblowing. Bring on the Michelin stars
Stupid, ridiculous, insanely great.  If you're interested in something unique and fun, then come here.  If you're looking for something boring, then look elsewhere.   Sit at the bar and enjoy the amazing environment and drink watching.  Let the bartenders guide you thru an eventful evening...you won't be disappointed.
Delicious  food and cocktails. The only "fancy" Indian restaurant in NYC worth eating at. Start with the sharkando or trio and then get the ghee lamb for your main. The Mughal cocktail is excellent.
The best meal I had in NYC on my trip this past weekend (and I don't even care for Indian food).  The drinks were just absolutely amazing.  We enjoyed them so much that we returned a second time just to have them again.  My boyfriend and I drank the Proper Copper and the Smoke  Spice.  The food was equally amazing, especially the butter chicken kulcha and the hoisin duck kulcha.  I highly recommend this place.  The staff and service was awesome and I will definitely be returning on my next visit.
What an amazing experience!  The food was amazing as well as the service. We sat at the bar and Daniel, the assistant GM was helping out behind the bar and took great care of us. Food was prepared with great attention to detail and balanced perfectly.  I have dined with Chef Mehrotra in Delhi and was happy to dine again with him again in NYC. Compliments to you and your team for the great experience!
Maybe I just need to get used to the idea that there can be such a thing as an upscale Indian restaurant solely with tasting menu and no shareable family style dishes.Each dish was more sumptuous than the one before it. I suppose one star deduction is for extremely small portions that left me wanting more, based on the prices we paid. Otherwise, absolutely no qualms whatsoever. Every aspect of the experience is exactly what you would expect from a Michelin star worthy establishment. Potato sphere chaat, duck chettinad and tamarind sea bass happened to be my selections, but judging from what my friends ordered, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Complimentary soup was a nice touch, though a bit too salty for my tastes. That was literally the only thing that was slightly off, as far as my tastes are concerned.
Very authentic Indian food with interesting combination of flavors.  Lunch menu is very reasonable.  The decor is nice and the service was good.  Would definitely recommend this place.
Amazing amazing amazing Indian foodI am from Delhi and I am a big time foodie. I have never eaten such Indian food. I was amazed . Great service as well Will definitely repeat
Twist on Indian that combined Indian flavors and spices with modern fare and ingredients that you never see in an Indian menu like beef and foie gras .  The heat of each dish was very well executed and even the spicier dishes did not overpower the food.  The naan and dal with lentils for dipping was a fantastic accompaniment.  We took three courses which filled us up but not too much.
I'm a fan but it's not amazing. I love, love, love Indian food and so have been meaning to come here for a year since it opened and only just made it. Came here for lunch, which is 2 course prix fixe only (no dessert). The place was nice albeit a bit too well lit and service was pleasant and professional. Regular naan was a little dry but hoisin duck stuffed naan was not, although it did not resemble naan much.It had the Chinese flavor down but not sure if that's what you'd want at an Indian restaurant. Meal also came with complimentary small bites, not my favorite part. Bengal rice khichdi with crispy lentils and smoked papad was beautifully plated and had great texture but tasted the same as if you were to get it at a lunch buffet (a good one though).Sweet potato shajarkandi with kohlrabi and okra was also beautiful and sounded unique but did not carry any unique flavors. Now on to the entree. The braised lamb with prune korma and rajasthani pearl millet khichdi sounded the most filling of all the options so my friend and I decided to both get it. Lamb and prune korma were served separately, which the server combines for you at the table. I was really expecting it to taste a lot different but alas it did not again. The lamb was very tender but because it was not sitting in the korma sauce, it was not flavorful on it's own. The meal ends with a few bites of complimentary dried fruits and Indian peanut brittle, which were much appreciated. All in all, while the good was good, I cannot deny, it only looked magnificent and tasted slightly above average. I may come back again for dinner but would not for lunch.
Perhaps the best meal of my life, certainly the best Indian. Pre fix menu (only) at $75 or $100. Serene decor and impeccable service. Not yet reviewed by NYT - once it is, be prepared to struggle to get a table!Must have: the sea bass and the spiced ribs.
Top marks for the lady bartender, who knew how to concoct a rather nice Singapore Sling...outside of Raffles, this drink is mostly a miss. I then tried the Proper Copper cocktail,  let me tell you, my taste buds were dancing because of the myriad of subtle flavors mingling so fantastically! Good drinks hands down.Indian Accent has a sort-of prix fixe menu in that you have to order a minimum of 3 dishes per guest. But rather than the menu dictating what you eat, you get to choose any 3 dishes from their four-course sections comprising of salads, starters, entrees,  desserts. So if you were a dessert person, you could essentially order 3 desserts  you will have satisfied their requirements. There is a choice of a three dish set, four dish set, or chef's tasting menu.The food was surprisingly different from traditional Indian cuisine. The amuse naan bite was yummy, as was the shot glass portion of pumpkin soup at the start of the meal. Between my husband  me, we ordered paneer, beef kebab, soft shell crab, pork belly, duck with foie gras, whipped saffron milk with crunchies  almonds, treacle tart with vanilla ice cream,  rice pudding with coconut ice cream. The duck with foie gras  the rice pudding were a surprise gratis because I had a difficult time deciding between items when placing my order,  because we were celebrating my birthday. Very nice of them to comp those two items for us. Oh! I almost forgot to mention the most exciting part of dinner...we also ordered the ghee roast lamb supplement because we just wanted to try it. This dish alone made the entire dinner worthwhile! This came out in a bento box setup, with a little copper pot of delectable lamb, four different sauces, cucumber  jicama,  tiny bite sized pancakes. You assemble your bite-sized treat as you like: adding dollops of sauce over the lamb,  garnishing it with a crunch of cucumber  jicama, then devouring the masterpiece bite of deliciousness! This dish disappeared so quickly!!All of the dishes were fantastic, though some more outstanding than others. It's important to keep in mind that this is NOT your typical Indian joint. This is a revised, updated, modern take on Indian cuisine. The usual spices are still being utilized, but the results are rather subtle  more refined. Presentation of the food is certainly accounted for, the portions are pared down,  the table service is delightful. The décor is upscale, but perhaps a bit generic, missing the defining artifacts of India to enhance the visual senses. All in all, a good call for an evening out.
We have tried almost all of the upscale Indian restaurants in NYC over the last decade, and were blown away by our dinner last night at Indian Accent. The ambience, food, and service all top notch. The food was creative, and flavorful. Indian Accent takes traditional Indian dishes from all over India (not just one region), and gives each a slight twist. The dishes are still recognizable but the slight changes are creative and tasty. The service was also phenomenal - each person we interacted with at the restaurant (start to finish), was smiling and seemed proud to work at the restaurant. Our server was also quite flexible with the menu - recognizing that we may want a few extra items (papadam or rice on the side). Looking forward to going back to celebrate many more occasions at Indian Accent!
Really unexpected delights with every dish. Everything was incredibly flavorful. The wait staff explained everything we were about to eat. Each course blossomed in my mouth.  I never had Indian food like this!
The best Indian I have had in NYC. It keeps up to its reputation and tastes exactly like the one in Delhi.
Their vegetable tasting menu is so fresh and original. The sauces paired perfectly with the textures and spices of each dish. Their non-alcoholic drinks are very different, unlike any other you've had before and taste great with the meal.
Subtle, tasty and spicy. Wonderful flavors. If you love lamb, you must order it as a supplement, totally worth it: melt in your mouth.
A very good Indian restaurant that does fine dining very well compared to other options in NY. The menu was inventive but not quite avant-garde. A varied selection of flavors from different parts of India (north, south, east, west). 4 courses was an overwhelming amount of food (on top of 3 amuse bouches). Potato chaat was an extremely good chaat - nice balance of flavors, crunchy and soft, sweet and spicy.Soy kheema also very good. Quail egg is an interesting addition, but actually didn't add anything to the flavor or consistency once it's mixed in. Good spice level (for an indian, so maybe too much for the average person)Sea bass was great. South Indian flavors with a coconut curry, spiced and soft fish. Tastes great with the mushroom kulcha. Dessert was good but not my favorite course. Got the makhan malai (like a rose-flavored whipped cream) and the besan ladoo cheesecake. Makhan malai was very rich and buttery (hence the name), and besan ladoo cheesecake was quite heavy, even for a cheesecake. I liked the flavors of both but were just a tad too rich for me. In most indian restaurants, would have been the best course, but had big shoes to fill from the other courses.Overall, very good food, amazing service (extremely attentive but in a conversational and friendly way), but not mind-blowingly adventurous.
First off the service is impeccable, super friendly and accommodating without being overbearing. The food is certainly innovative, interesting, fresh and unbelievably tasty but the reason I held back a star is as good as it was, I'm not sure I'd rush back because of the non a la carte factor. Your only choices are 2,3 or 4 courses. The menu is a bit confusing because you can chose your courses from any of the different categories so I'm not sure why anyone would chose from the starters? The decor is understated elegance and very comfortable. There were 4 of us so we decided to each get the 2 courses and try all different dishes. You definitely won't find such innovative Indian cuisine anywhere in the city. Here were the highlights.1. sweet potato shakarkandi, kohlrabi, crispy okra - this was outstanding, must order.2. shiso leaf chaat, water chestnut - another winner3. kolhapuri chicken, peanuts, cucumber, tomatoes, avocado - I'm a vegetarian so I can't really speak to this although the bite I took eating around the chicken was sublime.4. tamarind sea bass, herb barley, spinach poriyal, kerala moile - although I thought the fish was a tad overcooked this dish was still outstanding.5. silken tofu kofta, quinoa pulao, bottle gourd curry - I'm not a tofu fan but not only was this beautifully presented but the flavors were unbelievable.6. paper roast dosa, wild mushrooms, black truffles, water chestnuts - if you like mushrooms, you'll love this.I would like to give 5 stars to the Somm and the wine list, both are pretty much perfect. We started with a German Sekt that was exquisite followed by a light Austrian red that she recommended and they couldn't have been a better match, all at very reasonable prices.In conclusion I would say you have to try Indian Accent because there's nothing like it and it's fantastic but I would reserve it more for a special occasion place than a Tuesday night out with your friends.
My fiancé booked a dinner reservation at Indian Accent to celebrate our engagement with our families and everything was perfect. I'm Indian and my fiancé is American and this restaurant was the perfect fusion of our tastes and cultures. The appetizers and entrees were especially exceptional and had the perfect balance of Indian flavors. It's definitely a place for special occasions and worth the price to celebrate such once-in-a-lifetime moments.
Went to check out Indian accent last night with my wife for my birthday. It did not disappoint, in fact, it went well over expectations which were already extremely high.  Our friend recommended it because she has been to the New Delhi location and said it was the best Indian food she's ever had and only being to the New York location I have to agree.  You walk in and are greeted by a genuinely happy and welcoming cast of incredible service professionals. Throughout the night, from runners to floor managers, this is a a common theme that really brings Indian accent to the next level making it a truly memorable experience.     We did the chefs tasting menu which starts out small and builds as you go except you realize the only thing building is the size but defiantly not the flavors. From the amuse to the last bite the flavors are all there expertly layered and powerful! The true stand outs are the morelle starter and the pork rib with everything else being a not to far second in comparison. We added the pappadas tasting for fun and it reminded me of what eleven Madison park did for the carrot. It was playful, memorable and fun. We didn't choose to do the pairing but the waiter and staff were very helpful in choosing wines to go with dinner. The Cabernet was exceptional and the Spanish red we tried was very well balanced for the dishes we were trying yet the Pinot noir was unfortunately forgettable.   The space is beautiful with a smart, comfortable, clean design plan. It's tucked away next door to the meridian hotel which I have to admit is not my most favorite section of Manhattan but the minute you walk in you leave the hustle behind you and sit (in the most comfortable chair I have ever sat in) and simply enjoy every second of a great new addition to the city restaurant scene. Thank you for such a great night and we can only hope you the best because we can't wait see you again!
I had called for a reservation for a party of 4 and the call lasted approximately 20 minutes. The lady trying to take my information was soo ill informed and the call was then snatched over by another man who barked in for my credit card number! Seriously, when you are trying to earn patrons and the reception is soo bad, I am reluctant to try this place. So I made reservations at another place and called then AGAIN to cancel, the same issue. The call was somehow connected to the kitched, made to hold for the reservation desk for 15 minutes,  call got disconnected. Called back again - went to kitchen line and was asked to stay on line for transfer. Refused that. the person took my number down and said he will have someone call me. Terrible service.
Great service. Best modern gourmet Indian food by far I have ever had. If you want traditional tastes in a modern cuisine
Great food and loved the ambience. Their butter chicken Nan was just amazing. Portions are small though with limited menu
This restaurant has a very innovative tasting menu and had a good ambience for a special occasion. I gave it four stars because I felt the desserts could use some work as they were tad bit too sweet but all in all a great experience and I would definitely want to go back.
The ambience was great and soWas the food. Presenting Indian food in such manner was an extraordinary experience. I have recently started to try all new restaurants toFind the better and special. Although very very expensive. Must have experience atleast once and more if you can afford. Pros- Food- mushroom kulcha was my fav. All the appetizer was great too. Paneer was very interesting. I m not a huge fan of saag and considering i m vegetarian they didn't have any more Option in the main course. Cons- $$$$, My husband and brother tried meat options, they didn't care to ask if they were okay with different meat. They just presented one with duck and other with chicken. My brother didn't like the duck. And wasn't happy that he wasn't warned. Same thing with chicken and salmon which was great but they still didn't ask. I think they should ask since people might not prefer one kind of meat than other. I was. It impressed with dessert. Again we tried chef special which is $120 and considering how delicious Indian desserts are. I have a very sweet tooth and look for delicacies everywhere  especially in NY, they didn't ask for other options and def what was presented was not mouth watering so we hue left it on the table
Granted I am not an expert but this was so clearly the best indian food i have ever had.  As my friends who were with me and are experts said, this is the best indian food they have ever had outside of India.  So inventive, so delicious, every bite was bursting with spice, the right amount of heat and truly almost perfect.  We had the tasting menu, which was terrific as it took us through a journey that the chef planned for us.  There was not a miss amongst the many small courses we have.  The waitress, who was truly fantastic and so knowledgeable and friendly laughed at me because every time she came over i bursted out "ok ok that one was my favorite!!!!"  Ha!  The best of the best of the best to me was  the Duck Chetinand.  When you go there make sure to order that or order ten of that! It was possibly the best bite of food i have ever had. I will dream of that before the next time i go back... Can you tell i am excited. Honestly all of the food was a hit.  The chef even came out and said hi.  What a lovely, humble genius of a man.  Bravo Chef and the staff of Indian Accent, you have a sure fire hit that should be here for many many years!  Thank you.
The Indian Accent in Delhi is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the world so you can imagine my excitement when they opened and outpost in NYC. Sadly, this location just does not do that reputation justice.To start, I wasn't thrilled about the tasting menu style v. the a la carte menu in Delhi. After getting past that, our group opted for the three-course tasting menu. On to the food...the potato sphere chaat was flavorful, textured, and tasty; ghee roast lamb for the table was great (loved the mini roomali rotis and sauces!) but the portion was just so tiny for the price tag; paneer was also flavorful but maybe not as soft as I was expecting and sort of left me yearning for something more; the chicken seekh was disappointing - chewy and flavorless; and the finale - besan ladoo cheesecake was a nice surprise and great concept!It may be "fine dining," but I left with a feeling that this was a hefty price tag for not as much value as the Delhi outpost. The service however was great, and the restaurant has a sleek atmosphere. I would go back and try something else next time...
Did the tasting menu here.... this place is amazing! Fusion Indian food does a good job of incorporating traditional Indian flavors and also newer flavored/ food our palettes are used to! Some of the best Indian food I've ever had! Would go over and over again! Drinks are great too....
I gave it 3 stars because food there were good. However, what defines a great restaurant does not only lie in the quality of food, but also lie in other factors, such as attention to details and hospitality. I phoned the restaurant a day before our dinner to confirm my reservation, saying that it would be a celebration dinner so I requested a candle celebration for the dessert part. The manager responded in an attentive manner and said he put my request in the system to ensure my request would be fulfilled. At the dinner, however, there was no candle on our dessert, and the waiter gave us a wrong dish that we did not order. Overall, although food itself was delicious, I was very disappointed. Dining at Indian accent is not for food only, it is more importantly for a memory to celebrate with your important ones, but Indian accent did not do a good job on that. That is a shame for a fine dining restaurant in New York City.
I give this place 5 stars because it is the most inventive eclectic Indian food I have every had. The fusion of flavors of various cuisines gives a fresh take on what can be done with Indian food. It is not your typical greasy Northern Indian food. This is fine dining food I went with 4 people one night and we had a vegetarian feast. The food was amazing. Every dish had flavors to savor. Just loved it. It has been consistent at every dinner. I do not love the lunch menu and it falls a little short for me. Room for improvement here. But dinner is just amazing!!!
NEVER AGAINTaste - good/GreatService - Above averageServing size (yes even for restaurants touting themselves as edible art it does and should matter) - TinyA Kulcha the size of a pierogi does not merit a $15 price tag. This is a travesty. In all fairness the taste was good but the size and prices were INSANELY RIDICULOUSJunoon, Tamarind and other high end indian establishments may be pricey but this combination of high prices and poor sizes of servings to the extent that the beef dish is no more than the size of a pinky (serious)Had to get a slice of pizza afterwardsI love indian food and love excellent quality food whether at high end establishments or holes in the wall.This gets a solid - NEVER AGAIN from me
The manager is extremely rude - we were there for an early Mother's Day meal and my son who is 3 pressed the automatic door button 3 times perhaps - the manager and the co manager both were rude and obnoxious. I fully understand that it was inconvenient but there is a way to handle things. They also forgot or perhaps intentionally left out the last dessert of the tasting menu and knowing I had an egg allergy proceeded to bring the wrong dessert for me. I am appalled - we've been there many many times but never have I encountered this level of disregard. Definitely don't go there with young kids
On a bit costlier side, but amazing food. One of the best indian food ever had. Each of the courses were mouth watering . I am giving 5 star for dodha barfi dessert!!
On the whole, i'm not a fan of Indian cuisine, spices and cremes, but that changed tonight! We popped in after work with 6pm rezzies and had a great dinner... We went with the 3 course option which was very good - sea bass, ribs, lamb and some beef dish... The portions are a little on the small size but i found them to be filling ( hubby could have eaten more). I don't normally eat bread but their Nan bread wow! Warm, fresh, compliments the meal.Service was very friendly and accommodating. Glad I finally tried this restaurant.
One of the best meals we've ever had... As mid-40's well-traveled foodies, we are hardly ever surprised, but we were very pleasantly surprised tonight. We got the tasting menu and proceeded to eat a sumptuous feast of flavors and textures...lots of crunchy, sweet, sour, spicy, and savory in every bite. The cocktails and desserts were spectacular as well... Highly recommend the Tamarind Sea Bass and the Duck Chettinad with Fois Gras...but, truth is, every bite of that meal was delicious and unique. Cannot wait to return!
IndianAccent came highly recommended and did not disappoint. We had the chef's tasting menu. It was decadent, flavorful and beautiful. The service was good too. The place was full and what other patrons had ordered from the a la carte menu looked delicious too. Great cocktail menu and wine list too.
This is not a Indian fusion food. This place has a strong Indian Accent that completely enthralled me. The flavors are very North Indian - the chicken kofta entree especially was divine. The desert- Makkhan Malai that looked too big and heavy was deceptively light.  Amazing find!
I have been 6 times now and I love the food (great Indian food without the feeling of heaviness due to grease at other Indian restaurants).Probably the lunch is a better deal
Had a wonderful experience with the chef's tasting menu. Beautiful and rich dishes, served seamlessly by a great staff. A very carefully selected and blended mix of Indian food. The cocktails were also amazing (had the Indian Autumn and Transcendental Medicine, both exquisite).
One of the few places were the second is JUST as good as the original.  Now the original is in Friendship Colony New Delhi India... So if you cannot make it there then you must make it to NYC.  My guest said it best about 3 courses into the tasting menu, "is this Indian food?"   That is the magic of this articulate fusion as it redefines bland over spiced curries and will change your view forever.  Met the owner and he was delightful and had an impromptu dhal competition and creamy black wins every time.   Just go... Order the tasting menu.... Sit back and enjoy the show.  So good.
