Love this place! Burp will definitely be my go-to spot for authentic Indian food. The atmosphere is beautiful; rustic yet modern and I love the fireplace! They take the time to make sure every dish is delicious and consistent for each customer that walks through the door. I'm Vegan and had lots of options. I went for a smoothie, bhel, Chana Masala and Paratha - all so amazing! There are so many more dishes I can't wait to try!!!
We were watching a movie in the area and got done at around 3pm which is closing time for most restaurants. This was the only place that was open. Hidden away in Galaxy Mall, it's a neat and cozy place serving a wide variety of Indian street food as well as Pizzas with an India twist. I had the sev puri and my husband had the samosa chat and both were very yummy. We also had the lassis which tasted yummy and very fresh. The owner and staff were pleasant to talk to. We'll definitely go back for more!
Cozy new place, awesome Indian fusion food thats healthy and fresh, feels like home. Was much needed in this area!
A miracle. Guttenberg, NJ has extraordinary Indian vegetarian food. Pinch me.
Leaves a lot to be desired. Expensive, the portions are small, Masala tea is ok, we had 3 snacks items and paid over 30 dollars. Service is good, the down side is the wait time if you plan to eat at the restaurant. The highlight was definitely tomato chutney with masala dosa, grilled sandwich for 8.95 was such a disappointment, not cooked properly, ingredients were still cold. And size was small, we took 4 bites and we were done.
Great new cafe in town. Amazing smoothies and salads with Indian spices. Had a tropical smoothie with coconut water which is really reasonably priced. Cozy location and really good authentic eats! They even have a brunch menu on weekends. Would highly recommend. Tons of veg options too.
A much needed Indian fusion restaurant in the area. From the Indian chaat to rajma chawal, everything had an authentic taste. Being from Delhi, Rajma chawal is something we grow up with and it was the best I have had in years. Dahi puri among appetizers was really crisp a total must have! Strawberry smoothie with milk was fresh and amazing. Buttermilk is a must have as well.
Really good authentic Indian food. The vada pav is amazing(must order). We also had the chaat, bento box, masala pav and lassi and they were all yum. Can't wait to return and try a few more things. Would definitely recommend this place.
Great little spot in the Weehawken/West New York/Edgewater area. I no longer have to make the drive to Jersey City or Edison for my favorite Indian food. The chaat is really good and the bento boxes are really good value as well. I've already been here a few times and suspect this place will be where I go to for my weekly Indian fix. The owners are very friendly and make you feel welcome.
