I'm a huge Indian food fan, and Minar is my go-to Seamless order when I want quick, cheap Indian food in huge portions. I wouldn't say Minar is the best Indian I've ever had (that distinction goes to an amazing meal I had in Mumbai in college), but it's pretty decent Indian at a great price point.The naan is always very good -- perfectly charred and chewy. My major issue is that the chicken tikka masala can sometimes err too far on the sweet, rather than savory, side for my personal preference. With that said, that's a pretty personal nitpick, and I don't think most people feel that way.Overall, though, Minar is great for what it represents: filling, easy Indian food that comes to your door incredibly quickly.
I placed an order through seamless I never received my food I called the restaurant 15 min after the time my food was supposed to be delivered , the lady said that delivery guy was on his way 30 min went by and still no food , called the restaurant and told them I wanted to cancel my order the lady did not even apologize 2 and a half hours later a man called and asked me if I would like my food delivered within 30 min ! Are you crazy ! So I never received my food and will never order from there again !
Food was very bad. Owner attitude was even more worsed. I would not go there again and would not recommend anybodyto go there.
I love this place as much as I detest Times Square!  Brought a group of teenage girls here before a show and was pleased to see several indian families eating as we ordered. We couldn't have been more surprised by the deliciousness of what we ate!   It's totally shabby and grungy, but the food can't be beat.  I would highly recommend the lamb korma.  I've noticed several complaints on the delivery being dismally slow, but we were served very quickly.  The customer service isn't amazing, but I don't expect that at this type of a place.
Ordered dosa and samosas on a night I was craving Indian food. This is not my normal go-to spot for Indian food but was one of the few places in the area with delivery and masala dosa on a late Sunday night. The dosa arrived 1.5 hours after ordering cold but would have probably been average had it been warm. The samosas were room temperature and decent. Both meals were bland and required a ton of hot sauce to liven up. Overall, disappointed.
This place is a hole in the wall places that surprises you.  I had went there and the food was good and they were very accommodating.  Then another day I had the food delivered and they did not disappoint.  The food was hot and delicious!  Thanks!
Great value for your money and the portion is big!I came to Minar after a friend recommended me. The food was above average for the money, and was served up fast. I've had their Prix Fixe lunch, and it was so much food that I saved it in my office fridge and finished it the second day. The daily specials are a great value. I have tried Fish Curry, Chicken Shalik, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Jalfrezi and Palak Paneer from daily specials. I have yet to try those from Monday and Friday. Regarding other stuff on the menu, I've tried the Chicken Biryani, and it tasted great. Minar is my new go-to Indian lunch spot.
I never tried Indian food before and I was very impressed with this place. They catered a party I was working and the food was delicious.
Easily the best Indian takeout in all of Manhattan. It's been in business for over a decade. The lunch specials are totally authentic and fresh. get the chicken tikka masala or the chicken curry, you can't go wrong.
This is an excellent place for Indian food. The lunch platter is very good. The food is not very oily like other places, but still very tasty. This is a to-go place for lunch. They also give fulka roti(chapatti), which is amazing. But if you interchange rice for chapatti, they give only one. Given the small size of chapatti, they can consider providing atleast 2 to make a proper lunch platter.
Ordered the Masala Dosa and Seekh Kebab. So the dosa was OK considering that dosa is NOT meant for delivery as it gets soggy, and the kebab was good but a tad too spicy for me. One order of kebab had just 2 pieces rather than 3 - which would make it more fair. :( I'd order again and try the meat dishes as fellow yelpers have said they have good meat, and also their other South Indian dishes since the variety is vast! Now I'm dreaming of Uttapam and getting hungry.
My review is specifically for the extremely pathetic customer service. My friend and I were at this restaurant this evening. Having ordered our food, we promptly paid our bill even before we received our food. When we were about to leave, the disorganized staff screamed loudly "Ma'am, you have not paid your bill". After our repeated assurances that we had in fact paid our bill in advance, the girl at front desk suddenly remembered that she had swiped my friend's card. Inspite of their pathetic behavior, they did not so much have the courtesy to apologize to us. We have been long time customers at this place. After this experience we are never again returning and will be sure to spread the word. If your front desk is this bad where you cannot keep track of your checks and balances, do not expect to survive in Midtown Manhattan.
Indian food is one of my favorite cuisines; I was practically raised on it. Therefore, I find myself a particularly tough critic when it comes to Indian restaurants. Seldom am I impressed with Mid-towns offerings. However, Minar manages to do what its competition in the area cannot - serve up consistently good, spicy biryani. I've only ever hit Minar during lunch hours because it's a convenient walk away from my office. It's a small storefront with a few tables and seats. It's pretty divey and it could certainly use a good clean and perhaps some significant remodeling. The wait is never terribly long - the longest I've waited is 10 minutes. Each time I come, I order either the goat or lamb biryani (Extra Spicy). The portion is heavy for the price charged...enough for two or three meals. They certainly don't skimp out. The quality is top-notch; I've only had tender meat in the biryani and they KNOW what spicy means.I can't speak to the rest of their dishes, but if you're craving a good, hearty biryani in midtown, Minar is your place.
MAN. This place was SUPER disappointing. I chose to order from this place with some friends a few days ago because they were cheap and even though reviews were mixed, photos looked pretty decent. I placed the order using the 1998 method - via cell phone - lol. The woman who I spoke with was pleasant enough and I ordered a lamb korma for one friend, lamb vindaloo as spicy as they could possibly make it for another and a chicken tikka masala for me. We also ordered a garlic na'an and a cheese na'an to split amongst the four of us and a side of raita sauce.Usually I start with pros and then cons - but given how things went down, I'm going to start with the cons...__________________________CONS:+  Our order was 1 hour and 20 minutes late. Yes, it was raining outside but my friend's apartment was like within a 4 block radius from Minar Indian Restaurant - our orders also weren't terribly complicated, there is no excuse.+  After an hour had passed I called Minar Indian Restaurant and asked for a status update. The woman said our order would be arriving in about 5 minutes and I said, "Okay, thanks! I'll call back in a few if I don't hear anything..." +  About 20 minutes later I called Minar Indian Restaurant back for a second status update and the woman gives me attitude and tells me it'll be another 5 more minutes. Just as I was on the phone with her we hear the apartment bell go off signaling that our order was finally here - I let her know that he just arrived and she makes like a sigh/huff house and slams the phone down...I of course called her back to tell her that her actions were rude and unnecessary. Then I hung up on her...yeah, I get that 2 wrongs don't make a right, but she was in the wrong and if it's one thing I LOATHE, it's getting hung up on - especially when I'm a paying customer who is receiving lousy service.+ Our food arrived kind of cold..surprise, surprise. All of our orders came with small raitas - so much so that we wouldn't have needed the extra side of it that my lamb vindaloo-ordering friend requested and we got charged $3 for. Would have been nice for them to let us know we wouldn't be needing an extra side. Hope they enjoyed our money.+  My chicken was okay - all 4 pieces of them. I basically got a container full of the most watered down tikka masala sauce ever. Our raita, instead of being a rich and delicious yogurt-based sauce, was more like a sad flavorless water-based soup. My friend's lamb vindaloo wasn't very spicy and my friend's lamb korma also had "watery sauce syndrome" along with a sad portion of chicken. I get that the food here is inexpensive, but I could have gotten more chicken and sauce in a McDonald's Happy Meal. PROS:+  The basmati rice was dry. But probably still the best part of our meals anyway.+  The na'an was pretty fantastic. 2 whole stars for the na'an.+  We at least got to eat food. __________________________Would I order from here again? Nope. Not unless I was a sadist. Bad customer service, bad manners, subpar food. No real redeeming qualities here and way too many better options available in this neighborhood. 2 stars.
2 stars for sure experience I had last night ordering in Indian food from my friend's apartment in Midtown West. We were sitting on the floor playing Monopoly and awaiting the Grammy's to come on and mulled over the idea of ordering either tacos or Indian for a good while. Finally went with an option we noticed was fairly cheap and reasonably priced with some decent reviews. Also, situated very close within a 3 block radius as to her apartment. An hour later we decide to call and check on our food order we placed. They told us it was on its way. An hour and twenty minutes later we called again and as my friend is talking to the woman she hangs up on her. The food was both AN HOUR AND TWENTY MINUTES LATE AND THEY ARE RUDE AS ALL OUT HELL WITH ZERO MANNERS. Now, lets get to the food part. I had ordered the lamb korma (opting for something not spicy to give any acid churning away in my stomach a break), my friends ordered the lamb vindaloo, and the other the chicken tikka masala. Also with an order of garlic and cheese naan. Everything came with complimentary white rice (quite a substantial amount of it) and complimentary raita sauce. All of the entree dishes were on the soupy side. Mine was mild but expected but it held the consistency of a light sauce as opposed to an indian curry stew as I noted was quite the same with the other dishes. My friends masala had a slight bit of heat to it but it tasted like tomato soup and the vindaloo was not burn my mouth off. It was pretty mild. My personal dish had about 4-5 chunks of lamb in it and that's pretty cheap to me. I didn't order a bowl of soupy sauce, thanks. Also, meals apparently include some kind of salad. A salad for Minar is a rolled up foil ball of raw onions.I didn't try the cheese naan as I gave up cheese for lent. But I tried the garlic and that was my only favorite part and good thing to say of the meal. The raita sauce was even horrible. It wasn't yogurt. It was like they took a spoonful of cucumber yogurt and mixed in a bowl of water to save on expenses. Also, all of our food arrived COLD. I wanted to give them three stars because I did take the weather into accountability. But then it was three blocks away. How long does it take you to walk a block? Also, the quality of the food was well below average. Cheap bad Indian food.
There was a Diwali festival in Times Square and seeing the Indian food at the tents had me craving for some. So I looked up nearby Indian restaurants and got myself into Minar... I only ordered samosas from here so maybe it's not enough to write a substantial review. I wanted to order a kati roll but they ran out :( But the food here looks cheap and convenient! Nothing fancy here, dingy fast food take out ambiance in the restaurant. Instead of paying $6 for 2 samosas from the festival I paid half the price...
Ordered food delivery yesterday. Had the non-vegetarian platter, samosa (2 piece) and a soda for $18.13. Food Delivery: was told they will come in half an hour but came instead in an hour time. Nonetheless the wait was acceptable.Food: the food was good despite portion being rather small. There is only 4 small pieces of chicken tikka masala. Overall i would still see myself ordering from them again but will probably order additional dishes.
Go here if you really have to have Indian food around here. Otherwise there are many good restaurants around. Like the Dominican restaurant next door. Even nan doesn't taste that good here. And that's the only white bread I eat!
Visited during lunch hours on labor day, before the flight and because of its convenient location to Times Square. Whosoever says this is the best Indian food, I agree with them only if they are counting from the bottom of the list. They give Indian Punjabi food bad name. Pakoras we ordered were refried, stale and very greasy.Rice that came with the chicken curry was stale, chicken was red n raw inside, the aloo in aloo mutter were not cooked. Their Pav Bhaji deserves a separate applause (sarcastically applauding) because of its taste and texture. It was made in mustard oil, and tasted all mustardy, there was only garam masala in there and no Pav Bhaji masala. If they don't know that Pav Bhaji is supposed to be made in butter or vegetable oil with lots of tomatoes and Pav Bhaji masala, then they should stop having it on the menu. I have attached a picture. I'm pretty sure they pay to hide the bad reviews. I was nauseated  from eating food for couple of days. Boy, they can kill your appetite. $30 spent, $0 satisfaction. The ambience is the worst, 4 women and a guy were chit chatting behind the counter in louder Punjabi, Hindi language, the guy was yelling at someone from the staff when customers were right in front of him waiting to order. They have taken sucking in making Indian food to another level. Would never ever recommend or visit again
It is the worst restaurant for Indian food, I believe the food is pre made, and this restaurant should be closed due to poor health standards.Plus the owner of the restaurant sits in the 32nd street branch, and whenever you call in for delivery. He either hangs up the phone on purpose as I believe he doesn't understand English or he's way too arrogant.I would recommend to never eat food at this place, this place is a disgrace and is not authentic Indian food.
great food but the most inconsiderate borderline room staff esp the woman who is the cashier...she looks at you as if she could spit on you she would.
Yes, I'm giving this hole in the wall 5 stars. I used to work around the corner from Minar back almost 10 years ago and I still crave the food. I used to stop in at least a few times a year but hadn't been there in over 3 years.. until last week. I'm glad I made it back. The chicken tikka masala is consistently among the best I've had in the city. The rest of their selections have generally been very good as well. Their chicken tikka masala is a bit more tomato based than most and less heavy cream. They also always use white meat chicken. I guess its all a matter of personal preference. During my last visit, I ordered samosas which were perfectly spiced, chicken tikka masala, and some sort of chicken that was spiced with oregano and other stuff that tasted delicious. I wish i had remembered the name. Each bite was akin to biting into a slice of pizza. Really weird but really good. Do yourself a favor and stop in for some take out. Plenty of seating but more of a cafeteria than a restaurant.
Horrible service.  I placed an order and hadn't heard back in 1.5 hours.  Called to follow up and they kept hanging up on me.When they finally spoke with me on the phone, she advised that they couldn't cancel the order since the delivery person already left.  After another hour, and not yet receiving my order, I called back.  She told me that they delivered the order and called me a liar!
The staff was really polite unlike what I previously read and expected from other posters. The restaurant is kind of cafeteria-style and you are served throw-away plates. It is nothing to write home about but they have good prices and the food is pretty delicious.
I guess they couldn't tell over Seamless that I'm a white girl because when I asked for spicy, they gave me spicy. And it was good! I mean, verging on so hot I was sweating, but good. The chaat was not great. But then again, what can compare to my favorite newspaper/lotto ticket/pizza/ "Spanish" food/chaat shop (Taj Delhi Chaat) anyway?
Got the special with no rice and the food was too salty. Lamb curry was ok, not tender enough though, I definitely had better. The food is not a great value...I still like the okra but it is probably going to be the only thing I'll buy there from now on.
For me, Minar represents India.  Minar is dirty.  India is dirty. Minar is crowded.  India is crowded.Minar is disorganized.  India is disorganized.Minar is chaotic.  God knows India is chaotic!However, I promise you that despite all the negative aspects of Minar (India), you will thoroughly enjoy the food, somehow begin to embrace the chaos, find hidden efficiency in their disorganization, and leave very happy - all for $7.95.  That's right, India is also cheap!
Pretty good for the area.  There's always a ton of people, and the place is small so get there early!  It's a decent price ($9) for a meat combo (2 veg sides, and 1 meat side).  The staff is efficient and friendly, so you get your food fast even though the lines are ridiculous during the lunch rush.  I always get the aloo gobi, saag paneer, and one of the meat curry dishes.  On Fridays they have this vegetable curry.  It is AMAZING.
I'm bullish on this place as it's one of the few really solid and inexpensive Indian joints west of Curry Hill that won't frighten away squeamish eaters. Like many of those lunch-time restaurants, Minar is cafeteria-style, from the buffet to the tables. Pitchers of water are available to chase quail curry, tikki masala, lemon chicken, and all your veggie favorites. They really brought the Hill to Flatiron. ANd the price is right--most lunch combos are around $7-8. Bring a friend or get take out. All cars go!
This is an underground Indian dive near Times Square which is a sketchy combo. Went there for the lunch special and although it was inexpensive, the food did not look appetizing at all. 3 choices on veggie platter is great but flaws in each dish threw a wrench in the works. Not enough cheese in the saag panner, oil-like consistency of the sauce in the Aloo Matar, good mixed veggie dish but overall the bad look of the food negatively affected my experience. Additionally, the serving vessels behind the counter had no labels naming each dish and they looked SUPER-duper like it had already been eaten and came out the other end if ya know what I mean. BUT surprisingly the food tasted better than it looked. Not bad taste, I would go so far as to say almost average. I probably won't return but may if I get desperate as there is no good affordable Indian food in midtown. Great stuff on the east and west sides but a wasteland in the middle.
Addicted to the chicken tikka masala.
I came here during a trip to NYC.  Our group had to grab a quick lunch in the area before some of us left to catch an afternoon Broadway show.  Minar is a small nearly hole in the wall, but still plenty of space to seat at least 20-25 people.  You can order a lunch platter which includes picking a few items from the pre-made food kept warm in trays behind a sneeze guard.  I decided to stay away from that just because I was a little hesitant to know how long it has been sitting there.  I went with a dosa instead (basically a large quesadilla stuffed with potatoes, spices, peas, etc.) because it is freshly made.  The dosa took slightly a bit longer to come out than the lunch platters (obviously), but not that much longer.  They come with some side dishes including saambar and this white almost oatmeal looking stuff (i forget the name), which is also just sitting on the trays ready to be served...eek.  Despite my sanitation concerns, the dosa was relatively good and filling.  It's what I expected from a small time shop in the middle of Time Square for the reasonable prices they offered.
My coworker highly recommended this Indian place for lunch. I haven't eaten at the restaurant yet; always ordered food for delivery.  Expect delays when it's raining or hailing outside, otherwise it is a 30min wait until they arrive at the office door.  My only gripe is the delivery guys... some are very petty & out right rude.   The food is pretty hearty.  They have vegetable curries and meat curries.  My favorites are the Samosa (2 medium size pieces crisp turnover filled with spiced potatoes & peas), Chicken Shahi Korma ( boneless chicken cooked in mildly cream sauce) and Chicken Vindaloo (chicken cooked in highly spiced sauce).  Each comes with a generous side of rice & salad.  Usually I split the food order with a couple of coworkers.  It's heavy eating.  If I were to eat the entire entrée, I'd be hit with food coma for the rest of the afternoon.   Average entrée $7.00 - $8.00
We have been ordering from this restaurant for years. All of a sudden everything is so spicy that our lips blistered, nose running, eyes tearing, my stomach actually hurts.  We order the same thing, sometimes 3x a week: Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, Aloo Ghobi, white rice.  Last few times it was so spicy we couldn't eat it, though we asked them to make it mild.  This time, again, I said to the order taker on the phone, please, it has been so spicy lately.  Please make it not spicy AT ALL. She said okay, no problem.  The food came and we cannot eat it.  I called her back, same person answered the phone and when I complained she said we have a new chef, old chef went back to India. This chef likes to cook it spicy.  I said I specifically asked you when I called to make it not spicy at all. She said oh, all the food is made beforehand and in steam tables so we can't do that.  I said why didn't you tell me that when I called to order?  Silence.  I said why don't you speak to the chef and tell him you are going to lose customers if he can't control himself with the spices?  Many people like extremely spicy food, but the majority prefer something a little more mild.  Silence.  Never ever again.  We spent $25 and tossed all of it in the trash.  And I have since read a review that states they make their food off-premises in Queens in some garage and pile it in a van to deliver it to the restaurants.  Yuk. Wish I had known that years ago.
My coworker just went there and saw a cigarette butt in one of the food trays, server dude just threw it out and continued to serve the food. eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew! nuff said.
Verdict: Not worth traveling for but a best bet if you want fast decent food at cheap prices in the area.I was near Times Square around dinner time and knew I was in trouble. Definitely not the place you want to be if you are in need of quick food (or any kind of food really).  Yelp pointed me to Minar and the reviews made it sound like a place that you would only be happy about if you had no choice but to eat lunch around Times Square everyday... not promising but I gave it a shot. As mentioned, its a dump.  Dingy tables and chairs, unappetizing looking food in trays... I was nervous.  I ordered the veggie combo and basically choose three options at random + nan... total bill around $8,50It looked pretty bad... but it actually tasted pretty decent.  If I worked in Times Square I would definitely eat lunch here at least a few times a month.  I wouldn't come here expecting the best NYC has to offer, more so a decent lunch at a cheap price
Minar would be 3.5 stars elsewhere in town, but this gem gets extra stars for its authenticity in the bleak land of sandwich and salad joints in the environs of Times Square.First time I came here I was absolutely clueless on what to do. The line was nearly 20 deep, I couldn't figure out how the menu corresponded to the hot table, and the ladies behind the counter were scowling at me fiercely.Since that first intimidating encounter, I've got the 6-word mantra down: veggie combo on rice to go. 3 vegetables on rice runs you $7.55 with tax. (two meats and a veggie runs $1 more)The daily standbys are good (aloo gobi, palak paneer, brown and yellow dhal, veggie korma) and the specials are nice to mix it up. Jason S is right when he says that bhindi (okra) on Fridays is the best. Today's combo? Spicy stewed mustard greens, chickpeas and aloo gobi on rice.When it's really crowded I like to see what design the counter ladies draw on my take-away container to designate that I am the owner. If you're wearing gingham, watch for #. The small pleasures.Final thoughts: dingy Indian oasis in ghostlands of Cosi', Pret a Manger and Cafe Europa.(if you like Shalimar in San Francisco, Minar is along those lines, but less smoky, and your whole head won't be sweating after a meal)
Nothing spectacular maybe a 2 1/2 but...  Tandoori chicken was super dry and tasteless.  Palak (spinach) seemed cooked to hell.  The chickpeas was the best tasting.  Nothing that was already prepared is spicy.  Would I go back, probably not but if in area and desperate for cheap indian than maybe.  Many in my group were disappointed.  The mango lassi was the best of the meal which isn't saying much.  Perhaps the Dosa or other items are better, but stay away from the tandoori chicken and stick with veggie items or meats in sauces.
Let me start by saying I am by no means an Indian food aficionado.  Typically I stick to the basic dishes and don't venture too far into the obscure and adventurous items. Minar is close to my office and many of my Indian colleagues recommended that I try it. The restaurant itself is a rather non distinct building, and the decor is nothing to write home about. The layout is that of a lunch counter eatery, a row of different Indian dishes being served by 5 or 6 women. I usually order the combo plate, chicken tikka masala, coriander chicken, rice and mixed vegetables. Some of the other reviews I have read mentioned this also, but the sauces are usually better than the chicken itself. I have found that sometimes the chicken is a bit dry. However with all of the flavors mixing together the subpar chicken can be overlooked. I think the price is a bit steep, the combo platter with a piece of naan came to $11.50. I would expect to pay no more than $8-$9 for this, but its NYC so the prices will always be elevated. Lastly, I have found that they give you more food if you order for takeout rather than dine in.
I get takeout lunch here frequently; their Non-Vegetarian Platter (2 meat dishes, plus 1 veggie dish, plus rice or naan) at $7.95 is a great deal.The food is nicely spiced for a western palate; nothing too over-the-top.One irritation:  I wish they would label the dishes they are serving from their heat trays.  Having to ask which dishes are goat, lamb, etc is time-consuming and seems unnecessary.Another downer:  Today there was a long black hair in my murgh makhani.   ***BARF!***   Keep your damn hats on, girls -- literally.
My experience of Minar has been through their lunch specials and delivery. It's fast, inexpensive, and surprisingly consistent. The vegetarian lunch specials with naan bread or basmati rice range from $4.95 to $5.95. I really enjoy the Saag Paneer while my current meat dish is the Lamb Biryani. Raita is included with all lunches.The best part about Minar is that they are willing to deliver down to Chelsea.
Good Indian food, and undeniably one the least expensive ones in Midtown. Tried many others and clearly Minar and Kashmir 9 are the best ones around. If you like spicy Indian food, try Chicken Vindaloo! A little greasy, but you'll enjoy it. Has a nice tangy taste to it. The Butter Chiken/ Chiken Makhani is just about okay and I did not like the Chicken Tikka Masala. Chiken Bhuna Saag is 5 stars. You'd enjoy only if you like Spinach though!
I ordered delivery here the other day. Not sure why people think its amazing here. The veggie curry was so so and the veggie balls in the curry were a bit dry. Also the garlic naad wasn't all the great either and it was cold when it arrived. Don't think i would order it again.
Probably crowded at lunch but I went here right at 7pm before a show and it was empty. The people running the restaurant didn't seem overly excited about us being there, but the food was great. We ordered items from a counter and nothing was labeled so we basically guesses. Pretty sure chicken tiki masala was involved. Everything has the right amount of spicy kick. Chicken was tender.  Rice was good. Good, hole in the wall Indian joint.
Latest obsession = Minar.Definitely a weekly lunch stop for me from now on. You can order easily from their website and get it delivered or save tip money and pick it up. I went safe and got the Navrattan Curry, which is an all vegetable curry. Huge, fresh, and slightly charred naan, an ass-ton of rice, and the cheap prices just drove it home.I had faith there were non-touristy and authentic food places around Times Square, and Minar is exactly that.
A good place for some fast Indian food. I like the curry chicken. But might feel a bit standout since all people around you are Indians.
"Naan to go!"I really, really want "Naan to go!" as my ringtone.  I just got a new phone, and suddenly, I want stupid ringtones.  Which is even stupider since my phone is almost always on vibrate.  But, it is perhaps a sign of how much I've been eating at Minar lately that I think "Naan to go!" would make an awesome ringtone (alongside the muzak version of Smoke on the Water from Pies N' Thighs, of course).  Anyway, if you have not been to Minar, they've got these combos. Veg or meat. You get rice or naan.  If you want both rice and nice-- which I wholeheartedly recommend-- your server will yell "Naan to go!" (or, if you are staying, "Naan to stay!").  Now, given that Minar has all the charm of Port Authority (see my earlier review for a more detailed analysis of why some of my fellow Yelpers are misguided in docking points for this), you should get your Naan to Go!  You, too, will come to appreciate that sweet sound, because it means you are minutes away from enjoying the addictively tasty goodness that is the Minar lunch combo.  And one of the Minar cafetaria ladies is just the cutest little thing when she yells "Naan to go!"  She ought to have her own reality show.One of the biggest surprises has been that Minar's saag paneer is pretty damn good.  Somehow, I thought it wouldn't be.  It's often not at cheap places. But it's good. Strangely good. As if it were laced with something that is neither saag nor paneer.  Anyway, I might be up to eating at Minar 3x a week these days.  I prefer it to the Biryani Cart these days.  It's faster and, you know what, better.  Sure, there's going to be burnout one of these days.  I might reconsider if I continue going to a dance class and continue seeing myself in a leotard in a full-length mirror.  But, really, that's all a small price to pay for Naan to Go!
Hell yeah. Veggie combo with rice (fsck the bread) rocks my wyrld daily. I always get the saag paneer and aloo gobi and then I'll mix it up with either the vegetable curry or the daily special.Biggest gripe? Yesterday the lady took my $20 bill and then proceeded to have a conversation with another person working there while I waited. After 20 seconds I had to speak up and say "MY CHANGE PLEASE". If I hadn't asked, I might've had to just wait and wait. Fail service. But I still ate there again today, and it didn't happen, so whatevs. IM FKN ADDICTED
This is the kind of establishment that i really miss in London. I had gone to Minar for a working lunch with a friend once. Its heavy Indian food is tailored to suit the lunch requirements of a busy working professional.Its quite popular, and busy, during the weekday lunch hours. They offer a wide spread of Indian dishes at very reasonable prices. You pay according to the number of items you want to take. Two veg dishes will cost something ... one veg and one meat dish a bit more, and two non-veg dishes a bit more than that.Minar is operationally very efficient. The queue can be quite long, but they turn customers around at a rate of probably more than one a minute. So the wait is never that long. The food is very cheap too (at least for a Londoner), which is an added attraction. Some rice, a nan and two dishes cost me approximately $10.The food is decent, but not memorable. This isn't a place i would rush to satisfy a craving for Indian food when in New York, but its certainly would be a regular lunch haunt if i ever work at mid-town.
What can I say to express how much I love the food from Minar. I'm a foodie and love good Indian food. When my BF and I first started dating, he was a bit shocked about my passion for food. Minar was his "Ace in the pocket". It was the first time I went to his place for dinner and he ordered from Minar. He ordered the Matar Paneer and Naan. It was my first time having a sweet lassi too. The sweet lassi was a taste of heaven. The food was take out but it was EXCELLENT. The food was delivered on time and tasted like my father's cooking. The naan was fresh and hot. The delivery menu appears to be the same as the dinning-in menu. The restaurant closes early so order before 6:30pm. Otherwise the food is excellent and fast delivery. I've never stepped into the restaurant but maybe I will one day.
Delta's Sky magazine was my connection to this treasure. Easily the best Indian food I've had the pleasure of eating. Chef Singh, hailing from New Delhi, makes the best, freshest Indian food in house each day. I strongly recommend any of the vegetarian/vegan dishes here, all of which are incredibly good and packed with flavor. It's hard to spend $10 and not leave full. It would be nice if it could get away from the cafeteria style setting, but it is great for a quick stop.
Cheap, very good, good selection.Pros: the lunch special is pretty good steam table affair. The meat on bone lamb curry is excellent, the nan is baked to order. made to order food is better than the steam table, but steam table is pretty good and refreshed often, especially during the lunch hours when every table is filled my indians.Cons: dosas are nothing special, but its a punjabi restaurant so you shouldn't go here for dosas anyways. Channa is a bit bland for a punjabi place. very surprising.
I love the vindaloo and the chicken tikka masala. very tasty.
Restaurant food 4 starHome party catering food 5 starWedding party catering 2 starGurdwara ( sikh temple) catering ( for wedding &private events)  4 starThats right , most of my outings are at Desi Parties, desi house parties/kitty parties,  desi wedding parties and to the gurdwara so i eat a lot of food directly/indirectly prepared by minar.The reason their food is ok at wedding parties is not entirely their fault, a lot to do with the venue also , but it is sub par as the GANDU host (folks havin the wedding ) are FUCKING CHINDI/GUJU ppl PANCHo aka cheap motherfuckers.. oh well ....so over all they have been very consistent and they  go all out and have the yummiest food for home catering  if you spend the MOOLAH..
This place has all the charm and ambiance of a cut-rate dentist's waiting room, and the service is just as abrupt. But once you taste the saag paneer or the chicken makhni, you really won't care. This place is the real deal and it made me miss India so much that I choked up a little bit. Get your order to go and get extra naan. Midtown is a culinary desert at lunchtime so you will see many office workers lined up here around noon, looking to Minar to add a needed dose of color and spice to their workday lives (and I will be among them).
I was extremely disappointed with the service I received from thisrestaurant. The food they delivered was cold, was not prepared how Ispecified when I ordered it, was not packaged properly for deliveryand they forgot part of my order. When I called them back, theyrefused to deliver the part of my order they forgot and completelydismissed my other issues. They were extremely rude andunprofessional. This was one of the worse delivery experiences I have ever had!
If it was just for the food, I'll probably give them like 3 stars since it is decent but kind of irregular... and can be a little disgusting sometimes to be honest. I don't have time to run for lunch anywhere during my day because I'm always so busy. So I order in... And sometimes get amazing stuff.BUT this place???? It took them over 2 hours to bring the food (and I am 5 blocks away... as I said no tie at all to run out). I kept calling them every 15 minutes and they kept repeating: it's on the way,it will be there any minutes...So it took over 2hours to come, it was cold and they didn't include a fork a spoon or even a napkin...
***Note - Food Delivery Review***WOW... that was FASSSSST... I called Minar at 12:55pm to place an order for delivery... Chicken Tikka MasalaRiceCucumber RaitiNaanZZZZZZZZZZZZZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM... *telephone rings*Me: "Lehman Brothers"Delivery Boy: "Hi, you order from Minar? I'm in the messenger center."Me: OK!!! *looks at time*1:02pm....Yes folks... That delivery boy made it to my office in 7 mins. The food was yummers too... I liked that the chicken tikka masala had a slight spiciness to it... i love spicy anything... and they gave a side of lettuce, sliced peppers and onions too.. very refreshing...
This is about as good as midtown lunchtime takeout Indian is going to get this side of the Arabian sea.  First of all, they get mad props because the woman on the phone is incredibly polite, and yet also businesslike.  I have never seen her, but I can tell we would be friends in some other reality where I am waiting tables or working on the line in the kitchen.  Secondly, everything I have ever had there has been fantastic.  Whether it's the inauthentic UK-Indian curry joint stuff, the standard North Indian dishes and street food style appetizers, or shock beyond shock, the obscure Punjabi specialties I only know about from my roommate's home cooking (Rajma, Sarson ka Saag, Makki ki Roti, etc).  They also have a few different kinds of chaat, which is how you know they're catering to a South Asian crowd and are not just a cheapo curry row wannabe dishing out Chicken Tikka Masala and Onion Bhajji to midtown goras.Thirdly, they send plenty of tamarind and coriander chutney, as well as dahi, which is thin Indian yogurt that gets splashed liberally on everything.  My only complaint here is that I wish they were more straight up about the fact that dahi = raita, and when you order "raita" what you get is an extra large tub o' dahi.  Dahi which comes free with your order anyway.  Fourthly, they are always fast, hot, fresh, and belly-filling without making me want to retch afterwards, which is all I really ask in a lunch takeout experience.
I led my friend here for lunch (Irene F :-) ).  The curry here is delicious.  I get it with lamb and chickpeas.  It will run you about $8 for lunch.  This place does get packed, so either take it to go or come here at around 2 or before 11:45.  I like the cabbage and onion they give you on the side.  The food is fresh and definitely worth it for a tasty lunch.
I used to frequent this place often, since I worked a block away, and now I miss Minar badly. I'll admit I didn't stray much from my favorite order, which was the meat combo of: chicken tikka, spinach, and cauliflower/potato. I've also had the chicken curry, which was good. The fact that Minar is located in an area filled w/ some of the most bland and boring food in NY makes it even more amazing.Everybody I've brought to Minar has become a fan. Pretty good track record, huh?
Been a customer since Y2K. When ever i get a craving for a quick curry i always seem to think of Minar. Its the cleanest express Indian joint i've been to not only in NY but in my recollection. Like most curry in a hurry places they have the usual buffet style veggie and non veggie selections, but the Dosa's are not to be missed as well as the Paratha's. My veggie friends tell me that the the staple dishes - Saag Paneer, Alu Gobhi, and Alu Matar , are on par if not better than most. Me a true curry / meat lover usually have any of the lamb/goat dishes and the chicken vindaloo. Most all dishes are medium spiced - i usually like them to bring the heat. Two words clean, and Dosa - invariable the first is key to any express especially curry joint, never got ten sick in all these years. Service is quick and direct - so if your browsing the menu step aside please.Only draw back they close too early - so if you are out for happy hour in midtown you'll have to find some other joint to sweat your alcohol out.
One of the better Indian restaurants in NYC. Plus their selection of food has decent prices. Worth stopping by at.
Minar minarets above the rest.  Okay, terribly cheesy, but this place does tower above.  I can recall only one of many visits when the food was not up to par.  Truly the best value Indian food in the city.  The atmosphere isn't great but doesn't need to be.   Complaints about a lack of 'kick' are mostly unwarranted since Indian restaurants generally do 'Americanize' their food to appeal to the taste palettes of the masses.  Definitely check this place out for a quick, affordable, and delicious bite.Tip:  Traditional fare is good, but feel free to try the rarer lamb kima dish.
Mmmmm....Minar! My friend Max S led me here for lunch, and I must say, I walked out a lot happier than I walked in!! The food was delicious, from the makhani chicken to the palak paneer, and the okra was less greasy than other places I have had it. Of course, it really just does not compare to Jackson heights, my beacon of all that is delicious in Indian food!! Yum.The place is crowded, the naan is hot, the crowd is relatively friendly, and the food is good. A great place to keep in mind for lunch under $10 in this area!
Good place for takeout lunch in midtown.  i've tried a few dishes but my favorite by far is the chicken tikka biryani.  it's a spiced boneless chicken dish w/ flavorful rice.  I've tried the lamb version and it's not as good - this is the first time that's happened at an Indian restaurant for me...go figure.The nan and samosas are solid too.
I love this place.  I'm giving it an extra star for the setup - both the meat & 3 combo (or whatever they call it), plus the extra quick, yelling for naan in the back cafeteria style service.  I eat lunch here virtually every time I come to NYC.  Plus sometimes they have goat
Minar is a regular delivery place for dinner. My husband loves their keema peas and chicken tikka masala. I love love the kari pakora on Tuesdays, the best I have had in the city!! Absolute best! They need to add it to their main menu. Their samosa is good too. Some of their chaats are very filling, and it feels like an entree. I like the variety they offer with their daily specials. My only complaint is their Mysore masala dosa. It is so so so so spicy, that I cannot eat it and it makes my tongue burn like hell. I have asked them to go easy on the spices, to no avail. I gave up ordering it altogether. I love dosa with a bit of spice, but they go way overboard. Sometimes they also forget to send coconut chutney so you have to remind them. The food also sometimes spills, they need to be careful with the packaging. Other than that, the food tastes good and is cheap.
This place feels like a lunch spot in India: exceedingly simple, no-frills decor; lots of Indian people having lunch; and simple but good food (which cannot even be taken for granted in India).  I wish they had steel plates and cups (instead of plastic ones) and really take us back to Hyderabad.
Kati Roll moved and you should read all reviews under a restaurant listing. But since you have a taste for fast cheap Indian food walk two steps to Minar. I wasn't impressed with the inside of this place. Something about it tells me it used to be a pizza joint. (mmmm ... pizza ... uh! SORRY ... Indian food right) Buffet style. Cool. Friendly staff who joked with me about making my friend wait for me for so long. Daily specials. And reasonable prices. We went pre-show and there were only a couple customers so service was fast and efficient. Now something I've never seen before is this new fangled "GoMoBo" where you can text your order to the restaurant. WHOA! Modern technology is out of control. They also deliver for free. My friend had never had Indian food from a menu before so the staff helped her decide. Sweet of them right? I ordered the Curry Fish Special and it was fresh made so it was piping hot. My friend got the Chicken Tikka Masala, a good starter dish if you're trying Indian for the first time. They give you a lot of food. Ugh I ate so much so fast that I thought I was going to puke. The food was alright. I've had better Indian food for sure. But for what it was, I was satisfied. It just needs some more spice and flavor. The Mango Lassi is the bomb! I relished every sip! Mmm ... I may not eat here again but I will come back for that perfectly creamy sweet treat.
I love this place.  Great Veggie specials.Okra Friday are the best..............try the onion kulchaCON-wicked bad breath after eating curry, and fresh raw onions.
A tiny hole in the wall place, you should go early if you want a table otherwise it's only a short wait for cheap and flavourful Indian.  Brisk and efficient service from the ladies behind the counter, don't go for any small talk it's always too busy.A great lunch place for those working in the Times Square area.
Minar is pretty good food, but it is not necessarily the most welcoming place for someone who is intimidated by Indian food. The line can be long but moves fast, which means the place is a little frenetic; the main form of communication with the kitchen seems to be screaming, and the ladies can be impatient with indecisive customers. They're not mean or unfriendly, just shrill. Very, very shrill. Some dishes come with some sides, though if you don't know what's what, it's difficult to tell the sides from the main dishes. Best bet is: if you go during lunch rush, go with someone who's been before and can guide you. If you want to experiment and ask questions, better to go when they're not crowded. The food is good and evidently pretty authentic. Whatever you're getting, pick up some naan. Price is reasonable for midtown. If you go during lunch rush you almost certainly will have to share your table if you're lucky enough to get a table.
A solid Indian lunch buffet. If you're jonesin for some curry, it'll do the trick. Not the best Indian you've ever had, but good.
Great midtown lunch spot.  The cafeteria-style self-service and decor is part of the charm and what makes it a perfect place for a quick and delicious lunch for under $10.  Great food for a great price.  What could be better?
The quentisental choice for a good Indian meal during your work hours.  I usually get the tikki Marsala or the Vindaloo and tried the other veggies dishes here and there.   As I can admit, I am pretty limited in the different types of Indian dish, I may be missing out the best dishes out there.  Average dish is about $7 or $8 a pop so it doesnt  hurt your wallet but it sure does bust a gut.  I'm sitting here with my belt unbuckled.  What a wonderful feeling.
The price is decent and the location is close for those in the Time Sq area. I came here since I was in the area after some training, it seats about 20, food is alright, but they don't give as much as the other place near Herald Sq. They need some interior design help.
Worst delivery experience. Order didn't come for 2 hours. The restaurant manager tells if I wanted the delivery person to fly instead of being apologetic. I will not recommend this place to anyone unless you want to starve and get frustrated. NEVER ordering from this horrible place. Minar shame on you!!
The food is good but the service is sooo bad. esp the cachier lady is the rudest person i have met. She hasnt yelled at me yet but i have seen her yelling at so many other customers even if it is her fault. If she messes up your order she will yell at you for not paying attention. And I once saw her yelling at this guy because he gave her a 20 dollar bill nd she forgot and thought he gave 10 dollar bill...The service is just ridiculous. The food is good but I dont go there anymore because the people working there are just so disrespectful. why support a place like that?
Rice-a-roni. With a tragic abundance of cumin powder.
Fast, cheap and delicious. Great little place to get a quick bite, and the people were very nice.
Great for a rushed lunch or take-out.  Know pretty much what you want and point because it's hard to order in English.  But all together...good pricing and good food!
Umm...yum and yum.  I hate Midtown and only come here as otherwise I couldn't claim my employment check.  Basically, affordable, edible food is hard to come by in the area, so to find diamonds in the rough if always cherished.
Worst delivery experience ever! My office decided to get Indian delivered from Minar. Worst idea ever. Not only did they take an hour to deliver our food but they forgot one of the orders. So when I called to rectify this situation the lady on the phone was not only completely rude but she had the nerve to straightup hangup the phone on me. The problem doesn't stop there. The packaging was absolutely terrible. Nothing was marked or labeled so pretty much everything looked the same and we had to guess what was what. Everything was just all jumbled together in a mess. Now a bunch of us got the prixe fix lunch combo which came with naan and a salad with every meal. So what they did was throw all of the naans together in an aluminium foil which isn't too terribly inconvenient but throwing all four salad together into one single giant lump of chopped veggie mess in a sheet of aluminium foil just made no sense!! They have containers for everything else but not for the salad? Absolutely ridiculous. I was at least hoping the food would taste good but nope. Tasted mediocre at best and they really really cheap out on the protein. Each one of us got exactly three tiny little pieces of chicken in our vindaloo and tikka masala. For $10 I at least expect more meat or better packaging or something! I've had better quality food and service at a street cart at half the price. Never eating or delivering from here ever again.
Eat here about every other week. Good and reliable. Quick, cafeteria style. During the winter months, it's pretty cold in there since the door opens and closes a lot and half the seating is right near the door.
I have been lunching at Minar for two years.  Yes, it's cafeteria style.  Yes, it's a hole in the wall.  Yes, the line reaches right up to the front door by the sidewalk during lunchtime.  Every weekday. And usually, most of the lunch clientele are Indian/Pakistani. There is a reason.  The food is consistently really good and for New York, it's cheap.  I've taken filmmakers and music producers to lunch here.  They go back. I've seen Broadway actors eat here.  Quiet your ego and accept the lack of decor.  Order a veggie or meat combo, samosa chat, or better, a masala dosa, and wait for the giant crepe to appear. You will smile.  You will eat.  And you will leave, satisfied.
food for budget. average quality.
My first time visiting NYC, I was beginning to think a vegetarian would starve in Midtown. Popped into this place, and got a nice tasting curry at a good price. They have about 10 vego curries plus sides.
One of the things I am thankful for is good cheap food near Times Square. Minar is such a place, serving up Indian food cafeteria style. The food served in a standard round aluminum takeout container is packed full but somehow I can finish it and not feel like i ate too much. I can go on my afterwork run without feeling like i still need to digest. The food is spiced just right, and their vegetable or meat combo offers a nice variety. When you order dishes that are not out in the serving trays, it can take awhile but it's worth it. It was here that i was first introduced to a dosa. Try one!
good for takeout.  Food was good, not great, but hard to beat for the price.
Good cheap Indian food. Interior is dated. But food is good . All Indian patrons when I went, i take it as a sign of authenticity.
GREAT mysore masala dosa. And this is coming from a dosa snob. Really spicy, really great. Good and fast!
There's not much special about Minar, but it gets the job done. I have ordered from them on Seamless Web at least thirty times, and it's like the McDonalds of midtown Indian food. I mean that in a good way: they are fast, they are consistent, they are plenty tasty, and they are cheap, cheap, cheap. If you're not too picky, Minar really hits the spot.
Pretty good stuff for the $8 lunch combo. Giant naans and lots of sauce but not they skim on the meat. The curries were pretty good; they got the usual stuff. I really liked the goat curry which sounds nasty but it's pretty good. Also comes with a choice of vegetable. Very quick and easy.
Definitely a fan.  i've added them to my seamlessweb favorites after one order.  I ordered the non-veg platter and some pakora, and that was totally enough food for both lunch and dinner.  And all for about 15 bucks!  The food wasn't nearly spicy enough even though i asked for it extra spicy, but with all Indian restaurants it will take time to train them how spicy to make it..
"Masala dosa, STAY!"I love how they shout out whether things are to stay or to go. I always get a Dosa, and they're pretty good. A little oily, but no worse than your average dosa, and largely pretty tasty. I often ate there. You get free water and cups on the table. But, it's crowded and noisy and very cold in the winter because so many people keep coming through the door.  Thumbs up for a quick, cheap meal!
Cheap, filling North Indian food with variety and good portions.The chicken shalik which they serve as a special on Wednesdays is definitely they're best dish.
Being Indian, I know good Indian food. This place feels just like home and the people are incredibly friendly, which is something that is uncommon for Indian restaurants. Because you don't get waited on, the prices stay low and reasonable. They also have a really good variety of foods from the Punjab and South regions. Their mango lassi's are also very tasty. Overall this is definitely a place to visit if you are in Times Square and are sick of the typical American fare. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant next time I'm in NYC.
the food is four star but the price and convenience of minar give it five stars...if you want cheap, delicious and fast indian food, no place in NYC is better than minar...their chicken biriyani is amazing and there are days when all i crave is their biriyani...the chicken biriyani is $6.95 and can easily feed two people. also if you're interested in having indian food catered, minar is definitely the best in terms of pricing, food, service and delivery
Food is AMAZING.  Prices are unbeatable.  I've only ordered out from here and was always satisfied.  I visited the establishment for the first time last week.  Super teeny and hot inside!  But it doesn't take away from the fact that the food is simply delicious.
Minar is the best take out Indian in the central mid-town area. The food is generally very good though I find the spices to be a little muted.  The meat can occasionally be dry/tough but is usually good.  You get a lot of food for around $7 (you get bread OR naan - if you want both it is an extra $1).  There are many dishes to choose from for their lunch combos and they rotate daily specials.  The line can be long but they are efficient and move you through the cramped quarters very quickly.  Look at it this way - a long line is a good sign - and a long line that moves fast is even better!
i've ordered twice from here, both times the vegetarian lunch combo. i'm four blocks away, and when my order arrives less than five minutes after i hang up the phone, that should pretty much tell you the quality of eats. truly indian fast food.
Best midtown lunch spot for cheap, reliable and delicious Indian food. I love this place and try to eat here once a week. Minar is also great for novice Indian food eaters. The kind servers are happy to walk them through the dishes. Bring your skeptical colleagues over for a try.
good, fast and cheap but not enough 'kick' in the dishes for me.
A hole in the wall, not enough tables to sit and eat. Will have to share your tiny table with strangers during lunch time which is around noon to about 1:30 pm. But the food is hot, fresh and tasty. It's definitely above average and super bang for the buck. If you are there at lunch time and are in line, decide what you want ahead of time. The ladies behind the counter mean business and will not tolerate you ummm and aahhhing for your order. Can't blame them, it's packed during that time. Not a sit down but definitely a come-eat-leave place. They pack your lunch pretty well too if you want a to-go.
Quantity is not much. The sauce you're getting match the price you're paying. But I think there are more alternatives if you're willing to pay  more than $8 for lunch combo.
Fast, kinda seedy decor with lots of desis at lunch time. The portions are a bit on the small side, but what can you expect for the prices. I think the food is usually pretty good, but not really great. They do Americanize their food so make sure that you tell them you can handle the hear. Mostly do take-out or delivery to avoid the uh.... "ambiance."
decent buffet selection for a vegetarian. they've got all the basics you would expect at an indian buffet, and if you go at the peak lunch hour it's hot and fresh tasting. flavors may not be spot on, but they're still good. hot naans. great price range. if they improve their saag paneer, they get my fifth star.
I found a hair in my food and the guy told me to "take it up wth the chef" and wouldn't refund me. I also waited an hour for my food and it never came and the guy was very rude.
Worst Service ever, the man chef looks like somebody owe  him money, the environment is also dirty. I will never go there again!!
Worst most unsanitary place in the universe. They just have little kids running around inside the restaurant. The employees have no idea how to run a shop
Ordered delivery, food arrived 30 mins late.  The food did not taste good.  I would not recommend this location of all the options in the city.
Good home style Indian food. It is cafeteria/dhaba style restaurant. You pick what you want from pre-cooked entrees. Try their papdi chaat.
There was a plastic bag handle in my chicken tikka masala I ordered tonight. Super disappointing in addition to waiting almost 2 hours for the delivery. They kept denying it until I told them I had photo proof.Then the owner tried to offer credit for a future order, but I would never feel comfortable eating here again.Then the owner said I must go to their restaurant to get a cash refund (note I ordered this on seamless and do not live close).Finally after 2 hours of back and forth, they came back and gave the cash back.This was one of the grossest experiences I've ever had with seamless. Do not order from here.
Minar is fit-for-purpose.  If you are in the Midtown area, looking for a cheap eats Indian meal, and not too discerning about the quality of food or the setting, then Minar is a good option, especially for lunch.I believe Minar has two other locations in the city, and has been around for longer than I can remember.  They have daily specials.  The mid-week rajma (red kidney beans) entree is quite good.  The South Indian fare is unremarkable--I mean the vadai, idli, dosa and uthappam.  But the take-out menu has the usual suspects--dal fry, samosas, pakoras and a broad range of entrees--and is quite consistent, even if not excellent, in taste and quality.Go to Minar when your Indian food cravings are not easily controlled.  Try not to go on days when you have a busy afternoon meeting schedule--you will either smell of Indian spices or sleep from their effect.
This review is for Minar's delivery. Maybe your experience at the restaurant would be better. Three deliveries in a row have been missing Naan, chutneys, or both. The specials are a reasonable deal, although I've found whole cloves, bay leaves, or what looks to be a wood chip all too frequently. Overall, I'm pretty disappointed. Hit or miss as to whether you will receive everything you ordered and forget calling to complain. It will take another hour for the missing items to reach you. And, FYI, by "pickle" they mean pieces of raw onion and bits of iceberg lettuce wrapped in a bit of aluminum foil.
The ladies who serve the food are really rude and out of sync with each other . Not only they yell at ppl they also won't tell each other what to charge for and then they make it your mistake that wrong charges were made.
Pretty bad food here. We ordered several items and other than the naans everything else was pretty bland. Biryani was nothing but quickly assembled curry and rice. Dosa was over-crispy, and Daal Tadka had no real tadka!Wish I could give them 0 stars. Never going back again.
Went in a second time to eat in today.The setup of this place is like those Indian fast food places in the mall. Their typical deal is $9 for 2 meats and one vegetable side dish. Overall it was alright.The eat-in plates are those plastic compartmental ones so you get only a few spoonfuls of whatever you're having.My main was the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was pretty flavorful but there was only about 6 small pieces of chicken. Got the ground lamb as my second meat choice and that was alright. My vegetable choice was Saag Paneer. I've definitely had betterBoth the lamb and saag paneer were put into the smaller compartments so I just got just few spoonfuls of each.Luckily I ordered the Samosa Chat for $5.50 was a nice large portion and super flavorful. If it came with rice it would be a whole meal.Soda can was $1.25Overall, just average
Totally reasonable oasis to grab a quick non touristy bite in the generic supermall of Times Square chain joints. Lots of seating, very little atmosphere, good price. Food was tasty, spicy, and hot. Also seemed to have been made pretty freshly. Glad I found this place.
Ok so the chicken I ordered was great. The three star rating comes with the physical restaurant. Disgusting bathrooms and dining area floors. After eating here, which I did because the food was hot and served on disposable tableware, I walked out to see a rat pillaging the trash pile in front of the place. Oh well, the veg options I ordered were slightly bland, but still ok to eat.
Awesome tasting food! 3 stars because the portions are minuscule for the prices they charge!! Some yelpers say it's a good price, and one can assume that until they see how much is scooped into the plate! I was still hungry after an entree that was $14I think I tried nearly everything! And it was all very tasty & delicious!
I don't know about "authentic" as some reviews say but it is definitely good. My eyes were bigger than my stomach when I ordered a Platter (2 meat 1 veg w/Naan), Lamb Biryani and a Samosa Chaat for 2 before watching If/Then on Broadway.  This was a LOT of food!The Chicken Tikka was ok, Lamb Curry was great, Aloo Gobi YUM! Lamb Biryani was really wet... but the flavor was there and the lamb pieces were plentiful. The Samosa Chaat was my fav, talk about a HUGE platter for $5! Would definitely come back before a show!
Ordered food from here on the whim off of the Grubhub app. The prices for midtown for Indian food are great and I was craving it!!! Lol Delivery was on time. I had the Chicken Tikka Marsala with rice and a plain naan and everything tasted good. One thing I did notice was the CTM was a little spicer than I have had from other Indian spots, but it wasn't an overwhelming spice. I would def order from here again in the future as a lunch/dinner option while at work. Good Indian food, not great, but it does the job for a casual Indian food eater like me not looking to spend a lot.
They had a lunch special which was alright but good for the price. The food is nothing special though.
Eating the curry fish as I type this. Really good. Perfect spice level. Tons of rice. Naan is super fresh. I will be returning soon to try more of the dishes. They were quick and friendly as well!
Been here countless times, taken groups as well as sat by myself for a quick lunch, and enjoyed the food each time. It's not much of a place to look at or enjoy the ambience, but  it's always super fast and good food. Especially love the keema matar, goat curry, rajma and paalak dal. Yum!Have also been here right before closing time to grab dinner, and the staff has been very accommodating.
Really nice place for its price. Stuff is friendly and food is good. They don't ask if you like it spicy, so be prepared for Dragon fire breath!
I love this food. Don't be swayed by the buffet look of the place. It is very good fresh food. I've been eating here for years and it's a great hole in the wall with speedy delivery and great food. Prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food you get. My favorite is chicken korma.
I have gone from being an occasional Minar patron to a regular. It's about the only Indian place I eat at anymore. The other Indian places dish out garbage, lots of cream and generic pre-made masalas. But not Minar, here the food always hits the palette and satisfies. It's the best in the breed of authentic, down home Punjabi food. My favorites: bhindi sabzi, yellow dal, lamb and goat curries, and ofcourse, keema/peas. The keema naan with dahi bhalley was so good!!!
The food was amazing. So delicious and flavorful, and the lamb in the lamb korma was truly transcendent -- tender and flavorful both of the lamb and korma flavors. Samosas and pakoras were great too, and the green/red sauces were high quality and flavorful. But the true winner was the delivery time: it arrived less than 30 minutes after I placed my order, and it's not like we are right across the street. Also very reasonable prices. Great service, will order again soon!
I have been to this place twice and the second time was more disappointed. the taste of the Indian food is okay it can certainly do better.. but more than that the staff should be more responsive and friendly! service needs to be improved.
I only ever go on Wednesdays for their Chicken Makhani dish. This is definitely not your cookie cutter chicken tikka masala dish. It has less sauce but is more packed with flavour! Coriander chicken special is also pretty good.The ladies could be a little more warm in their service approach. I always feel like I am getting yelled by my angry aunt if I don't order quickly enough...
Great relaxed lunch option in the midtown sea of lunchtime disruptors out to destroy everything you knew about the meal.Cafeteria style and not super-duper crowded on the days I've been there.The food is consistent, flavorful and rich.  ~$10 for bread or rice and your choice of three hot dishes from an offering of about a dozen (south?) Indian standards.
Amazing! This is a great place to go if you need delicious and affordable food before seeing a Broadway show. I also work in the area and am always looking for good places to get lunch. Four stars because not the best Indian food I've ever had, but compared to the other offerings in Times Square I would give it a five. It's nestled between two Irish pubs on the south side of 46th street.I ordered by looking at what was available at the counter but they also have a paper menu that explains what the different types of curry are.I got a chickpea curry with fragrant rice and naan bread. Cucumber raita came on the side-- kind of watery but still a bit creamy. The naan huge and freshly made! The meal came out to a little more than $9 and I was really full-- I really only needed one starch. Next time will probably opt for just the naan. If you're deciding between rice and naan, go for the naan! Curry had a little bit of a kick but I wouldn't say it was spicy. I'm sure they have chilis or something if you wanted spicier. I will definitely be returning soon! Such a great option among all the chaotic places in Times Square.
It always amazes me how people can be so unfriendly in the restaurant industry. Especially when the reputation of your business highly depends on good customer service as well as quality food.  The cashier caught an attitude with me when I asked for the salad that was "included" in the price I paid for my lunch meal. Please don't advertise that meals include salads if you are only going to act like you're doing your customers a favor by giving it to them. Needless to say I will not be returning. Which is disappointing because the food is pretty cheap and decent, but I guess so is the service.
This is my to go to Indian place to dinner or lunch their food is amazing and their price is very convenient I love their check pea curry and their potato pancakes their food is amazing and very signature Indian
Food was gud and not expensive. Place was very short but thats something expected in New York.We have ordered Rootis and they are taskty. I would recommend their panneer tikka curry. Their drinking water was gud and would recommend this place.
By far best Indian food, although the surroundings do not give it justice.
Terrible customer service. I got delivery and they forgot to add an item. The restaurant accused me of lying and said I would be charge extra if they have to come back to deliver.  Why would I lie about a $2 item???? Zero respect. Food is mediocre at best.
This place used to be great a few years ago.  Today I ordered the SAAG PANEER and there was no PANEER.  Food arrived cold, the Kebabs were not as tasty as they used to be.  So sorry to say ,but I was extremely disappointed.
Good option for lunch. Cheap and very fillingI had the butter chicken with veggies, there is nothing more to say. If you look at the pictures you know exactly what you are getting.My only problem with this place is that I think my co-workers are starting to hate me for bringing such smelly food to the office. Next time I'll bring them some
A tasty hole-in-the-wall oasis in the desert of Times Square tourist traps.  We're usually the only folks here for a pre-theater dinner whereas the rest of the sparse dinner crowd tends to be office foodies just getting out of work.  I personally prefer the made-to-order South Indian specialties, but my friends enjoyed the steam table curries very much as well.Paper Masala Dosa: Go big or go home!  This dosa is larger than the tray, but can actually be finished by people who aren't obese.  I like eating the crispy outer edge pieces first and saving the potato masala and softer inner dosa pieces for last.  The sambar wasn't that spicy, but helped add a tomato tone before dipping into the very tasty coconut chutney.Pani Puri: Little fried rounds of puri you stuff with potatoes and chickpeas then dip in a spicy water.  I wasn't a big fan of the spicy water, so ended up just using the cilantro and tamarind chutneys.Galub Jamun: Like warm Indian donut holes floating in a sticky syrup.  Each order only has two balls, so you can always make room for dessert.
Met our critera: We were broke, we had only credit cards, we're in Midtown, and it was almost 9 pm.  What can you get?I like that they have a wide variety of dosas, roti, and uttapam.  Unfortunately, they did not have any of these when I came in the evening.  Not a surprise with cafeteria-style places.  We ordered a Sag Paneer (not creamy but good dense spinach consistency, faint cinnamon, little cheese) and a Chicken Tikka Masala (Good chicken-broth flavor, not spicy, all-white-meat chicken $1.00 upcharge but it was stewed so it was dry).  They give you plenty of rice, which is a good thing.  The appetizer list is short - we ordered vegetable pakora.  Vegetable pakora is always a roll of the dice as it can encompass so many different fried vegetables.  In this case, two orders of vegetable pakora was 6 pieces, three pieces of onion bhaji wads and three pieces of sliced potato in chickpea batter.  Lowest tier of possible vegetables.  The staff was courteous, and the people who ate here were authentic.  No frills.  Two entrees and two orders of pakora for $23?  That's a deal in the Times Square area.  Much better than Curry in a Hurry, almost as good as Joy.
This place has a big MEH over it. I want to like it because the location is very convenient for me. But I just can't. The food doesn't taste that fresh and the dishes are a bit luke warm. The restaurant is very small and simple, OK for lunch, but would never come here for dinner. The food is served on plastic/paper plates, which is fair enough, but because of that the prices could actually be a bit lower than what they are. With most dishes you get a bit of salad (lettuce and raw onion - Punjabi style?) wrapped up in aluminum foil. You get a tiny cup of raita which is probably the worst raita I have ever had. I'm a person who always gets raita with my Indian meal, but this one is so watered down that I'm acually wondering if they mixed water/milk into it. And hardly any cucumber in it. The napkins they have on the table are probably the cheapest kind you can possibly get, it's so sharp that I actually cut the corner of my mouth on it. They take Seamless orders here and every time an order is received in their system it's repeated by the computer voice, when I was there it kept repeating itself out loud every five seconds which made me think they are really busy with delivery orders. But I didn't see any delivery guys coming or going the entire time. To conclude, I can't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
I would give this place 3 stars if the people who work are friendlier. They are rude and the food is bad too. It is good if you are look for a quick lunch on a busy week day.I am an Indian and I have to say that the food here is not tasty, I see no reason why it is known for its food. They management should check their attitudes, I have never seen a restaurant where people who work rude.
Seeing some mixed reviews on this restaurant - was still willing to give it a try.  My top choice was Benares for Indian cuisine.  Problem is sometimes they are slow and pricey with regards to the portion you get.So one Sunday lunch at work I ordered at this place via Seamless.  Ordered their Prix Fixe Special consisting of Chicken Tikka, Tandoori Chicken with Basmati Rice.  Order a Snappel and 2 cans of soda.  I didn't expect much like I would expect the portion to be that of Benares but I was wrong.  The serving of the rice is 3 times that of Benares (which seems just like a cup).  So imagine being served 3 times that.  The Tandoori was a whole leg/thigh part and cooked to perfection and it was still moist and juicy in the inside unlike Benares' which is overcooked and dry though they give you the whole hen.  The Tikka is similar on both but Minar's serving is again 3 times more.  The naan from Minar is fluffier and better as well.I also requested for an extra mint chutney (I love this condiment).  Benares would usually give me two tubs (only one if I didn't request) and sometimes they forget and only give me one.  Minar gave me 6!  Plus a salad wrapped separately from the tikka and tandoori.  And it consists of crunchy lettuce and onions (Benares wouldn't even give me 1/4 of it)  Now that's customer service plus value!My meal was only $20 (w/o tax) and couldn't be happier with the portion.  The only thing I didn't like is they drizzled the curry sauce over the rice already and that meant the rice is already soaked in curry when I got it.  I would have liked it to be in a separate container which I can dip my naan into and would not be forced to eat the whole portion of the rice which would be prone to spoilage as it was already soaked.  (Reason for the -1 star).Overall, I'm ordering from Minar's from now on as I could still have leftovers from lunch for dinner or will really sate my hunger if needed.Will probably try to dine in next time and update my review if necessary.
This is a good place to go if you are just starting out on Indian food and don't like a lot of in your face flavor. You can use it to build up to bolder flavors of authentic Indian Cuisine. This place seems to get busy during lunch so I decided to give them a try.  I got the lunch box to go where you can choose two meats, one veggie side and a choice between naan or rice. $9.95I being a piggly wiggly wanted to have both rice and Naan! (an additional $3.95 for garlic naan)I ordered the chicken tikka masala and the lamb curry, with bhindi masala (okra) Garlic naan and rice.Lets break it down:Chicken Tikka Masala (Chx TM) - had the right color and consistency. All white meat chunks of chicken that were slightly dried out.  The sauce though it smelled like it had the full flavor that you would expect from Chx TM,  was some what lacking....good but not great.  I'm assuming that for the lunch rush they are just turning this out so the flavors really don't have time to develop.Lamb Curry - this smelled delicious, chunks of lamb so tender and succulent. It literally fell apart from my fork touching it.  Once again lightly spiced some what bland, development of flavor were lacking given more time to simmer this dish would have been a home run.The Bhindi Masala- this was amazing!!!!!!! I would definitely get this again. My veggies looked a little petrified and I had made a judgement prior to eating it but I'm sooo glad I got it because this dish ROCKED!!!! Full flavor the spice blend is just right and it wasn't dried out as the looks had tricked me to believe. THIS IS A MUST!!!!  Also this dish leads me to believe that the other veggie dishes on the menu might be worth trying so I will definitely come back for more veggie stuff.Rice was OKThe Garlic naan was really really really good! I was full but I didn't want it to go to waste so I stuffed it down my maw with gusto. NOM NOM NOMs  After tax I paid somewhere around $14.50 Would I come again: yes (to check out the other veggie dishes and the GARLIC NAAN. The meat not so much as it lacked that authentic flavor that is associated with Indian food)Service: it was ok not so great but not horrible:2. 2 1/2 starsVeggies: 4 stars Chx TM: 2 starsLamb Curry 2 1/2Garlic naan 5 stars rice: 2 1/2 starstotal 3.08 stars
Amazing food, I have been ordering from this place for a while now and its usually pretty quick. I highly recommend butter chicken!
The goat curry is nice and so is their dal makhni. They really need to work on their ambience and seating area. It's quite unwelcoming and not so hygienic.
all thumbs up for the food. not so great on the decor.its more like a quick bite than a sit in place.
An Ode to Dal Makhani:I just can't quit you, dal makhani.  I met you years ago in a roadside restaurant outside the airport in Delhi. You caught my eye right away as a safe dish that would probably not poison me. It was love at first sight. You are so simple, so straightforward. Others spurn you for these qualities, feeling you don't bring enough to the plate. They eye fancier, more colorful offerings like palak paneer, with its "cheese" and its "collared greens".  Fools! They are so easily led astray!But I know the truth.  These other dishes are nothing but the peacocks and flamingos of the curry kingdom, strutting brighter colors but offering what?  What have they that you do not?  Cauliflower?Garbanzo beans??Why cannot everyone see this truth that I see?  I feel so alone in this cold, unloving, random universe which scorns you as but another side dish, when in fact you are a Queen amongst Fast-Food Lentil Dishes. And as you are scorned, so too do I feel scorned, and so too do I order you when others do not, or in any case when they do so but with lesser frequency than your neighboring dishes at the counter here at Minar.Damnit dal makhani, I love you no matter who makes you.   I love you even when Trader Joe's sells you in a pouch and mislabels you as "Madras Lentils". I love you here at Minar. I love you.*******Forgive me, I'm at work.*******An Actual Establishment Review:Minar is a lunchtime counter with a dozen or so hot pans full of your typical Indian curries and buffet-type fare -- palak paneer, dal makhani, alloo gobi, etc.  Beyond this they have tikkas, biryani, mango lassis, etc.  They offer lunch specials -- eg get N veg dishes over rice or w/ naan, for such-and-such a price. I don't remember the specifics but N ~= 2 and it costs ~ $8 or in any case under $10.Despite my 4-Star rating, I should note many negatives here:- The actual ordering process is confused by the fact that the staff, while friendly, is almost comically unhelpful.  - The food often is not labeled, so it's unclear what they have on offer.  You can't always identify the food by sight--some dishes look alike.  - Seating is limited (room for maybe 10?) and you're probably not going to get any during lunchtime.  Come before noon or plan to take out.- The biryani is not bad but it's not "real" biryani, in that it doesn't seem that they cook the rice for a long time with all the other ingredients.  I came once with a Mumbai-born/bred friend and she noted this was more like NYC cart biryani, where the rice and meat/veg are mixed on the spot. If you're jonesing for cart biryani, skip Minar, go to Aamir Halal Cart a block down on 45th.- Eat frequently only at the peril of your soon-to-be-diseased heart.- Enjoy.
Great Indian Place. Good deal with the non-veg platters. Just have one request, please don't start communicating in Hindi when you see an Indo-Asian person or maybe you assume someone to.
Worst Indian food ever.. I ordered pav bhaji which was filled with oil and nothing tasted like pav bhaji.. Rice was not fresh, gravies had no taste.. never going back..
Great taste, clean, hospitable staff, looks to be a family run restaurant and prices are reasonable
I thought it was good for the price,  not much in the way of customer service and portions where skimpy.
Great casual Indian cuisine! They serve a variety of entries, "street food" like pani puri, and dosa.  Don't expect anything fancy (you will be eating off a paper plate) but the food can't be beat!
So yesterday I was in that neighborhood with a  friend after seeing a play and wanted some Indian food.   I read reviews on yelp first, and even with some mixed reviews I thought let me just see for myself.  OMG bad idea that was. When we got there, we purchased our food and proceeded to go sit down.  About 10 minutes into our meal, the guy that worked there told us they are closed.  It was 5PM on a Saturday.  Then he proceeded to close the lights.  So we said we are still eating, so he opened the lights back on.  In about 10 minutes, he came up to us and said sorry but we are closed and closed the lights again.  He said you may move your selves to another table where the light were still on.  We were sitting by the window, so the didn't want people to think that they were opened with light on.  That's why they asked us to move.  Fist of all that made no since at all, since he put a sign "closed" on the door.  Also if the lady that served us food told us they were closing in 20 minutes we would not have even eaten there.  I didn't want to get up and move to another table with all the food we had.  So we just ate some more in the dark and left the rest.  I mean how rude is that,  unacceptable.  They need to learn how to treat costumers.  Oh and the food wasn't that great at all, eatable but not tasty at all.
I can't help but feel ripped off when I do eat here. They're stingy with portions and not very friendly. The lunch lines do move fast though - I'll give them that. While the sauce for the chicken tikka masala is good - the actual chicken pieces are dry like sawdust. A plate of rice and a few carefully rationed scoops of curry will run you $8 but I continue to eat here b/c of the location from work. If you do have the time though - take the train one stop down to 34th penn and go to taste of india (right next to carribean kitchen) - the portions are much larger and they give you both rice and naan. For busy days at work - this place will do for times square
So so good for the price. We have been to other similar Indian places in NYC with better food and same price.
I was craving Indian food and was not disappointed by this place. When I looked in to find a lot of Indian folks eating in there I was excited and the food did not disappoint. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was yummy.
my wife and I went with friends visiting from out of town and we were really happy with the food, the service, the people who worked there.  I would give 6 stars if I can
Had Masala dosa here..Good and fresh dosa..small place but the food was nice..keep the work up
Ordered a Papri Chat and a Vegetable Biryani through Seamless. Halfway through my Chat, I found out that there were two dead bees in the food. Yes, bees. Disgusted, I put my food away and called the restaurant. After being put on hold multiple times, the only response I was able to get was that "they don't serve bees." Enlightening though that was, they didn't offer me anything else - no apology, no offer to re-send thec offending dish, not even a promise to speak to their cooks/delivery people to be more careful. An occasional mistake in the food preparation I can understand, but such a lax attitude to customer service and hygiene is ridiculous. Again, these were two whole bees in my food. I'm a little confused as to how to react because I've literally never seen this happen before. I'm not even sure how it happened at all. Are the cooks playing an elaborate prank on their clients? Does their kitchen double as a bee-farm? Did they think that my vegetarian diet needed some extra protein? If so, I wish they had asked, as I had just consumed a protein shake - we could have saved them valuable money by saving the bees for a surprise ingredient in another unsuspecting customer's dish.This is my first Yelp review, and I'm truly sorry to have had to write it - but for anybody who wants a restaurant that cares in the slightest about the hygiene that goes into preparing and delivering their food, I would stay as far away from Minar as possible.
I am a little surprised this place has as many positive reviews as it does. I felt like the food, while a decent price, was just ok & the staff was not friendly at all.
This in an Indian cafeteria. They have a nice assortment of appetizers from which to choose. The dosa was good as were most (but not all) of the items our family of 4 ordered. We almost kept walking when we got there and that would have been a mistake. Zero ambiance, you order at the counter but decent food at a decent price. Definitely not anything that anyone would consider gourmet.
Minar is the reason why every other Indian restaurant in the city that charges more than $10 for any curry dish just pisses me off given these guys can out-execute whatever everybody else can do for around $6-$7.Granted it is low rent and low maintenance, this place is consistently good and I have been coming to this particular location by Times Square for what must be close to 8 years now.  When there is a long line during lunch hour this probably does not work given they will be busy, but do not be afraid to ask the staff here to make the dishes more spicy if that is your preference.  They will take a serving back to the kitchen for you and throw on more chili in some of the milder curries.There are two other Minar locations in the city - my preference is for this location as the one on 31st Street just has disgruntled and angry staff who mad dog you as you order and gruffly rush you through your choices.  And although I order takeout from the 44th Street location more often now (given Seamless delivery range) location, there is something about the execution at this particular location that beats the others in terms of flavor.  First love, I guess...
This is a great place for a weekday quick lunch . My favorite is chicken curry and okra. The food is excellent . The reason for 3 stars is that the seating arrangement is very inefficient . I wish they could re arrange the tables to fit in more people .
Update: Since my first visit, I have tried their daily specials. And these are particularly good. Great deals, and definitely above average taste! They change everyday, but I haven't been disappointed by what I've tried on 3 of the 5 weekdays so far (yet to try the specials on Thursday and Friday!)
Terrible food. Everything had way too much salt - it was inedible.  I threw out my meal and so did my friend.  The staff was rude too when taking our order. Will not go there again.  Don't waste your money.
Worst experience ever.  We ordered for delivery, 1kurma with rice and extra nan, 1kebab with tika sauce and nan, and 1 dal sooup witu rice. When our food came, the order is missing the 2 nans, so we called back and ask to deliver the 2 nans. This fuckinh rude Lady told ask we just ordered 1 nan, well thats ok so I told her just send the 1 nan and charge as for the extra cause we paid extra anyways from a total of $27 we gave 31 so the extra nan is covered. But this crazy indina Lady told me I can't do that cause tip is tip I understand that but in thw 1st place who made a mistake is them not us right but she still insisting it doesn't work like that. Tell me if im wrong, isn't they supposed to be nice and just be ok with it instead of arguing with me which in the 1st place they the one who made a mistake.  Sorry to say im really pissed off how she reacted in this type of situation.  Worst costumer service ever.
Aweful place!  I ordered take out and they fill the container only half way !! When I called to complain she said it is like that hold on and hung up on me ! Very rude ! They should have charge me half the price. I will never go there again! Wouldn't recommend going there . Food wasn't even good . Worse place ever !
I was fooled!  Fooled by the 4 star average reviews on Seamless.  Maybe this restaurant pays Seamless to promote the good reviews and hide the bad.  I ordered my lunch at 12:40pm for a 30-min delivery and it arrived exactly 50 minutes late, at 2pm.  Half of the rice was spilled since the container wasn't closed.  No matter, it was so dry and cold that it wasn't edible.  The chicken tikka masala I ordered was simultaneously watery (the sauce) and dry (the chicken).  Don't order from here.
How do I put this kindly... the food is surprisingly good but the lady that takes the order is a total beeyotch!  Either that or she doesn't care to listen to the order then asks you to repeat a billion times, then mumbles her reply and when you ask HER to repeat herself, she sarcastically enunciates each word then throws a "dear" at the end. For example, "I said! What - would - you - LIKE! - dear?" Just because you throw a "dear" at the end of an attitude-y sentence, it doesn't make it "nice". I ordered the chicken vindaloo which really is delicious but the portion size is pretty small.  My search for local Indian joint continues. Recommendations are welcome.
Great little restaurant off the busy Times Square! Good priced meals and very generous portions that is delicious for visitors on a budget. The ladies that served us were very nice and they are very efficient and fast. I would suggest you know what to order before walking up to the counter they are very eager to get you in and out, which I really don't think is a terrible thing.
I go here all the time since its very close to work.  Its got a great lunch deal where you can get like 3 items for about $10 or $11 on their buffet type line.  This place is relatively cheap even for dinner.  Being Indian, I really like that a lot of the food here is more like home style cooking - some might not appreciate that but its a bit healthier and more comforting.  I usually get the chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, tandoori chicken, aloo gobi, or lamb saag.  The samosas are also very good (and cheap).  It has some seating for maybe 30-40 people, but its like a cafeteria, just as convenient for pick up.  They occasionally have fish tikka, which is also very good.
I was on the hunt for a good Indian restaurant to place an order for delivery to my office. For years my co-workers have been ordering from Basera. Their food isn't very good, terrible service, would sometimes take hours to arrive, we found foreign objects on more then one occasion in the food, and it is way overpriced. I was so happy to come across Minar Indian Restaurant. They're very nice over the phone, the food arrives right away, the price is good for the large portions, and most importantly it tasted yummy for take out food. Since I like variety I love that they offer a combination platter of one vegetable entree and one meat platter, or two vegetable entrees. I highly recommend ordering from Minar.
I've ordered Tandoori chicken, three times and every single time it was under cooked. I called to let them know and they sent another without too much fuss. The bad chicken was tossed immediately upon inspection and my partner is already ill after only a few bites. However, when the (same) delivery person arrived, he was beyond rude and refused to leave my doorstep, demanding the undercooked chicken be presented. After about 10 minutes of back and forth, the delivery man stomped off while yelling indeterminable things in the hallway. The dispatcher at the restaurant was dismissive and glib before hanging up on me. What a great place.....
We were visiting NYC and staying near Times Square and my wife wanted Indian so we went to Minar looking at the ratings. A very dirty and unhygienic feeling place. My advice is to get a take out, but not dine in. It is cramped and does not feel very welcoming.The food was below average, but not priced correspondingly low. There is no service so you have to go to the counter and order and pick up.I am surprised to see the 4 star ratings for this place, I can only imagine that this is by people who have no idea about authentic Indian food and prefer Americanized bland Indian food. If you are looking for authentic stuff, this is not the place.Pass.
Good indian food for comparatively low price. Indian thalis make a better option for bachelors and working population with an option to select rice or naan with  2 vegetables, raita and papad. Idli and sambar also taste good but strictly stay away from tea or coffee which are nothing but colored water with sugar..
This is a small hole in Manhattan but boasts of some of the best indian food i have had in usa.  The staff is warm and courteous and always have a smile.  The food does not burn a hole in the pocket and is very reasonable.  Come here for some good home style indian cuisine.
This is a quick weekday lunch joint. Food is absolutely fresh with naan or roti made to order while you are in line. The cuisine is mostly North Indian Punjabi. I would not recommend going for South Indian here. Cost is approximately $10 per head. You can get meat/veggie combo with rice/roti/naan.Seating arrangement is not convenient. You might have to eat your lunch with strangers. They need to have 2 people seating arrangement to solve their current problem. Overall the food and service is good.
3.5 Stars.3 Stars for the taste and 4 stars for the prices! This place is cheap for the quality and quantity of food you get!We got 2 entrees of goat chicken with rice and chicken tikamasala with naan and the meal was less than 20 dollars!Again the taste was not anything out of the ordinary, but it was definitely a decent meal and I would have no qualms about returning here.
Visited this place as an Indian-food-loving tourist.  What I noticed is how packed the place was.  I saw the long line and went to wait and was surprised by how quickly I got my food!  My usual favorites of naan, lamb korma and chicken tikka were more than OK, they were great!The kicker?  Paid about half price!Got out of there for about $25, unbelievable!
this is more of a 3.5 star place, and probably the best goat biriani i've had, but it was a little over-salted for my taste. It was nice and spicy and they gave me tons of bones that had sweet succulent marrow in it just begging to be sucked out.
Okay, so I've been ordering from this place like crazy through Seamless Web, and oh my.  MMMM.I work with a lot of Indian people who have to come and tell me what each thing is.  So, what I order now (since whatever I ordered before wasn't working for me) is kadai goat with naan, an extra side of naan, and samosas.  It's a huge lunch, with a little bit leftover for dinner but absolutely amazing!The goat is tender, flavorful, and just the right spicy to leave a burn on your tongue.  Combine this with the delcious naan, and your mouth is in heaven.  The samosas are also very hearty and pretty large in size (you get 2 for 2.25) and the chutney it comes with is sweet, tangy, and spicy.I would suggest the naan over the rice any day.  I also stopped ordering the combo as I feel like it's not as tasty for some reason.  I'll have to try the mango lassi next, as I've heard great things.
Certainly not a good place to have Indian food! Nothing good about this restaurant except its location (close to Times Square). Avoid! There are better indian restaurants within 10 minutes walk from here!
Easy to miss and kind of an eyesore it looks like a divey take out place, but you don't come here for the ambiance.The food is reasonably priced with generous portions. It's delicious no frills Indian food, seasoned well and nicely executed with fresh ingredients.I'm salivating a little from reminiscing about the food there.  There's a bunch of table to serve several parties s the place has plenty of room if you want to sit in and eat.The service is good and fast.Will definitely come again here or their second location on 138 W. 46th St. to get a quick, delicious, and filling lunch for cheap.
Stopped off for a plain naan. I plan to go back for actual food next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Amazing taste for what looks like a hole in a wall. great food and very friendly service. Right around the corner from time square. We ate there 2 night out of the 4 nights we were staying in a hotel at Time Square. The Biryani was amazing and the butter chicken was perfectly spiced for out 3 year old who does not eat anything spicy.
Good, quick solution for lunch if you are in the mood for some Indian food - everything is served cafeteria style, though they only have 4 or 5 curries to choose from. There are daily specials, which I didn't bother with since I was determined to get my 2 meat and 1 veg platter with naan. Good decision on my part! Chicken tika masala, ground lamb curry, and creamed spinach were all quite good. My only complaint is that I could have used more sauce to dip the naan with; otherwise Minar is a solid, cheap lunch fix if you're in a rush.
Thanks to the Delta Skymag, I was tipped off to this place. Since the article raved about the dosas, I had to try one. The spinach dosa was flavorful and huge, so you could split it with someone. I also tried my niece's butter chicken. It was as good as any I've ever had. I wanted to take all her naan and dip it in the sauce, but I controlled myself. The only "bad" thing was their mango lassi. The flavor was there, but for some reason, it wasn't cold. I had to go and ask for ice and it was better. I guess I'm just used to it being thicker as well. At any rate, for 5 people with drinks, it was under $50, for flavorful, fresh food. I'll definitely make a stop here whenever I go back to NYC.
Minar is my go-to restaurant for speedy lunches and solid Indian food that doesn't try to upsell every plate for $15+. I love how down to earth the ladies are, how consistently good their food is, how fast I can get it all, and best of all - the price! $7.50 for a veggie combo? Heck yeah!I recommend everything - for real. I've never had anything here I didn't like or wasn't authentic (or as authentic you can be for $7.50). My staples are the naan, saag paneer, aloo gobhi, and chicken tikka masala. I'm not a dosa eater, but they're amazingly huge and fresh.  There's a good amount of seating (please don't bring this back to your cube - people will either love you or hate you for the smell!) and they have free water and cups if a mango lassi isn't your thing for the day. It can feel a little cafeteria-like, but I promise the food and the value are great.
I've only ordered takeout from Minar so I can't speak to the dining-in experience. But the food is really delicious and priced right. I'm a big fan of their samosas, chicken shahi korma, and lamb korma. I'm not usually too fond of lamb, but the lamb from Minar is tender and not too gamey. The sauces have excellent flavor without being too rich or too watery.
I always love their food. Samosa is always awesome. But I didn't like the bhaji in pau bhaji. It was tatty but was not the pau bhaji's bhaji
I love Minar! It is a little gem that delivers to Hell's Kitchen where most Indian places of the city dont! I have had Minar plenty of times to recommend it. We always order delivery. It comes very very quickly. Ive had food come from them in like 15 mins!I mainly prefer Minar for my south Indian cravings. Its really really good for that. The main thing about south indian food is that the sambhar has to be good which is really flavorful, tasty and the right amount of spice. Samosas are great! love them. always get themPani Puri- would avoid as the pani is not tangy/tasty enoughShahi Paneer/ Saag Paneer- they are both alright. Not bad, but not the bestChana Masala- good!Idly- is alright. kinda tiny and not super softSada Dosa- Amazing! Paper Dosa- larger than sada dosa for take out. Yummy crispy and fresh!Mysore Masala Dosa- perfect spice levels. really really tasty.The best part is whenever we order some punjabi food, they always send an extra packet with some fresh sliced onions and lettuce. I cannot explain how amazing this tastes with the food. Its a very small but greatly appreciated touch!
A good way for me to never want to eat your food again is to make your sauce thin, and weak.  That was the case at Minar, and it's unfortunate.Yes, their delivery service is pretty good.  And the nan was fairly fluffy.  Even the rice was decent.  But if you give me a bad sauce, it completely ruins the meal for me.
I think it gives the best indian food at an unbeatable price..the place is not fancy but if you want to try something original and delicious definitely go here..i liked everything here but mutton keema was out of this world...
Just a block off the crush of Times Square and a neighbor to the Irish bars (packed on St. Patrick's Day), Minar is a great inexpensive and quiet dinner spots before catching a musical (the Book of Mormon.)  Huge selection from the steam trays, or pick, as I did, from the made-to-order South Indian specialties. Mmmm, masala dosa, a giant crepe filled with potatoes. The mango lassi was thin and sweet and bursting with mango flavor.  Not fancy, your food arrives on a plastic orange tray, but it's speedy. Also, the sign on the bathroom says "out of order" but it's a ploy to keep out the riffraff.
It is a good Indian food, but I reserve the 5 stars for the best. I have always ordered from there and never sat to dine-in, so I can't tell about the place. The food is taste good and the prices are great comparing to the location and quality. Will always order from them.
Great food!  The price was a steal for the quality of food we received.  We ordered the lamb bhuna and chicken tikka biriyani both with very tender meat.  The garlic naan was good as well.  I would definitely come back.
Great Home run business in Midtown .............Good quality North Indian food, specially Saag paneer, Rotis, Kebabs and Samosa...........The prices are dirt cheap and the quantity is perfect, I am a regular visitor when my Taste buds crave for good indian food.
Minar is Indian food heaven! It's always fresh and full of flavor. I have never been disappointed with my food here. I wish they had one uptown! hint hint...
Nice options for indian food right near a times sq and empire st building. Pick and choose options.  Staff is good and helpful.  Many options available.  Tea was horrible and nothing but hot water.
In the midst of the chaos that is the times square area, Minar is a breath of fresh air. No nonsense. No fuss. Just good Indian food served quick and at a great price. I got the vegetarian platter (3 curries, rice or naan, & raita) for $7.95. They have veg and non-veg options in both North and South Indian styles. This is the perfect place if you're looking for something quick, satisfying, and authentic. Plus you'll get a mini-escape from the crowds.
Solid 3 stars and a great little find in the middle of times square. We had dinner here before the show and I'm glad we chose this place. For $12 we got a plateful of dosa and other dishes that were delicious. Not quite as delicious as the restaurants in Curry Hill (ie Murray Hill) but for something convenient, pre-theater, in the middle of times square, this is a diamond in the rough
My go-to Indian ordering spot at work. Always order the mattar paneer (spicy) with rice and naan - about $11 for everything including delivery. Very satisfying. Enough food to last for two meals. One complaint: the food is greasy
Great food, decent prices and friendly staff! I ordered chicken tikka masala with naan and it was delicious; it's very cheap for the quality.
First time trying as I just stumbled upon it... Very good home cooking style Indian food. I had the goat curry, lamb keema and palak paneer with rice. It was really good.
Stopped by for lunch, Wednesday at 1PM. Long line, but moved rather fast, waited 10 minutes to order my food.You order and they put the food in the plate in front of you. Ordered 2 meats, side and naan.Everything I ordered was on the drier side.Chicken Tikka MasalaLamb KormaRiceNothing special about the Naan.
Great price and service with a smile. I had expected a restaurant, and this is more of a carry out place. They do have tables, but it's got kind of a cafeteria lunch-place feel. All food was delicious. Good selection on the menu and really, everything was great. The paneer was excellent and the malai kofta was the 2nd best I've ever had (Darbar [yelp.com/biz/darbar-new-… still wins).
Delicious Indian food in Midtown!  Who knew?  Strolled in at noon on a weekday and it was empty.  Within 30 minutes, 10 people came in.  Good sign.  You walk to the back and order.  Most of the food is on hot plates and you choose what you would like.  I had the goat curry, veggie korma, and saag paneer.  Delicious, flavorful, and nicely spiced.  $9 for all that food was a GREAT deal.  Service isn't amazing but it's usually quite busy and I imagine having 100 people ask you daily what that is and this is isn't fun.  So lighten up and enjoy!
Oh man.... where do i start with minar? Good food-check. Cheap prices-check. Fast service-check. Their food is the closest you can come to home cooked Indian food without the grease that is usually involved in every restaurant order. They understand that sometimes simplicity is key and they roll with that idea. That's why this family owned restaurant has two chains and both are packed during lunch! Hint:if you don't know what to try, just go for their cheap buffet. 2 meat items, 1 before option and rice/naan. I get minar everytime I'm depressed, stressed, cold or having a cheat day. Let's just say if i got miles for everytime i ate here, i could plan a trip to europe for the holidays
This is one of the best lunch options in Times Square. Working there for 9 months now, Minar has given me easy, affordable, delicious lunces on countless occasions. I usually get vegetables, not much of a eat eater personally. Though, I had this chicken from the lunch bar there once with red and green bell peppers and onions. The sauce was a bit creamy... it was KNOCK OUT. Cauliflower is great, chick peas are awesome, the mixed peas and carrots rock. The dosas are also REALLY good--and the soup and coconut sauce that are served with it. This is one of the few Northern Indian restaurants that does a great job with that Southern Indian cuisine. They have complimentary self-serve pitchers of water in the fridge :-)
The females are so rude and snobby! The food is blah. Sometimes it's good sometimes it's amiss.
I have no experience with the food at this restaurant. But I had an altercation with one of the restaurant's promoters. When I was walking down 7th Avenue and 46th Street a man come up to me asking me for a cigarette while holding the sign up of the restaurant. I told him I didn't have any, and he screamed at me saying, "F*ck you c*unt!" and then spat at me! I've lived in New York my whole life and never experienced anything like this before! I am a young woman, and I was very frightened. I walked away and quickly googled the restaurants number, and asked for the manager. She seemed to address the situation quickly, but not effective. I walked back later on and saw this psycho to continue to scream at people in the street. I was truly appalled that a manager would leave him on the street to represent the restaurant they work for.I walked into the restaurant and spoke to the manager personally and demanded for the owners number. She had nothing to say but that she would fire him tomorrow. I asked her if she was that desperate for customers that she would leave an unstable man on the assaulting random people in the street? She simply shrugged her shoulders. When I finally got a hold of the owner, he told me that his people told him the story, and was rushing me off the phone. He was not sincere. Just informed me that he finally fired that psycho. No one should be afraid to walk on a corner in Times Square.
To be frank - the owners are cheap and I feel like they are constantly trying to rip me, but more frequently my white friends, off. I'm Indian. I grew up on Indian food. I can't stand that kind of behavior by restaurant owners, but their food is sooooooo good. Especially for the price.It tastes a lot more authentic than a lot of other similarly priced joints (I recommend the samosas and the Chole/ Chana masala), and they deliver, which is a huge plus for those that work in the area.I've had coworkers complain that it's too greasy, but I've never personally had that problem.
Went there with some friends last week after a couple failed attempts to see Broadway shows.  One friend needed to erase the memory of some bad indian food the previous weekend, and she said this was one of her favorite places.  The staff wasn't too friendly. I'm a novice when it comes to indian cuisine, so I needed a little guidance as to what some of the dishes were, so I'm taking a star away for that.  But...$11 got me Chicken Tikki Masala, Saag Paneer, and Califlower and Potato, rice, naan, and a soda.  Everything was superb.   It's just another asian to-go type place, but there are lots of tables and chairs if you want to eat there.  To recap-Pros- Food and PriceCons- Service and AmbianceIf I find myself in times square and have a craving for some good indian, I know where to go.
I have tried Indian food extensively, and nothing compares to Minar.  The flavors are so distinct and as one of my Indian colleagues says "its like eating at home."  The Vindaloo is the best I've ever had.  I try other places but I always compare to Minar and probably will not go anywhere else.
I had made an order for food @1pm on 9/23/14. After 1 1/2 hour later and I still have not received my food. I am pregnant and was very hungry!  I tried calling the restaurant and some lady kept on hanging up the phone on me which really got me pissed off! Then I was told the delivery was delay because your restaurant was busy! What kind of service do you people have! I will NEVER order from here ever again and make sure no one I know ever order from here again!  I WILL NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO ORDER FROM HERE! YOU PEOPLE HAVE THE WORST SERVICE!!!
The worst indian restaurant i have ever been to. The chicken tikka masala, palak panir was the worst. The mango lassi tasted like water with sugar and fppd coloring. The restaurant was dirty too. I will never go there and suggest you not to go there.
Their food was really good, being from India I found some authentic taste. The counter cashier was also also good and considerate, being self service restaurant and the prices they have it make me happy that we didn't had to spend a lot of money for a great food. My friend ordered Kadi Pakoda and Peas-Potato and I ordered Chole Bhature, which all were good.
By far the best indian food i've had in the states. Its the closest you can get to the real thing. The menu offers a good mix of north and south indian dishes. Reasonably priced too!Being a south indian I can say the sambar is very authentic!
Taste - AmazingPrice - Decent pricingLocation - Right on Times Square. Easy to get here for tourists like me.Dont come here if you are looking for a great restaurant ambiance. This is good place to have tasty food for cheaper price. Especially for tourists to Times Square
Food tastes average at best.  It's cafeteria style Indian food. I am not sure why this restaurant has decent ratings.  Price is not competitive and expensive for the type of food you get. MEH!
Portions are pretty small.  The lady behind the counter was rushing us even though we were the only ppl in there.  She was not very responsive to my inquisitions of what food was in the hot trays.  very rude and unhelpful.  No service at all.The taste of the food was good.  The lamb had a good flavor of spice to it.
Best Indian food in the midtown food desert.
Visited New York recently and the night we got there my boyfriend and I were looking for something quick and easy nearby since we were tired from the long trip. This place was only a couple of blocks from the hotel and Indian food sounded good, so we gave it a shot. I had the lamb saag and my partner in crime had the lamb curry. We agreed that the lamb was very tasty and tender but felt the sauces could have been more flavorful. The naan was good but nothing to write home about. Service was fast and the prices were good considering what they could charge in NYC. I hate to say this, but I've had better Indian food in Utah, and all the other meals we had in NYC were a lot better.
The food was great. But when I ordered from using seamless they forgot a dish and told me they couldn't make it again and wouldn't deliver it.  I won't order from here again.
The batura was good and so was the tandoori sampler. Must say the kheema biryani was a huge disappointment.
this is by far the most mediocre indian food i have ever eaten.  i'm not talking about authenticity-- god knows i would know anything about that-- but i've cooked and eaten enough things in general to know when something that is supposed to be full of spices and herbs taste like nothing; and the difference between a sauce with sauce-like consistency and plain liquid that's never been reduced.the chicken tikka masala was almost inedible.  there was probably 10000mg salt in each bite.  the chicken itself was so dry-- how one manages to dry out any sort of meat in a stew-like dish is beyond me.  the sauce was not a sauce, it was basically orange-colored salt water.  disgusting.the chicken vindaloo was basically the chicken tikka masala cooked down.  it was the same exact taste, but even saltier (didn't think such a thing was even possible till i tasted it), with a very slightly thicker consistency.to top it all of, this was a delivery order that was supposed to take 25-40m.  it took an hour and a half.  i paid for extra naan and roti and both were cold like the temperature outside.i'd been craving indian food for months now, but this restaurant has managed to piss me off so much i'm now going to have to eat meals of indian food back to back somewhere else just to satisfy my appetite!!
I've been eating from here for many many years, they deliver and the food is pretty good, this coming from alot of my indian friends who introduced me to this place. The prices can't be beat and the speed is amazing. This is true indian fast food without compromising the taste. Everything from this place is good, whether it's any of the curries or a simple masala dosa.
Decent price and food quality. Hard to locate the place.service quality was acceptable. I will go again
I have ordered food from here at least twice a month for over 4 years...let me say they are consistently good and fast. I only had one bad experience here and I chalk it up to me ordering something of the menu which I knew would have been "Westernized"...chicken tikka masala. Lol! Every Indian should know not to order this from a Indian restaurant. It's like going to a Chinese restaurant and ordering sweet and sour chicken. My Dad has worked in NYC over the past 35 years and loves this place too....and he's probably the pickiest person I have ever met so it's saying A LOT.
Perfect place anytime! Quick and imexpensive  - we went both days in the city!
I've ordered twice from here now, and each time has been awesome! The food is cheap and wonderful, perfect go to during lunch while at work. It's hard to find new things when you have to eat out as often as I do that aren't really fatty foods. Delivery is quick and easy, and everything has always been correct! Will go to again and again!
I like this place... for weekday lunchs in midtown.  You can get a meat or veggie combo over rice or naad to go in less than 10mins.  My favorite is meat combo over rice, with minced lamb, cauliflower, and spinach.  Good stuff for less than $10 per combo!btw, delivery/seamless web version is no good.  they don't have the combo via seamlessweb.  which means it's more expensive per side + tip.  get Baluchi's instead if you want to order in.
Their tandoori chicken was amazing!  They would've gotten 5 but I had a 30 minute wait for my food.  Mind you this order was to dine in.
Very great takeout spot located a block from Rockefeller Center.  There are a lot of places to choose from, this place is real cafeteria style, but the cooking is quite good.  Don't expect ammenities though, it's real hole in the wall style.  But again you come for the price, and the great taste.  I had vegetable samosa because I couldn't eat a big lunch.  Yum!
A quick, fast, and cheap cafeteria-style option in the neighborhood. I got a chicken tikka masala on rice for $7. The curry was tasty, but I feel the chicken could've been cut into smaller chunks to absorb more flavor.
I'm sorry Minar, but this is by far the worst Indian food I've ever had. In fact, it may be the only bad Indian food I've ever had.The Chicken Tikka Masala was bland and dry. I also think I spied some dark meat in there. The naan was OK but didn't really have much flavor. The veggie dishes (Broccoli and cauliflower) tasted good, but that's because they were loaded with oil (which I happily mopped up to give the naan a boost), but it was painfully obvious everything was frozen.My friend couldn't even finish his meal. He said the veggie korma tasted exactly like alphabet soup. The palaak paneer looked gross and if we were betting men, we'd put the money on them cranking open the can from your local dollar general and dumping it on the plate.Styrofoam plates? The cheapest plastic-ware I've ever seen? God, this feels like a high school cafeteria...only this will set you back $12 with a drink.Please don't believe the 4-5 star ratings. My stomach still hurts from my experience there.
one of the WORST delivery experiences i've ever had. the restaurant took 3.5 hours to tell me that my order couldn't be delivered and that i had to walk there to pick up an order for 20 people on my own. the multiple people who picked up the phone to speak to me about my order cursed me out several times and told me to go F myself.  when i arrived, they didn't have the food ready. i waited 30 mins for them to put the slop into the containers. they messed up the order, too. papri chat was soggy. that means it was sitting there for hours. all of our orders of saag paneer was disgusting. the only thing that tasted decent was my chicken tikka masala. i will never order from them AGAIN.
Thrusdays is Fish Curry in a Hurry...Don't miss this entree...  two words:Garlic Naan
Authentic Indian food for less than $10 right next to the Times Square? I thought it was a joke at first, but then realized it was true. All the negative reviews posted by people here are probably because of the fact that the food is not 'presented' in a proper fashion. This is a cafeteria-style restaurant, so this place has zero ambiance, and food is served only in paper plates. People who might want to try exotic Indian food with lots of spices might return disappointed, as the food served here is very much similar to a home-cooked meal. If you want a decent Indian meal to quench your appetite without your wallet being hurt, this IS the place!!!
I don't give 1-star ratings lightly. But this was seriously the worst food I've had in a VERY long time. I got a combo plate with a chicken something and a couple veggie dishes. (They didn't have signs up, so the only one I know for sure the name of would be the Saag Paneer, which is generally one of my favorite Indian dishes.)The chicken dish wad ok, but certainly nothing memorable. It probably would've received a 2 or 2.5 star rating. However, I found both the veggie dishes to be completely inedible. I literally threw them both away. Mind you, I'm a bit of a compulsive eater, so for me to throw food away instead of absent-mindedly eating it takes a severe level of hatred.I also got samosa, which were warm on the outside and frozen on the inside. In fact, one of them was barely even warm on the outside! I thought about asking them to warm them up more, but by then I was so disgusted with the whole experience that I just threw them away.However, note that I was here on a Saturday evening, and this area has more of a weekday-lunch crowd than a dinner-before-theater crowd. So maybe if you go on a weekday at lunch it'll be better? I'm certainly not going to bother to risk it, though.
I used to work in the area of Minar. It's in the Times Square area and it's very convenient.For lunch, I always ordered the chicken tikka masala, naan bread, and samosas. Everything here is delicious and cheap for the location of midtown considering everything there is so expensive for lunch. Also, the chicken tikka masala comes over rice and they are generous in the portion size.You can't go wrong with coming here if you love Indian food and you like something affordable.
I discovered Minar last week, and have eaten there twice already. I order online and then pick up my order because I hate waiting in line for food. The first time, I tried samosas and mango lassi. The samosas are the best I have eaten in NYC and are half the price as elsewhere at $2.25 for two. Perfectly crispy and deliciously warm 30 minutes after I picked up my order! Because I loved them so much, I went back today for samosa chaat. It did not disappoint. The mango lassi was large and had just the right amount of mango flavour. I hate it when restaurants compensate for canned mangoes by adding way too much flavour in their lassis. Definitely going back to try their other dishes! PS: if you go post 12:30 pm without pre-ordering, be prepared to wait!
My favorite cheap Indian. I would avoid the prix fixe, however, the daily specials are excellent, and several of them are pretty much impossible to get in Manhattan. Have no idea how they manage to put out solid dishes from very different regions (I'm talking south indian one day and punjabi the next, maybe they have two chefs).Better for carryout and delivery though, the actual location is pretty clearly low-rent, and the service isn't friendly but they have to keep prices low somehow.
This meal was tasteless overall.  The chicken masala had no taste and the chicken was dry.  The cheese in the pureed spinach was dry. I got a combination order to go and everything was put in this one cheap aluminum container with the chicken, and my two choices of vegetables on top of the rice. I typically like to dip my naan bread in the sauce which comes with the meat but that was impossible as the rice was completely saturated by the sauce. I guess they're too cheap to buy plastic containers which are split into three separate slots to keep sides which come with a meal separated. The meat portion was rather small.  I think I got a total  three small pieces of chicken. Pathetic!  This was my first and last time at this place.  The  $11 which I paid for this meal which I didn't enjoy was no bargain.
If I had to write a review for food only then this place is a 5-star taster... but, crappy and tight table quarters make the ambiance not conducive to eating enjoyment.But, if you want to slap down some good Indian vittles then this is the place to go... I'll be back but I'll probable take the order to go...
I am not a huge Indian food fan.  In fact, you could probably say that I dislike most Indian foods, but this is because I have a very sharp sense of smell and that does not usually bode well with curries.However, i AM a huge fan of Malaysian curry (roti canai, anyone?) so I've been on the search for an acceptable Indian curry that I could eat since K is an avid curry fan.One of my co-workers suggested that we visit Minar since it was relatively close to our office.  This is a no-frills Indian restaurant that I have heard is very homestyle and authentic.  They have many, many different curries on the menu with vegetarian and meat (lamb, goat, chicken) options.I ordered the Chicken Shahi Korma, which came with either naan or rice and a small salad.  Simply delicious!  With the naan, it was very close to the roti canai that I love... I could definitely eat this again.  The boneless chicken was moist and not dry as you might imagine some curried chickens to be.  At $6.95, definitely does not break the bank and is in fact a very good value for a Times Square lunch spot.They also have the usual buffet style lunch, where you can pick your meats and veggies for the lunch special price.It can be quite chaotic here but they are efficient and fast.There is seating for about 20 people or so, but we decided to bring it back to our office cafeteria.
I love this place.. Quick, easy and amazing.Yes they can be a little rude and try to push you along at times but hey, who cares, you're there for the food not the service.My favorite plate? Chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, black lentils and rice... Yup, cant go wrong there unless you're one of those vege people, to which they still offer a nice selection.Some people gripe about the portions and I have eyed them while putting my plate together to have my heart drop a bit when I didnt see enough chicken chunks on there.. But at the end I am always stuffed and need a nap.Oh ya... I found out about this place through an article in a Delta Sky Magazine.. Thanks Delta!
Pretty decent Indian food for the area. I'm not sure how big the storefront is though, I've only ordered delivery from Minar.The prices here cannot be beat. Not only do they have excellent lunch deals but they have combos all day for about $9 to $13 depending on if you want meat or vegetarian options. I personally like their aloo ghobi and saag paneer, as well as the samosas. The tandoori chicken I tried once tasted pretty good as well, though the breast meat wasn't as moist as I would have liked. Minar is very generous with their portions, always providing naan and a ton of basmati rice when I order from them (although the rice is a little dry for my preference). Overall I definitely think there are much better places in the city for Indian food (EV and around Lex) but for delivery to my apartment in Hell's Kitchen this place is a safe bet.
I work across the street, so Minar has been an old standby for years. I have not found anything as worth the money as Minar. Their entrees range from $5.50 to $8, and they are more than enough for a meal with leftovers. The staff can sometimes be a little short with you (I might be a fat white girl, but I know my Indian food), but the food more than makes up for it. The ambiance is high school cafeteria, but since I always get take-out, it's not a big deal. It's no frills, but what they lack in atmosphere they make up in quality. I highly recommend their saag paneer. It is the best I've found in the city!
Minar has been around for yeaaars...and I have been stopping by at their place to for yeaaars..though not as frequently as I used to once upon a time..I know where to go to to eat better Indian food now.But if you need something quick and super cheap..Minar is the place to go..Their portions are decent and all their food is ready to go to be packed in containers.Only thing you ever have to wait for is the stuff from the tandoor like rotis,naans and kebabs etc.You cant beat their samosas at $2.25 for 2 pieces..Everywhere around the city they charge $2 a piece....We got saag paneer and navrattan kurma, chicken curry ,seekh kebabs and 6 samosas. Samosas and the seekh kebab were a hit..Saag Paneer had 2 pcs of paneer in the container and was pretty meh..Overall food was not bad and it cost us only $30.Not bad I say..
Minar is one of the best lunch solutions I've found in NYC.I always order the Chicken Saag Bhuna with a side of Garlic Naan and the ladies at Minar never disappoint.The prices are incredibly reasonable and the ingredients are fresh!  What more could you ask for in a speedy lunch delivery?Five Stars!
If you're a local who works in TSQ like me looking for tasty AFFORDABILE food that isn't Subway or Mickey D's come to Minar! Especially if you love Indian food like I do! I got Chicken Tikki Marsala, Lamb vindaloo & this amazing cauliflower & potato curry dish. So flavorful! I only wish I wasn't so full because I would've loved to have tried their samosas & naan. And its quiet here. No craziness of loud tourists.  Again great for locals.
This place is awesome. The chicken curry is very tasty,the samosas are good buy a bit greasy, the dall is great. You can't go wrong with this place. Great taste (not to spicy), you get a huge portion for the price, and the ladies behind the counter arte very pleasant and patient!!!
A SOLID 3 stars that I look forward to bumping up after trying more dishes.First of all, prices are CHEAP. $1 for a large piece of naan, $5.50 for a generous serving of Saag Ponir (my go-to Indian dish) and $6.50 for Lamb Ponir. The food itself was tasty, nothing mind-boggling, but quality nonetheless. The Saag is certainly within the top 10 I have had in NYC (& I've tried many).Furthermore, the delivery was quick and the phone service was polite and made for an easy transaction all around. I look forward to updating this one. . .
Great restaurant - cheaper food, tasty, and quick service. I used to come here a lot for lunch and the quality was consistently good.  Highly recommend if you like Indian food. Also, the food is not that spicy (which is a good thing) - there is another Minar around 31st street which has very spicy dishes.
I had a totally acceptable, edible, reasonable, non-stomach-destroying delivery order from here today.My main gripe, and a one star penalty, for totally un-environmentally-friendly packaging.  Pile of spoon and forks, *styrofoam* plates, and plastic tupperware-style containers for the curries.  Besides that, though, a good delivery order.
This is a great hole in the wall place. One suggestion is to go during regular hours, do not go to lunch at 3PM!!!! The lines move fast and you dont have to wait too long. The food is quite authentic and not modified to suit the international palate.
Went there tonight, but I won't return. Staff wasn't friendly and the tables needed to be bussed. I overheard another group saying, "When I was here before, it was clean." The chicken tikka masala was good, but not up to my expectations. The samosa was lukewarm at best.
Most of the time I have been there I have always eaten in, however today i decided to get it to go, man was it a big mistake. They simply dumped my choice of 3 curries and by the time I got to my office, it was ONE big slew soup.My suggestion, eat it there !
I've been remiss in not reviewing Minar, especially when I see that it doesn't seem to be getting the love it deserves.I've eaten in a couple of times - its true that the decor leaves something to be desired.  I really feel like I'm buying divey indian food in here - fortunately thats a good thing, since this is really, really good indian food.  Instead of eating in, I generally just order on seamlessweb and have them bring it to me, while I sit cozily at my desk waiting anxiously for one of my favorite foods in the world.  In fact, if it was a little cheaper (when I first when the lunch veggie plater was $6.95, then it rose to $7.95, and now its $8.95) I'd give it 5 stars.  As far as meat dishes are concerned, although I'm a meat lover I tend to prefer veggie Indian foods, since they do such lovely things with veggies, and so I've only tried the tandoori chicken and chicken tikka masala here.  Tandoori chicken was spot on; chicken tikka masala had the right sauce, but there was too much dark meat for me in such a rich sauce.My favorite order consists of veggie platter with shahi paneer (very much like chicken tikka masala, except with cubes of paneer cheese floating in it instead of chicken) and aloo gobhi.  I find it totally addictive, and thats why I keep sticking with this place even though they keep raising their price.  The only thing I have not been impressed by here is the chaat - its a little bland for me, and a little uniformly cold.  I prefer my chaat to have lots of flavors and sauces and different textures and temperatures of ingredients - but that is a small complaint, seeing as this isn't a chaat-centric establishment.Its also a generous quantity of food.  Big aluminum container of rice, seperate plastic containers of each curry, freshly baked and wrapped naan, lettuce/cucumber/pepper salad, and a little cup of cucumber raita.  Easily enough for two lunches for me (even though I shamefully gorge the first day), it could probably be enough for 3 lunches if I gorged a little less during the first lunch.  But its just that good!
The steam table junk is for the gringos...the real great stuff goes on in the back. Order a dosa and it will be freshly made and packed with deliciousness. Or try something off the normal menu and they will whip it up fresh.They are also pretty nice to a clueless office drone white guy who constantly mispronounces things on the menu.
Worst.  Delivery.  Experience.  Ever.  Order consisted of two curry dishes with rice, tea, samosas, and a side dish with naan.  It was poorly packed and as I opened the bag, I could see that curry was every where.  Curry was on other dishes, which made it greasy and difficult to hold.  The integrity of the food was compromised.  The curry dishes, one spicy and the other sweet, had mixed to create Evil Curry.  Evil Curry had disintegrated the napkins and brown bag.  The white sauces were broken in and mixed with the Evil Curry to morph into a foul smelling anti-curry.  This substance was everywhere.  It ruined everything.  The tea had spilled and mixed with it all.  Furthermore, the samosas were burnt and couldn't be salvaged.  Nothing got on the samosas, but quite honestly, I think it might have tasted better with the anti-curry.  The Great Curry Spill of 2015 also stained my white counters which I had to bleach right after.  I have never been so upset from an order.  I called to complain and they simply just did not care.  Will not be ordering from here again, save your counters, and lose a few lbs. from starvation.
A regular lunch spot for Indian food, more because of the convenience than the quality of food -- though the food itself is good; the naan is always hot.It's affordable, with meat and vegetable combos available in the buffet style service counter.  They also offer anything off their menu, including samosas and biryanis.Delivery is quick and pretty good too; online ordering available.
