Hands down, the best dosas & South Indian food in NYC. Ganesh Temple Canteen beats my two other dosa spots (Sapthagiri & Saravana Bhavan) hollow. Here's what we got:Masala dosa: crispy, buttery, with a supremely flaky texture and really delicious potato filling, served with dollops of coconut chutney & a thick steaming sambar = the touchstone of all dosas.Pondicherry dosa: Slightly larger than the masala dosa, with a very unconventional filling of farsan (a fried snack). I didn't care for the filling, but the dosa was good.Mirchi pakoras (spicy fritters): I didn't have this, but our friends couldn't get enoughBise Bhele bhaat (rice with curry powder): slightly spicy, slightly tart and very mouth watering Tamarind rice: Flavorful, tangy and fresh Filter coffee: on the milder side, the only mild disappointment Mysore Pak: soft, full of ghee and everything else that's sweet and delishWhat else you need to know:-- Served canteen style - spend some time studying the menu & the daily specials before you queue up to order-- you don't have to remove your shoes to go to the canteen-- All the above for under $30!! Yelpers are reporting that on some days the chutney is watery and sambar is served lukewarm. I hope that never happens when we return, because I will be really, really heartbroken! Verdict: Felt I was back home in India. Highly recommend you stop by if you get a chance.
The best Dosa I've ever had by a mile, and yet this place is not about the food itself. It's about the ganesh. You know, ganesh. Like, when you make some meat & potatoes, and you ganesh it with a little cilantro. Or when you make a salad, and ganesh it with Parsley. The reason it's known as Ganesh "Temple" is because dosas are really good for your head. Specifically to strengthen your temple. And the reason it's a "Canteen" is because they have yet to decide whether under 20-year-olds are allowed on the premises. The question: "Canteens eat here" is still up in the air. Hence, Canteen.What to get: Chili Masala DosaWhy: *The* best Dosa and *the* best South Indian food in North America.Expensive?: Are you kidding me. It's LESS THAN FIVE DOLLARS.Is it tiny?: It's freaking huge actually. It fed two freaking people.Why is it so good: I'll tell you in a second.Tell me something fun: Hmm... well I wrote this review while at Fawn & Fox Salon getting my hair cut.Do you want to make out: Yes, but let me tell you about the Dosa first.The dosa is so crispy yet fluffy. It tastes so dreamy, like a lightly spiced Indian crepe. It's wonderful by itself, but the pools of sensational sauces that come with the Chili Masala Dosa take it through the roof. Each one is flavoured perfectly with herbs and spices that are some of the best things I've ever put in my mouth, including *all* my ex-boyfriends.I came here looking for Cannoli. But they only sell Cannoli made with scary devilish invisible baby frogs. Hence the name "Ghoulish Tadpole Cannoli." I'm not interested in that, so I ordered Dosas instead.I'm not even a fan of Dosas. South Indian food has never done it for me the way, for example, Punjabi and Pakistani food does. And British Indian rules my world. What I discovered at Ganesh Temple Canteen is that I actually *am* a fan of Dosas. I *do* love South Indian food. I just hadn't gone to the right place yet. Well, Ganesh is the right place.I sometimes cover Elton John songs, but I never thought to speed them up. My friend Garland was the first to show me how to do that. In fact this restaurant is even named after the super-fast "Garland Tempo Candleinthewind."This Dosa isn't just good. It isn't just delicious. It's the ultimate. It's the gold standard dosa. It's the dosa to end all dosas, and until I had this dosa, I wouldn't have shed many tears if they did end all dosas. But now, it's actually one of my very favourite places in the whole country, not just for Indian food, but period.I know a 10 year old who smashes his Timpani (it's an instrument) in the most annoying way. I call him the "Garish Timpani Preteen". This restaurant is actually named after him.And it's not just the magnificent Chili Masala Dosa which means you *must* come here. It's also the incredible Decor. The canteen is inside the Ganesh Temple, so you can walk around and experience and enjoy an amazing, fascinating, awe-inspiring Hindu temple in the middle of Queens, before and after your meal. Make sure you take off your shoes in the places where it tells you to! Don't worry, you don't have to take off shoes to eat in the canteen.As an aside, this place is actually named after the commercial for that French shampoo, the one with the Lord Of The Rings guy and "Refugee" "Freefallin'" pie-chart guy in the commercial. Hence the name "Gandalf Tompetty Pantene."Anyway, at the canteen, service isn't great, but with these prices, and with this unbelievably good food, you won't care. Get yourself to Queens for some of the best Indian food you'll ever eat. North America's best Dosa. The best South Indian food you'll find anywhere.And apparently the most famous peaceful man in Indian (and perhaps world) history, thought that girls tasted like deep fried Japanese food. He was an expert at giving pleasure (as well as making peace), and this restaurant is named after his famous "Gandhi Tempura C***-eating."
Hands down the best South Indian food in NYC. I come here from the city (about a hour and half from manhattan on the 7) for the dosas. The paper masala gets much of the attention, deservedly soo, but the rava dosas are superb and delicious. The prices are absolutely affordable. Also be sure to visit the temple which is very well kept and incredible peaceful.
If you are looking for authentic, real good, feels-like-made-at-home-no-preservatives added-South Indian food, look no further than the Canteen at Ganesh Temple! They are open 7 days a week from morning till 9pm, serving DELICIOUS, DELECTABLE, FINGER-LICKING, MOUTH WATERING-HOT Dosas (all varities), Vadas (couple of types), All served with hot and spicy, fresh sambhar and fresh coconut chutney in just the right amount! I've tried dosas and other south indian delicacies in other places, but nothing compares to the yummy-licious food at the Ganesh Temple Canteen in Flushing, NY :o)
If you are going to pack food and the receipt says 3 idlis- learn to count and when I call you back and say there are only 2- don't argue with me. Learn customer service!
Wow, this temple canteen is definitely worth visiting! I've read a lot about the dosas from their kitchen and I've wanted to try them for a good while now. Problem is, my boyfriend and I get pretty lazy about going out on weekday mornings (dosas, after all, are meant to be eaten as a breakfast food) and there are quite a few South Indian restaurants in Jackson Heights that produce decent enough dosas. So it took us a while. But after one visit we immediately knew we would be coming back again when our dosa cravings need satisfying. We'll need multiple visits to try all their offerings but if it's your first time I highly recommend you order the ghee roast. I've never seen it on any other restaurant menu here in NY and it was actually the very first time I've had one myself. At first I wanted to share one with my boyfriend so we can try more dishes but he wouldn't do it. And as soon as I took a bite I understood why. It's amazing! If you already like paper dosas you would love the ghee roast as well! We also shared an uttapam, another new dish for me and it was reminiscent of Chinese or Korean style scallion pancakes. Truly, everything we ate was delicious! In fact, while my boyfriend and I both favor the coconut chutney over sambhar for dipping dosa in, we both agreed that their sambhar was the best we've had in NY. After the savory items we also shared some sweets to finish off the hearty brunch.This temple canteen is no frills and absolutely not fancy. But the food is authentic and simply delicious. So if you are looking to have a great foodie experience then come out to Flushing and check it out!
I always have mixed feelings about this place, is it a temple in which case all other temples given Prasad (blessed food) for free so why charge here? Is it a commercial establishment in which case it could be better. Some staff behind the till have a normal approach to taking payment but have observed one lady in particular snatch the money from people. This then takes away the sanctity of the place. Also its emphasis is South Indian food and yet in South Indian places around the world extra sambar or coconut chutney is never extra. Here I've observed when customers ask for extra the first thing they are quoted is the price. Menu is slightly different at weekends to weekdays. Dosa's are ok but sometimes cold when they come out and sometimes fresher. The one dish I'd say is excellent every-time is the top of the range mix uttapam, for people who don't eat onion they also serve a vegetable uttapam. Mango lassi is $2 but comes in a very small plastic cup. In Punjabi places tend to be a much larger thicker lassi.
Dosas! Glad I finally made my way out there... not glad that it's what I'm always craving for now. I actually think the batter and crisp on these are much better than french crepes. The masala dosas come out shorter than the paper dosa but they have such a delightful crisp on the outside and fluffiness just beneath. The canteen is so simple and nondescript that you just know you've found one of those quickly disappearing authentic "hole in the wall" places. Even with all the publicity lately, 98% of the people there are still locals who also worship in the temple before. It's an experience and one that definitely should be had. Service is quick and although intimidating at first, they aren't out to bite. The line, although long, moves very quickly. Besides, it gave me enough time to decide what I was going to order.Ordered:- Hyderabadi Spicy Masala Dosa: Has a green chili spread on the inside and folded over into a triangle. Bowl of masala on the side. This was flavorful but not much of a spice kick despite the warning on the menu. I loved breaking off a piece, scooping some masala, and dunking it all in the mint coconut chutney. YUM!- Masala Dosa: I ordered this just to see what the standard was and I was almost expecting something a bit more plain. But this definitely delivered and is just as crave worthy. - Mango Lassi: Delicious. Small but it's only $1.50 so maybe get two? It's a little on the lighter side and a bit sweet but no complaints. - Mango Kulfi & Malai (saffron and pistachio) Kulfi: BEST ICE CREAM EVER. Refreshing on a very very hot day. Not too sweet like other kulfi's I've had. The mango one has a great smooth creamy mango flavor. The malai one has a floral creamy feel with a bit of crushed pistachios and almond throughout to add some texture. Also $1.50 and worth every bit.   I can't wait to go again and try the onion masala dosa!
You enter through a nondescript door on the side (There's the main temple entrance but unless you're interested in visiting the temple and being hit up by the priest on the virtues of god and the beauty of hinduism i'd avoid it. That said it's a good experience if you've never been to a hindu temple and theres no pressure to convert) and descend down a flight of stairs (why are all good things in the basement?) to a brightly lit room with the aromas of spices and sauteed vegetables. You hear the sounds of crisp dosas cracking under eager hands and the general milieu of a south asian eatery.The dosas are the go to item here - pick one. The masala dosa is the crowd favorite. A crispy and thin savory rice batter crepe with a turmeric laced potato filling served with a tangy lentil soup daal (sambar) and a coconut chutney. The Rava Dosa is a pock marked bundle of joy made with semolina instead of rice batter and served with sambar and chutney. Available with the potato filling as a Rava Masala Dosa.Order another dish as a starter - The Idli (savory steamed rice cake) & Vada (Savory fried donut) are a great choice or try the Upma - tough to explain but your taste buds will get down with it.Finish with a chai/coffee or one of the deserts. Sheera is similar to Upma but sweet so if you've done one skip the other unless you liked it soo much that you gotta try it's sweeter cousin.Ganesha is well known for his love of food and he would be proud of the Ganesha temple canteen. I believe most of the staff are volunteers and so you're giving back to the community with your business.
Ganesha temple canteen was started for preparing the Naivedyam or offering for the deities during poojas. The prasadam  (food) from the canteen was so popular among the visitors that the canteen started offering the food to the devotees and any visitor to the temple. The food here is traditional and authentic south indian vegetarian food at a price lower than you would find at most restaurants. The canteen is kinda hard to find especially for a out of town visitor like me but nothing deterred me from discovering the canteen and I had to have the dosa and curd rice :) The dosa is buttery, crispy and went well with the sambar and chutney. The curd rice and pickle was also a big hit. Great place to get authentic south indian food in Queens NYC
All of their Dosas are really tasty. It's a bit on the oily side, but i usually come here once a month so who cares. I recommend not to go to the Dosa Hutt next door as they're not too big on hygiene over there and their sambars are a bit watered down. Also make sure that you hit the canteen up on the weekends as they have special lunch deals on Saturday and Sunday!
This place is a true gem of New York. The food is outstanding, it's cheap, and you leave feeling full. They have so many authentic foods that I have never had before in your standard Indian restaurant so it was fun looking around the room seeing all the different edible possibilities.
The most authentic South Indian vegetarian food I have had in New York City!! I cannot begin to describe how nostalgic this place makes me feel. Studying in the city, me and my friends often hike down to this place during weekends to get our dose of monthly nostalgia.
Authentic.Delicious.One bite returned me to my father's native India. Anyone giving this place less than five stars isn't grounded in reality.Five stars.
I got the mini tiffin which is a Saturday special that includes a bit of everything. I know nothing about Indian food but the mini masala dosa I got was really thin and crispy. Next time I'll just get that as a main. The coconut chutney was also good, and not as sweet as I expected. I can just eat it with a spoon. The gajar halwa was actually not the best I've had, since I prefer the carrot to be roughly chopped so the pudding retains some crunchy texture. Service is awesome. The place is really clean but the bathroom has some fly problem.
Amazing food. My Pondicherry Masala Dosa was outstanding. Great service also. Drove from Pennsylvania and the time we arrived ample street parking ( lucky for us). Everything was above and beyond food wise. Thanks!
Excellent place to get quick meal. 1) Everything here is vegetarian. 2) The food is mainly South Indian. I like their dosas. 3) Also try the Indian beverages like the mango lassi, Madras coffee, lychee juice, etc.
The food here is great! Super cheap & delicious! The canteen is in the basement of the temple. Enter from the Holly ave entrance & follow the sign to the canteen. The dining room is pretty big. We were here around 5pm & it was pretty empty. We got the masala dosa, the onion dosa, & the vada. They were spicy & flavorful! Compare to Dosa Hutt which is next door, the potato in the masala dosa has slightly less flavor. We're not saying it's bad. It's still crazy delicious! The portion is pretty good. We spent around $13 for our meal & we were pretty full. If you want to use your credit card, there is a 50 cents surcharge. As for the service, it was good. The lady who took our order was polite. This place is definitely worth visiting. Good food & great value! Highly recommended!
Just had a paper masala dosa here tonight with sambar and chutney. Very yummy and for only $7 - such a great deal.
Have returned a couple times. On balance, I have found the idlis, chutney, and dosa to be truly legit. No one gets sambar right in the USA (drumsticks anyone?), so it us hard to single them out for falling short here.
You simply cannot get any more higher quality authentic South Indian food. It happens to be VERY cheap but even if it wasn't, it is by far worth it. The Dosas are top notch. The best that I ever had.
Best south indian. Super out of the way, but if you can make it here, this is so much better than any dosa options in the city. They need to work on their desert options though, they taste terrible
The Hindu temple... What else can be said!!  Amazing food, authentic, spicy, yummy!  I have been going here any time I'm in NYC - way better tasting and larger portion and cheaper than curry hill in Manhattan.  I love the chili dosa, and the fiery sambar.
Temple canteen is highly recommended they provide traditional Indian style vegetarian food for a low cost price they are non profit. All this was only $20
This is one of the great food values in NYC, hence the five stars.We discovered this place when we went to visit the Temple gift shop for a statuette after eating at Dosa Hutt. The canteen is located in the basement of the Temple and has all the ambiance of your high school gymnasium.The crowd seem to be mostly local, with the odd lot of hipsters.You order cafeteria  style, and the process is somewhat confusing. There's a video menu, but there are specials posted on handbills, so if it's not too crowded, give all of the menus a good perusing before making your choice. You pay, get your number, find a table and approach for your grub when the number's called. It's well organized, for the most part.We went with a ghee roast, the Hyderabadi dosa, and a vegetable uttapam. Also tried a masala chai, and halwa. The dosa was filled with a spicy green chutney. Masala was a $1 add on, sambar and coconut chutney were included. The dosa was crisp and delicious, the sambar was thicker and tastier than Dosa Hutt's, and the green coconut chutney had more zest. I had ordered a ghee roast on the basis of favorable Yelp reviews, not knowing exactly what it was. Here it is a buttery dosa, folded into a pyramid, with the same masala, sambar and the chutney on the side. For some reason the uttapam was delayed, but it arrived large, fluffy, tasty and greasy, more ample than the ones I have had in the City. The halwa was so rich and sweet we could not quite finish. The tea was on the mild side, with a bit of milk.All this provender for $23.00. You won't need much dinner if you lunch here.
They have the best south Indian food in all of NYC. Hands down, if you're craving some masala dosa or pongal this is the place to go!
Great Food, Great Prices. If you want to dine in and eat your meal with steel cutlery and fancy plates, look away. If you want good food and reasonable prices this is the place. The dining area itself is nothing to get excited about, in fact it isn't that great. However, the food will blow you away. The dosas are a must. They also have incredible mango lassi. A good "no frills" joint.
No frills, great food, great price. Hidden gem in the basement of a Hindu Temple. Here, you find a nice variety of Southern Indian vegetarian fare. The samosas are not the best, but the dosas are amazing. Pick your favorite dosa, wash it down with a mango lassi and finish it off with a rasmali, you will be one happy camper.
Food tastes good but they put too much baking soda in the food when they prepare which gives good taste. When ever i eat in the temple canteen my stomach gets upset. So i highly recommend to have food in Dosa Hutt (instead of temple canteen food) which is located next to the temple. At the end of the day the only food i liked there (Temple Canteen) is some fried items (mixtures) and a cup of coffee.
Really awesome, authentic food! Well worth the trip. Staff is very sweet and friendly. Everything tastes delicious, and if you like spicy food, the chili masala dosa is amazing. The paper masala dosa is also really delicious and super thin and crispy. The Ganesh temple canteen is Flushing's best kept secret, and the dosas are the best I've had! It's also very cheap too! Open every day until 9:30 pm. Don't forget to grab an imported almond drink or a cup of their homemade chai! :)
How does one place go from 4 stars to one star????The chutney was watery without taste and no salt. Sambhar served cold. Idlis served like a rock. This was I repeat THE BEST PLACE TO EAT "once upon a time ". The lady at the counter was good. But he kitchen staff was totally uncooperative. I will stay away.
It's not the greatest dosa I've had but it was a great one. Umm.... get the hyderbad spicy masala dosa. The green stuff (chutney?) inside was unique and brought some heat. The ghee dosa is kinda too plain but get's better as you eat it and it's stronger umami flavor starts to gel with your sambar.The utthapam is kinda mushy though so stick with the dosas. They're huge anyways.Also, the dosa place upstairs must be pretty good to compete with this joint. They should have a head to head dosa off.
This was my first time trying south indian food and I absolutely love the dosa's! Consider me a lifelong convert. I had the masala dosa and manga lassi, food was cheap, quick, and delicious. Ambiance is like a school cafeteria but I didn't come here for stare at the walls. Best thing is this place is all vegetarian. Support your local vegetarian restaurants!
I think this place was too authentic for me. Read on to hear more about my ignorance. Haha. We shared a special super spicy green masala dosa, a regular masala dosa, a plate of vada, and a onion and chili uttapam. It was so spicy that I could barely handle my meal. I generally do enjoy spicy food, but wow. For me, the hotness was mostly only flavorful in its hotness, so the experience was sort of mono-dimensional to me. Again, I have to reiterate that I'm not very familiar with dosas and uttapams - I'm mostly used to North Indian style dishes. No table service here - order your dishes in classic cafeteria-style. Despite that, the people who work at the cashier are really friendly, and even though most of them can't speak English terribly well, they try their best to help you order if you're confused. When we were there, there was also a younger girl working the counter whose English was good, and she was the most helpful of all. When we sat down, an Indian woman behind us told us about her life and her own cooking. She explained more about some of the dishes we ordered and went on for a while about her fully stocked Indian pantry. Even though everyone here is Indian, there really isn't a feeling of being excluded for not being Indian, which is fairly uncommon in Queens in general, IMO. I love to cook myself so I also purchased two bags of spices, ground Rava and Sambar. Looking forward to using them in my own dishes. My boyfriend had a spicy shit afterwards. (He wanted to make sure I mentioned that.)
Thank goodness for friends with cars! We came out Sunday around noon for the famous dosa. For other first timers, the entrance on Holly Street takes you down two flights of stairs to the canteen (you can keep your shoes on with this entrance). I found everyone friendly, the lines short, the food cheap, and the dosa spectacular. We tried four different dosas (bring breath mints if you get the onion special) and one of the rices, which made me instantly sweat. I thought the sambar was tastier here than at Saravana, which I love. Even the samosas, not really the star dish, were better than the takeout I usually get in BK. Highly recommend as a part of a day trip to the Queens Museum or World's Fair park.
If you prefer good food, then you prefer this spot. I don't really know what authentic means any more, but this place feels like it is. It's super cheap and really yummy. Obviously don't expect a fine dining experience, there isn't any table cloth or anything like that, but expect to be blown away by the quality of the food.
Price can't be beat, delicious food, different style than the "Indian" restaurants here in Florida. Simple cafeteria style dining area downstairs from the temple. Don't skip the lassi! Worth the bus ride and short walk.
It's quite a trek to get here from Manhattan. You'll have to take the 7 train into Flushing then jump on a bus or walk 15-20 minutes. But when you eventually arrive in the unassuming Queens neighborhood, you'll be rewarded for your efforts with delicious Southern Indian food. Underneath the Ganesh Temple there's a canteen that serves authentic, reasonably priced (cheap) grub. The dosas here are some of the best I've ever had and the sides are equally good. The paper dosa is quite impressive since it's so big that it requires two plates to hold it. I didn't really know most of the things I was eating, but I enjoyed it all.This place is for the adventurous foodie who is willing to venture a bit outside their comfort zone (literally and figuratively). If you have an Indian friend, it might be a good idea to bring them as the workers, while friendly, will not provide much guidance.
We had been there last Thursday. The canteen is in the basement two floors below. Signboards warn people stating "Dosa Hutt is not temple canteen" . The canteen serves South Indian food. We ordered masala dosa, idli and coffee.Masala dosa is as authentic as it can be! Crisp dosa cooked to perfection accompanied with tasty potato masala. Sambar was the very good! Idli is steam idli that I had last eaten at Bangalore, India. The price we paid was less than 12 dollars. The canteen is cheap and it serves very good food. I envy people living around it, if it was me, I would never find the need to cook at home.
Fab crispy dosas and nutty veggie lentil stew. Healthy (ish) and tasty too. Dirt cheap. It has an interesting ambiance with various Hindu shrines scattered about, watching you inhale a boatload of food. Great occasional breakfast spot. Keeps you full.
No frills joint. The dosa is very authentic and filling, and best part is it is CHEAP. Since this is prepared in the temple, they actually take the time to make the dosa. Doesn't taste too salty and processed like in the restaurants. Got the masala dosa and madras coffee for $6, which is very reasonable for NY.
Best masala dosa in Queens in my opinion. The mango lassi cost $1.50 and tasted great. The portions are perfect, not too little, not too much. Yes, you have to take a bus to get here, but it's not a big deal. The ride itself takes like 5 minutes from the Flushing subway stop, even with the stops in between, and when I went, I didn't have to wait more than 3 minutes for the bus to come because this is a fairly busy area.
Th BEST place to have Dosa in all of NY is here. The food is authentic south India and the meals are all vegetarian. They also have a variety of rice dishes. So come hungry and leave happy.
An amazing inspirational place of worship and food. I met up with my friend Lagan and her husband. We took in the amazing Hindu culture and religion and then headed straight to the food. The food is all vegetarian and meat isn't missed at all. I had a Mini Tiffin, which is really a little of everything. With coffee and a water, it cost just $10. This will stuff you, no doubt. I'd recommend going with a friend to share in the experience. It's an amazing place. Regarding take-out - they have it. I'd say that it's ill-advised to take-away any of the dosas, as they will not hold up their crunchy integrity. But several other items are possible for decent, cheap and delicious Southern Indian food.
If you want authentic south Indian food at rates that do not pinch your pocket at all and where hygiene is top notch where preparation of food is concerned. . This is the place to go to. Period.Must have is the rava masala dosa and the uttapam with onions, chilli & tomatoes (not on menu but they'll add the tomatoes if you ask them)Try the yoghurt rice. You will love it.While in line to order food - pick up the sweet & savoury bits - Puran Poli (ask them & they'll guide you) is a must have!! And the murruku (crispy rice sticks). Enjoy that while you sip that Madras coffee and you're in heaven!  Enjoy a satisfying meal for under $7 or feed a party of 4/5 for under $35. #EnoughSaid.
Eating South Indian is a must for us whenever we visit this temple. N y not! The temple canteen serves a host of disaster, idlis, vadas n Uthpams. Everything is fresh, tasty n simply delicious. I particularly like their rava masala dosa n paper dosa.
My go-to place for a good, cheap dosa and other Southern Indian eats. This is a non-fussy cafeteria space in the basement of the temple where you go to the counter to order (bring cash, there's a surcharge for cards) and seat yourself. Dosas range from $4-$6, which is much cheaper compared to sit-down Indian restaurants (restaurant dosas can cost up to $13) in the city, but is of the same quality, if not better. Great option for vegetarians!
We visited the Ganesh Temple Canteen based on a great article on Serious Eats NYC. and it was a highlight of the day in Queens.  The food is very affordable and quick.  More importantly, it is delicious.  The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming - can't wait to go back!
The Ganesh Temple Canteen has some traditional Indian Food from south India. The staff is friendly and pactience enough to try to understand you.The price of the food is pretty cheap and you can eat for a low price..They have also typical Indian dishes and drinks like a Almond milk drink ( Badam) and your regular sodas like Coke, Sprite.) The food was really good and you can tell they make it personal to make sure the food is good. I can not wait to come back again.
Inexpensive awesome Dosa treats! Wow, I'm so glad I took the drive out to Queens for the experience of eating in this canteen. It's a great spot for dinner and the butter dosa is delicious. Everything is vegetarian here so skies the limit when ordering.
My parents and I have been going here for years, ever since I was a child probably, and the food is impeccable. The dosas they serve come in a large proportion that is sometimes difficult to finish, but amazing nonetheless. My absolute favorite is the tomato uttapam with the coconut chutney and sambar. However, the uttapam is saturated with oil and sometimes difficult to finish as well. The mango lassi is amazing as well and all the food is very, very affordable. The vada and idli are the best I've had and the madras coffee is good as well.The staff are very friendly. The seating is simple and the canteen is generally crowded with families and is very clean. Everything on the menu is vegetarian and fills you up. Definitely worth going.
Want cheap indian food...come hereDon't mind sitting in a school lunch room setting...come hereWant to try indian food for the first time...come herewant authentic indian food...come hereyour date wants indian food...come here (she will be impressed)if you are a vegetarian...come hereif you have no sense of direction...don't come here because you will be frustrated looking for this place (its not visible with the eye)the lines here can be long...don't expect to see non indian people here, because it is rarely knownthis authentic indian place is inside a temple...literally, when you are inside...if you can magically find the "temple canteen" sign, then you are on the right path, when you follow the signs, it was kind of dark and you say to yourself "am i going to get kidnapped here?" like you see in the moviesthey have mosa, dosa (large variety), rice, drinks, you name it, they got itWe had the:Poori - some sort of puffed up flour which is fried and you have chickpeas as a dipping ($5.50)Paper dosa - a large sheet of baked crepe (at least that is what it looks like to me, comes with a green coconut curry and a mild dipping sauce) $6Pondicherry Mosa - its similar to a crepe, has potatoes, hot spices, onions inside, is very goodVada - its like donut shaped fried dough that comes with idli (some sort of bland flour, like the chinese montau) and some sort of sauce (i don't recommend since its pretty doughy)tamarind rice - some sort of mild curry rice with peanuts $2 yummy very good, i can eat like 5 boxes of these, you don't order this, its on the counter for pickup, also available are all sorts of fried goodies you can pick up since its next to the rice)Kulfi pineapple or coconut Popsicle stick $1.00 (pay before you get this, its on the side next to the cashier in a fridge, i think the price increased from $1)Mango lassi (some sort of mango creamy drink) - $1.50i would come back here again because it is good, cheap, and there menu has a lot of variety
I hate to give this place a temple a low rating but this review is solely on the canteen not temple itself We come here religiously on Tuesdays for the past 6years and honestly the quality of the food has gotten worse over time. I often get sick after eating the Pondicherry dosa and have tried to mix it up with other dosa but they all get me sick. I don't know why we keep coming here I guess it's to help the temple. I would definitely check out dosa hut upstairs.
I broke my ketogenic diet to have one of their butter dosa. It was worth it
This place is unique. The temple itself is awesome (and by the way, Ganesh is a cool deity) and the food is delicious. And very cheap. Somewhat of a hike so bring good walking shoes. A very cool experience with very good, cheap chow.
Temple Ganesh Canteen, I love you. Was lucky enough to be invited to a wedding here over this past week, and let me tell you it was awesome. I've been to Canteen on a number of occasions and I've loved every visit. Never having been to an Indian Wedding, it was completely eye opening, the outfits and decoration were so ornate. Lunch was catered by the Canteen, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..
If you consider yourself a foodie, you absolutely MUST come here and try the authentic vegetarian Indian cuisine being served up at the Ganesh Temple Canteen. I'm not normally the type of person who's interested in vegetarian restaurants, but the time I spent here was less about the food and more about the experience. Not to mention, the food was really good.I'll admit that initially I was intimidated. I'd never been to a Hindu temple before and it was particularly busy when we stopped by. And it was clear to anyone observing us that we were clearly not regulars and had no idea where to go or what to eat.But the people here are among the friendliest and most welcoming that I've ever met. Noticing that we were out of our element, and realizing that we wanted to try some of everything they recommended we try their sampler. Out came a tray with small portions of maybe 6 different dishes, all of which were very different than the Indian food I'm typically accustomed to. And they were all quite tasty!The mess hall style of dining allows you to mingle with the regulars. And you should! I struck up a lovely conversation with an older woman who recommended several items to me than aren't even on the menu but that they actually do provide. Everybody smiles at you, and you eat amongst families that have been coming there to both eat and worship forever, and you leave happy.
I am from Tamil Nadu, this place has exceptional good quality South Indian Tamil food at very reasonable price.Best food in New York, much better than Saravana Bhavan.
Came here with a group of friends. I normally don't hit the vegetarian joints but this place was highly recommended. In the basement of a temple and event space the food is served cafeteria style. No feelings of being out of place or pressured as the servers were super nice and those eating were very welcome and willing to make suggestions as well.Ordered a onion and herb dosa that came with some side condiments. Super spicey! So i let it be light on my dish as it'll overpower my palate. Very traditional and affordable. Also had a samosa which was my favorite filled with veggies. Fried up well and delicious on the inside. Ended the meal with a mango kalfi which was like a Popsicle. If your looking for traditional Indian vegetarian food that's affordable this is one of the places i would recommend.
Great food, but service is a bit lacking.I got a mini tiffin. It came with a wonderful and aromatic sambar, along with a tasty dosa and dipping sauces for it. There were also a variety of chutneys. It's a very good deal, getting a huge tasting platter for just $8.However, I wasn't so impressed with the service. The meal comes with a free drink (tea or coffee), but they forgot and I had to go back and request a cup. The staff is also not very polite.
My review is going to be more like a Dictionary, since I'm not so familiar with Southern Indian food (besides dosas), and I noticed that not many people had descriptions or recommendations of what to order. I went there for lunch with 2 other people. FYI- Dosas and Uttuppams are only available after 4pm on the weekdays apparently! (at least not on a Tuesday). And they only had a partial menu for lunch (the left menu). :( I will have to go back for dinner. Enter at the Holly Ave. entrance, there is a door and stairs that lead directly to the Canteen.We paid $22 total ($7 each) and ordered: 2 mango lassi's, 1 chai, 2 combo Appetizers (Idli & Vada), Upma (good, had a cous cous-like texture, mild spice), Ven Pongal (a little bland and too mushy, flecks of cumin? seeds), Bisibelebath (very good, flavorful w/ some spice, crunchy rice crisp topping). And had enough leftover for 1 more person.They had a lunch special for $8, which we should have just ordered. It was a little of everything & extra condiments. I also want to try the "grasshoppers" vermicelli dish next time(after 5pm), that Anthony Bourdain ate.A Dictionary:Dosa: (crispy crepe-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do…Uttappam: (pizza-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ut…Idli:  (white bread-like? but black lentil flour)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id…Vada:  (donut-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Va…Upma:  (mixed tamale-like?)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Up…Pongal:  (mixed rice)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Po…Bisibelebath:  (mixed lentils)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bi…Yogurt Rice:  (rice cooked in unsweetened yogurt)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yo…Madras Coffee:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_filter_coffeeMango Lassi: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La…  Mango Kulfi: (ice cream w/ cardamom):http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kulfi
This time I thought of trying some vegeterian food as a part of diet., but this place is freakn awesome. I ate whatever I could. Thier Mysore masala dosa, vada nd rava kesari is the best combination. Only negative I found was the bhajji was too spicy, I never knew the use jalapenos for bhajji. Overall it was a good experience. I will come back for sure.
I can't write a proper review because unfortunately I could eat only the paper dosa and the butter dosa. ALL THE OTHER DOSA HAVE CILANTRO. I thought other Indian food lovers/cilantro haters should know this before going since the menu they have in the canteen doesn't  explain what the ingredients are.
My Idian friends recommended  to visit this place for South Indian  food. I came to this place with  my friend.  We went down  to the basement  for this cafeteria type of restaurant. There were  some  lines for orders.  I ordered  dosa with potato and   onion.  The staffs taking orders were  kind and efficient.  I asked  some  questions  on the food. They  were  very  kind . The dosa was crispy but tasted a little  sour to me. The stuffs wrapped  with dosa were OK. It costs only  about $5. So cheap! . We bought a bottle  water. I will  try something else  next time
As a South Indian, I feel I can make the broad, somewhat radical statement that this is the only place in the city to eat authentic dosa and uttapam. Period. True, there are a few places in far more desirable locales that offer up quality fare. But, if you're willing to make the trek, you'll see that this place is one-of-a-kind (unless of course you're willing to hit up Madras or Hyderabad for the unequivocal real deal). If you are new to South Indian cooking, here's what you should consider ordering:-Masala dosa: savory, paper-thin crepe made of fermented dough filled with spiced potatoes; dip this in the coconut chutney that comes on the side-Onion chili uttapam: fried pancake loaded with a bunch of good stuff served with coconut chutney and sambar, a spicy tamarind broth with vegetables-Masala chai: milky hot tea with cardamom and cloves Don't Expect:-Guidance on what to order-Friendly crowd (it's mostly families and the occasional foodie doing their own thing)-Ambience (think: temple basement)-Convenience (it's a schlep from the subway)
Love the casualness of this dining establishment. Mostly frequented by locals and also foodist(not me, of course). For our party of 4 we shared 2 different dosa platters, 1 samosa side order and 1 rice dish side order, 2 teas and 1 mango lassi. It was a great fulfilling meal for under $30.
Seriously my home away home. Sunday morning yoga and afterwards...feast at the canteen...love the madras coffee and everything else...and if you're not too shy def go to the temple and sit in on the prayers.
I hate dosas...I repeat I hate dosas but this place has the most spot on Butter masala dosa you can ever taste! Which made me change my mind about the incredible edible Dosa! The place has an unearthly feel, a very Holy vibe. Well duh its located inside of a Temple. Aside from the look, the food is amazing. Their dosa's are out of this world and the Dahi vada to die for (no pun intended). Very Good service and food. Defintely a must go!
DOSAS. Goin' to the Hindu Temple with papa W. I've passed by this place a thousand times (I counted), and never knew that in the basement was such a cafeteria-like place that served such affordable food. No secret passwords required. Just go down, go in, order, and sit down. They'll call your number. And you'll get your ginormous dosa. Mango lassi: $1.50. I'm glad I read Amy S's review before I went.
The best! I live this spot and come every chance I get since you can find the best south indian food here. Its home made style and not too rich or oily like sarvana bhavan and other indian restaurants. The food is delicious- try their masala dosa or rava dosa and also the pakora samosa on weekends. Plus the money goes to the temple which is another plus. Best time to go is weekdays lunch or dinner weekends its packed since they are auspicious days for praying at temple also.
Good dosas, better uttapams, but I'm factoring in atmosphere as much as food in my rating.  The canteen is a little hard to find without guidance if you approach from the Bowne St entrance to the Temple (then again, I do have a woeful sense of direction).  Luckily, a lady in orange robes who was busy smashing coconuts was on hand to direct us.Not sure how you can criticise the 'service'.  It's a canteen.  You put in your order, they give you a receipt with a number, you collect your tray when they call yours, but I guess some Yelpers expect full table service at a temple canteen with $5 dishes.Definitely worth the walk if you happen to be in Flushing, if not for tasty uttapams soaked in coconut chutney, then for the experience.
Glad this is where I came to banish my masala dosa craving! Although I've been to Dosa Hutt upstairs and the temple for other events, I never knew there was a cafeteria in the basement also. We ordered lassi, coffee, butter masala dosa and regular masala dosa. The dosas came with mint chutney and sambar. Everything was delicious and fresh. The dosas were huge, crispy on the edges and soft in the middle. Steaming hot on a rainy day, the perfect comfort food. Now for the next craving!
I had no idea this place was on yelp...I seriously love it here. I have been going here ever since I was a little kid and I still can't get enough of the yummy Indian food they serve.Plus every time I order dosas here they're always huge. The staff is always very friendly and the pricing is fairly cheap.My personal favorite is ordering the masala dosa with coconut chutney and the vadas.I'm getting hungry just thinking about it...I can't wait to come back here!
As a south indian tamil, I can say  this is as good as eating in india (sometimes maybe better since it is cleaner and it is a temple). This has to be best destination for authentic south indian cuisine. Sad to say, my greatest incentive to visit the temple is not to pray but to eat. i do visit the temple anyway first out of habit before i head to the canteen to pig out. There are not too many things i dont like to order. if you go on the weekend, there are specials that you dont normally see in restaurants such as the ven pongal, and iddiyapam. I usually get the idly and vada jumbo, and the mysore masala dosa.This is a place to visit
The most authentic South Indian food in the NYC area. Its worth the trip even if you live in the city. Of course the temple itself is so beautiful. I always get the masala dosa here because it is my favorite food of all time. The chutney is perfect and the sambar is pretty good. The bonus: Cheap!! The masala dosa is only $4.50 and you get a lot. So check out this place if you truly want an authentic South Indian experience in terms of food.
I went back again.  The food is as good and cheap as it ever was.  I did make a nice new discovery about the place that I didn't know about the first time I was here.  They sell Popsicles or as they call these, kulfi.  For only a dollar each. 1... single... dollar. Woot woot!!!!The kulfis are limited to only two flavors here. Mango and milk.  The milk tasted ok.  It's slightly creamy with a hint of vanilla in it.  The mango though is like one of the best mango lassis in frozen form.  Only it's even creamier and smoother.  That is the flavor to get unless you have an aversion to mango for some strange reason.If you are here for only the kulfi, this is what I learned today that might save you time.  The people that works at the canteen recommended that if you have the exact change, don't go on the line to purchase food.  Instead, head straight to the person that hands out the purchased orders, pay that person,  and then pick up the flavor you want from the freezer near the front entrance.  Long line avoided.  For anyone that wants to know my opinion for the place and the rest of the food, you would have to read my previous review.  It still applies.  Go ahead.  Don't be shy.  It won't bite.Mango Kulfi: yelp.com/biz_photos/yb9o…Popsicle review #6
The best dosa and uttapm around. This is no doubt the best place to have authentic south Indian food.Go for it...
This is a solid five star spot!  Plenty of food options and very reasonably priced.  Two of us could (over)eat a big meal here for about 15 bucks.  Good filter coffee and excellent sambhar as well.  Definitely recommend this place if you're a connoisseur of South Indian tiffin!
With so much buzz on the Ganesh Temple Canteen, that 1/2 hour wait on line better be worth it. As I plan my first UYE, I was hoping everything runs smoothly along the way. Everyone seemed to have a good time. By the time I was at the front of the line, I kinda over-ordered. I got a special onion masala dosa, idiyappam, and a jangiri.I was a bit disappointed at the onion masala dosa, since the onion was raw (I was hoping for sauteed). Idiyappam reminded me of chow mei fun. I think the samosas were the best (ate Leighann's ^_^) and the jangiri was awesomely sweet.Next time? Visit on a weekday.
I'm one of the few who was underwhelmed by Ganesh Temple Canteen. My friends love it and since I usually love what they love, I thought I would be in for an incredible hole-in-wall treat. Instead I ate pretty good and cheap food. It's not bad; it's solid good food, but with all the raves I was expecting more flavor. I had the marsala dosa, and chili and onion uttapam (savory pancake). The dosa was thin and crisp and I liked the potato filling. The freshness of the onions gave a nice liveliness and brightness to the uttapam. Being a spicy lover, I enjoyed the thinly sliced chilis that were sprinkled on the uttapam (if you don't like spicy food, I recommend that you order it without the chilis). The mango lassi was a little too thick for me. I could barely sip it through the straw. The food is a solid 3*s and it's a cheap lunch, so one could argue to give it another star for that, but honestly there's lots of Indian places around that are more convenient to get to. If you factor in the time, price, and effort to get to this place, it stops being such a deal. And when I was thinking of what to rate this, I asked myself, "Would I actually recommend to someone to go out of their way for this place?" The answer was no. So 3*s it is. Honestly I liked the temple and seeing the deities more than the food, but even that wasn't enough for me to compel people to go there. Ganesh was strictly a one-time visit for me and I say go here if you're curious and you live around here.Oh yeah, Wing, I had the mango kulfi (so I'm on Popsicle #8). The kulfi is low on the mango flavor (I thought the milkiness of the popsicle masked the mango flavor), pleasantly mildly sweet, and only $1. Not a bad deal at all.
I had a visit at this place, when I had been to the Temple. After hearing about the hype , the place is just another south indian kind of place. Liked the food, it is a typical Madrasi (Chennai) style of food. We tasted quite a lot varieties at first shot. Mysore masala dosa, samosa, uddin vada sambar and bisibelebath. Dosa and samosa were good. However, uddin vada was hard and bisibelebath tasted like pongal. Overall, it is an OK place. As matter of fact since it is a temple canteen it is said that we can never complain about the food you get at God's temple irrespective of its taste. A Prasada/ Prasadam ( kind of god's blessing) is what we can get from our prayers is said. I believe, this doesn't apply here, and I can assert my opinion confidently.
Who thought that this temple of OM chants could provide not only deliciously cheap Indian food, but be a welcoming, sacred place to everyone?  It all began when my Indian best friend and I took off our shoes....and then put them back on because you can wear them when you go to the canteen downstairs.They have the greatest mango lassi I've ever had for just $1!  Get two or you'll regret it later (just like I did).  The also have a nice selection of spicy snacks like noork (probably spelled wrong) and other treats.  Sadly because it was a holiday in the temple, my friend and I were limited on the dosas, but the food portion alone is good enough reason to come back.  Tasty, tasty tasty!
I've been meaning to review this place for a while.  This place is superb.  Their dosas are on point, the coconut chutney has a perfect balance of flavors, and their tamarind rice is delicious.  I suggest the chili masala dosa, the chilis are fresh, potatoes spiced and savory.  As far as the sambhar goes, it is well spiced, hearty, and not salty which is a huge plus.  The mango lassi is smooth and sweet, just the way I prefer them to be.  You can not beat the price or the cleanliness of the place.  Absolutely, one of the cleanest restaurants I have been to in the city.  When you are done eating, I suggest you tour the inside of the temple near by.  They are very amiable and the architecture is spectacular.  Truly a gem in the middle of queens.
So like many of the reviewers before me, I too found out about the Temple Canteen after watching the outer borough episode on Bourdain. I'm a big fan of Indian food and have wanted to try Ganesh Temple Canteen out for a long time. Today was the day! And no snow could stop me in my tracks for authentic, no frills and inexpensive Indian dishes. I checked out some of the photos posted by others before heading out, to give myself an idea on what to order. I like to know what it looks like. So armed with a list, I set out to Flushing. The entrance was a bit confusing at first. I wounded up at the side with the scaffolding and big red doors and thought it was closed. But the real entrance was just around the corner with clearly marked signs. Let me just point out that the walkway into the main temple is absolutely breathtaking. The sculptures and statues are a sight to see and I bet, awe-inspiring to walk through.Back to it: You need to make a right and down the stairs to the canteen. It looks like and is served like a cafeteria. Order your food, listen for your ticket number and carry your tray over to a large table with folded chairs. They even have a large television with the news on and a small shop where you can buy various books and religious statues.Surprisingly today, it wasn't filled with people. There were many tables that hadn't even been set up. About 4 small families were eating already and I went up to order my food (with my list of course). Too bad they were out of samosas that day, but I was able to get everything else on the list. The masala dosa with coconut chutney was delicious! It was as large as the tray and filled with perfectly spiced mashed potatoes.  And, I also enjoyed the samba stew. They had mango lassi and we ended up ordering two. Originally, I ordered one to share but silly us! It was just too sweet and dandy!The masala coffee hit the spot as well and tastes a lot like, if not exactly like a coffee you would get at a Chinese bakery.  The yogurt rice looked inviting in the photographs, so I went for it. I went at it thinking about rice pudding, however, the taste was unexpectedly savory and it wasn't really my forte. We ordered 2 mango lassis, 1 masala coffee, vadas and masala dosa (both come with their own coconut chutney and samba stew), and yogurt rice and a small bag of crispy snacks and it came out to $13 in total. Can't beat that.
A big thanks to Wing L. who introduced me to this place. Apparently he found out about Ganesh Temple Canteen because Anthony Bourdain visited it on a NYC Outer Boroughs episode of No Reservations. The temple is a little bit of a walk from the Main Street subway stop but Wing convinced me to make the trek with him by promising me good food, and what good food it was!Ganesh Temple Canteen is located in the basement of the temple**. It's a large, humble space filled with lots of mismatched tables and chairs. There were many Indian families who looked like regulars there, eating and gathering around the TV that was playing an Indian movie. At first I felt a little awkward because we were the only non-Indian people there but everyone was so friendly that I soon felt at ease. The Canteen serves South Indian food: dosas, uttappams and idlis, etc. The menu is vegetarian, but the food was so well flavored that I didn't miss meat. We shared the SAMOSA yelp.com/biz_photos/yb9o… which comes with two samosas and is served with sweet red sauce and spicy green sauce. The samosa had a perfectly flaky crust filled with spiced potatoes. We also shared the SPICY HYDRABADI MASALA DOSA yelp.com/biz_photos/yb9o… which is served with sambar and coconut chutney. The dosa had green chili chutney wrapped inside and a bowl of masala on the side. The green chili chutney gave the dosa a nice kick, and the masala was equally delicious. Even better than the food are the prices! Everything is so cheap. Two samosas were only $3 and the dosas range from $3-6. You can even get MANGO LASSI for just a dollar! This food is definitely worth the 15 minute walk from the subway station to the temple. **If you enter from the main entrance on Bowne street you have to take off your shoes, but you don't have to take off your shoes if you enter from Holly Ave. Also, the Holly Ave entrance opens to stairs leading directly down to the canteen.
Some other reviewer helpfully notes that she's had "better dosas" in Queens and Manhattan.Not the point.The dosas and uttapams are above average. They're dirt cheap. Proceeds benefit the Hindu Temple Society of North America. Nothing special food wise, but could you do this in Dubuque?Save the "honest criticism" for a restaurant whose proceeds benefit a cause like Mario Batali or Gordon Ramsey. For normal people who can tolerate the walk and/or Queens local bus magic and/or drive, it's a fun experience. For the rest of you, I can't wait to see you Pete Wells the shit out of the congregate hot dinner at the Unitarian church basement next Sunday.
Bare bones basement set-up inside a temple deep somewhere in Flushing? Totally worth it for the food! It was sheer pleasure to eat my way through a massive Hyderabadi masala dosa (green cilantro/chilli chutney rub with potato filling)! The food was equivalent to what I eat back in the mother country - totally authentic and with a decent kick. My husband had the even spicier Pondicherry dosa while our friends tried an onion tomato utthapam and an onion masala dosa. Rave reviews were given by all! Even though a one-way trek to this place cost us 80 minutes and LIRR tickets (the subway would have taken even longer), I look forward to the journey again because of what awaits me!! Ahhhh, this is the best dosa place in the tri-state area, seriously!
Finally got around to trying this place out.  It had a lot to live up to, having friends and family rave about it, along with Anthony Bourdain.  Honestly?  It was ok.From the way people talked about the prices, I imagined that it was going to be crazy super cheap.  It was cheap, but a meal here would probably cost me $9.The food was tasty but I'm pretty sure it gets blown out of proportion.I ordered a ton of different things for two people to try: set dosa, special onion masala dosa, vegatable uttapam, samosa, vada, and mango lassi.Like I said, it was tasty but I've had as good or better.  The only real complaint here was from my friend who thought the lassi horrible.  For me, it was light on the mango and very heavy on the yogurt.It was a fun experience though and proceeds benefit the temple.If you're unfamiliar with Indian food, I suggest studying up first and then make sure you know what you want, since there's no menu behind the counter, just one visible from the line.
OK. I admit it. I like to be a groupie. Currently, I am following around Jay-Z and...Anthony Bourdain. Apparently, Anthony Bourdain has been here, but I didn't see any pics of him on the wall (unlike at Xian Foods). I guess it is a temple. So all things considered, it would be disrespectful to post pics of a famous person. While there were no pics of Mr. Bourdain, there was a delightful Ganesh statue. Ganesh is the Hindu elephant god and known as the remover of obstacles. I was told to pray to him everytime I had an exam. The canteen is located in the basement of the temple. The seating is simple, long tables and foldable chairs. Don't come here expecting a romantic ambience. It is practical and modest. The food is excellent here. It serves mostly Southern Indian specialities. On the weekend, you can get the Kerala special, which is an assortment of dosa, chutneys, lentils, and soup. It is sampler and is good to eat if you have never had South Indian cuisine. We had a green chili dosa. It is a crepe filled with green chili, extremely spicy but well worth the heat. We also had a masala dosa, which is stuffed with potatoes and more mild. The tomato uttapam is more like a savory pancake with tomatoes. For dessert, I ordered rasmalai. It is my second favorite Indian dessert. The rasmalai was good but nothing exceptional. Stick to the dosas and you will be fine. There are pics of all the food so don't panic. The staff were friendly and service was prompt. It is cafeteria-style so don't expect wait service. They will charge you for carry-out boxes (25 cents). For 4 entrees and a dessert, our total came to $30 and we had plenty of leftovers. Where next Tony?
Eating is not only a biological need, an art form, but more so, a cultural learning experience.  We eat with our sense. but also substances for our brain.  Hence, people are becoming more and more adventurous to try difference cuisines in far off neighborhoods that one would've never contemplated to venture into before.  Regional dishes are running the culinary show right now.  We are discovering a whole new level in satisfying our palates and mind.  Being a Queens resident and follower of an Asian religion, I finally put my shame to past by visiting this beautiful, serene temple today.  While I first learned about this temple through its canteen, The actual worshiping building is also sacred and pivotal to the experience.  One would have to leave your shoes by the door, as evident by the scattered footwears on the ground.  Once you have answered your prays and pilgrimage, do swing by the corner and visit the basement canteen.  And canteen it sure is, but a much better one than our public school cafeteria.  I came on a weekday, so it was not as busy.  You will pass by a small gift shop, filled with literature for the soul and other religious trinkets and ornaments.  Not your hotel gift shop. A better one indeed.  Then, study the menu and decide on what to order.  Prices are fair and service is friendly.  It is a slow-paced sort of place, so this is a great place to meditate and learn to be at peace with oneself.  Dosa is the best to get, but I could not stay to eat (take out containers entails extra charges), so I got a idiy and vada combo for $3.  This came with the accouterments of sambar and coconut chutney for you to dip the steamed and fried dough in.  These are pre-made, but the dosa is definitely made to order.  Drinking water is self-served and be mindful of the number of utensils and napkins you grab.  Be environmental and not waste money.  The sauces are full of spices (not hot spicy), which is perfect to color the blank palate of the idiy.  Indian snacks were also sold by the bagful, with lots of varieties for you to choose from.  There is a mix of eaters from different background, so not just Asians are welcome.  This scared ground welcomes everyone.  Though this temple is far away from public transportation (closest bus stop is Q65 and Q27), but if I need a place to decompress and just be within myself, I would love to return on a weekday and soak in the calmness and experience peacefulness that is missing in life. Nameste.
Visiting the temple and the canteen was a fun day trip.  Everybody was very polite and welcoming -- and the Temple was lovely.The canteen itself is a loud and hectic experience.  The food was pretty bland overall.  We got a few items to sample - including an onion dosa special.  The onion dosa turned out to be a plain dosa with almost an entire raw, diced red onion as the only ingredient.  It was pretty painful to eat and we left 80% of it behind.The other items we sampled were basically cafeteria food - bland, mass produced and without much character.  Probably good for the very old or very young - but nothing really interesting.The experience of visiting the temple and meeting nice people was a lot of fun.  But if you're up for eating good Indian food - go to an established restaurant in the area (or Jackson Heights or Manhattan) and avoid the canteen. Maybe visit the temple and the canteen, have a look, and then move on to a real restaurant :)Gluten note: I asked a few employees if what I ordered had any wheat flour in it.  I went on to have one of the worst gluten-poisoning experiences of my life.  I was up for hours vomiting and didn't feel right for days.  I did some research when I got home and found that I had, in fact, eaten something that was supposed to be made of lentil flour (some balls in yogurt - sorry but I forgot what it was called) but definitely had a lot of wheat flour in them as well.  I asked several people who told me that I was ok with it - so some educating has to happen with the volunteers or staff at the canteen.  If you have any allergies I have to recommend you stay away.
I had been a vegetarian virgin all my life that is until my freshman year of college. And like many first timers, it was truly a bad experience that I will never forget. I regretted my first time-I had made a bad decision (on the dishes), it was not worth my anticipation and sadly, money. I had paid a steep price for that meal. One of my friends had such a scarring experience that he vowed never to have vegetarian ever again. I had agreed.Many years later, my foodie friend took a handful of us on a Flushing food crawl to introduce other first timers to exciting, new food. One of the stops was Ganesh Temple Canteen. My friend had told me that the Canteen is where affordable South Indian food abound, but it was all vegetarian. It was also the place that Anthony Bourdain had visited during one of his New York food crawls. Vegetarian food, I thought, we meet for the second time. I was somehow tempted by the excitement and thrill of cheap, yet delicious food. What is there to lose? It cannot be worse than my first time, so I decided to recant that vow I had many years earlier, and just go for it.So how was it my second time? It was bliss. During the first round, I let my friends order. They ordered the dosa and the pondicherry dosa. The pondicherry dosa was such a delight. The pondicherry one was spicy and filled with potatoes and crunchy things. It was so addictive that during the second round, my friend ordered another one. Despite how large and carby the dosas were, my sister and I were still not satisfied. We ordered the idli, and the rava dosa. The idlis are similar to mantous, which are these soft Chinese buns. It's a breakfast staple in South India, so it's a good start if you have never had South Indian cuisine before. The rava dosa is similar to the regular dosa, but slightly more greasy, and crunchier with something that looked like parsley leaves throughout the whole crepe. This does not come with potatoes, but they do come with the chutneys. The mango kulfi was thick and mangoey, making it a delicious treat. The kulfi was ok. It was a bit hard, and the kulfi definitely had more mango flavor permeated through it. We also got the coffee by accident because when my friend was ordering kulfi, the person taking the order thought he said "coffee" and proceeded to make it. She let that one slide though after my friend went to get the kulfi and found 9 cups of coffee on the table.The canteen is definitely a great place to visit. Everyone there was super friendly. This nice gentleman even asked what we were ordering and gave us suggestions on what to order. He said that if you've never tried South Indian before, you have to try the idli and the vada first, and then go on from there. After enjoying a delicious meal at Ganesh Temple Canteen, I can finally eat vegetarian more at ease now. The canteen is definitely a great place to try, and on top of that, you can explore the temple as well, which I must do when I return.
Came here with a buddy while helping him move.  Can't particularly remember what I had, but everything was good and a great value.  I like the no frills seating.  Would repeat.
Came in early in the morning to have a decent south indian breakfast feast and was the first guest on that day. The stuff was super sweet and nice, the food was absolutely authentic and to die for. Seriously. Would make all the way with the high line to Queens every time I have a chance again to have that delicious breakfast again.
Delish dosas and uttappam in the non-descript basement of a really lovely, peaceful HIndu temple. Don't fear the onion-chili uttappam, do be wary of the sambar, it's a slow burn, the coconut chutney helps. Mango lassi was alright, but I'd recommend take out so you can enjoy your dosas and uttappam with a beer, hard cider or some prosecco. Staff is polite and accommodating, buy an elephant in the gift shop!
Ordered onion rava masala dosa - got food poisoning Perhaps it was so warm outside some ingredients went bad? So disappointed bc the reviews and hype of this place made me travel all the way...
I visited the Ganesha Temple Canteen during an OHNY weekend, thinking that I would much rather go on a day when they were openly accepting (essentially) tourists.  I figured it would be awkward to walk into a place of worship as a conscientious objector to the whole religion thing.  Thankfully, the Canteen actually has a separate entrance from the (very beautiful) temple itself.The food in the canteen is good, cheap South Indian food, and in my opinion superior to Dosa Hut next door.  I realize it's foodie heresy to say this, but: it's definitely, noticeably, cheap food, and you should not expect it to be or seem otherwise.More than anything, though, for me, it's just not something special or rare enough to justify the trip.  Ganesh Temple is really out in the middle of nowhere.  It's not remotely near any train station, and buses on weekends, in the periphery of the city, are unreliable at best.  There are plenty of places in Jackson Heights where I can find great dosas and utthapam, so I doubt I'll be making the trek back out here.  This is doubly true for Dosa Hut.
Made the schlep out here after my South Indian friend told me she had heard about some great cheap South Indian food in Flushing. I remembered I had seen a No Reservations ep that featured the same thing and alas, it was the same place!Listened to some Yelpers and went through the entrance on Holly Ave and didn't have to take my shoes off. FOOD IS SO CHEAP. And delish! Got the Masala Dosa, which came with a minty chutney and two samosas. Everything was only 7.50, which is crazy cheap. Very good though! My friends got the mini tiffin, which was a little bit of everything for $9. But yeah, I def recommend it to everyone! South Indian food is different from like curries and chicken tikka and stuff, but just as tasty. And what better way to spend a Saturday than exploring a new neighborhood. Be sure to visit the temple either before or after your meal to check it out. From Midtown, the trip is only about 40 mins on the train and then a nice 15 minute walk...Oh and TIP... try the kulfi ice cream. It's only a dollar and really good, but BE CAREFUL! My friend stuffed the ice pop in his mouth really quickly and it was so cold it ripped the skin off his lips and he started bleeding. Seriously. It was gross, but kinda funny. BUT BE CAREFUL... not sure why they keep the ice cream in such a cold freezer.
I am not of indian descent, but I would eat Indian based foods for every meal if it were possible for me.  Come on the weekend if you want dosa.  There are other tasty options which are available on weekdays.  I love the chai and mango lassi, most delicious.  The hours are excellent, 8:30-9pm, everyday.All vegetarian, yummy flavors.
I love it here. Great indian veg food. Nice sized portions and so clean.  Try the tamarind and yogurt rice, some of the best I have had in NYC.
beautiful temple. there isn't a lot if info about what and why but really open and enjoyable. don't miss the canteen downstairs.
I got the masala dosa and where do I even begin- it was just absolutely out of this world. I am always disappointed by the sambar in most places but here it was spot on. The potato filling for the dosa was extremely well seasoned and lentil crepe was crisp and nice. Cannot wait to go back and the prices are so so so cheap!
Was here for openhousenewyork and decided to have lunch downstairs from the temple in their canteen. There was a long line at lunch but it moves fast. Lots of daily specials to pick from in addition to the inexpensive regular menu. I had a delicious, cooked-to-order pondicherry masala dosa. Excellent!. Also, bought a container of lemon pickle for the road...
Everything about this place is great, except for explosive diarrhea and stomach cramps, which we've been experiencing for the past 36 hours, since eating here. Try the mango lassi.
Oh so goodOh so educationalOh so worthbiking from UES to FlushingTo enjoy the bounty Ganesh kitchen expels.Go order a dosa, tour the temple and leave with change in your pocket!
I've been going to the Temple Canteen for years. I've also been to Dosa Hut just next to the Temple and I have to say they have nothing on the Canteen. I'm not even a fan of Dosa Hut.When we usually go, we end up getting the Plain Dosa (with coconut chutney and sambar) which only sets us back $2.75. I, also, always get the yogurt rice which is $2.00. You really can have a whole meal way under $10. The last time we went, my brother ordered Set Dosa which was basically 3 small dosa pancakes with butter on top and this also came with a large amount of coconut chutney and sambar. They taste pretty good and were more fulfilling then your usual plain dosa. I come all the way from Long Island just to eat at the Canteen. The people working there know us pretty well now and we always get greeted with a smile. The prices are amazing as is the food. I'd def. recommend this place to anyone who loves traditional South Indian food.
I first heard about this "mysterious" canteen a few months back when discussing with a friend the delicious Dosa Hutt, a restaurant around the corner. When she asked me if I had ever went to the basement of a nearby Hindu temple to eat in the canteen, I instantly knew the food must be incredible. After all, the patrons of an eating establishment actually inside of a temple would have to demand the finest, or go elsewhere.The temple canteen did not disappoint. After briefly paying our respects upstairs in the actual temple, it was in the basement where the real gods were the dosas.There must be at least a dozen varieties of them, but our group tried the pondicherry dosa ($5), rava masala dosa ($5.50), and mysore masala dosa ($5). None are more than $5.50. The pondicherry is especially spicy and left its primary eater reeling for the rest of the evening. The chutneys they serve are simple and amazing, maybe the best I have ever had.Also strong was the piping hot tomato uttapam ($5), a dish similar to a large pancake with its ingredients cooked on top of the batter. This was a good thing to have on the table when our mouths needed respite from the firey dosas.I also find it amazing that this place is open from 9am through dinner, AND takes any credit card you want to use. Around the corner from the main entrance on Bowne Street, there is a Holly Avenue entrance between a couple other doors. Follow the signs downstairs to descend into heaven for a change.
The first time I went to Ganesh Temple, my friends and I dutifully and willingly removed our shoes to stroll through the temple, admiring the beauty of the gods and the devotion of the worshipers. After wandering around and gawking sufficiently, because we had heard the canteen was in the basement of the temple, we went downstairs to the basement of the temple. There we found a small room inside of which was a table covered in a cheap disposable tablecloth, and upon which were a few medium-sized bowls of food. But no chairs. We thought this was a bit strange, but we had never been to a canteen, much less a Hindu temple, so we took some food, sat down on the floor, and started to eat. However, THIS WAS NOT THE CANTEEN. We might not have even found this out, had it not been for the fact that we were supposed to meet another few people at the canteen, and when on our cell phones both the friends and I claimed that we were in the canteen, yet did not see each other, I knew something was wrong. To arrive at the canteen, you must EXIT THE TEMPLE (at which time you can put your shoes back on), make a left, another quick left, then a quick right, walk through an outdoor "hall", then make another left at the end of the hall before you reach the sidewalk. You then enter a door and descend to the basement of *that* building to the canteen. Which has many tables and chairs that will easily equal the comfort of most cafeterias for your dining experience.At the actual canteen, you order at a counter, behind which you can see the kitchen and people cooking the food. I can't remember which, but either on weekdays or weekends, you cannot order part of the menu -- they simply don't make it (but they always make dosas). And if you are unfamiliar with South Indian food, it is not easy to tell what the various dishes are. Luckily, the first time I went there I was with someone from India. The second time my memory of the first visit failed me, but I had the good fortune of having a friendly stranger at the canteen explain to me (again) what the dishes were.The food was pretty good, verging on very good. However, this canteen gets only 3 stars because the second time I went there, I found a hair in my food. When I showed it to them, they immediately offered to serve me another portion (I assume this time without the hair), which I took. But next time I go there, I think I'll try the nearby Dosa Hut.I never did find out what that room in the basement of the actual temple was, nor if we committed some sort of sacrilege by eating that food. If so, I hope the gods forgive us.
I visited the temple and had dinner at the canteen. I was  a very different  experience. Everyone should visit this place at least once. The food was good and the price is right. Nice spot ill visit again.
This place has the best South Indian food in all of US. Their Dosas are close to perfection. I love the ghee roast dosa. Idlis are soft and fluffy. Other dishes have flavor unlike most south indian places which serve you bland chutneys and potatoes. It is located below the Ganesh Temple. Give it a try!
Yay! So yummy! I went with a big group and we ordered almost everything off the menu and split it. Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of everything we ate, but really everything was pretty scrumptious.One note of caution: one member of our party got the ices for dessert and it was so over-frozen that he actually injured his lip on it and started bleeding. So if you do buy a frozen sweet, be careful, and eat SLOWLY.But really, everything was so delicious, and the man behind the counter was extremely cheerful and happy to help us out in deciding what to eat. All in all, a really great experience.
On what seemed to be a rare sunny day this spring, a group of Yelpers organized by Lesie H. ventured to Flushing to eat at Ganesh Temple Canteen.  We bounded down the steps leading to the canteen, thus avoiding the requirement of removing any footwear as we tailed LeighAnn F. who by now has declared she is as famished as she is famous. :)  We were surprised at the long line, but were reminded by Radford T.that it was a week-end, a time where people are actually at the temple to worship, unlike us who were there merely to please our taste buds. :) While waiting for my turn, I met other Yelpers like Helen, Michael and Robert which is always a good thing especially considering that Helen even helped me carry my food trays to the table and shared her Dosa with me.  I opted for the idiyappam, uttapam and of course, the reason I was there, the mango kulfi. Thanks to Wing L.'s tip, I paid for the kulfi and just went back after the meal to retrieve it from the freezer.Ganesh serves South Indian* cuisine which uses coconut milk and adheres to the vedic tradition of vegetarian cooking. Thus, the following items were served without meat:~~~Idiyappam~~~ is a rice noodle dish (string hoppers) and is very similar to the Filipino rice noodle dish called "pancit bihon".  This was served with sambar. ~~~Uttapam ~~~is a rice pancake which had onions and chili.  This is very similar to Kam Ja Jeon (Korean pancake) and who doesn't appreciate something that they are already familiar with? :)  The other option for uttapam is to order it with tomatoes and vegetables. ~~~Dosa~~~is made from a batter of ground, fermented grain rice spread on a griddle and cooked like a crepe.  It comes almost as big as a flag and can be eaten plain or with any number of spicy fillings called masalas. Dosa is an essential South Indian dish.    It was actually Helen who ordered it with onions and she was just generous to share it with me. :) I wanted to grab it from her but thank heavens my Mom must have raised me well, Ias I found enough restraint. ~~~Mango kulfi~~~ is a frozen popsicle, made from mango and milk.  It is not whipped so it is denser than the typical ice cream. The mango kulfi at Ganesh is very creamy and had lots of mango flavor.  It actually made me smile and reminded me of my childhood and Philippine mango ice cream. :)  What I love about the food at Ganesh is that it is flavorful which lets you know that it was simmered long and that there was actual care and effort in making the food. Indeed, as Anthony Bourdain puts it: "See, vegetarian food does not have to suck. " * Dravida region which includes Andra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
Great food at super reasonable prices. Medu vada, idli, sambar, rava onion masala dosa, mysore pak, imarti kinda sweet. Everything was awesome. It reminded me of my 2009 trip to hyderabad (south india).
You come for the temple and then enjoy the canteen. The temple is amazing. I bike by here all the time and I watch them build it up. The food is good. It isn't super as some might say. I felt it was too oily.If you go through the temple: SHOES OFF!If you come in to the canteen straight from the street, shoes on.If you come to the canteen straight from the street and then up to the temple: shoes on and then shoes off. ;)
I'm a fan.  Here is the thing, I went there with my friend who is a health nut and she was expecting to have "healthy" food.  There actually is not much in the way of non-fried food that isn't spicy.  That's the only complaint.  Most things are fried (so is a much, not all, of the cuisine from that part of India though).  Anyways, everything i had was tasty.
Food was tasteless. It use to be good but now this restaurant have lost its essence. Refrain from eating there now. If you are visiting to temple and you want to eat there.... Opt for dosa hut
Went on an eating frenzy with Hungry Boy and this is one of the places we stopped by that day. We've decided to go check out the temple before proceeding to stuff ourselves. Upon entering the temple, everyone must remove their shoes. I wasn't afraid that my shoes would get stolen or anything, I mean afterall they were only Converses. But what I was afraid of were the dark clouds that were forming above. What if it rains while we were inside? Then I am so screwed...well my Converses would be. Gone inside the temple and walked around. Saw family and kids sitting on the floor and some people praying. It was pretty interesting walking into a temple and seeing a totally different culture than what I have been raised to. While everyone was paying respects at the temple, I was busy thinking...thinking how those Converses are doing...I hope they were still dry. After visiting the temple, we made our way down to the canteen. There were both old and young ones all enjoying the food that was served. I had never tried Hindu food before, so I wasn't sure what to get. Luckily, Hungry Boy was explaining to me what some of the foods were. So we've ordered a Besibelabath - sambar with these crunchy things. This was pretty good and it had a slight hint of spice. We've also gotten the special onion masala dosa, which is this really big triangular flat bread with onion filling and different dips and a soup. There was this sweet potato thing topped with peppercorn, this was really really good! I can just eat that alone. there was also coconut chutney, which had a lot of coconut flavoring to it. The other one is this green dip, which was good too. Everything was just very flavorful and different and I liked it a lot. We both also gotten a mango lasi, which was only $1.After our meal, we saw someone eating a popsicle and we've asked them what they were. They told us it is called Kulfi and it is like a frozen mango lasi, except the popsicle contains more milk and tastes better. I was pretty full, so I decided not to get one. Hungry Boy did gotten the mango kulfi and I stole a bite from him. mMmmm that was really good. Although I was full, I couldn't resist, so I went back to get the Malai Kulfi. The people that worked there told me it's vanilla flavor, but the other diners told me it's made from condensed milk. I don't know who's words to listen to, but I liked it. It's like vanilla and sweet milk with a hint of sweet flowery taste.The food was great. It was different and new, so I liked it. The people at the temple and canteen were really friendly and did not give us any weird stares as if we did not belong there. It was a great experience to get to see and taste things from a different culture!
This is a sacred place and to the outsiders this is probably the last place that you would normally venture for food.  But I had to give it a try. The food here is authentic, simple and traditional. And may i just add, It is also spicy. I had the Chili Masala Dosa, the potatoes filling was good but i am not sure about the crepe. I like Dosa Hutt better. The Besibelbhath rice dish is a savory one and did i mention spicy ? And then of course I have to try the Mango Lassi and you should too !
My roommate and I both wanted to try this place out after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations.  Finally able to find a time that worked for both of us, we hauled our butts out to Flushing in the cold, wet rain hoping for some no frills, good authentic Indian food.We both got the Masala dosa which had a nice, spicy kick in the end.  It was good, but I've had better dosas in both India and Manhattan.  It was, however, less greasy than those aforementioned (so plus points for that) and light.  The portion seemed big enough, but after I scarfed it down, I had to supplement with a hot dog on the way home.  The prices were really cheap.  The food was decent, but it wasn't worth the special trek from Manhattan.
The dosa's ,coconut chutney here are probably one of the best any were you will get in USA.Venpongal is also very good. Their dosas are on point, the coconut chutney has a perfect balance of flavors, and their tamarind rice is delicious.So it took us a while. But after one visit we immediately knew we would be coming back again
Based on the amount of good reviews of this place i think my expectations were way too high and completely off base... I expected it to be a more cultural experience with a variety of different awesome indian foods in some sort of ethnic atmosphere - but what i found was pretty much a basement with fold out tables and chairs with a kitchen in the back that offered a variety of inexpensive dosas - which to be quite honest weren't all that..... In fact, Dosa Hut is just around the corner, maybe a dollar more but definitely worth it. The cool thing about the Ganesh Temple Canteen is that its actually below a Hindu temple and you can walk in the temple and admire the new structure...
I am a very regular visitor of the temple. I do take the an hour and a half hour commute (one way) to come to the temple and you can bet your ass it is not only my devotion to the God that motivates me on a Sunday afternoon to catch the subway. It is the anticipation of the awesome 'home cooked' food. Not only do I stuff my face, but I get enough to last me a couple of days. Yes, it is SUPER cheap. You pay 5$ to fill your stomach. AND you do not feel 'uneasily heavy' that you normally feel after you've eaten in an Indian restaurant. If you want home cooked 'south indian' food, this is a cool place, PLUS, you get to see an authentic 'South Indian' Temple!
Great south indian food. Very well organized canteen. Clean and fast food.To find it you walk around the inner wall of the temple until you see signsfor the canteen. Pretty easy to get to.
Big fan of Ganesh so visited the temple like a tourist, then found the canteen and loved the food! The masala dosa was my favorite. Some of the others were of course a bit too spicy for my buds but most of it was fine. Prices are ridiculously cheap. Went there past the lunch rush on a weekend and it was fine. If you wanna pretend you're a tourist, walk around the rest of the block and you'll find a few other Hindu Temples, a Buddhist one, and even a Christian church! ;) Got my Ganesh paperweight as a souvenir and went home after my travels outside my borough! :)
A simple place, but I don't think I've had this good south indian dishes in Queens ever. I think Saravana Bhavan tops this, but boy is the quality and taste very close to Saravana Bhavan!
The address takes you to an imposing temple entrance with dozens of shoes scattered on the ground. Walk around the corner to the Holly entrance (past the dosa hutt) and you can keep your shoes on and go directly downstairs to the canteen.It's a huge cafeteria, with lots of long tables, folding chairs, a colorful statue of ganesh on one wall and a tv playing Indian music vids and dramas along another wall. We got there on the early side -- 11:30 on a Saturday -- and it was only a third full, predominantly families. You gotta be somewhat adventurous or very familiar with Indian food because there's not many definitions of what you're eating. There are big helpful pictures above the counter; there's also $1 baggies of fried snacks to whet your appetite. We tried: spicy hydrabadi masala dosa, mini tiffin special, paper dosa, chili onion uttapam, along with all the extra lil dishes of soups, chutneys, potatoes and lentils. All of it was fantastic! Tasty, fresh, spicy, not too greasy and more varied than I expected. The uttapam reminded me of korean pajeon, and another starter we had was a surprise -- looked like doughtnut holes covered in cream, but they were savory like onion bread! I spent $13 on lunch and it was worth twice that... Loved that I was able to pay with my debit card too!By the time we left at 12:30, there was a good-sized line forming. Highly recommend going early and going with a bunch of people so you could sample everything!
I have been eating here forever!The ambiance is that of an Indian canteen - steel chair and tables. There is plenty of seating, but on a crowded weekend afternoon, you cannot find a place to sit here. Sometimes, you may even have to share your table with other families that cannot wait for the next table to be available :))The food is vegetarian, south Indian and DELICIOUS! From the rice varieties, I have had the Pongal, Tamarind Rice, and the Yogurt rice. Pongal on a Saturday morning breakfast time is to die for.Their Idlis are so-so. For a south Indian place, their Idlis should be perfect, but it is below par sometimes. I would stay away from it.They used to have 2 big Vadas for each plate, but now it is three medium sized ones. The Dosas - be it regular, rava or uthappam, are just amazing.My only contention is the Chutney and Sambar are so predictable. Its the SAME thing every time. For those of us that are spoiled by the Saravana Bhavan in Manhattan, this is definitely an issue. The good thing though is, the food is SO tasty that you can overlook the Chutney and Sambar. You dont need anything to dip these Dosas in.
We have had many Masala Doshas.  However the one we had here is not only authentic but also it tastes great.  Defintly would recommend this place
I came here a few months ago with visiting friends and have been wanting to go back ever since.  Why does it have to be on the eastern reaches of Queens?  Why can't I just walk downstairs from my apartment and casually enter a Hindu temple and proceed to their canteen to benefit on centuries of culinary expertise? This canteen downstairs from the Ganesh temple is so inconspicuous and casual, yet is serving up some real quality food items from South India at great prices.  Don't expect meat, this is South Indian and is vegetarian only.  The dosas are all huge and the masalas are spot-on delicious.  The menu isn't vast, but you can guarantee that anything you get here will be 4 things: delicious, cheap, filling, and healthy.  Isn't that about all you can ask for in a meal?  Don't forget to check out the actual temple upstairs.  It's worth stopping for.  The idols and shrines are interesting to look at, but don't be a tourist and take pictures.  It's disrespectful.  Also, remember to remove your shoes as you enter the temple as a sign of respect.  After you get off at Main Street in Flushing, you either have to take in a decent walk or wait for a bus to help you get down here FYI.
Anthony Bourdain's episode featuring this eatery was what  got me and Camille traveling to Flushing and looking for this place.  Ironically it was only a few blocks to where I use to live in the 80's....I knew the Hindu Temple...must have pass it a hundred times but didn't know that they served food in the basement canteen and is open to the public at that!!A few flight of steps below the temple is this huge space converted into a mess hall canteen,..immaculately clean, tables and chairs neatly arranged next to each other, and there was a long queue,  Pictures of food placed above the  crew waiting to take and serve the delicious array of vegetarian food ...mostly authentic recipes from the South of India.They have a large selection of Appetizers to 12 kinds of rice, curries, different kinds of Dosas, Kerala and Andhra Items, (whatever that is) Chutney, Breads..I was looking at the menu but honestly don't know anything about what to order.  When my turn came the gentlemen behind the counter suggested their Saturday special sampler...a little of everything that they are serving, which I think was a very good idea.  For $8.00 ..it includes your choice of beverage and dessert!!  The food was surprisingly delicious and very filling...and the people behind the counter were very helpful and very pleasant!!I had to order some food to go for my husband (Masala & Chili Dosa)and bought some prepared items on the rack like the tamarind rice, tamarind paste and some dried crunchy lentils....  They are open from 9am to9pm..I would certainly go back there again. It was indeed a very exciting experience!!!
Great South Indian food, fantastically reasonable prices, super efficient! Don't miss out on the absolutely fresh Mango lassi!
I am South Indian, raised on food like what is served here. I went here last weekend for the first time. The place exceeded my expectations. A couple of very minor confusions, mostly due to my inexperience with this place: 1. I didn't know whether they expected us to remove footwear in the canteen -- they don't. 2. They had a sweet called Mysore Pak  on display. I didn't know whether I was supposed to take one myself or ask for one -- it is the latter. Only the snacks in bags are self-service.I will go back in a heartbeat.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Ganesh temple canteen serves South Indian vegetarian food. I recently came to know that there is s Smart Phone App that provides recipes for this type of food: on.fb.me/13TRZgn  I got this last week and have tried out a few dishes already -- they came out OK; I am sure that in the hands of a more capable cook, they will turn out much better :-)
price is good.  sambar good, chutney, not bad.    the pancake was disappointing.  and the potato masala was really lacking great taste.  i wouldn't go back.
An utter disappointment. If you are intent on having others come share your food, the least you could do is have a proper descriptive menu. The guy behind the counter couldn't be bothered to answer your questions and just kept pushing the mango lassi. We went on a Tuesday afternoon hardly anyone was there which we figured was good since we wouldn't be holding up the line we ordered based on yelp reviews thing it can't be too bad. Pondicherry dosa, onion chili uttapam and an idli vada combo. Pondicherry dosa was filled with a mixture of dry dhal and chick peas raw onions and cornflakes some seasoning not much and servers with dhal & coconut chutney. The uttapam was the same base as the dosa only thick like a pancake the green chili wasn't too spicy and the onions were al dente; served with dhal and coconut chutney The vada and Idli... Well we didn't know which was which one looked like a small donut made from ground dhal and the other was a white steamed biscuit looking disc. Served with... U guessed it! Dhal and coconut chutney. After all the hype sorry to say this place was a let down. I am gonna try the Malay place up the street next time I venture over there that place was packed even in the afternoon!
I have to say it really takes a lot of hubris to give this place anything less than 5 stars.Firstly, they are not trying to get included in the Micheline Guide. They have a very specific community they cater to and they are not trying to impress you. They are simply trying to serve the food that South Indians love and eat pretty much every morning and evening. Either you get this place or you don't. It is not a "rice and curry" place--if your idea of rice means "rice grains" (dosas, idlis, etc are all made of rice). If you are comparing it to eating next to Sri Meenakshi Amman Thiru Kovil in Madurai, then fine fine, it doesn't compare. But in the North American Continent I have not felt as close to that experience as when I go to the "Temple Canteen." The food quality is excellent, the people couldn't be any friendlier and the place is a prime example of what South Indian Hinduism embodies--openness and delicacy.The variety of dosas, appams, uttapams and idlis is as good as any city in Tamil Nadu and they serve it exactly as any of those canteens would: with plenty of sambaar and coconut chutney.Open your mind and your palate and understand that this is not North Indian food. It is something else entirely.
delicious food at great prices & the fact that they accept all credit cards is just the icing on the cake! What more could you ask for??Oh yea, the creamy deliciousness of their $1 mango lassis!! YES, $1!  Be a glutton and get 4 of them for 2 people like we did ;p it'll cost you the same as 1 cup elsewhere! Generous portions and dosas, sambar, and utthapam (sp?) were all delicious despite the fact that I got it for take out and was driving / stuck in traffic for 30 or 40 min before we devoured everything
This is your quintessential mess-hall, people...and one that serves really-really tasty food.We had the chilli dosa, sambar vada, curd rice and mysore pak.The chili dosa was mouth-wateringly good. it was a nice amount of heat on a perfectly made dosa...YUMM.Curd rice - I'm drooling already - Creamy goodness with just the right amount of salt - it was pure heaven (Oh yes, and Ganesha was just a floor above). The Mysore Pak was an added bonus. They had made it for a special occasion and were passing it around.Total was less than $10 for all this food. Even if I were to forget the cost for a second, this canteen is hand-down FANTASTIC food.I think I ought to visit the temple more often ;)
Eating at the Canteen is an experience.  Imagine your public high school cafeteria with TVs playing Indian news channels and old Indian movies.  Then imagine the freshest, tastiest dosa you've ever had for only $4, accompanied by a delicious mango lassi for $1.  It's a trek to get to this place (take the 7 to Main Street, walk 15 minutes), but it's absolutely worth it.  Make sure to visit the temple upstairs.  It's undergoing a renovation and expansion right now, but definitely still beautiful and peaceful.
Let me start by stating that this place Only got 2 stars cuz after I ate here my tummy gave me issues for days after and not because the food was unsanitary but mostly because I think I'm not used to the spices in the dosa.It's all vegetarian and south Indian food so expect slot of dosa's stuffed and paper which is one large massive flat dosa with three flavors of sauce.They only serve the entreeType dishes on the weekendOverall, I was just not quite used to the spices used and felt it was a bit bland. The temple is beautiful and the counter lady was so friendly and sweet.If you are in the mood or light south Indian fare this is a good place to go
Growing up my parents told me it was not necessary to go to temple to find or worship God. The Almighty is with us, around us, and within us. And to this day I truly believe that. However, I do believe God put this canteen at this temple just so I would visit more often. And it works!!Anytime a family member says we should visit the temple, I think 'Woohoo! dosa time!'   Of course my first priority is to visit the temple but the thought of crispy dosa is right behind it.Even if you are not religious or spiritual, the temple is beautiful and worth a visit. They have done great renovations!  Few things you need to know before you go. You need to remove your shoes ONLY to enter the temple not the canteen. The canteen entrance is around the corner from the temple and stairs take you there. You order the food and wait for your number to be called so save your receipt.Everything on the menu is great and reasonably priced. I would say the dosa (savory crepes), idly (fermented savory steamed rice cakes), vada (deep-fried savory donuts) are your best bets. Get the Mysore Masala dosa if you like spicy food. That is my ultimate fave. I am not fond of their Sambhar as I make a better one at home that suits my flavor profile but I know others who love it.They also sell 2 types of powders that you can use at home. I make rava dosa and idlis at home sometimes so I like that I can use their poweders.  They are nice and will tell you how to use/eat the powders without laughing at you.
Full does not describe the way we were feeling after scallion pancakes under the LIRR overpass, the hot wontons at White Bear and noodles at Xian.  Yet, we were determined to continue.After an hour's rest at a teahouse with some drinks, we walked over to Ganesh Temple Canteen.  The Temple is in the midst of renovation, but the Canteen is still open.For $5, you are given a sizable dosa overhanging the plate.  The crepe is crisp, a real delight in texture.  By the way, some of the spicier dosas can leave the mouth numb.  So make sure to get some cupfuls of water if trying those out.  I can't remember the particular dosa we had that was the spicier one, but it was very spicy.
Wow, this is the best Indian food I've had outside of India. Every single thing I had was delicious. Prepare to eat things you never see at Indian restaurants in the U.S., and prepare to be amazed by how tasty it all is. And the staff is so friendly!
This was my first time ever trying dosas, so I suppose I'm not the world's most knowledgeable on the topic. However, I'm a woman who loves excellent food of all sorts, and I will say: I found exactly that at the Canteen. You know those meals you have when you recognize that you're full, but you cannot stop eating because the flavors are so delightful and abundant? That happened with this meal. Making the trek all the way from Brooklyn was absolutely worth it, and I'm already devising a plan to return and bring a bunch of friends so we can try many more menu items!
REALLY enjoyed the South Indian food in the Ganesh Temple Canteen. It was wellworth the over 1hr commute from Manhattan.
I found this place after fervently searching for what Padma Lakshmi mentioned as her favorite place for spicy Indian dosas. Unaware what dosas were, I heard the words "spicy" and "Indian" in the same sentence and went on my hunt.I arrived at the temple and looked around for a ninja-like way to the basement without attracting attention from the devotees. A man directed me to the back of the temple on Smart St. where I could walk down to the basement. Proud of my ninja skills to avoid the members, I get downstairs and BAM! Loads of Indian people waiting in line for the same reason I was there but damn, I was a 5ft Asian girl lost in a sea of Indians in all shapes and sizes. I nervously searched the menu for something familar thinking "what the heck is a dosa anyway?" In line, I saw the giant, thin, crispy dough folded spherically, that everyone around me was consuming. Ahh, that is what I have to try. I ordered 1 paper dosa and a side of spiced rice for me and my mother, the accomplice. The damage was about $8, not bad. We grabbed some water and sat down at a table waiting for our number to be called while watching some Indian music videos. Our GIANT dosa came out with 3 bowls of sauces: coconut chutney, spicy curry and what resembled a cilantro sauce. The dosa resembles a flat crispy pancake but it is made of rice and lentils. You break off the pancake and dip them into the different sauces. After we finished the dosa we polished off the remaining sauces with the spiced rice we ordered. On Saturdays and Sundays they have combo specials ($7), but they run out early. The prices are fair and I think the servings are  huge. Don't expect a fancy schmancy dining experience because everything is served in styrofoam and the ambience is similar to a cafeteria... in India. Skip the Dosa Hutt around the corner and visit this temple. Don't be intimidated because it's a temple but do your research. I know that I skipped out on many other decadent treats because I didn't!
When you hear the term "Indian Food", people immediately think spicy tandooris, non-vegetarian dishes, rotis and naans and so on. Rarely do people even stop to think about/explore south Indian cuisine. Being a real south Indian myself, I can say with confidence that this place does perfect justice to south Indian dishes, especially the "tiffen" dishes (idlis, dosas, vadas and pongals). We went there on a Thursday and the food was average, even for its standards. The chutneys and sambhars can easily taste better with a little more spice and salt in them They are toned down to cater to a wide clientele which is good - More customers that way. But the lack of choosing how spicy you want your dish to be means you're stuck with the whims and fancies of the cooks behind the counter. However, given the place is a temple canteen and not a restaurant, you cannot expect a whole lot. The food, without a doubt is worth all the money you pay for it. We took their packaged "curd" rice home and that, I have to say, was DIVINE! (Trust me, only a southie would understand the feeling of eating cold curd rice garnished with curry leaves and mustard seeds)Their snacks taste homemade and given the cost of food there, the deal as a whole is a steal. Although the food was not the best on that Thursday, I would not turn this place down entirely. They're best on the weekends when the turnover is high, thus leading to more freshly prepared stuff.
So upon recommendations of the fellow yelpers and having waited for 4 months I finally got my husband to agree to visit the Vallabh Ganpati Temple which is way tooooooo far from where we live in Brooklyn. We chose the past Sat to visit the temple of all the days as it was a numbing minus on that day. After making a few stops at the Swami Narayan Mandir and the Hindu Temple Society of N.A. we reached the temple. The temple is a gem when it comes to comparing the ones that I've seen even in India. They are expanding it and the entire atmosphere is so surreal and religious. It was worth the pain we took to reach there. After going round in circles twice we reached the temple canteen which is two flights down the temple.The food was so so. I didn't like the coconut chutney as it was too runny and tasted funny to me. My husband devours sambhar like a real connoisseur. I was surprised that he liked it 'cause to me it tasted very bland. They charged 50 cents extra for a bowl of saambhar as it is not served with Utthapam.. I also took the yoghurt rice for $2 which eventually we'd to discard as it came without any pickle.  Come on now if we are not in India, it doesn't mean you can feed anything to us without the side dishes...Apparently the canteen is being run by Bengalis and the cooks are South Indian. Real authentic south Indian I won't say so...The mysore paak was good for dessert, however it was too rich for me..Tiffinwala in curry hill takes the cake as of now when it comes to fine south Indian dining. Though my husband and I despise their charging $2 for an extra bowl of sambhar.I'll be going back but only for the temple this time and try the Dosa Hutt which has got soaring reviews on yelp..
I should have given it an extra star for atmosphere. I've fallen in love with this subterranean cafeteria, located in the basement of a Hindu temple that covers a square block on Holly Ave between Bowne and Smart streets. I've found the locals and staff to be very nice and welcoming. The dosa are nice and crisp - very good smothered with a chunk of butter. I've also enjoyed the vada, as good a dougnut as you'll get in Queens. The sambar is a wonderful combination of flavors and spice, as good as I've had anywhere in NYC. I also love the masala tea and the madras coffee, both of which contain cardamon. Wonderful, cheap breakfast fix in a spare, open, cafeteria setting. My kid likes to wave back at Ganesh himself- can true enlightenment be far behind?p.
Best South Indian place in Queens. And, all four STARs are for food and food only.It's a self service place. Crowded during weekend and one may have to wait 10-15 minutes for seat.
Fellow Flushing Yelper Michael L told me about the Ganesh Temple canteen a long time ago, and I've just never gone even though I live in the neighbourhood.  Last night I finally made the trip.  The Ganesh Temple is located in the Indian area of Flushing where there are several other Hindu temples.  I think the Ganesh Temple is probably the biggest one of the temples.  You cannot miss its stone structure when you are approaching its location.  For people who are travelling to Flushing on the subway, I recommend taking a bus to get there after you get off the train because it is quite a walk.The canteen is located in the basement of the temple.  You can enter through the entrance of the temple itself and make your way down to the canteen, but there is also a stairway around the corner on Holly Avenue that leads directly down to the canteen.  It was a Saturday night and there were people going in and out of the temple.  I think I've picked a time to try the food at the canteen when there were temple activities going on.  I made my way down the stairway from Holly Avenue and saw that the canteen was exactly that - a canteen, or a cafeteria, for the temple.  There were kids running around and families gathered at the tables.  This was clearly not a place just for people to eat and leave.  I made my way to the counter and saw the menu on a board to the side, quickly noticing that the canteen has a menu entirely of different kinds of dosa as well as a menu of other items which included dishes such as idli and vada.  I've had dosa before, but I am hardly knowledgeable on Indian cuisine.  A little bit of Googling later that night would reveal that the various items on the menu are all South Indian dishes.I had no idea what I should order, so I asked a couple looking at the menu what I should try.  And like all other Indian people with whom I've talked about Indian food, they assumed that I would prefer something not spicy.  I assured them that, oh yes, I want the spicy.  So they suggested the Spicy Hydrabadi Masala Dosa or the Spicy Paneer Butter Masala Dosa.  Being the glutton that I am, I ordered both of these dosa recommendations.  It was also suggested that I tried the mango lassi and the Madras coffee.About five minutes after placing my order, my food was ready.  There I was, the lone person who was sitting by himself amongst families of Indian people at the canteen who probably belonged to the temple, with two trays of food to himself scarfing down his dinner.  The Paneer Butter Masala Dosa had a piece of paneer butter melted on top of it.  The Hydrabadi Masala Dosa had a thin seasoned covering on the inside of the dosa.  The former was delicious, and the latter was...  even more delicious!  Both came with two dipping sauces, but neither dishes were very spicy.  I could definitely taste the spiciness but they were both pretty mild.  The mango lassi at the canteen was also great, and it wasn't as thick and filling as I've had it at a lot of Indian restaurants.After devouring these two dishes I decided to order that Madras coffee and two dessert items that I had eyed earlier: Soft Mysore Pak and Jangiri, both for $1 a piece.  The coffee actually reminded me a bit of Hong Kong-style milk tea, but milder in texture.  I usually drink my coffee black so I did not add anything in it, but it looked like some sort of creamer was already added to the madras coffee, which itself was made with both coffee beans and chicory.  The Soft Mysore Pak tasted like a block of compressed brown sugar with a crumbly top.  I think my mouth almost had a sweet implosion while eating this.  The Jangiri was chewy with crystalised sugar on top, and also very sweet.  I could not finish the Jangiri after eating the Soft Mysorea Pak.This was overall a very satisfying meal and I wish the location of the canteen wasn't so out of the way.  I am definitely going back though, as I saw that they sell individual-sized boxes of Yogurt Rice, something that I really want to try.  Also it seemed that the people and regular customers at the canteen were accustomed to people who obviously don't belong to the temple (i.e. not Indian) eating and ordering food there, because I expected them to stare at me like I don't belong, but that did not happen at all during the approximately half hour which I was there.  Other non-Indian people also went through the canteen and ordered food while I was eating, and they all looked like they were from the neighbourhood.  All in all, I counted one white guy, one Chinese guy (not counting yours truly), and...  six Chinese girls.  Proof that Chinese women love to eat!  LOL!
It was a totally different kind of experience for me. The food was simple, delicious, and so cheep. I went there with my friend and my son. When my friend was standing at the order counter, not knowing what to pick, a nice young man gave her suggestions. I bought Masala Dosa for me, Idli for my son, two mango lassis, and yogurt rice for us to share. For all of the food, it was just $9. My friend ordered Masala Dosa, Tamarind Rice, and Coke. The spice was relatively mild, but for my 8-year-old son, the food was too spicy. He was only able to eat Dosa without filling and some yogurt rice. I will buy him Paper Dosa the next time (and maybe bring strawberry jam...). I also had Madras Coffee and Masala Tea after meal, Icecream for my son, and Pondicherry Dosa to go for my husband. May be because it is in the basement of a house of worship, people are very relaxed and nice. Yes, it's just a plain hall with a bunch of folding tables and chairs under fluorescent lights, but there's something special quality to that place. It was definitely a good satisfying meal for my body and soul. I will go there again, soon.
This place was certainly interesting. I've past it plenty of times before but never went in until I found reviews on it at Yelp. I had no idea that they let non-Indian people in. At first I went in for the mango lassie, which was really cheap, only a dollar. The lunchroom looks just like a school cafeteria, you have your metal-framed foldable chairs, long tables, and plastic cups and plates. The next time I went in was to try the food, the only Indian food I've tried before was at a buffet in Florida and it was pretty good so I figured that this time would be better since It's New York. I ordered a dosa and some other thing that looked exactly like a dosa but had a different name, I forgot what it's called. But one was spicy, and the other was not. The spicy one was practically uneatable for me. It tasted like straight up pepper. The non-spicy one had a yogurt or cream-based dip I believe, and tasted quite plain to me. In the end, I could not finish the food. I would definitely not go there again for lunch. But the lassies are definitely worth it, they are so addicting and sweet.-Also it's in the basement, so there you will have to go outside to use your cellphone.
Completely unhygenic food...we were served stale food and on the top of that restaurant manager was not providing any refund to us for the stale food....I checked out their hygeine level and found out that it is rated poor....It is rated as B with 24 points, just 3 points away from an extremely poor C rating.It is unthinkable that this is being operated out of a temple premises.a816-restaurantinspectio…Search for DEVASTHANAM
The food here is just OK.  Good place to do some cheap experimentation.  I like the Kulfi pops from the fridge.  Just help yourself and give a $1 to the cashier.  No need to stand in line if you are picking up dessert after your meal.  I think the Dosas are better at Dosa Hutt around the corner.    Still an amusing place to go for a cheap thrill.
If you love spicy, well seasoned, quality, yet wallet friendly Vegetarian South Asian Cusine Ganesh's is your place. Their menu is limited consisting of a variety of Dosas, Briyanni, South Indian appetizers and snacks. I've lived in Queens all my life, and have driven up and down Kissena Blvd. more times than I can remember, but I had no idea that Ganesh's (two blocks off of Kissena) existed. It is really one of the city's South Asian vegetarian friendly culinary gems.
Everyone said it all: authentic, delicious, inexpensive.  And if you're at Queens College the BEST lunch option if you have a few extra minutes to take the bus up Kissena.  Love love love it.  I always get extra masala with my dosa and love the lassis.  Thank Ganesh for this place!
If you're in the neighborhood you have to go, but don't travel the distance for the ambiance - it's loud and cafeteria style, but definitely worth checking out for the food.  It's authentic south Indian street food, very cheap and sooo tasty.  Like Anthony Bordain said, order one of everything  and feast!
There are many experiences to be had in New York, and one of the greatest is being able to eat amazing authentic South Indian food in the basement of a vibrant Hindu temple. While I thoroughly enjoyed my dosa, uttapam, and lassi, I was more enchanted by the chaotic onslaught of Indian families, children, and religious types waiting in line for what has become a cult favorite: the canteen. 5 stars for the overall experience and people watching, 3 stars for the food itself. Don't get me wrong, Ganesh Temple provides inexpensive and tasty comfort food to its predominantly South Indian temple-goers; however, a full fledged restaurant it is not. The menu is simple: subtle variations on the dosa (thin, crispy and chewy pancake), uttapam (slightly thicker pancake), idli (steamed rice cake) and vada (savory donut). Spice quotient is average and the food is prepared quickly and efficiently -- as a means to service the masses. The sambhar (lentil curry that accompanies the dosa) did have that authentic spicy kick, but the dosa could have been a bit airier; the uttapam (which we had layered with tomatoes and spices) could have been crispier; and the coconut chutney could have had a bit more a tangy zing. But whatever, it cost ~$5 and I got to experience temple-style eating. I am not going to complain or dissuade people from making a pilgrimage. Any visit to the canteen should be followed by a quick tour of the temple itself -- the priests are very friendly and inviting and a glimpse at all of the Hindu deities will enhance your cultural experience.
The ONLY reason I didn't give this five stars is the ambiance and vibe.  But the food is 5 stars for sure.  Get your spiritual fix upstairs (though since the renovation, it has lost some of their peaceful vibes) and then go down to jostle for south indian foods.  The price is GREAT.
I like this place because it's cheap and the food is delicious. i don't order much except for masala dosa because that's what I love the most. What really irritates me is that they are cheap on the sambar. They don't give you enough for it. Maybe it's because you don't pay much for your dosa but still, i care more about the sambar than i do for the price. How are you supposed to eat a huge dosa with half a bowl of sambar?
Nice place in Queens to eat tasty, cheap Indian food. Having lived in another mini-India i.e. Bay Area of CA, can say without any doubt that this is one of best non-frills south Indian places to eat. Have been here multiple times in the two months I have moved to NY.Try it, you won't regret it.
Love this place.  It's not a go-to sit-down enjoy an afternoon lunch with friends kind of place.  So know why you're going there.  You go there when you get the craving for some simple, down home kinda food and you're thoroughly entertained by the religious drama show playing on the tv.  As others have noted: delicious, CRISPY dosas (if you get the really spicy one, yep yep, it'll be really spicy!! yay!)  Dress conservatively (ladies, I'm looking at you now that summer's here), go eat some excellent dosas and vadas, have some tea, call it a day.
I heard about this place for a while and finally went - and then went back again.  I have eaten at Dosa Hutt for years and finally went next door and tried this out.I like the Dosas.  They're very rich.  This is the main thing I like.The vada is good as well, as was a mango lassi I had.  I had some Uttapam and it was not bad.  They are generous with the amount of sambar etc. that they give you with everything.In some ways much of the food is better than at Dosa Hutt next door, or at least a change of pace.  One exception is the upma - I prefer Dosa Hutt's.  However, Dosa Hutt usually only has upma on the weekend, if that.  Also, although the temple canteen allows anyone in, I feel a little more comfortable in Dosa Hutt.
The best temple food ever!!! It beats Saravana Bhavan!!!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOMEMost of the days, the food here is fresh and on some 'bad' days the canteen does serve stale food. However, the food tastes great always!Not over-priced all. A great stop for authentic Indian Vegetarian meals/snacks.The only problem is it is sometime crowded and the staff call out token numbers. This token number system is a little annoying.If you want to go vegetarian, try this place first and you will not regret going there.
The temple is really a cool place to visit. Take off your shoes, be quiet and observe that you are in a temple. The Canteen is below and the cafeteria atmosphere is minimal,so are the prices! We paid a total of $13.50 for what we both considered a filling and delicious meal. We had Masala Dosa with two sauces on the side. Dosa seems to be a cross between a crepe and thin bread with a crusty outside. The filling is very tasty. I had something that had three words strting with B's and was like a spicy porridge with diced veges......then topped off with Lassi, yougurt based sweet drink (mango flavored was our choice). Overall this was an experience I will look to repeat often.
i can't believe the canteen is on yelp! oh for the love of god get yourselves here.....you can have a meal fit for a king and all for under 6bucks! beat that! note: they give you a number while you wait. all credit cards are accepted...wait. what?!a temple that accepts plastic? ALL PLASTIC?!open from 9am-9pm is this a joke? do they deliver?and they're online. HA HA ! nyganeshtemple.org/home.…
I came here only because Anthony Bourdain did and I want to be like him. First off, they only take cash. The menu is difficult to understand if you don't recognize the Indian names for dishes. I went with the pictures as best as I could, plus my notes from Bourdain about getting the marsala dosa and then the fried savory donuts. Those were great. However, to fill the rest of appetite I tried the lunch special for $8 a little bit of 8 things like sauteed eggplant with rice, crispy thin crackers (?), a mysterious thick strong pungent paste, 4 dishes of two veggie stews, sour yogurt, & a coconut cilantro sauce. All of which was interesting, but didn't really hit the spot. I suppose that I was expecting something like rich buttery tikka marsala with thick pieces of naan. Perhaps I ordered the wrong stuff. I will definitely come again to try other things. If only someone would help me :(
if i could...i would give this place 3 1/2 stars.  its a pretty amazing temple.  and the experience of eating in the basement is pretty fun too.  but the food wasnt quite as amazing as i had hoped.  we ordered the mysore masala dosa which is my favorite.  the filling was yummy and the spice was spot on.  but the crepe itself was soggier than i would have liked.  i saw that someone suggested to order it crispy, but when i tried...they didnt exactly respond to my request.  the sambar was delicious and they give you a generous portion of coconut chutney.  overall, i still think my favorite is in new jersey or house of dosa in hicksville.
the dosas were part of the fond memories i have of flushing when i first moved to new york and settled down in flushing. i was never crazy about the shabby authentic chinese joints, as i'd rather enjoy them back home in china or whatever, so what i truly missed from the bay area was the amazing dosas in sunnyvale/santa clara, and this place helped me reconcile. i found this place on yelp and made it a mission to check it out. very glad i did. yummy, affordable dosas in a peaceful, clean and laid back temple. if i still lived in the area now i would go out there for brunch every sunday!
