First time ordering from here and I will definitely be ordering again. I had the chicken korma, which was phenomenal. Also tried the saag chicken. Not a vegetable person but that was delicious. My dad had the shrimp chilly dish, which is rated as two chillis for spiciness. He is used to spicy foods and he admitted that he could feel the heat, but he loved it. They gave us a sample of the coconut rice pudding (coconut kheer). It was perfect to cool down your mouth after all the food and was not overly sweet. Will get an order of that the next time! Ordering over the phone was a pleasant experience.
We ordered from this place from Seamless and we ordered a variety of food, the mixed vegetable curry, the fried vegetarian momos, the onion-garlic naan, and the chili paneer. The food, overall was pretty good, minus the naan which we felt wasn't like the normal naan we were used to because it was pretty darn thick for naan. Hubby and I usually have 0 problems finishing off 2 pieces of naan, but we, together, could only eat 1.5 pieces of this one! The chili paneer was tasty, as was the mixed vegetable curry. The fried momos were mostly ok, but I found them to be a bit soggy because it was a while between when they were fried and when we got them. I think if i order momos again, I'd go steamed if I got delivery. The only reason why I'm knocking them down a star is because of the naan, momos, and the fact that my delivery was a bit late. My husband and I were getting ready to call them (15 mins late at that point) when we heard our doorbell ring. So, keep in mind if you do plan to order from them, do so ahead of time. Overall though, we found the food to be delicious and we will definitely order from them again!
This place made me happy. Starting with good service and a pleasant ambience to well prepared food it is all so good. I ordered aloo Gobi and Minakshi ordered saag paneer whilst we also added malai kofta with some lachcha paratha and garlic naan and onion chilli naan with yogurt raita. The food was prepared with love and attention. For once it was good to find a place where there was no need to complain about anything. We all enjoyed. You will to. I'm sure of it.
I'm a vegan well I try to be & I love that they have vegan options. Some of their vegetarian dishes might have dairy in it. I can call & ask or you can bc I didn't really bother in case they weren't sure bc theyre front desk not kitchen. I just chose the obvious options labeled "vegan" like the vegetable fried rice which was sooo good. As well as the fried vegetable momo dumplings. They came with two sauces one yellow the other red which had a sweet taste to it. The food was soo good. Delivery was also on time as estimated. I would def order from this place in the future!
The best kept culinary secret in Queens. I'm frankly surprised that Maspeth has something this good. Authentic, delicious Indian (&a Nepalese) food, at fair prices, delivered quickly and piping hot. If you haven't tried them, you're missing out. Oh, & they deliver relatively late as well. Solid 5 stars, this is my go-to spot when I want something awesome that won't let me down.
Went on a walk and randomly came across Spice Kitchen. We were the only ones in the place but they seemed busy with deliverys. The Food here is AMAZING. The soup is so good and the coffee is out of this world ( yes, the coffee) service was great too. We got three starters and three mains, Which were all so good. Although the  goat curry had ALOT of bones in it. If you pay in cash you get a 10% discount. The price is so reasonable, for three people the total was 56.00 dollars and we were well feed. 100% will be back :)
Great place to enjoy an authentic Indian food. From chicken Tikka Masala to Tandori Mix Grill, everything is absolutely finger licking good!!. I would definitely order from here again and i also recommend you to do so!!. the momos and the Chicken Tikka masala here are the best in town. Yummyy
Delicious lunch special! We've eaten in and picked up and each time they haven't failed.
Definitely one of the best Indian restaurant in Elmhurst! The naan and the paneer is nice a thick, and chocked full of flavor! And a very good price. Highly recommend!
The worst and irresponsible management...I had been to my friends place around and we ordered some food;it was Tuesday night and normally these days aren't sooo busy.After waiting for two hours,Our food didn't showed up so we called and the guy who picked up our phone told us that the food is already out.So we decided to wait but after waiting for more half an hour,We called them back and we cancelled the order as we were getting late and carving with hunger.We went to the Mexican cuisine nearby to eat something and finally left for home.That is one of the worst experience of my life regarding delivery.These places are opened just for making money as they lack hospitality and true customer service.
I was giving up on finding a great Indian place that was close to where my husband and I lived. They shut down my favorite spot we used to go to just to pick up their food. Luckily, I was craving Indian and tried yelp once more to find this little gem. We ordered that samosa chat and vegetable biryani. So hot and delicious! The flavor was amazing, I couldn't believe it! I'm so excited to try the chicken tikka and other dishes next time. The food was so flavorful and excellent. Now I'm happy to call this our new Indian spot!
Good service and every time I most had chicken with curry and nan ,taste so good!I will come back again
We had a wonderful dinner here tonight. The chicken korma was perfectly spiced. The sauce was wonderful. The naan was one the best I have tasted. The okra dish was also fantastic. If I lived closer, I would be here all the time. Definitely eat at this place when you can.
Food was incredibly delicious.  Just the right amount of spiciness.  Got the samosa chat as appetizers based on the recommendation.  I normally get regular samosas but the samosa chat was so flavorful! Chicken tikka marsala is very creamy and good.  The lamb curry is also good.  The lamb meat was very tender and soft.  The kind that falls apart in your mouth easily.  We dipped the leftover sauces in our garlic naan bread and finished with a sweet and creamy mango lassi.  10/10 will come back again!  Next time I'll go during their lunch specials!Also the service was courteous and great.  The 2 young waiters were patient, well-mannered, smiled, and made us feel welcomed.  They came at just the right times to ask how our meals were.  Highly recommended!
Awesome Indian food delivered to our door after long day of travel. The nan bread and okra dish was really good as was the mango lassie. Everything was excellent quality and they agreed to deliver to us although we were just out of their area which was very nice and highly appreciated.
I have eaten at various Indian restaurant throughout the world (including London, where Indian food is supposedly the "best in the world" ). I always find myself coming back to Spice Kitchen. The food here is phenomenal, and some of the best I've had from a restaurant. The atmosphere is clean and cozy. Just picked up their chicken vindaloo lunch special today. They're probably the fastest delivery I've also experienced too. If you haven't eaten here yet, do yourself a favor and stop in, It will be well worth it. Great job Spice Kitchen!!!
Spice Kitchen dropped a menu off at my home in Ridgewood in the last week or so. We ordered delivery last night when our usual Indian & Nepalese place was closed. Spice Kitchen blows my usual out of the water! Very friendly service, on time, and delicious food. The amazing aromas of our order jumped out at me as soon as I opened the door to sign for the food. We had chicken momos, bhindi masala, and chicken makhani - all delish, beautifully spiced and seasoned, and good sized portions. I just finished my bhindi masala for breakfast and I already can't wait to order again. I am looking forward to trying more dishes especially veggie momos and chicken sadeko. If the food I ate last night was any indication they will far surpass the previous versions of those dishes that I have enjoyed. An enthusiastic five stars!Full disclosure, I live near the Maspeth border - not sure how far into Ridgewood they deliver.
Ordered Chicken Sekuwa and Lamb Rosh Logan and it was my first time trying Nepalese food. I am completely obsessed with the cilantro chutney sauce that came with the chicken! The curry was great too, can't wait to try more!
I ordered a few times from here now. Their biryani tastes pretty good. It is very flavorful and has generous portions of meat too. The garlic naan I ordered was decent too. I like how they give you a side of plain rice and garnish it with peas and carrots. I tried their cauliflower appetizer which was also pretty good. Samosa chaat is ok too, not the best I have had. I really like their service. Try the vegetable fried rice, the veggies are cooked just right. One time they sent me the wrong order and when I called them they were very apologetic and resent my original order pretty soon. The kid who delivers food seems very polite and diligent. Will order again.
I was invited by a few friends that really wanted me to try the good food here,mainly because I love spicy.However I am vegan  which they are aware of and was certain I would  be able to get my money's worth at this spot.THE MENUE  states V on some of its dishes but just to be certain I ask the manager on duty if the vegetable dishes like vegetable pakoras are fried separately or is it fried In The same oil  use to fry chicken fish and their other meat dishes on the menus. He was honest enough to let me know although is states V  for some vegetarian dishes they are All prepared with the same oil use for their  meat dishes    I APPRECIATED HIS HONESTY BUT IF YOU ARE LIKE ME THAT FOLLOWS THE STRICK VEGAN DIET BE AWARE  eat at your own risk
Clean! Good service! tasty food. Will definitely return. Will try delivery also. Have recommended to friends and they agree Just came from Florida yesterday. Lunch today was delivery. Excellent choice. I really like this restaurant
Ordered the chicken Marsala and the flavor was out of this world. The garlic nan was also delicious, I could probably eat it alone as a meal! We also ordered the chicken kabob and it was good. The only reason why I gave it a 4/5 was because I thought the chicken was a little dry. The lemon on the side definitely helped add flavor and made the chicken kabob less dry. Overall, the food was great and I will definitely be going back.
Went today around 5pm with my boyfriend (it was actually pretty empty) . We are both vegetarians and have never tried Indian food. The service was great, our waiters checked on us just the right amount of times. The food tastes great, nice size portions. We had an appetizer, two main courses and dessert. Our bill was lower than I expected which was a great surprise. We will be going there again!!
I've ordered from this restaurant several times and each time it is delicious . The food comes hot and in an appropriate amount of time. The tikka masala is my go to. The chicken is fresh and perfectly cooked. They don't give you a ton of chicken but I'm all about quality over quantity. Honestly everything I've tried from this place has been a home run. I hope they keep it up because I can't find a better place nearby.
One of our favorite Indian cuisine- great flavors-- nepalese dishes are also wonderful - service is attentive and polite- chicken sekuwa and samosa chat - wonderful appetizers
Great service. Food - not so much. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala. Dish came with 3 pieces of chicken and was not even remotely spicy. My bf was hungry afterwards. This dish usually has a bit of a kick to it. Not this time. Wanted to combine an order of fried and steamed dumplings and was told that wasn't possible. Strange. Fried dumplings were not that great. Also got the Sag Paneer. This is usually my favorite Indian dish. It was not good as it had too much onion which was overcooked. I got a bit sick afterwards.
While cruising down Grand Ave on a cold winter solstice night, my man and I decided on an impromptu date night.  I quickly busted out my phone and started yelping away...when suddenly the lit up name sign and the "A" in the window made me search for Spice Kitchen.... What a hidden little Indian and Nepalese spot! Great reviews on yelp is what made me decide we were having Indian!  We loved their tasty veggie samosas, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani and garlic naan.  The mango lassi was deliciously refreshing! Will most indubitably be back for more soon! So happy to know this gem is right in my neighborhood. Loved it!
Great service and great Indian food. Mixed tandoori grill and chicken tikka masala were fantastic.  Fried dumplings take a while to come out bc they make them fresh, they were worth the wait. We will definitely be back!
I've ordering from this place quite a few times, and I must say that their food is worth any dime spent.
We discovered this little gem on our last trip to NYC about a year ago. We had our first meal out here this trip and we weren't disappointed!The waiters were as friendly and helpful as before and the food was still delicious and plentiful.We especially enjoyed the Vegetable Momo with Chili Sauce and the Goat Vindaloo.We'll be back as often as we can whenever we're in town.
Ordered takeout via grubhub and wow I am speechless we have been wanting to try out the food but haven't gotten around to it. Last night tray all changed and we ordered food and oh man it was exquisite.First off Wanka was ok (as a Peruvian) this place blows it out of the water for prices, portion and flavor! We ordered:Vegetable Samosas: solid samosas that I could eat over and over and over and over and over. Perfectly crisp with a smooth spicy center of godly veggie fillings.Cauliflower appetizer: this one was confusing it was a less sweet sauce reminiscent of a general tsaos sauce but with like more flavors. It was still good but I didn't expect that kind of sauce.Chicken biryani: 10 out of 10 gold my husband really loved it it was was a huge portion absolutely something two to three people could share or 1-2 with leftovers. The rice was fragrant and well spiced with a good portion of juicy well seasoned and cooked chicken. It's def gonna be a frequent order for the hubs.Yellow lentil dal dish (with a name a can't be bothered to butcher): large portions and large flavors again this came with delicious fragrant rice again something that will supply leftovers unless your ravenously hungry or have a large appetite.Chai tea: I'll be honest I totally forgot this was a dairy bev. And my lactard self can't drink it but my mom loved it!Don't miss out on this place guys it's quality Indian food and I am so happy to have it in my neighborhood!! I will definitely be trying this again maybe next time I will try the Himalayan food.
Really great food and friendly, warm and attentive service. We had chicken makhani, chicken tikka massala, garlic naan and paratha, which were all delicious and full of flavor. Highly recommended.
Great place! Thanks to my fellow yelpers who helped me find a tasty indian restaurant. Small but cozy. Good service and good portions for the price. Tikka chicken masala, basmatti rice and pouri bread was delish! Definitely recommend. Take advantage: pay with cash & get 10% off your bill
I love this place! My standards for Indian food are pretty high and they meet it. Since I have Indian friends who cook, I am used to excellent homemade delights. Only Spice Kitchen can compare to my friends' food so I order all the time. Staff is super nice and friendly; I find the décor simple and cozy and love the cleanliness and incense fragrance. Highly recommend the coconut chicken with lassi and rice pudding for dessert. Top notch!!!
Came here with my dad for dinner. We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, Garlic and Onion Chili Naan. Great flavors. Tikka masala was creamy and sweet, lamb vindaloo had just the right amount of tang and spice. The fresh warm naan is a pleasure to mop up the sauce with.Their masala chai tea is also great if you like chai tea. Since I was having the spicy vindaloo, I ordered a sweet lassi for myself so I have something to soothe the burn if it got too intense. Tasty stuff.The staff are friendly and courteous. The interior is neat and spacious. Quite excited to try their other offerings next time.
This is one of my fav india restaurant,,, the food it's delicious ,,,  clean restaurant ,,, fast delivery ,,,
We really love spice kitchen. We have been ordering food from spice kitchen a lot and every time delivery is either on time or earlier than that. No doubt that food is great. We love fried chicken Momo.
Delicious food, great staff, definitely going back!The chef came over and asked if we enjoyed our meal, and humbly asked if he could improve!Real people, real good food!
So excited to have a great Indian restaurant like this in this neighborhood! Ordered some take out: veg samosas, malai kofta and naan. I was worried at first that the food would be bland - but boy was I surprised - It was So TASTY and full of FLAVOR! Yummy for the tummy! Can't wait to try their lunch special next time!
I've made an order, it's came very soon. However they mixed our order. We got a totally different soon as we asked for, so I called back, they didn't pick up and never called back. The food was terrible. Also I asked for not spicy for the children and everything was spicy.
So worth eating here! Amazing dishes!! Flavors are wonderful. Not too spicy just right. The staff members are polite makes you feel welcomed.
I had the lunch special:So this place actually made me come out of my Yelp hibernation because after eating here I felt obligated to write a review because it was so good.First off, the service was excellent, staff was nice, attentive, etc. But the real winner is the food. Not only was the lunch special a great deal (you get a curry, naan, rice, dal, soda, and a small rice pudding), it was extremely delicious.I would argue its the one of the best Indian food and possibly one of my new favorite restaurants in this area.At first I was sad that the Peruvian chicken place was gone, but I don't actually care anymore.
We've ordered food from here a few times and it's great everytime.  The chicken tikka masala and chicken biryani is awesome!
Ordered delivery and it arrived early. Ordered samosa chaat, sag paneer, tikka masala, chicken biryani, and garlic naan. It was all delicious, and I recommend to others in the area.
Best freaking Indian food I've had in years.  And super fast delivery too. The chicken tikka was absolutely out of this world. We had the usual fare and all I have to say is wow. Best of all I didn't have to leave my borough. Queens best kept secret hands down.
Absolutely best momo (dumplings) in the town!! I am a  big momo fan and this place never disappoints me. i had Chicken Steam momo, chicken chilly and chowmein. the food was really good and I recommend you all to try food here. i know you would like it too. :)
Really delicious food! This is probably the best Indian restaurant in the area (I also love Dera in Jackson heights). When I first stepped in, I was worried their food would be like Tangra Masala. Another nepalese owned halal Indian restaurant. But nope. The food is yummy, not bland at all.if you don't like spicy, you have to tell them you want it mild.I love their momos (very spicy). The kati rolls are made with naan bread (im so used to paratha breads), but the sauce was yummy. All the entrees were good. I had chicken tikka masala, makhani, and biryani lamb (spicey).The only con is the prices. Definitely order lunch specials, and please add more items to the lunch menu.
Very glad we found this place. Only opened for about 6 months with good ratings which we agreed!!! It offers multi cultural choices, Nepalese, Himalayan, Indian. The staff is very friendly, food tastes authentic.  Strongly recommended. Lunch special 11-3pm and the restaurant takes a break at 3pm.  Make sure you get there by 2pm if to plan on eating in for lunch.
Great food and it really is a great addition to Grand Avenue. Real authentic taste and great price. Will definitely come back again!
The food is so tasteful.  Beyond delicious.  Must try the chicken Tikka masala, and coconut chicken.  Mmm mmm. Mmm.  The people are friendly and provide excellent customer service
This restaurant is fantastic.This is my second time dine in here. I ordered couple of times for delivery too.the foods was hot and fresh and more importantly they delivered on perfect timing as they scheduled .Here's food quality is unbelievable. The bread is fresh and hot , curries are vibrant. Fried chicken momo( dumpling ) are super delicious and mango lassi just WOW.So It will be unfair if I rate them below five star.. I wish I can give more than that .
Ordered delivery via Yelp Eat.  Delivery time was very fast within 40 min.  I ordered veggie samosa and chicken vindaloo.  Both are really fresh and authentic, vindaloo is very flavorful.  Definitely will try to dine in next time!
new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood very good,I had the goat curry with garlic nan bread the flavor was  delicious,The service was on point,I will definitely be back with my friends.
Their food was pretty yummy.   Bold flavors, huge portions and great prices!  I ordered delivery for dinner and it came in good timing.  I def had a full portion to eat for lunch the next day!  The yummy goat Kati roll was huge
I live in Astoria and my Dad was in town from Texas.  We found this place Yelp and wanted to check it out.  Let me to tell you-the food here is authentic and exquisite!! My Dad enjoyed it so much and wanted to drink the sauce from his meal!  If you want amazing Indian food come to Maspeth and check this place out!! Great service too!
Great test. it is my 4th delivery order. all time hot and testy food on time. today's chicken soup is superb.. vegetable and chicken mo mo are  awesome and impressive .....
We ordered the Goat Saag and Chicken Korma; both were delicious and the portions were generous. The service was also wonderful. PS. 10% off your bill if you pay with cash!
I came to this restaurant with my 7 yr old daughter last Friday and ordered 2 lunch dishes. My daughter loves Indian Cuisine but  never tried a mix of Nepalese with Indian. I ordered one dish with curry goat and the other with chicken tikka masala. Both dishes were pretty large portions and very flavorful. The spices were similar to Indian dishes but slightly more mild, yet equally fragrant. THe goat meat was very tender and truly yummy. The service was attentive, helpful and pleasant. We left with full bellies and smiles. I'm very glad to see more diverse eateries in Maspeth.
Excellent food and service.  We were a party of 6-  ordered an assortment of appetizers and entrees with chai tea and garlic naan- everything was delicious at very reasonable prices. We were even given complementary dessert samples since we ordered many dishes. We will definitely return again.
I was there recently for an afternoon visit.it was not crowded. Pleasant and relaxing environment. It is a good sized restaurant. One doesn't feel cramped.The food was excellent. Indian food prepared right. It was an ample serving for the price.The service was excellent.
Went there for lunch with few friends. Ordered chicken soup, chilli paneer, vegetarian chowmein and chicken fried momos. Momos were good! Else the food was too sour. Even though we mentioned to the server we like it spicy. would not return.
I meant to take a picture but the food smelled so good I had to dive right in. I ordered through GrubHub and food came in good time and was nice and hot. I ordered the Chicken Makhani and Chili Onion naan! The food was the bomb and I would definitely order from here over and over!!!!!
Fantastic. I consistently order from this place because of how delicious and great the food is. You will not regret it.
It was very good. Even though I am hispanic I come to eat here for lunch and dinner. For the past 3 months.
Don't write reviews often but this place really deserved it. This Indian - Nepalese restaurant is my new favorite. The chicken saag and lamb vindaloo were delicious!  The lunch special from 11-3pm is also an amazing deal I wouldn't miss.  I've eaten at the restaurant and had takeout but highly recommend going to the restaurant for the full experience.
The food is so delicious!  We usually order the coconut chicken and vegetable samosa.  The chicken tikki marsala is a favorite of ours also.  The have the best garlic roti for dipping.  I highly recommend the place to eat in or take out!
excellent..excellent food.... service was great. i order take out, and even after a few minutes the food tasted fresh and delicious.. i have to say this is hands down one my favorite Indian restaurants in the area.. ill have to come back to try their napalese food.
Ordered last night and I was happy that I did. Their food taste good. My husband also liked it. Would order again if we'll crave for an indian food...
Great chicken tikka.  Rice.  Super fresh naan.  Place is real big.  Spacious.  Nice.  Check it out
Best Indian in the area hands down !! 5 stars all the way. We order takeout weekly and have yet to be disappointed. The spice is perfect and the sag paneer is just wow
I love this spot. It has become my new favorite spot to get Indian food. Personally, I enjoy a larger curry to meat ratio , and I think this place does it right that you wouldn't feel skimped. I do love their chicken tikka masala and if you request it to be extra spicy ( as I do) it comes just right. My boyfriend loves to get their saag paneer and another favorite is their chana masala. Their lunch special is also great to get as it comes with a curry, daily dhal, rice, naan, and a drink. Nice place to stop for lunch and then head to queens center. =]
Great food, and a welcome addition to Grand Ave.  Excellent taste, price and atmosphere.
Questionable that all the reviews are 5 stars.  I ordered delivery from here through Eat24, and lets just say I won't be ordering again.  I did receive the delivery on time... which is why I gave 2 stars.  However, they forgot the soda.  They don't offer onion chutney, and their "tomato chutney" is really just a creamy tomato sauce similar to tikka masala sauce.  Their papad and bread were terrible.  Many other options in the area that are much better.
So many flavors blended in an amazing tasteful way. Our waitress was great and explained what we were eating.
Food is delicious.  Order the chicken korma.  Service is excellent.  The plain naan was great dor dipping.
Excellent Indian food!! Very happy the neighborhood has a go to place for my Indian food cravings. The vegetable samosas were delicious and if you love hot food the chicken vindaloo was perfect over basmati rice! The only thing I would love for them to add to that would be peas. It had chicken of course and potatoes and I believe strands of carrots where as some other Indian restaurants added peas to that dish as well. Otherwise very very delicious!!
Real taste of  Nepalese and  Indian foods.cozy environment . All staff are very friendly and excellent service.A most try place.
Best Somosa chat ever, this is the best Indian around for miles and their deliveries always arrive hot and the drivers are always very pleasant.
Great place have ordered numerous times and tastes just as good every time!! Chicken tikka masala relish Yum
Food is delicious. The food is authentic and not your average Indian food. Because they just opened up they're giving discounts on prices. Even with the discounts I thought the prices were high. Overall waiters are great. Clean place too.
Just finished my dinner which I ordered through seamless, food is very spicy! I'm still in tears but definitely enjoyed the food which comes in a substantial portion; delivery was on time and the delivery person seemed friendly enough for the five seconds I interacted with him! This is definitely the best Indian food I have sampled while living in the Ridgewood, Bushwick, Maspeth area
Ordered take out, delicious food! Saag paneer kicks a** - flavor is off the charts tasty and satisfying! Chicken steamed momos also were great, possibly the tastiest I've ever had! Can't wait to eat in someday.
It is easy in New York to find a multitude of ethnic foods, but not every restaurant delivers a product that has you thinking about your next visit as you're paying the bill and leaving. Spice Kitchen does just that. The decor is simple and inviting and the service is outstanding. My husband is gluten intolerant and the waiter was able to guide him through his menu options. The food is well seasoned (spiced) without being overpowering. We started with an order of Lasuni Gobi, a crispy cauliflower in a garlic and tomato sauce, which only increased our anticipation of what was coming next. My husband ordered the Tandoori Chicken and I ordered the Goat Curry. Both dishes exceeded our expectations as far as flavor and the size of the portions. If you are willing to leave your credit card in your wallet, they are currently offering a 10% discount if you pay cash. This food is outstanding and it is priced just right. We highly recommend this little gem in the middle of Maspeth, Queens.
I love Spice Kitchen. Their food is amazing and very flavorful, everything is done perfectly and the service is great. I love the variety and whatever you choose it is always done very well, and it's not just spicy but flavorful . I love their chicken tikka, and my husband usually gets a tandori mixed dish of some sort-their appetizers are wonderful, try the pakoras and my vegatarian friend eats here with us because they have great vegetarian dishes. I hope they do well because it's right in our neighborhood and we eat here weekly. Try Spice Kitchen, you won't be disapointed.
So happy with the great new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Had saag paneer and Mali kofta for dinner and was delighted with the taste and flavor--great job chef!  We'll definitely be back again. We highly recommend this new place--a must try in Maspeth.
Went to Spice Kitchen sunday afternoon with my family.  Service was excellent and the food was amazing.  We had Veggie Pakora -- crisp and a touch spicy, Naan -- cooked to perfection and freshly made, Chicken Korma -- meat was tender and sauce delicious, Chicken Tikka Masala  -- mouthwatering good!  and Saag Paneer -- delicious!  So happy this restaurant is in the neighborhood -- it has been lacking an Indian restaurant for a few years.  Glad to hear they deliver and the price is right!  Also 15% extra because of grand opening -- so you should definitely go and try it.  The service was quick and the staff was very nice and accommodating.  We didn't get dessert because we were so full from the food, but I bet it will also be good.  Can't wait to go back!
