Finally an amazing local Indian restaurant.   Went Thursday night with 4 friends.  We ordered pretty much one of everything to share and were not disappointed with anything!   The food was amazing and the service was incredibly attentive.    We made a reservation, and it was a good thing we did, because the place was packed!
Apparently I didn't have the same experience as the others. Made reservations for table of 6 on a Sunday at 6 pm. Ordered a bottle of wine which was placed on the table unopened with no glasses for about 10 minutes. Had to ask to have it opened . Two kids in the party ordered two Spites that we asked for 3x before getting. Ordered several appetizers which all came out at different times and the food felt very rushed. Then when we went to order dessert he took one persons order and began to walk away - had to call him back! Food was good but not best I've had and there was little spice even when asked for medium. Maybe they need to work out the kinks but I'm not sure I'll go back.
Great Indian food ....not your traditional stereotypical flavors.  Service and Ambiance was very welcoming as well.
My wife and I visited for the second time and it did not disappoint! Such amazing food, atmosphere and a wonderful staff. What a breath of fresh air for Westwood.
The food is wonderful, unfortunately it is overshadowed by horrible service.  Our first dinner here was a train wreck, service-wise.  But the food brought us back tonight.  The service remains terrible.  I popped my head in during construction and spoke w/2 very nice young businessmen who said it was "Their place."  Now I only see a a middle-aged+ man on-site saying it's his restaurant.  Whomever owns it, never trained their wait staff.  No smiles.  No attention to detail. No follow up.  Dhaba's chef is doing a wonderful job, but the front of the house will drive business away! I personally don't go out to dinner to be annoyed, so now it's a takeout joint for me!
Really enjoyed everything about this place. Local, authentic, and great food. Watch for the "fully flavored" entree's as they can be a little overwhelming. I had a traditional crepe that was so big at first I thought it was a joke. But delicious, light, and provided some insight to the great meal to follow. The staff is friendly and competent and when asked, made terrific suggestions.!Food service was well paced and professional. We were sitting next to seasoned pros of the place and it had only been open for a few weeks. One couple had eaten dinner there five times. OK? it's a winner. You won't be disappointed. BYOB.
Great food and service, happy to have a legit Indian restaurant in the area!  Came here with 6 people and ordered several dishes "family style" ... everything was delicious.
Appetizers were very good, dishes were on the money, would give them 5 stars but their roti can improve bit more and their Naan was good but the chili naan was good. I like this place it has a nice ambience overall very good food.
