So glad this opened up in the neighborhood!! Really good handmade dumplings and noodle soupss, definitely going to be my new goto spot!
I ate their once and had the Lo mein noodles with chicken. They were great and I couldn't stop eating.
Went to buy take out today. It was quick and they offer u a free green tea while u wait.
I just tried the new La Salle, which opened on West End Avenue,  and I'm so relieved,  that I have a new Chinese food spot! I've lived in the neighborhood for 10 years and have been waiting for a good Chinese place to open close by. I'm a real stickler for soup dumplings,  since I'm a fan of Red Farm and Joe's Shanghai in China town,  so was hesitant to order, but to my pleasant surprise, the pork and kimchi was amazingly tasty,  without being overwhelming. Also,  if you like cold sesame noodles, they were really good,  without being too heavy,  which most other Chinese restaurants tend to make the peanut sauce heavy. Check out this new spot,  it's really quite good.
Maybe I just came on a bad night. Maybe I'm just too used to the southern hospitality back in Texas. But out of all the food restaurants that I've tried in NYC... this one is the least impressive. Besides La Salle's really tasty dumplings... the food is not all a restaurant should be about. Having loud conversations between employees, eating food in front of customers (and obviously not washing your hands after), and bringing dogs out from the kitchen will just make one want to reconsider coming to this joint.
This place was great for dinner before going to Lincoln Center. I highly recommend the soup dumplings!
Small Restaurant with only few seats. All their recommended dishes are great: Soup Dumplings (fave:kimchi), beef scallion pancake (so good), and beef with peppers (spicy, but yummy! The beef is so tender and juicy.). I've had the beef noodle soup before and the broth was bland. However, the good makes up for the bad. Make sure not to order to-go or delivery. You have to eat the food right when it comes out of the kitchen to appreciate the taste! Cons:Music- too loud. A bit pricey.
Just ordered a side of kimchee from this place and literally received a spoonful. Call me crazy but if I order a $5 side of anything, it needs to feed more than an infant size belly!  Just saying!
Was excited for this place when it first opened and it does not disappoint. I've eaten here many times and every time the food has been excellent. I have the shrimp dumplings and the pork+crabmeat soup dumplings on different occasions and both have the very fresh handmade taste.Some people may dismiss this as expensive Chinese food, but the food is not your standard takeout and the servings are plentiful. Chicken and Broccoli, Szechuan tofu, General Tso chicken all taste delicious.The place itself is small but has a cool rustic vibe. The service is also great. Genuinely hope this place is here to stay.
Its a cute little neighborhood place. I had the shrimp dumplings and they were excellent!
We have ordered from La Salle twice now and I've been pleased for the most part. The dumplings are very tasty and have been the best I've found so far on the UWS. Recently I ordered the ramen and found that it was just alright, nothing amazing. I've had a good experience with the chicken and broccoli as well as the General Tso's chicken. A little pricey but for the area, I guess the prices are about average.
Just ate here for the first time with my husband and our grandson, and loved our meal.  All the dumplings we tried were terrific (my fave was the pork with kimchee), and we enjoyed the scallion pancakes too.  We live very close by and are very happy to have this place here.  Will be back very soon to try more!!
Best place on upper Westside for dumplings, bao, and Chinese food.  Service was great. I know they only opened a few weeks ago, so we were thrilled we got a chance to try it tonight. Highly recommend a mango slush...like dessert in a glass.
This is a pretty good place to get lunch. But I didn't see the FDA rating so that made me a little nervous.
Had a wonderful early dinner with nice assortment of the dumplings and an order of dried green beans. Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was prompt and attentive without being overbearing or rushed. Would highly recommend going and I will return soon for more.
First time at this new, delicious location. Homemade dumplings delicious chicken with broccoli and many other delicacies. Will be back!
Came here on vacation and was craving dumplings seen this place was near my hotel and decided to walk here. Great little place with a nice atmosphere. The pork dumplings are to DIE for! We also tried the scallion pancake and shrimp lo mein...excellent!
I thought the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings were OK, nothing to rave about but certainly tasty. Also got the Chicken with Broccoli and White Rice and again just OK. Looking at all these other fabulous 5 ratings maybe I missed something and will have to try it again. I enjoy my local place on 9th Ave around 47th not sure I could put name in review. But dumplings much better.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Tried Reg dumplings, soup dumplings, seaweed salad, Bok choy, and 10 ingredient fried rice.all were great! Professional service, very quick, can't wait to return!!
I am not usually a huge fan of Chinese food but this place is the exception. I love the dumplings here, they are not super greasy and nice and crisp or super soft depending on what you like. The smoothies are made with real fruit right in front of you with no sugar added. The staff is super friendly and nice. This will be a new spot we will go or now.
We just tried La Salle and it's amazing! We had the soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings and lo mein. All were excellent, but definitely try the soup dumplings if you come here. Service was great and quick, and they deliver! It's in our neighborhood so we're going to be ordering from here a lot.
This place just opened. I'd recommend giving it a try.  For a small place, they have a decent amount of seating. Set-up is simple, but very clean and nicely decorated. The soup dumplings (xiao long baos) were very solid and excellent for a predominantly white neighborhood.  Flavors were authentic and true to taste.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with soup dumplings, these are soft pork meatballs in soup broth wrapped in rice flour - the soup spills out in a delicious cascade of meaty goodness when you chomp down on them.  Price is $8-9 for batch, but the baos are also slightly bigger than the ones you'd find in Flushing or Chinatown.  They also have a variety of entrees, including large bowls of noodle soups, rice dishes, and stir fry.  I tried the spicy shredded beef and peppers.  Again, it was very authentic to taste, not too greasy, and not too salty.  The bubble teas could use some work - perhaps they should try a different recipe or try flavors without powder.   This restaurant will definitely be a neighborhood regular for me.
Food was so-so, and would give it a 3.  Pancake not crispy, dumpling skin too thick, etc.  What brought it to a one was two things.  They only have one bathroom with one stall (gender neutral), which they share with the bagel shop next door (same owners). Someone was in the bathroom for 10 minutes, not responding to knocks, and frequently running the hand dryer and sink.  When he emerged it turned out he was the restaurant's bike delivery person.  I commented that 10 minutes was a long time, and that there were people waiting.  He responded saying - you think 10 minutes is long, and then locked himself back in the bathroom.  I had to get the manager to get him out, and the manager didn't even reprimand him.  (Would you want this guy to deliver your food?).  Second, we asked for two things to be packaged as takeaway - the scallion pancake, so we can make it crispier at home, and the tofu.  The server put them both in the same container, making everything into an unappetizing soggy mess. Never had that happen anywhere.
