Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 3.5/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 3.5/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Food, service, decor all very nice - decent choice for a nicer sit-down south asian spot.  However, feels like some of the other raving reviews are a bit over the top.  Great deal at brunch.
My favorite Indian spot in TriBeCa. So good, from the food to the service. My husband and I love this place. Absolutely get the prawns special, they always have it and the sauce is so good. Make sure to order some garlic naan with it to scoop up the sauce. The chicken tikka masala is great, as well as the dhal lentils. We pretty much get the same food everytime but are trying to taste the rest of the menu. Will provide update on new menu items next time. Def a great spot and I highly recommend it.
Had a sketchy experience last night where both my boyfriend and I's debit cards declined. . . There was 0 reason our debit cards would decline. Neither of them. Shortly after my boyfriend left to get another card I got a text from my bank stating they have recognized a fraudulent transaction and asking confirmation if I was at this location at this time on this day. I confirmed. Told me to try my transaction again in 5 minutes. Instead of investigating with the waiter who at this point already came back 3 times to tell us both of our cards declined, we were too embarrassed so just let the credit card go through and I called my bank immediately as I stepped out.  A representative had told me it raised awareness for fraudulent activity due to multiple transactions at 1 time. There was 1 transaction for our bill, $198.42, and then another for $407. This is why it automatically declined.My boyfriend looked at his bank app ( we have different banks ) and those 2 transactions showed up on his end as well. Where did this $407 come from? Even if you accidentally doubled $198.42 you'd get $396.84, not $407.This has never happened to me in my entire dining life, and I feel extremely uneasy about a random amount charge. Not to mention embarrassed this guy walked back and forth 3 times to keep telling us the cards decline. Even if this was a mistake, how could the same mistake be made twice with 2 different cards ? These are questions I won't have an answer to & don't ever plan on finding out. I will not be returning.Side note - MINUS all this sketchy activity, food was okay at best & the service was extremely slow. I watched 2 tables who were seated after us leave before us. Our reservations were at 7:30, there shouldn't be a reason our meal was ending around 10:15pm we ordered 2 apps 2 entrees and 2 desserts nothing crazy and 2 people. Let me repeatI will not be returning.******Update *****The GM called my boyfriend and told us the waiter has been let go. He accidentally charged another diner's bill to both our cards. But instead of admitting to this silly mistake, he rather embarrass us and make my boyfriend go to the car to get another card. The GM offered to take care of us if we were ever to return, what that means exactly not too sure but doubt we will be returning.
I'm normally so disappointed with upmarket Indian restaurants - I often find the food is no better than what you can get at a much cheaper place in Jackson Heights. Not so for this place. By far the best Indian food I've tasted in the city. The fish and lentil dishes are particularly good.
Wow. No words. This place blew our minds! From the atmosphere, to the service, to the food. Barbara, our server was as sweet as could be and always attentive to keep an eye on us making sure all of our needs were being met. Everything was top notch from start to finish. Every bite of food we were "ooing" and "ahing". We ordered the vegetable samosa for appetizer and garlic naan, chicken tiki masala, and vegetable saag for dinner. The spices and flavor profiles were off the chart. Mind blowingly delicious to say the least - do yourself a favor and come here if you are in the area, you won't be sorry.
In search for excellent Indian food in NYC, there will always be a push and pull between modern and classic dining experiences. Tamarind Tribeca is on a upscale modern indian fare which has excellent service. It's always best to have low expectations in regards to service in general but Tamarind Tribeca was an excellent experience for lunch.For the atmosphere, the interior layout and design are extremely modern with high ceiling and large windows. We visited on a weekend day so it was not very busy but I could see a bustling dinner scene with larger groups.It was our first time so we went with the Executive Lunch menu which comes with an appetizer, two selections of entrée portions and a dessert. The portion is not very large but the quality and presentation was quite high.We started off the meal with two cocktails because they was a nice specialty cocktail menu. We had Lychee Martini  for $14 and Ginger Caipirinha for $13. The Lychee drink is made with Stoli strawberry, lychee liqueur, lychee puree and pineapple juice. Ginger Caipirinha is made with Leblon cachaca, ginger liqueur, fresh ginger and lime wedgesThe Lunch appetizers were Mango Jhinga and Chikundari Croquettes. Mango Jhinga is prawns cooked with mango, mustard seeds, and curry leaves. Chikundari Croquettes is made with beet root, ginger, chili, fennel seeds, cilantro, mango mustard chutney.For the entrees, we chose Sarsao Machli & Nadir Palak for one, and Kashmiri Murgh & Ghosht Patiala for the other. They came with salad, tomato rice, and dalchini naan. Sarsao Machli is a salmon with coursed mastard, lemon juice, green chili, and coconut sauce. Nadir Palak is made with lotus root, spinach, garam masala, and chili. Kashmiri Murgh is Tandoori chicken cooked with yogurt, fenugreek leaves, red pepper, mint almond chutney.  Ghosht Patiala is lamb cooked with tomato, onion, yogurt, cashew nut, saffron, and whole spices. They also brought one Naan per personFinally for dessert, Tiramisu was very tasty and Mix Nut Kulfi is an Indian ice cream which is a frozen dairy dessert.If you are in the mood for modern Indian, try out this place. The exterior signage is not very flashy so look for the entrance at the corner.
We wanted to get some upscale, fancy Indian dining, and I found this spot. It was said to be kind of a hidden gem. The inside was really spacious, and very bright with natural light coming in from large windows. This restaurant sits at the corner of the building, and both corner walls were covered from floor to ceiling with large windows. The interior was really beautiful, and had lavish lighting fixtures, although, it really didn't need any additional lighting during the day. They have second floor dining space as well, they can accommodate quite a lot of customers. I didn't go upstairs so I don't know how big the second floor actually is, but it seemed big enough. We started with couple of drinks. They had nice variety of specialty cocktails, enough to please everyone with different preference on liqueur and flavors. For food, we ordered Executive Lunch Menu which is a prix-fixe lunch menu. It comes with a choice of appetizer, two choices of Entrées, and a choice of dessert. They were all beautifully plated, and were really tasty! The thing I liked about this place the most was the fact that they brought hot towel at the end of the meal, before the dessert! Great way to get your hands clean after the meal, before digging in to the desserts.Our "fancy" Indian dining was a success, we enjoyed our lunch special. Everything was well prepared, beautifully presented, and the service was top class. Our waitress (Corina? Not sure of the spelling...sorry!) was fantastic. She was very polite and friendly, and took a very good care of us. It might not be a "traditional" Indian cuisine, but it was all tasty regardless. Great hidden gem indeed! Read my full review of the restaurant and food on my food blog, foodlovergirl.
The place, the atmosphere and the food was axcellent. I have nothing to say for the service ,they were all friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed our night in tamarind but it was a little pricy however no doubt about the quality of food they serve. Highly recommended
Omg everything was perfect. The service was amazing. The food was amazing. Totally worth to try and will come back soon!
This the best formal Indian restaurant I have been in NYC!Beautiful decor and space with high ceilings! Superb service! Had business guests and they were very impressed. Food delicious.. sea bass appetizer, garlic naans and the Gulab Jamun was excellent.Mr Ahluwalia greets us and does a great job overseeing his restaurant! Highly recommend!
OMG love love love this place. We usually order lunch and the portions are so big you can feed 3+ ppl. It's a bit pricey but so worth it
This has topped my list of Indian restaurants in NYC. From the moment I walked in, to food suggestions and cuisine, definitely top notch. We noticed such a wide range of Indian dishes from all the provinces there. We were able to get a great taste of flavors from every region. I had the mixed grille with its meats being soft and easily chewable. The coconut curry was a perfect match. I also had garlic Naan and garlic / spinach rice as a perfect compliment. Now dessert time, we did not know what to order, so the sampler plate left us satisfied. A definite thumbs up. I would go again.
*THIS REVIEW IS FOR RESTAURANT WEEK ONLY*We came here for lunch on a weekday to try the the NY restaurant week menu. The food was just ridiculously bad - I got the haddock fish and paneer dish. My friend got chicken and paneer. I think the only saving grace was the naan that came along with the curries. Glad we spent only $29 + taxes here. I am guessing based on the other reviews, their regular menu is good...but I am in no hurry to try it anytime soon.
Still definitely the best Indian restaurant in town. In terms of the space, high line decor, extensive and varied menu, the no compromise on taste, the other "in" Indian restaurants just don't compare. We've tried them all; the prices are just as high, and you might have a couple of great dishes to order, whereas Tamarind has a dozen. We like: shimp caldin, kerala fish curry, masalander lamb chop, the veal chop, the goat biryani, dal makhni. I could eat there every week.
The tandoori grilled platter is very good. It was good enough that the lack of vegetables was not noticeable. The service is excellent (capital E excellent) and the decor & ambience is soothing, elegantly appointed and comfortable. As such things go, they sit on their loyals a bit much. It's good food well served, but a bit of a pop would be better.
Hands down one of the best, if not best, place to experience Indian food in New York City. Not only is the food fantastic, but the atmosphere, setting and service are superlative. The vibe is an understated elegance that's still contemporary and service is attentive but not intrusive. The space is beautiful - light and airy during the day and cool yet cozy at night. For all you instagrammers out there, the seat in the corner by the window will give you great light for that perfect picture! ;-)I've probably eaten here at least 15 times, from brunches with girlfriends (weekend brunches are surprisingly quiet), to work dinners to birthday parties and everything in between - and I've never been disappointed. In fact I've always left very happy! Everybody raves about the cod dish, but my favorites are the Bhel Puri and the Dal Makhni. Consistently delicious and satisfying! Paired with rice or with naan / roti, it's a hearty and rich meal. If you haven't been to Tamarind yet, go! You need to experience it.
I don't even know where to start. As I sit here for maybe the the hundredth plus time I feel it's time I spend a minute to write a review. The trouble is I don't quite know where to start.  From the moment you walk through the door you have an immediate Wow feeling. The ambiance is to die for. Rich, elegant, sophisticated are just a few words that hit you as you enter the restaurant.  Before you have time to take a breath you are met by the most charming and courteous front of house staff that stand ready to take care of your every need. Where does one start with the bar that serves cocktails before dinner.  Every cocktail you can think of is on tap along with house specials that challenge the curious in all of us.  If formal dinning is not for you, you can enjoy all tamarind as to offer at the bar. Moving to the dining room where I'm sitting as I type this review you will get to experience wait staff that are incredibly friendly while they share what the host/owner has to offer. I would like to highlight a dish or two but that would not do justice.  Take my word for it, there is not a dish that is on the menu that disappoints.  Take a chance enjoy a night at this fabulous restaurant it will not disappoint.
AMAZING DISCOVERY!!! The restaurant is not only beautiful but it has great ambiance, food is superb and service is fantastic. We tried the prawns in coconut sauce (Kolambi Pola), the chicken Tikka Masala and the Shahi Paneer (vegetarian), all delicious. The carrot cake for dessert was also yummy. Highly recommend it, became one of my favorite restaurants in town!
I had a wonderful experience a Tamarind, though I've only been once. The food is really great but the atmosphere, decor, ambiance and service really make this a 5 star experience.This is not a standard Indian spot. It's high end and priced accordingly. The chicken tikka masala, which some may describe as "basic" is delicious. As are the lamb, rices, roti and desserts. Side bar: if you think chicken tikka masala is basic, you're a judgmental hater. It's delicious!If you are a fan of Indian food but are looking for a much more upscale experience, this is the place for you. Great spot for a date, with parents or for work.
We had lunch at tamarind. I absolutely loved the food here. Made a reservation on open table with ease . Arrived on time was seated promptly. We were given warm towels which I always enjoy . We were started off with a pokora or spicy dough as I like to call it which was brought by the chef .  For starters we got naan with chicken tikka and the paneer dish. Best paneer ever , couldn't have been softer and the spices were great. Also ordered chicken from the grill which was served with a sweet yogurt that I didn't care too much for . For main course we had chicken tandoori and daal. The daal was creamy not too heavy and we ordered the chili bread which had a nice kick . Will definitely go back
We went for lunch and this is my opinion on the place.When you enter in a restaurant and you note that a good number of the customers are of the same ethnicity of the foods served you know that you are on the right place. Well that is the emotion of when you step on Tamarind. The atmosphere is very nice, elegant and relaxing ; the food are "the real thing"..
Amazing staff, delicious, food, fantastic atmosphere and a great selection of wine. People probably complain about the prices but this is a fine dining restaurant and a splurge you won't regret. When we moved from the bar my boyfriend was in the bathroom and someone waited for him and escorted him to our table. Now that's the kind of service you pay for.The food is absolutely amazing, try the lamb chops and fried cauliflower.
Absolutely love this place! The food. The service. The ambiance. Absolutely wonderful :) I have a gluten and dairy allergy and they were so wonderful at accommodating me. Everything was delicious...we had a shrimp dish and chili crab for appetizer. They were both delicious and unique. Three people in our party had lamb and one person had chicken. Everyone enjoyed their meals. The wine selection is also extensive and really great! For desert we had sorbet and it was delicious. It comes on the shell of the fruit.
We were first introduced to Tamarind during restaurant week at their now closed Flatiron location. We thoroughly enjoyed the service, the fresh naan made around the clock, the classic dishes and the fine dine interpretations of Indian influenced flavors.We came for a late lunch on a Friday and enjoyed a window booth to ourselves. Thankfully the window was nicely subtly dressed as the view included construction equipment and workers on the street. In any case the interior decor prominently displayed birds of paradise so it was a pretty distraction.I ordered off the executive lunch menu - soup of the day (spicy vegetable puree) for appetizer, chicken and paneer for the choose 2 entree served with seasoned rice and dill naan, and the mango rice pudding for dessert.  We also shared samosas and their crab appetizer. My husband had a lamb curry for his entree.Let me start by saying that 3 appetizers for 2 people is absolutely ambitious, but we finished most of it!  We ordered the crab because we enjoyed the appetizer preparation we had during resto week and wanted to experience it again.  It really is remarkable that they are able to maintain the wonderful flavor and texture of crab because most restos use canned or frozen and you can tell.  We ordered the samosas because it is a favorite and also we were curious about what a Michelin samosa might be like - well friends, the secret was in the detail of the wrapper, flaky and light.  The filling and sauces were as to be expected.  I ended up enjoying the soup even more in combo with the samosa as the soup was too spicy hot for me.  As for the entrees, I enjoyed the lamb dish the most. The chicken came with a sweet and sour sauce on the side that was reminiscent of Chinese fast food. The paneer was firm toothsome and well made, but I wish the sauce was more flavorful to make up for the blank slate cheese.  The rice was deelish as was the carrot and pea vegetable. I ended up using the vegie side as the sauce to eat the chicken and cheese with the rice.  The naan was wonderfully buttery and the dill gave it a lovely character.  I think next time, I will order an entree that I am familiar with or ask more questions. I would have been just as happy with chicken tikka masala and saag paneer for my entree rather than sweet and sour chicken and low flavor profile paneer in sauce.Tamarind's mango rice pudding was tasty and typical.Overall, we enjoyed our visit to Tamarind! I will definitely continue to try to bring friends and family to enjoy this Michelin starred Indian restaurant.
The lunch is exceptional. The dinner is more so.  Beautiful food and people surround a strikingly gorgeous setting.  This is one of my favorite spots in New York.   It's Indian food at its finest.  The owner greets you in the most elegant fashion and the wait staff follows his lead.  Thee pictures posted will show you how delicious everything tastes.... Just imagine the spice.
Food is authentic and well deserving to the Indian palate. Service was average and bar over priced. Small plates would enhance bar experience.
This menu is for their executive lunch menu only. It's $25 per person, comes with an appetizer, two entree choices, and a dessert. NOT traditional Indian because I think there's more fusion to it. However, it's definitely a good deal because the portion was decent, and in the end the dessert was delicious! I think I will be back for dinner some time.
I USED to LOVE this place! The old location was really something special from the food to the service. This new location in Tribeca is a far cry from what I loved so much. The food was overpriced, tiny portions and honestly bland. Not much better than my neighborhood take out place. The service was AWFUL. We had staff argue in front of us for a while, had to ask for specials of the day, our waiter must have been new. He was rushed and frantic. No wonder this place lost their Michelin stars. Please please please Tamarind- fix yourself.  you used to stand out as one of the best, if not the best in the city. Now you are mediocre.
I came here to have dinner with two of my friends and their grandma whom is visiting from India. We had a reservation for 8:45, and once we came in we were seated promptly. The atmosphere for this restaurant is very modern with a high end touch which is something unique for an Indian restaurant (I am of Bengali descent, so I've been to many other Indian restaurants which is why I say its unique).  After we were seated right away, the waiters here were very much on top of their game. We were constantly checked up on, they answered any/all questions we had regarding the food and our meals- and overall made sure we were well taken care of to enjoy our time here. What makes a nice touch is the manager of the restaurant will walk around and take the time to personally speak with all the guests who are there, which to me is what makes all the biggest difference. The food here is nothing short of excellent. Unlike other places in the city which claim to make "indian" food, the food here is almost as good as the food I get at home. We started off with some seafood appetizers (crab, shrimp), and for dinner we shared chicken tikka masala, lamb chops and some goat biriyani. All excellent. For dessert, my friend ordered a gulab jamun and kulfi (standard Indian deserts).Some people might have isolated negative incidents, but overall I definitely enjoyed my dinner here and look forward to coming back!
It used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in the city, but not any more. Service is excellent.But what changed is the most important-FOOD.  Its not nearly as good as it was 6 months ago. I ordered same thing as last time lamb chops and it was just average. what a dissapointment. Naan bread dry not fluffy. Side order of tamarind rice just bad. My friend had grill platter and it was just average.
I was disappointed with Indian food in NYC until I tried Tamarind. Of course it is pricier compared to other Indian restaurants in NYC but still if you want good food this is the place to go to.The lamb chops are my favorite. Tandoori chicken is so tender and juicy. Paneer dishes are good too. Rasmalai for dessert is my favorite here. Service is good. It could be a little slow on a busy day, so it's better to book in advance. But usually I have never had problems getting a table.
Absolutely loved this place. The staff are beyond helpful and knowledgable. Our waiter couldn't have been better! We'd an amazing table, fantastic food (that cauliflower starter!!) and fantastic wine. Cannot wait to come back. In my top ten NYC restaurants for sure. Top three for staff alone.Go. You won't regret it.
Went there with a friend last night. I am very picky about my Indian food. This is a place that has successfully blended good food with a beautiful interior architecture. The crowd is mostly young professionals and some families. I go back again.
Upscale and posh Indian place in TriBeCa. Came here for lunch they gave $25 prefix lunch menu which include app, 2 kinds of meat, and dessert. Perfect to relax and enjoy leisurely meal
I love Indian food and Tamarind is definitely upscale Indian food. When you walk into the restaurant, you're welcomed by a gorgeous decor with warm lights and light accenting. When I go to any Indian restaurant, I always order the Mango lassi and this was no exception. This one actually had some spices floating on top which was interesting. Shortly after I ordered mine, my party of 20 each ordered one too!! The service was very fast and attentive. Food was also stellar. We had the cauliflower and curry shrimp appetizers. Both were delicious. Their chicken tikki masala was also great and did not disappoint. I think the only thing I was sort of let down on was the dessert. I'm actually not really sure what it was but it tasted like a super sweet cinnamon munchkin doughnut that was dipped in a really sweet glaze. Overall, the atmosphere and the food made it a very pleasant dining experience and would definitely recommend it to anyone that likes flavorful food.
The service was very fast but a tad difficult to get the waiter's attention. The food was very good, though slightly overpriced--you're really paying for the atmosphere, which is elegant and sophisticated.
One of the best Indian Restaurants. Modern with an authentic Indian touch. Great place if you are up for a good Indian food.
I had been wanting to try this place for long and finally it happened. The restaurant is beautifully done with an immaculate eye to details. It's huge, spacious and has various levels to it. We were seated on the first floor overlooking the Tandoor area, ground level seating and the bar. We started off the evening with Amritsari Seekh n a lamb appetizer. And I have to say, both were extremely flavorful and succulent. In entree we picked Murgh kolhapuri, Nargisi Kofta n Dal Makhni which were a notch lower than the appetizers. However their Mushroom n Truffle Naan was fantastic. The Rosemary Naan was average. If you like cocktails then try their lychee martini which is amazing. But I believe that besides food, it's the owners interaction with his guests that makes this place extra ordinary and one of the most sought after Indian restaurants in NYC!
Came for dinner with a group of 6. The food itself I will give a 4. It was good, not great. A bit heavy on certain spices and a tad too much salt. But definitely tasty and flavorful if you leave out the two flaws. Kudos on not being oily/excessive oil, which some Indian restaurants are guilty of. We had plenty of dishes, the halibut(perfect) a few chicken and lamb dishes and the Tandoori mixed grill. Again, all good, but were expecting Tamarind to be mind blowing. Then again, we are Indian and there's only so much more you can to do Indian food. We would go again though.The drinks, 5 stars. Definitely not weak, nor too strong. Perfection.Service - 10 out of 5 stars. The individuals take pride in the level of service. Our waiter was awesome, his support staff just as good and a few hosts, maybe manager, stopped by our table to check in on us.Definitely worth a trip at least once for the experience, nothing to lose.
Very good Indian food. Indian fine dining so definitely more formal than I'm used to for Indian, but they do have some unique dishes. Highlight by far was the Botaki Kosha (duck crepes).
To be honest, I was disappointed with my experience at Tamarind.SummaryThis is a seemingly upscale restaurant that charges too much for their service and food. My friend and I were seated immediately but then our whole experience was a waiting game. We waited 10 minutes for the menu and another 10 minutes before our drink order was taken. AtmosphereMy friend and I were seated immediately and the orchids and other live plants outfit the restaurant beautifully. The dim lights create an elegant and classy feel to the space while still having a casual element. The hallway to the bathroom revealed great Indian music which was not at all heard from the dining area, making the space less lively.FoodI ordered the Dahi Aloo Puri as an appetizer and it was AMAZING! The perfect balance of sweet, tangy, salty, crispy and smooth was in every bite. However, this is one of the only portions of my dining experience I could rave about. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala as my entree in which the meat was quite tender. When I forked each piece of chicken, it would fall apart from it's tenderness. The sauce was too salty, preventing me from eating my leftovers at home. The naan was soft and flaky and rice that I ordered to accompany my dish was cooked perfectly. Dessert was a complete disappointment. The Flourless Chocolate Cake was awful. It lacked depth of flavor, texture, and the passion fruit mousse did not compliment the chocolate at all. As a huge dessert and chocolate fan, I was disappointed in how such a simple dessert could go so wrong.ServiceThe service was consistently slow. Aside from waiting 20 minutes to take drink orders and another 15 minutes to take our dinner orders, it took 15 minutes to receive the check AFTER our table was cleared. By this time, the other tables in our section were empty and we were one of the only tables left waiting.Tips: For the price, I suggest going to a different Indian restaurant which will come through on service, quality of food, and value.
Overpriced Indian food in tribeca. The dishes lean spicier and the service is attentive, but I don't love paying an extra $5 for rice or naan when my dish is already $30. Naan is fluffy but portion is small. Space is huge though, so you don't really feel like you're in NYC. Probably a good place for groups. Not sure I would come again.
Wow. Easily the best meal I've had in awhile. We went here for a work dinner off a friend recommendation, and it was great for a coworker dinner setting.Cocktails are creative, though a bit small. The shrimp in a coconut sauce appetizer (I can't remember the name) was so amazing that we ordered the sauce on the side for our main course, and one of my coworkers is trying to track down the recipe online (ha). The chicken tandoori was delicious (and you can watch the cook make it on an oven visible at the back of the restaurant) and the chicken tikka had the right amount of kick to it. But their real crown jewel here is the seafood. Not really normal Indian fare, but they cook the fish excellently well with good sauces, so it works. The sea bass in the seafood platter was cooked to perfection. The halibut entree was my favorite of them all. Would definitely recommend for a work or group dinner in TriBeCa!
Didn't like the food at all~ both chicken and lamb are overcooked~ rice is very dry~ the only edible thing is the Nan~ Not recommended.
One of the top 3 Indian restaurants I've ever eaten at.  They definitely deserve their Michelan star!  Conveniently located in the heart if TriBeCa next to Nobu; Tamarind has a modern, open space.  The service is prompt and knowledgable. The drinks and good and strong!  Try the Mango Cosmo or Midnight in Mumbai!The scallops and truffle nan are a must!
Service is good.  Ordered chicken biryani very good, the chicken tikka masala India restaurant staple was horrible.  I was deeply unimpressed how terrible it was. The show stoppers the lamb chops excellent! And the halibut extremely nice and well done.
ahhhhhhhhh 4 Yelp Tamarind TriBeCa, us brown folk love you guys but at times we may find you to be a bit too Fusion-y but equally authentic as well, coupled with the "Most Indian restaurants have mediocre/bad service" mantra. I've been here so many times to this gorgeous restaurant that tries so hard and succeeds in so many ways, but fails in many others. They need a few tweaks in these areas:- Why do we have to pay for white/plain Basmati rice???? Come onnnnnnnn- Every time I'm here, there are dishes/glasses being dropped on the floor by the wait staff causing a loud crash/bang and the owner has to walk over to ensure all is okay. I know this happens from time to time but why every single visit of mine? - The drinks on the cocktail menu sound fantastic and upon 2-3 attempts by the bartenders, turns out being fantastic, but why must I always have to have them remake the drink a few times?- The wait staff at the tables just aren't polished enough for a restaurant in Manhattan, let alone TriBeCa. They need more personality, knowledge of EVERY dish on the menu as well as the specials, "Sorry sir, I haven't tried it or don't know how it tastes" isn't acceptable unless you have allergies/vegetarian/vegan or something prohibiting you from eating the food- Some items on the menu have suckered me in but aren't authentic when you come down to it...-- Truffle Naan-- Lobster Tikka Masala / Makhani. Tikka Masala isn't Indian and neither is lobster...- My veg only friends continually say their "Veg" dishes are just "Good" and not stellarHere are the plusses:+ Most of their dishes that they aren't trying too hard at, are fantastic. This includes most of their succulent chicken apps, chicken entrees, shrimp apps and entrees+ Entrees are fairly priced and not as expensive as you'd think+ The decor, bathrooms, booths, tables, and bar are all gorgeous. Ample seating and walking spaces don't make you feel cramped at all. There's a second level as well as incredibly high ceilings for both so you have no sense of being cramped whatsoever+ Parking is ample nearby, both street as well as garage+ Decent wine list as well as beer list+ The owner is almost ALWAYS there every time I visit+ Their rices and biryanis are fabulous and well doneTHIS has been a review by Gaurav
Beautiful restaurant and that's the only positive. Food, service, atmosphere... Everything was horrible. Save yourself the disappointment and go elsewhere
The food is just alright - but not good enough to justify the pretensions of the restaurant. They try to pass it off as high end fine Indian cuisine - but in reality the food is not much better or more innovative or more distinctive than the average corner Indian cafe in Queens. Go there only for the pretensions ambience - not for the food or the drinks.
Tamarind Tribeca is a good restaurant for higher end Indian cuisine. It holds One Michelin Star which is a huge symbol of quality for any Indian restaurant. This place is definitely the best upscale Indian food in New York by far (the other Michelin rated Indian restaurants don't even compare).Fairly easy to get a reservation on OpenTable for same day. If a time isn't available on OpenTable, try giving them a call. I've noticed they sometimes have open slots not listed in the app.I've been to this restaurant on 3 occasions, twice was absolutely incredible. However, as with most Indian restaurants...service is hit or miss. Now, what's the good stuff:1) You MUST try out the Bhelpuri. Just go with it :)2) If you are a lamb shank/chops, you MUST try it. Absolutely AWESOME.3) You can't go wrong with their tandoor dishes4) I believe there was a shrimp curry that was really good.5) The chicken curries are just OK It's been a little bit of time since I've been here so I don't entirely recall my dishes but they do a great job with their recommendations (ask the waiter!). Of course, you must try their kulfi dessert. :)Highly recommend if you are in the mood for a nice dinner out with Indian food.
Rude.  Unprofessional.  I used to go here frequently, but will no longer be eating at this establishment.  If you are looking for a restaurant that treats its regular guests with a modicum of decency, you should probably get your food elsewhere.
Consistently great! This is the top end of Indian fine dining. Every dish pops with refined flavor and tasteful presentation. The restaurant it self is very inviting, with vast ceilings and polished modern decor. The service never disappoints as well. In my opinion, this is the best Indian restaurant in Manhattan.
Beauty abounds as you look around the vast multi-level dining room:  a sleek marble bar, wood floors, tastefully lovely art, and Versailles-worthy silk curtains framing floor-to-ceiling windows granting a grand view upon the buzz of Tribeca.  There's an understated luxury and opulence here that takes a while to sink in, in part because the sheer size of the place creates a quiet, almost serene vibe at the tables, which are spaced far enough apart to discourage sharing (unlike the elbow-to-elbow eating at most Manhattan foodie destinations).The food is nearly as bewitching as the surroundings.  After a warm hot cloth was offered, an amuse bouche of green pea and ricotta puff pastry arrived, small flaky bites tasty and mild, setting the stage for spicier and more robust dishes to follow.  Next came the Dahi Aloo Poori, an intriguing and flavorful chaat with a plethora of large, light wheat puffs, and chunks of chickpea and potato bathed in minty yogurt.   As a sidekick we tried the spicy tamarind scallops, plump and moist with a dusting of garam masala and poppy seeds and a smear of pureed green chilis.  The heat hit my quite happily about three seconds after I took each bite.For the main part of our meal - meat and vegetables - we went "traditional" with the half tandoori chicken, and less so with the Hara Bhara Kebab, two huge spheres of finely pureed spinach, baked firm and filled with slightly dry but delicious paneer and flecked with a bit of red chili to deliver a subtle note of spice.  The spinach dish was visually dissonant from the rest of the meal (the two green balls sat side by side on the plate, with no garnish of any kind) but was completely enchanting, perhaps in part because of the surprise factor.  The chicken was unconscionably moist with a complex flavor and aroma delivered by the right balance of spices (garlic, ginger, turmeric, coriander, etc.)  We devoured an obligatory basket of garlic naan to clear our palate for dessert, or so we said.  Though we didn't really have digestive room to spare, we were grateful to sample the traditional rice pudding, a sweet and aromatic cinnamon, raisin, and heavy cream extravaganza.The only slight disappointment of the evening was the waiter, who didn't add much insight even amidst a flurry of questions.  My favorite was his response when asked to differentiate two chicken dishes that sounded quite different on the menu:  "one has bones, and one doesn't."
Upscale Indian food. Really tasty flavors - fresh, unique and intense. Great atmosphere. Only comment that I would have is we had 3-4 people attending us and at some point we had more than one person asking us the same question. Apart from that, I have really enjoyed the restaurant.
Definitely not your street corner Indian restaurant.Food is well executed with great flavors. They have a tandoori oven right in the middle of the dining room and the restaurant has a modern feel with a spacious seating room.  Wines are well selected and reasonably priced. Service is efficient but some of the staff looked a little bit  green and amateurish. Overall a good experience but not blown away for a Michelin rated restaurant...
This is an awesome place. I had the Best kadhai paneer ever in my life here. Expensive but worth the taste and hospitality. Cheers :)
UPDATES!! On my restaurant week experience.. :) They only do Restaurant week lunch.. So my friend and I decided to save some money and dine in for RW lunch.. this location has different menu.. Since it's a brunch for me on a Sunday afternoon.. We decided to share a Restaurant week menu and order an additional appetizer..Start of with some complementary appetizer.. with some sort of indian spice on top.. complementary is always good.. :) Next.. we ordered fried paneer.. I am not a fan of neither cheese nor fried stuff.. But Holy ****.. this thing was great.. As additional.. we ordered the fried lentil pancake under recommendation.. and it was really great as well.. It makes me think of Indian food back home..Start of.. Entree.. we ordered the salmon and lamb.. One complain.. It's not spicy enough.. but the salmon and lamb were both great.. or EXCELLENT I would say.. I love how the lamb has almonds in it.. I love the restaurant week menu because it comes with rice, cheese naan, and vegetable of the day.. the vegetable of the day is potato and bitter gourd.. I don't like bitter gourd so I don't really enjoy the vegetable.. but the naan and rice were good..Dessert.. End our meal with mango cheesecake.. the mango flavor has the perfect sweetness in it.. and the texture was just perfect.. I love it..I just love Tamarind and I don't know how am I gonna enjoy Indian food in other restaurant..
Great atmosphere. Loungesque, airy, neutral decor.The food was incredible and very spicy.  Definitely a good, trendy Indian restaraunt in TriBeCa neighborhood.Our group tried lobster masala, chicken tikka masala, and lamb vindaloo. All dishes were incredible.Prices are what you should expect for quality of food. Worth the trip from UWS to TriBeCa.
It's a 3.5 really, but Yelp won't allow that.After hearing rave reviews from family and friends for years, I finally had a chance to go to Tamarind during a recent weekend in NYC. The ambiance was nice and upscale - a tad dark for my liking but date night appropriate. The service was good too.  The warm hand towels before and after the meal were a thoughtful touch. The detailed verbal description of the specials went on a little too long. I had forgotten the first thing by the time we got to the last. Might have been a little more helpful on paper. The menu overall was interesting and different from a standard Indian restaurant. They also had an extensive beverage menu. We got some nice wines that paired well with the food.Moving on to the food. We got a complimentary pre-appetizer which was a puff pastry with ricotta and corn. I could taste neither the ricotta nor the corn and the pastry bit was just standard puff pastry. Moving on. For the appetizer, my husband and I shared the Nawabi Shammi Kabab. It was a phenomenal lamb kebab and I take kebabs very seriously. The portion was good-sized and the lamb was perfectly spiced and cooked with a melt in your mouth quality - 10 on 10. For the main course, we got the Awadhi Chicken, Bhindi (Okra) Do Piaza, naan, and steamed rice. The sauce and the filling for the chicken were delicious! The chicken breast itself was overcooked and on the drier side. I would have preferred to just eat the filling and the sauce. The okra was very underwhelming in both texture and flavor. I have cooked and eaten a lot of okra and it absolutely needs to have a crunch and bright(ish) green color. Overall, the experience was good but I'm not itching to come back. I understand that you're paying for the location and ambiance here, but all of the food did not live up to 3 dollar signs.
Was very surprised to hear that this is a Michelin starred restaurant. Service is definitely not up to par, nor is the food. The flavors are there, just not the right balance. Also, each dish was probably $1-2 overpriced. Try the Tamarind Margarita - while a little light on tequila, it's quite refreshing!
Tasty food in a lovely setting with friendly, helpful staff.  Excellent value for the prix fixe lunch.
Allow me to say that every 5 star review is spot on. I cannot say enough good things to anyone that asks.... Tamarind delivers on so many levels. First let me explain, Tamarind is a formally Michelin star rated restaurant that serves Indian food. Now before you poo poo Indian, let it be known that this is Indian food that is made extraordinarily well. I have heard, from some Indian friends, that there are some homemade meals that taste better at home. But that is a far cry away for anyone who was not raised on the stuff. So allow me to start the telling, so you can do the knowing... The place is decorated like a Michelin restaurant ought to be. The table cloth's white and the lighting just so. The service is also amazing. Every whim is taken care of and I just can't add to the praises here.  I had the goat vindaloo, and I can easily say that its probably the best I have ever had.   But the thing I will leave you with as a must try is the BATAKI KOSHA!!! So good so amazing... I wished they had sent 10 of them. Overall I won't drone on and on about the food. I am sure its all as good as these reviews say, I've experienced that first hand. Is it worth it? Hell yes, try it. Maybe too expensive for takeout but well worth it for a dinner out on the town
Came here with a sizable group (about 15 people) around 7pm. The restaurant is huge - with both upstairs and downstairs seating. Atmosphere was laid back yet sophisticated with just enough lighting.Service was definitely top notch and our food came out decently quickly. I ordered the Dum Aloo Gobi (potatoes and cauliflower simmered in an onion tomato sauce). Sounds pretty basic but the flavors were extremely sophisticated and complex. I'm not a vegetarian but I would pick this over any of the meat entrees - it was spicy, savory, and the vegetables were cooked to perfection. Definitely paired perfectly with rice. I would definitely come again - one of the best Indian dinners I've ever had.
Good food, good service! Excellent non alcoholic drinks!!! Very good ambience. Will be definitely going back there!
Amazing food, great service especially the supporting bus staff, they are stellar!Came here yesterday for an early dinner, food was beautifully cooked to sheer precision in flavor and depth, exquisitely timed. all the curries were different and delicious. buttery lobster soup, duck and prawns with amazing sauces, the halibut was truly prizing winning, gorgeously cooked texture and delectable curry sauce, lamb was powerful, even the garlic bread was luxuriously prepared. Waiter was very informative and helpful. but what really stands out even greater is the supporting bus staff, extremely attentive and considerate, from removing plates to resetting cutleries, to refolding napkins and providing hot towels, all done with superb care, discretion and meticulous timing. well done!Loved it!!
Tamarind was my first time eating at a michelin starred restaurant, and it fulfilled all my hopes and dreams.  I came here for lunch with a big group to celebrate a marriage.  The restaurant is HUGE and gorgeous: extravagant but elegant.  We settled in, washed our hands with the warm towels they passed out (wonderful on a cold day), and ordered a bottle of champagne.  Next, the waiters brought out an amuse bouche.  I'm not sure what it was, but oh my goodness, it was so good.  That one bite may have been the best bite of the whole meal.The lunch prix fixe at Tamarind is very reasonable.  For $25, you get an appetizer, choice of 2 entrees (small portions of each, but not as small as you'd expect!), and dessert.  It's nice that you get to choose 2 entrees and try more things.  Most of our party went with the prix fixe, but I actually ordered something off the menu, which I felt had more interesting vegetarian options.  After a long debate, I chose.. something.  I can't remember what it was called, and unfortunately it doesn't seem to be listed on their online menu!  It had some sort of indian squash (that I'd never seen before), coconut, and curry leaves, I believe.  It was amazing, unlike anything I've had before.  So flavorful with just the right amount of heat.  The meal also came with naan that was dusted with cinnamon-- unexpected, but good-- and the "vegetable of the day", which was some sort of bean, tomato, and potato concoction.  These really helped to round out the meal.I didn't order dessert, but I tried both of the prix fixe options from my neighbors:  pistachio ice cream, and a bread pudding that basically tasted like french toast (which is a good thing, of course).  Everyone was stuffed, which can be hard to achieve at nice restaurants.  Great food and great value.
A great place to get "authentic tasting" Indian food in a higher end atmosphere.We've heard many great things about this restaurant over the years but were reluctant to try "expensive indian food".  The time finally came and we don't have a single regret.The tandoori seafood platter was awesome - some of the best salmon and seabass that I've ever had, but the scallops stole the show.  We ordered a chicken biryani and a punjabi goat entree.  Both of these things were so full of flavor and had a decent kick to it.  Not like your typical "westernized indian food".  The Naan here was good but not the best I've ever had....everything else was incredible.  The wine list was great (not usual at indian restaurants) and their interpretation of the "Manhattan" cocktail was awesome.For dessert I had a pistacho kulfi and my wife went with the gulab jamun.  I've had better kulfi in jackson heights for a dollar.  The gulab jamun rivals what you would get in a high end bengali restaurant in Calcutta... I would definitely have this again!
I assumed that the restaurant still had a Michelin Star as it once did and made a business reservation with some important guests, including a C-Level delegate of a large organisation.The food was alright, nothing spectacular, but certainly not at par with the cost of the food items. I might as well have gone to Junoon, paid the same or less price which has much better quality of food items. The waitress was good, but I had asked for a cocktail from the menu and when it came, there was an issue with it. I explained and she insisted everything was fine and argued. I was a bit taken aback since, in general, restaurants accommodate patrons' requests if something is not fine with the drink or dish. She, in fact refused to replace it and I had to insist that I'd like to return it. I had a high level delegation in the group, and tried to do this as politely as I could. When the bill came, I found that she had added the item in the bill. I had to excuse myself and go to the host and ask him to correct the bill (which he politely did). Not that I'd do this in other circumstances, but this really felt wrong. We paid about $ 500-600 and to have the person serving refusing and arguing with a customer over a request to replace a $ 12 cocktail was not professional. I gave 2 stars to the service as the runner and other hosts were very welcoming.
Below average Indian food. The food cart outside would probably have better tasting food. Meat in curry is dry and tough. Curries are absolutely tasteless (we tried a few). This place is probably still open because of the ambience because I've never tasted such tasteless food!
I've dined @ Tamarind 2x in the past 6 months - close to the office, and a favorite spot of my Aunt & Uncle who visit often from Georgia... The non-foods:(1) service is superb, staff is attentive and friendly without being too up in your grilll - if even a bit formal(2) the lighting... i feel like i'm a movie star about to be found out in the window by a casual pap passing by, maybe this is more a function of how Tamarind compares to my usual go to spots (generally not in TriBeCa and not where movie stars chill) but the swank is palpable(3) Management seem to "know" aunt and uncle who visit  NYC & accordingly Tamarind maybe every 6-9 months, this is charming - very welcoming without being over the top.The foods!(1) RAJ-KACHORI (app) 4/5chick pea patty with the most deliciouss *tamarind* sauce - perfect as a light bite b/w 3 people, nice veg option too. Would definitely get again, normally I lust for samosas - but this felt like a similar level of delish, without the post-caloric self loathing that generally accompanies my foray into samosas(2) JHINGA E AATISH (tandoor prawns; main) 3/5you know when you're feeling like you're copping out by getting a shrimp dish, bc you'll probably still be hungry and want to stop at the halal cart on the walk home? Not so with this dish!! Prawns were large, juicy, dry and deliciousss - garnished with a creamy chivey yogurt sauce (more like a paste) (3) Lemon Rice (side) 2/5Meh.... not worth the carb intake, i've had 5x better for like 1/3 the price on a lunch special down the street. Didn't really taste the lemon - got some rly aggressive mustard seeds that brought little tot he table(4) Garlic Naan (side) 3/5Perfectly fine, but not Naan that had fallen from the heavens as you may expect from a place with such heavenly lighting!!(5) RAS MALAI... (dessert) 5/5Presentation - comes in a hardened milk chocolate bowl, hello people!!The most delicious mild flavored cheese pistachio-y dessert- fun texture, spongy so pleasant. This was a major highlight, not too heavy - definitely different; so glad my uncle made the move on ordering this ;)
Amazing dinner.  Ordered the award winning Halibut which was by far the best entree we tried.  Everything was great, but the fish was truly outstanding.  We ordered paneer, scallops and a coconut shrimp special for appetizers. All were delicious, although the shrimp were a little small in size.Cocktails were yummy and good compliments to the meal.
Pros:- lamb vindaloo (BOMB DOT COM-- I usually don't order such generic items from restaurants with unique menus like Tamarind's, but I am SO glad I did. SO tender and flavorful)- caramelized carrot pudding (perfect amount of sweetness, solid carrot flavor, great cakey consistency-- favorite dish of the entire meal)- there are booth tables on the ground floor which make the experience feel like private dining- beautiful interior- steady (& almost slow) pacing-- great for talking with good company- cardamom citrus cocktail was really unique and tasty- CARROTS in MAJJIGA PULUSU were SO TENDERCons:- I expected slightly friendlier service for a Michelin star restaurantBottom line: Really tasty food and wonderful experience. I had a great time with my family there and everyone enjoyed the food. I'm not sure I would return for the food, but I wouldn't mind returning for a special occasion.
came here for a work related dinner and I have to say, I was not impressed. The place is definitely modern and fancy. We were seated in a private room on a second floor. it was uncomfortably HOT in the room. We had told the waiters to lower the heat several times, but they just kept on saying the heat was turned on for the whole place so there was nothing they could do. So for the whole dinner, we were pretty much eating and sweating at the same time. I was not too impressed with the food. I am not a expert when it comes to Indian food. but I do know when food taste good. We tried their curry chicken, lamb, some vegetarian dish, shrimp curry, everything was just ok in my opinion.  I've had better Indian food. My water glass was empty half of the time and had to tell the waiter to refill it and I wished the waiters were more active on asking us if we wanted that second cocktails instead of leaving us there with empty glasses. Overall, I was not impressed. Would not return
4.5 stars.Yes. This place is great, amazing, fantastic. Before I get into details, let me tell you how this place is different than many (not all!) other Indian restaurants around town:1. Beautiful ambiance, upscale atmosphere, relaxed and spacious2. Great quality ingredients3. Fresh and light - maybe the healthiest Indian cuisine around. Doesn't drag you down, and is much less heavy (read: oily/creamy/fatty) than many other places4. Very willing to accommodate requests and customizationsWe had reservations for 4 on a Saturday evening around 7:30 pm. I would say the place was at least 3/4 full and remained that way throughout the duration of the evening. At first we were seated downstairs at a table, but we requested to be transferred to a private booth and they let us (albeit a bit hesitatingly). The booth was amazing and I would highly recommend sitting there.Our waters were filled immediately and a complimentary fried spinach and cheese puff pastry was given to us. These were good and very light/non-oily for being fried. It's not something I would actively order, but was pleasantly surprised by these.Almost all of their chicken dishes use white meat, which is awesome. Punjabi Mutton - bone-in, baby goat in a cardamom sauce. The person who ordered this said it was the best Indian dish she's ever had (and Indian has been a staple in her diet for many years). It was also her first time trying goat (which is surprising because she's an incredibly adventurous eater), but she absolutely loved it.Milagu Curry - Chicken with an onion, tomato and coconut sauce, curry leaves, ginger, garlic. This was very flavorful, not spicy at all, but still very layered in taste. Definitely try this if you want flavor without heat.Murg Kolhapuri - Fiery Maharashtrian chicken, whole spices, peppercorns. Now I was told this was an 6 out of 10 in spice level naturally. I asked for it extra spicy. The dish was delicious, but not spicy at all. I mean literally. Two out of the four at our table do not tolerate spice well at all and when they tried it, they said they'd feel comfortable eating the entire dish themselves. I brought this to the attention of my waiter and he said ok I'll bring you the hottest sauce we have. He said it was the sauce they used for their vindaloo. Once again, completely not spicy. That's probably the biggest flaw of this place - that they have no concept of a proper spice scale. That being said, it wasn't much of a problem because the flavors were great and the dish was still a success.Malai Halibut - Halibut flavored with mace, cardamom, coconut, ginger sauce. This dish is different than the others because it's a filet of halibut (very generous portion might I add) on top of a very thin layer of sauce. It's not a curry, it's not soaked in sauce, it's just a plate of fish with a mild accent of sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly, and the flavor with the hint of sauce underneath was great. This is probably the lightest of all four of the dishes.Onion Naan - was a huge fan of this! The onions are baked right into the naan, which is very unusual. I generally prefer garlic naan over onion naan, but this was the best onion naan I've had.Laccha Paratha - this is a whole wheat, multi-layered bread, which is denser than a naan, but still thin. We asked for this without butter brushed on top and they didn't mind. This was a great addition to the meal and a nice variation from the naan. I thought it was great and would absolutely get it again. They also have a mint version as well.They also have the largest and most interesting dessert menu I've ever seen at an Indian restaurant. I can't remember exactly what our table got, but it was something similar to a warm carrot cake with an exotic ice cream pairing. I didn't try it, but the rest of my table raved about it saying they didn't think it could possibly work when they first read it on the menu.Definitely try this place for a nice occasion!
I was looking forward to my favorite Indian dish at this high-end restaurant. It was my first time here. The space and ambiance was nice, but I was here primarily for the food. I love Chicken Teka Mesala - it's my favorite Indian dish. When the dish arrived, I was clearly disappointed. The chicken was dry and bland - why did they use breast instead thigh?  The sauce was average, it had no fresh aroma of herbs or vegetables in it. The overall presentation was average - there was no fresh vegetables on the side or a special garnish. Bread and rice were separate orders, which is fine as long at the main dish is of high quality - $24.00. I don't think so.  It was a forgetful dish.I think this restaurant spends too much time thinking about decor, table and bar service instead of execution of great Indian dishes.  I wonder how many local Indian customers go to this restaurant. I bet not a lot.
Tamarind is truly a unique experience. It is often difficult to find Indian food served in a upscale environment. The restaurant is beautifully designed. The staff is top notch, on par with 4-5 star restaurants around NYC. The menu is inventive yet maintains traditional flavors. Tamarind is truly a must stop for anyone who loves Indian food and a fancy night out.
5 stars, everything delicious from cocktail to food; service is perfect the boss is always around Eating at the bar is just great
So far, the mise bouche, a little roll with a lemon tamarind sauce, was very good. Claire thought the lemon sauce would make a great ice cream. Now, the lobster bisques have arrived...mmmmm. That was real yummy. Our main course order was a lamb shank and a sag paneer which we are sharing. A little quibble, the lamb was a bit drier than last time. But, it was excellently spiced and the sauce saved it! The spinach was among the best sag panders I have ever eaten. I will wait till I get home for dessert. I am pleasantly stuffed.
I absolutely loved this place! I'm usually pretty adventurous when it comes to trying different cuisines and this restaurant did not disappoint! The chefs are the center piece of this beautiful restaurant and if you get closer, you can see them at work with those humongous skewers filled with deliciously spiced meats! If you love Lychee martinis they have the actual lychee so they had me there:) their wine selection was plentiful and from start to finish a great dining experience
Leaving a beer Garden in comfort clothes to go to Tamarind in TriBeCa was kinda scary, so me and my friends thought...  Staff is very friendly and the ambiance is wonderful. We had all vegetarian dishes which were delicious. The drinks are absolutely amazing. Omg! The best part are the rest rooms. If you want to try a desert after your meal, I suggest the Gulab. You're welcome.
We ordered food from tamarind last night. To say that it was below average would be putting it mildly! The vegetable dish called dum ki aloo gobhi was under seasoned meaning tasteless and waaaay undercooked!!! The naan was disgusting and it's their special naan!! Laughable! When we ate the food, we were sure they got prepared from a cheap Indian restaurant and sold it at their prices... Makes sense. I hope they up their standards regarding taste because just the ambience ain't gonna cut it!
I used to think Junoon was the best Indian in NYC but Tamarind defiantly tops it food wise. Decor was okay, not as fancy as Junoon but okay. Service is top notch. Drinks are on point as well. Overall I feel Tamarind is the better choice, especially if you're looking for good quality food.
Walking into Tamarind I felt my eyes grow big with delight it is a truly beautiful restaurant very upscale and fancy pants from the beautiful spacious dining area to the lovely indulgent touch of warm towels at the table to clean your hands.My dining companions and I where seated at  lovely round table in the middle of the dining room. To start we ordered drinks lychee daiquiris and they where delicious along with a complimentary amuse. For apps we ordered and shared chimbori jalwa  a spicy crab meat seasoned with curry and chiles it was just right ,bhoj puri samosas a potato and spice infused bite with several chutneys for dipping pleasure, and kolambi pola prawns they where so delicious ! For entrees I decided on Chicken Tikka Masala. I've had this dish many times in the restaurants however I wanted to taste how it was done in a fancy restaurant it was definitely much more subtle than any other Chicken tikka masala I've eaten the chicken was moist and tender and the tomato based sauce had the flavor of fresh tomatoes ,I would have liked a bit more spice,Lamb Vindalo was very tender with a lovely amount of heat  ,and Tandoori Champ spiced lamb chops cooked in the tandoor , I did not try these but my friend said they tasted divine. The servers came and place the food from the various dishes on our plates very fancy!  We also ordered Basmati Rice ,and Lemon Rice ,Cucumber Raita, and various Naan. I got the Afghani Naan as it had raisins ,nuts,and a honey glaze. I was so excited to try it and I was not disappointed it was amazing to dip that whimsical naan into the the masala sauce my mouth waters at the taste memory ! We shared a complementary desert of indian ice cream and cookies. I would definitely return it was one of my greatest fine dinning experiences the service and food are top notch.
I went yesterday for Restaurant Week and I was AMAZED by the whole package of this place. There's scaffolding outside, but a huge Tamarind sign will lead you in the right way. Once inside, you'll be treated to a contemporary decor, yet warm, not cold. We were lead upstairs and the waiter placed two bowls of fried spinach leaves in cilantro sauce for each of us. It was a great way to kick off the meal.We ordered from the Restaurant Week Menu.I got Crab Nazakat (Lump crab meat, mustard seeds, curry leaves, lemon zest, honey, coconut). It tasted like the ocean in the best possible way. It was savory from the baked, light crispy bread, yet refreshing from the lump crab meat and lemon. My friend got the Spinach & Watermelon salad which looked amazing with fried Paneer on top.Two choice of main entrees each. I got the Taar Korma and Nizami Machli Tikka. The salmon was THE BEST piece of cooked salmon I've ever had. It was so flaky and moist with a very thin crust. The same cilantro sauce from earlier was the perfect compliment. The lamb was tender and moist as well, not dry or chewy. I used the naan to slop up every drop of the curry sauce and stopped just short of licking the plate.My friend got the Potli Baingan and Methi Paneer. She's vegetarian.The dessert was Mango Shrikand, which was like a mango yogurt cream and perfect way to finish the meal.I absolutely LOVE this place. It was a bargain at $25 for lunch.
This is the BEST indian in the city!! I used to go to their Gramercy location before it closed, but this once is the best!!Pros: The food is sooo delicious! The service is amazing and the ambiance is very nice. I love the TriBeCa location! It's a great space. Cons: none!
Amazing Indian food! Have gone many times and never disappointed!! We used to go to their park avenue location, but since it has closed we have been going to this location time and time again. It's a little further away but definitely worth the extra commute! Thumbs up!
creative, flavorful, and decorative indian food that's very good, but it's hard to justify the price.TIPS- appetizers aren't really worth it - had the lamb kebab which wasn't even a kebab (two patties of lamb) and nor was it that good. they're also overpriced ($10+).- tried this chicken dish (slices of chicken in green curry sauce) and the lamb dish (this huge bone with lamb). don't remember the names of the dishes. both were very good although i wished the flavors were stronger and the meat was seasoned better. the lamb was very tender though and the meat literally fell off the bone when you poked it.- rice isn't included (omg). $6 for a small bowl of basmati rice.- crowd is definitely old and business-like, and the decor is modern and clean.
Have been here over and over, and has been good EVERY TIME. Drinks, tandoor, chicken, dessert, all amazing. Even Taylor Swift thought so ;)
Best Indian Food ever~!  It is pricey but worth a splurge once in a while to demolish that Indian food craving and also a lot of business lunches have been had here and has never disappointed.  These are my favorites: Chicken Tikki Marsala, Steamed Basmati Rice or Tamarind Rice, Lamb Vindaloo, regular Naan or Pudina Paratha (which is mint naan- amazing!), and then pick anything blindly for dessert as they are all good.Service is good as they are not aggressively attentive but you are never lacking for anything.
Terrible. The waiter spilled a full glass of water on me. Nobody really seemed to care beyond an initial apology. I mean c'mon, at least the manager should come over and apologize as I'm sitting there sopping wet...We had the RW lunch menu. Started off with a bean salad amuse bouche. The soup of the day was pumpkin, which I found a bit watery. The sun-dried prawns were decent. For mains, between the two of us we tried the chicken (good), lamb (texture was way too loose), vegetables (rather tasteless sauce), and paneer (no comment since I didn't try). The falooda dessert was definitely interesting, but I was not a fan at all of the sweet potato pudding. This was probably the first dessert I did not want to finish.I liked the spiciness that was pervasive throughout the course. But their crappy service really left a bad taste in my mouth..
There are lots of restaurants with good service. There are fewer restaurants with outstanding food.  There are only a handful of restaurants that have both. Tamarind is one of that select few. Not only the best Indian food I have ever had, but the finest service I have received in many years. The restaurant, itself, is also beautiful. You will not be disappointed in Tamarind. Outstanding in every way.
Very good celebratory dinner here last night.We were 8 people and appreciated being seated at a round table near the windowed tandoor room -- fun to watch the cooks thread long skewers and roast kebabs in the deep clay ovens.The restaurant is large, spacious, upscale and airy, with double-height ceilings where the second-level seating doesn't extend. Comfortable cushioned chairs and a not-too-loud noise level.Nice cocktail selection; I had a good, spicy tamarind margarita. Given the size of our party, we opted to dine family style and worked out a selection of appetizers and mains for the table with our knowledgeable waiter.The quality of the food was very good overall - subtle spicing, skillful cooking and quality ingredients. Especially delicious: for apps - tamarind scallops, dahi aloo poori and a special of lamb brochettes; among mains - masaledar lamb chops from the tandoor, malai halibut (the delicate, snow-white fish redolent with mace, cardamom, coconut & ginger), chicken "murg kolhapuri", okra "bhindi do piaza" and ivy gourd "tindora poriyal".Service was solicitous, helpful and unobtrusive, with what turned out to be good recommendations concerning dishes and quantities. The servers walked around the table and dished out food for each diner, which was much more efficient (and effective re: portioning) than having all the dishes simply placed on the table for us to take from.Only issue we had was that some of the food arrived just tepid - a shame given how much better it would have been piping hot. Also, given the prices (each veg dish is $20, and mains top out at $40), it's irritating to be charged extra for rice ($6) and naan ($5 each).Tab for a very filling feast came to around $110/pp, with a round of cocktails and beer with dinner plus two shared desserts (just OK) -- pricey yes, but in line with ambiance, service and quality at this level.
Tried in Restaurant Week Lunch 2016. Our was party of 8, and was given a round table which was wobbly (shakky). Other than that service was great, it was prompt and food was OK. Tried the lamb, which was on the dry side, little over cooked. Starter and desert was pretty good. Will surely try again outside restaurant week.
Buenísimo restaurante indio, realmente me ha sorprendido por la calidad de la comida. El cordero vindaloo, espectacular. La carne se fundía en la boca y el picante estaba perfecto, se comía perfectamente. Las raciones son muy grandes, y las presentaciones cuidadas. El naan de queso es algo que nadie se puede perder. El lemon rice es lo que menos me gustó, demasiados anacardos y poco arroz. Pero buenísimo, eso sí. ;) Muy recomendado si te gusta la comida india!
amazing service without being pushy or intrusive. The food is some of the best Iandian you can get in the city! Their cocktails are equally as good as well as the mango lassi! The Lamb Vindaloo is so perfectly cooked the meat melts like butter in your mouth. A Tribeca Favorite.
I've ordered from here a few times and, let me tell you, this place is a gem. The food is nothing short of gourmet and the speed at which they brought the food to my house was astonishing. I love their cauliflower and chicken tikka masala. I recommend it highly!
Bad service. Very rude manager on duty this afternoon. We have been here several times with our son who is 4. And the quality of service keeps deteriorating. Suddenly they now do not allow kids (although they have allowed him in before as we have been here several times with him and other kids) - so very difficult to plan with kids as it depends on the mood of the host or manager. They need to keep policies consistent!
Have been wanting to come for dinner for at least 2 years now and finally was in the mood for Indian food at night and came. Of course, wonderful ambiance here. Great lighting, spectacular service, and even a extra room--the Lotus Room--for a different experience. Ordered a couple appetizers and entrees (highly recommended choices from our server) to share and enjoyed my food very much but failed to see how it was significantly better than regular Indian food. The only dish that stood out to me was the Kolambi Pola appetizer: prawns cooked in lemongrass, coconut, and red chillies--spicy but different, at least for Indian food. Perhaps it is my untrained palette but I did think overall, Tamarind was over priced for what it was. The 4 stars are for the ambiance, service, and SPECTACULAR COCKTAILS AND DESSERT! I highly highly highly recommend the chocolate mousse cake. It is infused with a exotic flavor I'm not going to include because it will give the surprise away but it really comes through. Definitely one of the best chocolate desserts I've ever had. Would only ever come back for this delicacy.
I've been here twice, once for a birthday celebration and once with a group of friends. Excellent food, great service and nice environment.
The boyfriend and I came here for a quiet NYE dinner. The ambience is great and the service was certainly fancy (felt like we were in a dinner scene in Downton Abbey with more than one person fussing over us for every course). Food was good as expected, though we were certainly full after the appetizers - chili crab and raj kachori, our all-time favorites. The paneer lababdar was very flavorful and garlic naan actually tasted 'garlicky'! My only disappointment was the pistachio kulfi for dessert - the kulfi itself was delicious but it took me forever to break the kulfi apart and eat it. Overall we enjoyed the meal and the check did not burn a huge hole in our pockets. Give this place a try if you want to see what fine-dining Indian tastes like.
DELICIOUS!! Have been here  a few times and each time, I love it more and more! Yesterday was a friend's birthday -- he had never been.  Ordered the CHIMBORI JALWA to start -- chicken special, Dover sole, DUM ALOO GOBI, rice, nan and raita.  Everything was so yum -- authentic flavorful Indian food.  Wait staff could not have been nicer and as they new it was my friend's birthday, added a candle on our desserts.  Thanks for a wonderful night!
Wow- the best Indian food in manhattan. The service was impeccable- loved the ambiance. For starts the lamb and spinach burger like patties were great. Then try a lamb and veggie dish. The naan was so fresh and all of the food came out hot and you could tell it was fresh. Meat was great quality and tender. Will be coming back to try the other dishes.
I went here for lunch with a bunch of girlfriends to celebrate a birthday on a weekday. Ambience/decor was very nice and service was extremely attentive. Drink menu was interesting and wine list was decent. Now the food- many of the food items are NOT authentic. If you are looking for authentic Indian food - this isn't the place. If you want to try fancy Indian- inspired dishes in an upscale setting that doesn't even smell like a real Indian restaurant and provides fancy cocktails and a wine list -come here and expect to pay for it. Halibut was great. Potato and pea side dish was watery and soupy and had no flavor. Cauliflower appetizer tasted and looked like General Tso's chicken but you bite into it and find cauliflower. Again bizarre. Breads were all great but the Truffle and mushroom naan looked nice but I hardly tasted the truffle oil. Scallop appetizer was strange - my scallop was  very dry and overcooked and it was served with scallop sized wheat toast (this is what I meant by not authentic) and toast was sprinkled with chili pepper. Bizarre.
First time I ever had Indian food and this place does not disappoint. Service, decor and ambiance were all top notch. Staff was super nice too. I will be back.
This is a very classy restaurant with excellent service and great food. We tried the saag paneer, a piri piri shrimp appetizer, garlic and rosemary naan, a vegetarian medley, lamb filled with apricots, a skewered chicken special and had a bottle of prosecco. Everything was great. I particularly loved the garlic naan, and the lamb was maybe the freshest I have ever had. It was a classy meal with good friends and we definitely enjoyed it.  It's not cheap, but it's a nice break/something different from the BYOB Indian places with chili pepper lights in the East Village.
Seriously impeccable service. Highly recommended for business dinners. Definitely one of the fancier south Asian restaurants. Food is good. Not overly spiced. Naan is very good. Veggie concoctions are creative and def. better than meat entrees. The presentation is wonderful. Dessert is just alright.
We visited at 10pm with 12 people. This place was amazing. Two of our friends are Indian and did all the ordering. We had many appetizers and entrees. Everything was amazing. Naan, tikka masala, jalwa, ground lamb dish. Service was phenomenal. Can't say enough good things.
Pros The service is god and they are very attentive Very fancy and comfortable the tables are spaced out and there is room for the waiter to get around your whole table. Food is ok their sauce is good  I always get the Lobster In sauceThey have jumbo Shrimps and they taste great Great location ConsVery pricey an appetizer of 3 Jumbo Shrimp $21. Average price dinner for two is $150-$180. This is if you don't get desert. Their Cosmo drinks are equivalent to 95% juice. I had 2 drinks and I would have got more buzzed from half a beer. None of the meals come with a side order Lemon Rice was very hard and the Chicken tikka Masala was undercooked horrible it was not good at all Overall this is a terrific place to take a special someone but plan it right stay away from the Cosmo drinks and lemon rice. I been to this place a total of four times now. For some reason they seem to rush you and bring you the bill without even asking you. Simply if you are not ordering anything else once you eat they want you to leave instantly. Two of the times I attended the place was not even crowded. The food is very heavy and you need about 15-20 mins after just to settle down in my opinion. All four times 4-7 minutes after they took our plates they brought me the bill if I didn't order anything else. After that you you the impression they want you to pay and leave and they start looking at you funny. They stare at you. I believe they should have a timer and leave you alone for at least 10 mins after you are done eating. You are there to eat and would like to have a conversation with your partner before leaving.This place is definitely not worth the price on the bill but maybe worth attending 2-3 times a year.
Best indian spot I've ever had .  The vindaloo rocks if you can handle the heat . Great service and ambiance .
Very nice restaurant especially because a fancy indian restaurant is rare.. He place is hige amd you have to make a reservation. The food is good but not out of this world. The naan disappointed me a lot, it was not crisp and not a lot of flavor. The saag paneer was ok, hard to meet miami's bombay darbar's standard (my favorite indian so far). I would not come back to tamarind as ot is pricey and the food is just ok.
I had been to this restaurant few years ago for team dinner. I was spell bound with the drinks and this time I took a bunch of my friends - so that they could enjoy the drink and the food. We ordered thika margarita - which literally means spicy margarita. It was indeed spicy - even for a Indian belly. It was delicious.We ordered dinner as well - roti, dal makhni, pulav and some appetizers. None of which was anything close to how it should taste naturally. The food is modified for American customers and their palette. However, I fail to understand why Indian restaurants modify the food so much. Chinese, Thai, Ethiopian, Japanese - sell their food as is. Of course they modulate the spices. I am a Indian and a proud one. I refuse to go to Indian restaurants after the experience we had here.Customer service was Blah! We are Indians and so are u! Show some courtesy and respect.
Went back today after nearly a year. For appetizers, we ordered the Murg Malova (chicken marinated in vinegar and fiery red chili paste) and the crab cake. Both were extremely flavorful and in generous portions, which we finished in no time.For entrees, we got the Chemmen Kalwan (jumbo prawns with garlic, red chillies and coriander) and the Hyderabadi Gosht with garlic naan and rice. The prawns were out of this world. I personally preferred it to the lamb. The naan were soft, warm and with perfect garlic essence.Wasn't disappointed the second time, and will be back again :)
This was a very beautiful restaurant. Loved the layout, the ambience, the lighting everything.Food wise, I think Tribeca thinks they are having Prime Indian food, but they are being fooled. The menu had been arranged to cater to an American Manhattanite Crowd. People who go there and think they are having authentic Indian and feel they are being exotic really have no clue on Indian dishes.Indian food is messy, its savory, its rich, its Indian. I felt like Tamarind toned all of that down a bit to not overwhelm the clientele, but by dialing it back I think they lost the authenticity of the food.Don't get me wrong, the meats were cooked perfectly, but the spices, the sauces, the flavor were too manipulated. It was too much about the perfection of the dish that it felt boring and over hyped.Oh but whoever is the bartender is amazing! Those drinks were awesome!
Me and my husband went here for our anniversary dinner and had a great time. I loved the ambience and my cardamom martini. Their paneer tasted very special. Overall great food, upscale dining experience that comes with a big price tag!!
Ended up here one night on a whim after work/class and let me tell you it was so worth it! The atmosphere is business causal and the food is SO delicious! Everything was amazing. I would love to go back!
I was very excited to try Tamarind, and in the end pretty let down. Service was passable, if not a little annoying; too many explanations and up sells. Too many mentions of the Michelin star that they don't deserve. I ordered two specials, a chicken tikka appetizer and a shrimp entree. The chicken was way over cooked. I ate one piece and saved the rest for my dog. The only flavor in the shrimp was freezer burn, and it too was over cooked. My wife had a vegetarian platter that was underwhelming. All in, with two entrees, one app, some rice and naan, and no alcohol, we spent $160. I would have much preferred some generic Indian takeout for $40.
The food was creative and amazing, however service was very slow- even at 9:00pm. Our table was not a good one, right next to the stairs and in full view of the brightly lit cashier station. Room temperature was frigid! Be prepared to spend at least $175 for 2 people.
Absolutely phenomenal Indian food!  The best Indian I've ever had in NYC...that is quite a c ompliment for such a great food city.  Everything was perfection.  I haven't been there in a few years but it STILL stsnds out in my memory as being one of the best meals I've ever had!  You will not be disappointed!!
Wife, visiting parents, and I sat down here on the July 4th weekend. Still unclear if this is their permanent spot or if they are moving back to the flatiron district. But in any event, my thoughts on this come with the following disclaimers. We are vegetarian. My parents are from India and I have visited India 10 times at various lengths. I grew up with our staple diet being a South Indian diet so slightly varied from the majority of the dishes on the menu. Overall, this was a very fine establishment with good food and good ambiance. It is worthy of their Michelin star rating and my review below is from a place of knowledge. First off - the decor is very elegant and a healthy change of pace than the typical 28th and Lex Curry Hill taxi stand type restaurants. When you end up spending upwards of 200 dollars for a meal, you might want a little atmosphere to align. We had the cauliflower appetizer which translates to a manchurian style fried dish. I think this was a special but it is traditionally one of my must haves. It did not disappoint and a table of 4 can easily split one dish. We also ordered a yogurt based rice chex mix appetizer with mint chutney and other flavors. I say chex mix for the non-Indians in the room. It more aptly can be characterized as crunchy stuff in yogurt with sweet and spicy flavors. As for main courses: The saag paneer (spinach and cheese) was good. The bread was excellent for the main. We ordered about 3 main dishes, rice and a bread basket and all was good. The mixed vegetable korma (navarathan curry) was very good and not overly spiced with cloves which is the way it should be. Some Indian restaurants go nuts with cloves which ends up making your nose burn. For dessert, we had the gulab jamun which are cinnamon liquid infused fried dough balls. They came out warm which is a must and the consistency was average. Not too soft and maybe a touch too hard. The perfect ones are moist but not soft. Its a nuance that most restaurants dont get perfectly right because they dont make them fresh that day. This place was good, not great for these.
My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday evening in the summer and from start to finish we loved the place. To start with we usually do not go to Indian restaurants but we were craving shivering different. From the minute we walked into the restaurant the ambiance was amazing.  The decor was clean and classy, not to mention we were seated immediately, the waiter even helped me with my seat! For starters we chose from their lovely wine selection and then had the samosas. Hands down best samosa we've had.  The samosas were not over or under seasoned, nice layer of delectable fried batter  and was paired with two sauces on the dish. For the entree i had a tandoori chicken which wad good,  but my boyfriend's  lamb on the specials with basmati rice, I wish I could remember the name:( , was amazing. The lamb was tender and seasoned perfectly.  We defiantly plan on going back & even with friends,  I have to taste their Naan!
A Google search for Indian restaurants showed me Tamarind Tribeca with decent star review, so we decided to check it out. We had Vinay as our waiter and he was great. Very attentive with a sense if humor and always made sure we had full glasses of water and that we were content with our meal. The chicken tikki masala was easily the best I've ever had. Everything is a la carte, so you have to order rice separately, but it is definitely worth it. The decor is also very inviting. It's definitely a nice place to go to have a drink at the bar or to bring a date.
This place is quite exquisite both in aesthetics and in service. The restaurant is gorgeous. The service is spot on but can be a little too much. For instance, the servers scoop the food onto your plate for you when it first arrives. It was a little uncomfortable (I was thinking "are they gonna spoon feed me too!). Anyway, the food was fresh and flavorful. The only huge con to my entire experience was that the hostess sat us down in an area that was super close to two other tables. I felt like a sardine. It was difficult to get up without knocking over items on our table. The worst part however, was the patrons sitting next to us. Two ladies. Loud, annoying, and just wouldn't shut their pieholes. Talking about how much benzodiazepines they take in a day, their flings in the Hampton's, recounting the minute-to-minute details of a guy they met on two or there occasions ("first he wakes up in the morning, then he showers, then, he gets dressed, then...."). All in all, I had the urge to take the cork from the bottle of red wine they were swigging like water, and cork their verbal blowholes to get a little quite.
Hands down best Indian restaurant in NYC ( yes I have been to Junoon and many others)The ambience and service  is great, the food is simply awesome...!!!
Another RW! Are you serious Michelin ? you need to get your star back!I might just not be into Indian food much, however nothing but the watermelon salad was really interesting !Very heavy lunch....
Love this place. The okra is amazing, the cauliflower appetizer is like candy, saag paneer so savory AND of course the butter chicken to die for. We usually like to dine at the bar, because it is quite large and never too packed. And the bartenders make great martinis.
While I spend most of my time wallowing in obscurity with other commoners, biding time before my inevitable re-ascension, tonight the maitre d' at Tamarind let the secret out :"What beautiful ladies you are dining with. How is the King? "Honestly, the King was quite pleased.Who wouldn't be happy sipping the wonderful ginger pepper martini, an interesting combination being simultaneously spicy and sweet. A second one was a no-brainer. The Cucumber Gimlet was pleasing if mellower. Interesting would best describe the Grapefruit Mohito. It wasn't bad but  hard to get a handle on.The food was wonderful, just short of a regal experience.Just for the fair Lady C I will list every dish in vivid detail.(just kidding I'm too lazy)The King's nod of approval goes to :(yes i consulted menu. My memory and linguistic skills are not that great.)1.Chimbori Jalwa -- crab meat with curry, ginger, garlic, green chilies and scallions. Wonderful, filling appetizer. I would suggest sharing this. Spicy but not excessively so. God help the chef that makes the King cry.2.Murgh Angarey--  cornish hen in ginger, garlic, garam masala, yogurt and saffron. Perfectly cooked and the seasoning took something familiar and made it fresh and interesting.3. Saag Paneer spinach and cottage cheese with ground spices. A surprise for this regal carnivore. A creamier creamed spinach in which the spices had a blooming after effect.Even my least favorite dish wasn't bad. The Kachori ( patties with lentils and green peas ) had an unfortunately hard pastry shell, i enjoyed the taste of the inner filling.Eating in the spacious, beautifully light dining room or drinking at the narrow yet sexy bar can make anyone feel like royalty. Unlike many places that seem to cram as many tables as possible together, there was more than adequate spacing here. No need to hear neighboring  patrons, sometimes embarrassing, conversations.( I would lose the house music. It wasn't too loud but it was house music)SPIES AMONG US ?Strangely the staff here was very attuned to what was going on at our table. Very attuned.Whether speaking of difference between green peppers & jalapeños, Murakami or Larrson,  a server frequently appeared with indirectly related comments.Coincidental? Spies?Be wary discussing potential overthrows or security concerns here.A wonderful night of  food and drinks in the company of the wonderful Lady C and Lady M.Yes.It's good to be King.
I had heard of Tamarind a while ago when someone had described it to me as the best Indian restaurant they had been to. So when I was in New York, I knew I had to try it out.This is probably one of the highest end Indian restaurants I have been to, at least in the United States. For the first time in years, I was offered a hot hand towel before my meal. Maybe I just don't visit classy establishments enough?The food was excellent. Was it out-of-this-world extraordinary? No, but I think that's because our expectations were probably high enough as it is. The prices are expected for a nice restaurant in New York.Amber in San Francisco is still probably my favorite high end Indian restaurant in the country, but Tamarind is close.
We have been at Tamarind many times. Without getting into too many details, their food is outstanding.  From the samosa to the lamb dishes to the saag paneer and without forgetting the kulfi, food at Tamarind fills your palate with multi dimension flavors that leave you at the end with just a wow! Service is also first class from the beginning to the end. Bravo!
We were a big group of 12 and got seated on one of the smaller mezzanine floors. Almost everything we ordered was good, but I found the vegetables to be outstanding and not cooked or sauced to death in typical Indian restaurant style. The Okra, was very good, offset with the sweet and crunch of sauteed red onions. We also ordered Aloo-Gobi without the Aloo, and this cauliflower dish was outstanding.  The Kerala Fish curry, and Lamb chops were amazingly flavorful. The sommelier was helpful and managed to pair some great reds (a Malbec and a Burgundy) with our dishes. We ordered a lot of other dishes, but these are the ones that stood out. I also recommend ordering Rotis instead of Naan, as they complement this kind of food better than "white-bread" Naan.
Solid upscale Indian food. I've been to the one in midtown and this location now and enjoyed both experiences...personally, I prefer some of the more casual restaurants with just as good food. Tamarind is a bit over the top for Indian, but the food is good... Expect to pay over $50/head with drinks and tip.
Between the food and the service, I didn't necessarily find anything about Tamarind to be particularly worthy of a Michelin star, but this was a great pick for Restaurant Week lunch that I'm extremely glad I made nonetheless. A paltry $25 earns lunchgoers their choice of appetizer, TWO entrees, and dessert, accompanied by an amuse bouche, naan, coconut basmati rice, and a vegetable side dish, making this not only one of the most affordable Michelin experiences out there, but also a fantastic lunch deal that could easily satisfy a modest appetite for an entire day. I opted for the following dishes:Tarbooz salad: small portion that consisted primarily of watermelon much to my surprise, but it paired unexpectedly and delightfully well with the crispy slices of grilled paneer. Reminded me of a classic watermelon and ricotta salad, but with an Indian twist. Light, refreshing, and very creative starter, but if you have a huge appetite, go for the lentil cakes, which are hearty, plump, and served two apiece.Tandoori swordfish: unfortunately, a tandoori oven is probably too hot for cooking a delicate fish, since this was overcooked and had a rather dreadful stringy texture. However, the zesty tandoori spices and accoutrement of mint chutney worked wonders to mask any misgivings of the fish. It also paired really well with the second entree I ordered -Bharwal kerala: a petite bitter gourd halved lengthwise and pan seared, stuffed with a potato/shiitake/onion/pepper hash, perched atop a mound of tomato sauce (much like a tikka masala sauce) and drizzled with yogurt. Bitter gourd tends to have a polarizing effect (I happen to love it), but this one was earthy and cooked perfectly - not bitter at all. The potato stuffing was a bit greasy, but it was super delicious nevertheless. I probably wouldn't recommend this if you've never tried bitter melon, but I thought this was a wildly creative and delicious dish.Payasam (rice pudding dessert): this was more of a condensed milk pudding in terms of both flavor and texture rather than a rice pudding. Though not what I was expecting, its warmth and richness made it a satisfyingly homey way to end the meal.The rice and vegetable dish (peas and potatoes) were fine, but the naan was exemplary and nothing short of the best I've ever had. With raised edges like a pizza crust, it was crisp in the center, but fluffy, soft, and lusciously pillowy around the edges. The entire bottom of the naan was extremely crispy and charred without tasting burnt at all.Service was spotty (when I asked for descriptions of the entrees, the waiter exasperatedly snapped, "you can read the descriptions right here, they're pretty clear - no?") and all in all, the food was just about as tasty as what you'd encounter at your favorite neighborhood Indian restaurant. Still, the diverse menu and the creativity and unexpectedness of the dishes made this one of my top picks for Restaurant Week.
Kids not allowed ... It felt as if having a kid was a sin. Bad for families with kids.
Meh. Isn't anything special. I've been here 4 times and I can't say any of the dishes were memorable. Each time I went in hoping to change my mind about this place. I just don't feel like it was worth the price. However that being said, service was good and the place is beautiful. They blast the AC, so I was freezing the whole meal. All in all, I think I can find the same quality Indian food for cheaper.
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary and the experience was amazing!!! We were seated immediately (as we had a reservation) and the menu was explained. We ordered 2 entrees not realizing how big these dishes were. We had an abundance of food! The food was delicious!!! The staff was extremely courteous and friendly. It was beautifully decorated. Everything looked elegant. The ambiance was nice and refreshing. We ordered 2 drinks, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert and it was less than 100 bucks. Can't complain about anything. DEF MUST TRY!!!!!
1 Michelin Star.... Chef Avta WaliaTamarind deserves 3 to 3.5 stars in my book.  For a Michelin rated restaurant, I expected better service and the quality of food could of been better for the price.  I actually prefer Junoon over Tamarind.  Tamarind didn't give me such a lasting impression from the minute that I walked in.  The venue itself is spacious, well lit with high ceilings.  Nothing unique to the restaurant that stands out as an Indian restaurant.  We were greeted to our own private booth with hot hand towels, which was nice, but after that the service was just beyond slow from our waiter.  He seemed out of it the whole time just standing there, not seeing that we needed some help, or that we needed the bill.  For the amount of people that were in the restaurant, I don't think it is an excuse to be even slow and barely refill our water throughout our entire luncheon.  I felt like I had to chase down someone to pay attention to us!Otherwise, we decided to do the executive lunch which is $25 a person with one appetizer, 2 entrees, naan, vegetable side, rice, and dessert.  The entrees are not big at all for your information.  If you order chicken, it will come in 2 pieces of chicken, or 2 pieces of salmon cubes for example.  Ordered:Amuse Bouche: Fried eggplant with mint chutney.  (Not a fan of eggplant!)1. Pudina Ghosht- this lamb appetizer was DELICIOUS and full of flavor! It was great with the apricots and mint chutney that accompanied with it!2. Crab Nazakat-  the crab was very fresh and was eaten in an unique way with the cups.3. Murgh Kali Mirch- seasoned chicken that was a bit too dry for my taste.  You can really taste the blackpepper that they seasoned it with though.4. Taar Korma- It tasted like stewed lamb.  Probably one of my least favorites.5. Nizami Machli Tikka- the salmon was one of my favorites.  The texture was very well cooked with the sauce. 6. Methi Paneer- Paneer to me always seemed a bit bland to me.  It feels like tofu but good nonetheless.Dessert: Mango Shrikand and Khubani Halwa.  I wasn't really a fan of any of the desserts that they offered.  If anything the mango pudding/soup still wins while the apricot tasted nutty and weird to me.It was a nice change to go all the way to tribeca to check out Tamarind but not great enough for me to make that long trek!!
Going into the evening, the only thing I really knew about Indian food is that rednecks hate it.  As a recovering redneck myself (I go to weekly meetings), I was somewhat "curry-ous" and snuck some tums tablets in my pocket just in case.  However, I was amazed at the depth of flavor every dish delivered in a beautifully classic setting.Pros:1. Portion size - Come hungry, or split the entrée.  We had to get an Uber SUV to get all the leftovers home.2. Wine selection - Reasonably priced with a good selection. Plenty of room for the white to chill next to your table versus sweating it out on the table.3. Menu options - Good descriptions of the dishes4. Food! (See below) Cons:1. Service was not top-notch.  We sat staring at the dessert menu for nearly 20 minutes before finally flagging down our server to take our order.  We suspect that they were understaffed, for he was always busy and waiting on other tables.  Servers were not rude and were always helpful and knowledgeable, just not readily available. Ordered1. Prawns - Probably our least favorite dish.  Tasted slightly over-cooked and the flavors were somewhat mild.  The prawns were a little on the small side, like they have been skipping carbs for a few weeks.2. Duck burrito - This thing was huge, and definitely meant to share.  The pastry dough was really flakey, like that friend that always wants to "meet up sometime for coffee." 3. Lamb in creamy onion sauce - It was fantastic, and the sauce made the dish.  However, I had to knife and fork the lamb, and was not as tender as I was expecting a braised dish to be.4. Halibut - It wins awards for a reason.  Moist (still hate that word), perfect color and texture and seasoned to perfection.  Not overly complex, but still wonderful (like an episode of Friends)5. Vegetable rice - Rice with vegetables. Hard to get too descriptive with this one.  6. Broccoli and cheese Non - Think of it as the best tasting shovel you have ever put in your mouth.  7. Dessert with moose - Rich.  Very rich.  Like just got hit by Donald Tump's limo rich.  Overall - Put this one on your restaurant bucket list, even if your name is Dale and you have a tattoo of a number on one arm (HS football or NASCAR) and a beer company logo on the other.
Came here with my husband and my mother and she had the best Indian dish she ever tasted in her life. I know it is pricy but Lobster Masala is a MUST dish. You will taste the Lobster in every scoop, you will be in heaven. Potato and scallop appetizers are also heavenly. Truly a happy experience!
I can easily rate this as one of the Top 5 Indian restaurants in the US.Great food along with very attentive (yet unobtrusive) service made our evening here very memorable.The chicken Kebab appetizer was delicately spiced and so tender! The tangy chaat had some unique and pleasing flavors.The goat curry with subtle ginger flavor and the Dal Makhni were the best I've had in a long time. The garlic naans were perfectly baked.The rice pudding took me back home to Punjab!Mr. Walia, the owner was very gracious and came across as a restaurateur who is very passionate about his place.A must visit place for Indian food lovers.
5 stars for service and ambiance! Service was excellent the food was meh. We ordered the chicken tikki masala, a lamb appetizer, naan, jasmine rice and one of the chicken murghs.  The spices just seemed a bit off and lacked any distinctive flavor. The chicken was a bit dry and hard. Would not return.
Their Lamb kebab is so amazing. Came to this Micheline one star restaurant in restaurant week for $25 lunch. We didn't expect that much as they had offered. The experience was very pleasant and also restaurant week lunch menu was a definitely a deal and the lamb is a must-try! Hands down, best Indian food I've tried.
Outstanding Indian food. Wonderfully prepared and perfectly balanced spices (essential for good Indian food). Probably the best Indian food we've ever had (maybe except for in London) -- and the best restaurant we've found in NYC (most of which are overpriced and overrated -- but not Tamarind).
Great food, but horrible service.  Kitchen was perfect timing, but the Waiter had 11 tables and could not manage it.  Meal took 2.5 hours, which included 30 minutes to get the waiters attention to place the order and 30 minutes to flag the waiter to get the check.  At this point we gave up on the waiter and 15 minutes later flagged a random employee to run the credit card.  If they can fix the service issue, I would give them 5 stars.
Thali was good.Ambience, portions and service were good . Prefix won't disappoint you.
Tamarind was delicious! We went for a friend's birthday and the staff was on point!  You're glass will never be empty and they will make accomodations for you.  The birthday boy wanted something that was not on the menu and they made it for him.  We had a great time.  The saag paneer was amazing, the chicken tikka massala was the best I've ever had.  It is a little on the pricey side for Indian food, however there is a nice lunch special you can take advantage of during the week.
I got food poisoning!Don't eat the seafood here! My husband and I went there for a nice dinner. We rarely have time to go on dates so we were looking forward to this evening. Thought we really enjoyed the dinner, but about an hour after getting home I became seriously ill and started to VOMIT. More than 24 hours later, my stomach still isn't fully settled and that's after taking medicine and staying away from hard to digest foods.My husband called the restaurant to let them know and they didn't even apologize. They said the manager would call him back but they never did. So much for the service. Don't eat here. Too much $$$ and unsafe food. Just FYI I had the Tamarind Scallops and Shrimp Curry that was served in a coconut (forgot what it's called).
Excellent Indian food.  The only other high-end Indian place that I've been to is Rasika in Washington, DC.  Tamarind definitely blows it out of the water when it comes to food, however the cocktails at Rasika were better (chili gin fizz, yum!).I ordered the lamb chop on the recommendation of the maitre d'hotel and it was outstanding.  My husband ordered a chicken special in pickling spices, which was similarly succulent and flavorful.  Our guest ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was very good but didn't knock my socks off.  The wines we ordered were delicious and reasonably priced for the area.The decor is very elegant, although it seems more like a place for a business dinner rather than a trendy weekend spot.  The service was wonderful and we felt very taken care-of throughout the meal.  4 stars because although it was spot-on, I think I probably would enjoy a mom & pop Indian place more.
Extraordinary.  Took my wife for her 40th Birthday celebration.  While ordering we were informed all products are made from soybean oil.  Given her allergy to soy, the restaurant went above an beyond to make the dishes we selected from scratch to accommodate her.  At the end of the dinner, the owner personally stopped by to make sure everything came out to perfection.   Highly recommend the place and looking forward to going back again (with instructions from the owner to call two days in advance and any meal she wants will be prepared, soy-free).  Thank you again Tamarind.
Had an amazing dinner last night with friends. Delicious food, impeccable service. And the waiter overheard it was my friends birthday and brought a free dessert with a candle.
Great ServiceGreat food particularly the Sea BassWonderful cognacThe Canadian guest tried speaking Hindi - fail
The lunch pre-fixe here is a great deal. You get your choice of appetizer, 2 mains (that come with additional naan and sauteed vegetables), and dessert. I came here with 2 others, and we ended up trying almost the whole menu!The soup of the day, asparagus soup, was really flavorful - with hints of curry in it. The rice cakes were solid - the grainy texture was interestingly really different from korean or chinese rice cakes . For mains, we really enjoyed the chicken, salmon, and potato. The beans and lamb were good too, although not as tender or flavorful as the aforementioned. The naan was useful in mopping up the sauces and the sauteed vegetables were surprisingly really good! For dessert, the mandarin sorbet and mango cheesecake were both refreshingly sweet and fresh. I liked the service here, everyone was really polite. I waddled out of the dining room very full but very happy.
Very nice restaurant.. I come here on occasions. The food is good, I love Indian food. Decor is simple but elegant. Place is pricey but you are in the heart of Tribeca. Staff are amazing and courteous, very attentive. Drinks are strong and made quickly, no matter how busy they are.
My friend had mentioned about this restaurant a while ago, we also did some google/yelp search and found the reviews to be very good. I would say this is one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC, well worth the Michelin star rating. Food is stellar. They had very good selection of wine/beer.My wife and I don't eat meat but we had more than few options. I got the nargisi kofta ,which was well made with  cashew nut sauce and lotus roots. It tasted very good. My wife ordered off the restaurant week menu. There were few vegetarian entrees. The Paneer dish she ordered was made with tomato sauce. It was bit tangy. Karela with mushroom  stuffing was delicious. she also got sindhi kadi (lot of vegetables) which was good too. It came with coconut rice and pudhina naan, the naan was very soft. For dessert we got mango kulfi, it was not too sweet and but bit rich.Service was prompt  and we always had a glass full of water, didn't have to wait for a long time for food or drinks.
Dining in Tribeca over the past year, and this was my favorite place among many so far (vcafe close second). Really elegant/modern decor and top notch food, with spices and herbs that meld really well. Highly recommend.
Beautiful setting. Good service.The food is just ok if you know your desi food. The curries are flavorful but the grilled meats are pretty bland.I recall the food being better at the Flatiron location. Thus was my first visit to the TriBeCa one. The owner was doing the rounds, speaking to patrons. Which was a nice touch- good to see a passionate owner.I won't be return for one reason primarily- they are pretty explicit in their no children under 4/5 policy & openly hostile towards strollers. As a mom of two, while I respect the restaurants prerogative, I in principle find it difficult to support an establishment that is so child unfriendly.
We had dinner there last night with 2 other couples.  While the waiter service was not as prompt and cheerful as it usually is, the rest of the experience, from the greeting you get when you walk in to the owner's friendly welcome, was a great segue into a delightful meal.  We ordered the cauliflower appetizer (not on the menu but it's a regular special they have and it's delicious) for the table for our friends who had never had it. They used words like "out of this world" "absolutely delicious" "best appetizer ever". Then we had a mix of appetizers (samosas, duck roll, scallops ). Everything came out hot and delicious.  The lamb dish i had was outrageously good and my husband absolutely loved the tandoor chicken. The halibut got rave reviews as did the tikka masala.  This restaurant is hands down th best indian in lower manhattan, and possibly nyc.  The decor is stunning and the wine list is abundant and not too overpriced. A great date place and, as we discovered last night, and great place to go with a group of friends, though a roomier table would have been perfect.  Love this place.  If i could eat that cauliflower dish everyday, i would!
Came here for lunch and had a great time! The drinks, the food, the service and the atmosphere were a 10/10. At a normal indian restaurant I would shy away from fish or seafood but both dishes with lobster are to die for, so is the crab appetizer (don't remember the name of it). The quality of the food was really noticeable, at a typical Indian restaurant in the city the quality is nowhere near what it is here. Even the spices tasted fresher zestier. Drinks were strong and complimented the food very well! Service was great too. The only thing is I was surprised how little of a crowd was there on a weekend afternoon, would expect the place to be packed.
I visit Tamarind during every visit I make to NYC.  I've eaten there more than five times and it never disappoints.  It is high-end Indian food expertly prepared, with great variety, from unique selections to all the staples.  I never fail to order the award winning halibut and the lamb chops - both dishes savory and out of this world delicious. The tikka masala and vindaloo are spot on wonderful.  They have one chicken on the bone dish (forgot name) that is perfectly roasted and spiced.  The naan, with many varieties, and the poori is by far the best I have ever tasted. The only negative is the desserts - if you crave something sweet I suggest you go elsewhere.  But who goes to an Indian restaurant for the desserts anyways?Atmosphere at the new location in TriBeCa is perfect - modern, sleek, hip, and spacious.  Beautiful bar. Service is always attentive. Best Indian food this side of the Atlantic.
this review is specifically for RW lunch, so it might not be fairdecent food but not memorable. deserts are bad.
Tamarind Tribeca is indeed a fine Indian restaurant, i.e. fancy with white table cloths.  We received a friendly greeting upon entering the restaurant.  We were going to be seated at a table jammed between other tables, however, we requested a different table and they accommodated.  Our waitress and servers were friendly and professional.  We were pleased with the overall service.  Once seated, Khari biscuit and yogurt sauce were brought to the table.  The Khari biscuit was tasty however, it was extremely light so the portion of one per person is insufficient.  The yogurt sauce was tangy and sweet, like tamarind.  We ordered Midnight in Mumbai, a rye and port cocktail.  It was delicious however, my husband spilled most of it and it wasn't replaced, something we expected from an upscale place.  Our waitress did take care of the spill right-away.  We ordered Bhel Poori as our starter, it was visually appetizing however, it was a bit dry and needed more seasoning.  Our food experience got better once we received our main course.  We ordered a vegetarian (Tandoori Subz) and a non-vegetarian (Tandoori Mixed Grill) entrée.  The Tandoori Subz were flavorful, I am not a fan of mushrooms because of their texture but I particularly enjoyed this mushroom.  It had depth of flavor.  The seasoned paneers were also delicious, both had the right amount of spice and tang.  I would have liked poblano pepper instead of the Italian pepper, as it is more flavorful and would have better suited the filling, but I enjoyed the filling, made with paneer, tomatoes and caramelized onions.  The only disappointment on the plate was the spinach tiki, it was greasy, heavy and lacked flavor.  The Tandoori Mixed Grill entrée was also very flavorful. It came with three different flavors of tandoor chicken, a tandoor shrimp and a tandoor lamb chop.  All were well prepared and juicy, especially the tandoor shrimp and lamb chop. The black lentils on the plate were a big surprise, far exceeding expectations.  Although, the lentils could have used a hint of brightness since they were very rich. The food is best suited for an Americanized Indian food palate.  Traditional Indian food lovers may enjoy with an open mind.
Having never eaten high end Indian cuisine previously we did not know what to expect here - and all I can say is wow.  A meal fit for a king, prepared perfectly and served expertly in a gorgeous setting.  Every facet of this dining experience transcends both time and space - just kidding but the meal does rank up there as one of our absolute best dining experiences ever.Great bar to enjoy a pre-dinner libation along with their very large operation located in the heart of Tribeca is a gem.  And, as with most gems expensive as well...
I must say that there a few places that can pull off "upscale Indian" in a good way, and Tamarind is definitely one of them. Despite the swanky interior of the restaurant, and the artfully plated food, the flavors coming from the dishes are so rich and full... I was craving lamb, and decided on the milagu curry. The combination of the onion, ginger, tomato, coconut, garlic and curry well accompanied the tenderly braised pieces of lamb. I had my dish served along with a side of steamed vegetables (vs rice), and that made for a nice meal. While I expected it to be light, I was left quite full afterward... despite the portion. (The portion was perfect; some might call it modest, but I thought it was exactly right.) In all honesty, I could not entertain the idea of having dessert, but we were brought some complimentary sweets after our meal.I wish I could've tasted more, but with a couple of martinis in the system, I couldn't do it. But all in all, the experience was great. I'm definitely planning to make this one of my regular spots for when I am in downtown (Manhattan).
Seriously amazing and creative Indian restaurant! Beautiful sapce, amazing service, fun cocktails. I can not say enough good about this place. The mint cosmo is great...and please, please try the duck appetizer...I didn't want to, but the server convinced me and it was mind blowing!! Love this place!
Ok, I give Tamarind between 3 & 4 stars. This restaurant should not have a Michelin star (if it still does). Apps were a bit if a bust. Crab curry was wet and with little flavor. Aloo puri also fell flat. Mains were strong. Shrimp Caldi had a  very interesting and good sauce (even if the "medium shrimp" were a bit dry). I would order it again. Halibut and lamb chops were outstanding, as was the prawn special. I did nit taste the lamb dishes. Alcohol - the ginger & pepper martini and tamarind margarita were very good. We also drank a decent bottle of Côte de Rhone for $40. Strengths - dining room is very, very attractive. Service was quite good (but not Michelin level). Service very good, just not  "polished" or anticipatory. To the restaurant, I would suggest more management on the floor. Weaknesses - Our apps. There was glitch in the meal, we had a party of 7, one of our guests was not served for a full ten minutes after the other 6. This always gives you an awkward moment, when you don't know if you should wait or start. We ended up getting another plate and sharing. The restaurant did bring ice cream with our dessert to compensate. That said, a $500 dinner should have kitchen that is organized. Would we dine here again, probably not. There are just too many choices in this big city, and too many restaurants hitting home runs.
This is a truly exceptional indian restuarant better in fact than anything in London which is certainly well know for its Indian food.  The service is elegant and the environment beautiful. i especially love their vegetarian entrees including the lotus root dumplings and sauteed cauliflower.  Well done Tamarind!
Best Indian restaurant in NYC hands down. Beautiful decor, awesome service and flavor filled dishes that make you feel as if you are dining in India. You will not find more authentic Indian cuisine in this city, worth every penny!
I love this place! Food is great and they don't bombard u with too much food. Cocktails are also very inspirational lol. The atmosphere is great. I honestly just love trying new dishes here they r all amazing. I want to go back like nowwwwww
LOVE this place. Fabulous ambiance, PERFECT service and incredible food. We had the Bhagarey Baigan (Japanese eggplant), Achari Khumb (shiitake shrooms) and some kind of onion fritters with chutney. Food-gasms galore. And I had the best cocktail (the name escapes me) with cardamom-infused vodka. Highly recommend Tamarind.
I always look forward to Friday date nights. It is the highlight of my week, I can unwind and relax. And last week's date night brought us to upscale Indian.This place is snazzy. Dress yourself up, put on those heels. And yea make sure you have on that bright red lipstick that is a show stopper. The bar is gorgeous, but I don't see myself drinking there. I am a divey girl that just likes heels and red lipstick. We had a reservation for 8:30pm. The place was full of people, but not packed and we were immediately led to our table. The service was interesting. I want to say it is very attentive, but I found myself feeling very dizzy and confused. First, we were given warm towels to wipe our hands. A very nice gesture. Thus far, I have only experienced Japanese restaurants that do that! Then right after, we were asked what kind of water we wanted and very shortly after, the amuse bouche arrived. The waiter also managed to swipe my napkin away so my lap was left naked for awhile. And before I had a chance to breathe, the waiter came by and told us the specials but he was speaking really fast and I didn't know what he said. And then he proceeded to ask me if I wanted anything to drink. I was so discombobulated...Once all the madness stopped, everything turned out great. My tamarind margarita was excellent. And my date was very happy about the Oolong tea. We started off with the tamarind scallops. Excellent dish, fresh and the scallops extremely tender. Large portion size and very fulfiling. My date got the lobster masala and stated, " good portion size, delicious with a hint of coconut." I had the Nargisi Kofta, which are dumplings made with cheese and lotus. So good. My favorite Indian dish is malai kofta and this is a "version" of kofta and one of the best I have had. It still doesn't beat this place in Boston though...For dessert, we had rasmalai. They are cheese "pillows" soaked in milk, sugar, cardamon. So good and rounded out the evening nicely. A great meal all in all, but a bit pricey for Indian. I would probably reserve this place for a special occasion as you have to have a steep pocket for this place!
My new favorite Indian restaurant. The service was impeccable. The food was amazing. The decor threw me off upon entering, the interior design was very modern.
For the price, I expected a little more from the food - it wasn't quite as good as other Indian food I've had. (My boyfriend loved his food though, so opinions differ here). But the restaurant is absolutely beautiful, and the presentation of the food is nice, so it still gets 4 stars. We came for the prix-fixe lunch. Wish they had more vegetarian options, but it was solid. Service was a little weird.
Place is really upscale for what I'm use to in indian restaurants. I'm a Jackson Diner type of girl. The food was really good. I had the Tiki Marsala and the sauce was great but not any better than other places. The chicken all white meat though was very dry. I couldn't eat it and the basmanti rice was also hard. Everything else was great ... I was pleasantly surprised to like the lamb chop like appetizer. I'm not big on lamb and it was impressive.
I had not been here,  but had heard of it.  I greatly enjoyed the meal and found the food flavorful and filling.  I had the Tandoori Mixed grill.  The shrimp was burned and the chicken a bit dry, but overall great flavor and the lamb was cooked to perfection.  Great service, great servers.  The desserts were delectable and the Nan otherworldly.  Loved it!
For upscale creative indian, can't do better than this. Go with a variety of appetizers i- l ordered the chicken kebabs, duck, samosas, and scallops. All were creative, and just the right size. Ask for extras of all the sauces- you'll be glad you did-they are delicious. Especially the one in the begining that comes with the complimentary puff pastries. I didnt order it but the fried and sauced cauliflower looked amazing too.
hands down some of the best service i have ever had. excellent food also, but the experience is about service and our waitstaff went above and beyond. highly recommend.
My wife and I had dinner at Tamarind several weeks ago.  They may have lost their Michelin star, but are still on top of their game as far as food and service are concerned.  Our spinach appetizer, lamb entree, and mixed Tandoori veg entree were all delicious.  Downstairs seating   We'll keep coming back.
We came to Tamarind for a Friday night date night.  We started off with a Tamarind Margarita, which is essentially a normal margarita with some juice and tamarind.  I agree with other Yelpers that it is a pretty solid drink, albeit a bit unusual.We got an appetizer of the Tamarind Scallops -- this was possibly one of the best things I've eaten in a while.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and exploded with flavor.  If you're going to get an appetizer, make it the scallops.  We both got the chicken tikka masala as an entree.  The chicken was nicely done and the sauce was very flavorful--it was probably in the top 5 chicken tikka dishes I've tried.  However, I recommend trying something on the menu that is more unique because I felt like it was a bit of a cop-out to get such a typical and popular dish.The service was always very prompt and professional.  Even though it was a busy Friday night, we never felt rushed and had a great meal.
Brought my mother here when she came to visit me, I'm sure the food is very good but unfortunately we never got to try it.Came on a Wednesday night at 8pm and we ordered, but an hour later our food still hadn't arrived and the staff just kept saying it would be a few more minutes. The staff were very nice but we just got fed up waiting so we left.
My fiancé and I came here for my birthday dinner. Hands down best indian food I've ever had. Every course was so well presented and gourmet yet had the essence of a hearty indian meal. Staff was SO nice everyone from servers to host. Probs my fave indian restaurant in NYC. LOVED their bhel puri appetizer and mango kulfi. No words good.
Usually when you think, of Indian food, you think of dishes saturated in curries that will have your stomach wishing you chose a different cuisine. However, Tamarind's take is some what different. While sticking true to Indian cuisine, they have managed to elevate their dishes, and you leave there with a very happy palate. I visited during restaurant week, and dined there during lunch. I had the Taar Korma, which was lamb in a coconut and tomato sauce, and it just melted in your mouth. The atmosphere screams elegant, yet fun, and exciting. I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking to try Indian food, but wants to avoid the usual fare.
By far the best Indian I've had in NYC. The TriBeCa location is chic and awesome for a special dinner. Great crowd and service. The malai halibut was exceptional! Can't wait to go again
This truly is an outstanding restaurant and the food is the best of Indian cuisine. We go every Friday night and everything we order is beyond delicious. The bartenders Jackson and Milton make the best cocktails. Our favorite is the Lychee Martinee and the Midnight in Bombay. Ambience is elegant, soft, and relaxing.
Best Indian food I've ever had!  Every dish was a hit and we tried 5 different plates among the four of us.  The cauliflower was a great start and I don't know the names of the others dishes we had but it was all delicious and the servers plated the food at the table which worked well.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants! The lobster dish is amazing! The atmosphere is out if this world. The service is 5 star.
Excellent, awesome, amazing!!!The decor sets the tone modern, airy and sophisticated. I have been here 3 times and each time has been outstanding. The staff are knowledgable, good conversationalists, and I have enjoyed all their recommendations. Everything I have tried has been elegant, flavorful and just generally delicious!I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
DELISH but EXPENSIVE.It's a place to go if you want a very special experience.  Good Indian food, but you are really paying for the location and the ambiance.I like it and will go back - may try the other (more low-key) location.
This place is Amazing.  I'm very picky about my chicken Tikka masala and they nailed it. I'd be very surprised if.I were able to find a place that topped this one. Atmosphere is very classy and beautiful.
Loved the chicken malai kabab & mango cosmopolitan cocktail.  Ambience is awesome but the service was not that great. They were in a hurry to take away the plates and that happened repeatedly. That was very irrirating. But overall it's good. Good Indian food.
I am beyond disappointed with Tamarind and this is NOT my first time. The first time I came here, I was with my boyfriend and we came for the afternoon tea service, which is supposed to be in the Lotus Room located on the upper level of the restaurant. Mind you, the host saw us and seemed to purposefully seat us elsewhere. We had to nag them about how we would like to sit in the room that the restaurant advertises on its site since we are here for the tea service! Finally they brought us upstairs, but we had to make a fuss about it. I came was more recently with my sister for the afternoon tea, since I thought I'd give the restaurant another chance. I came here the weekend of Diwali (just a few weeks back) with the hopes of ringing in another year together. However, the service (or lack thereof) at Tamarind essentially ruined our day. Again, they would NOT seat us in the Lotus Room. Why do you have the room and advertise your afternoon tea in the Lotus Room if you are NOT going to seat your patrons there to begin with? That was the tip of the iceberg unfortunately. Asides from not being seated in the Lotus Room, after we specifically asked, the afternoon tea menu notes that you receive tea, a wrap/sandwich, assorted cookies, + rice pudding. Our server told us that they did not have any more assorted cookies but that he would substitute something else for us. He never did... On top of that, my sister is allergic to cilantro and we noted that with the server. We asked that he provide some other chutney/sauce to accompany our sandwiches, since without any condiment it would be too dry (we ordered the paneer wraps). He said sure but never brought us a chutney. Moreover, our sandwiches were COLD and when we were looking for a server to ask some questions, they were no where to be found. For the price that we paid and the service we received, I was truly disappointed. Oh, and on the way out of the restaurant, we saw one of the workers ASLEEP in a booth. Legs up and all. I was hoping to come back with my parents, as a surprise, since they love tea but with the treatment I received I don't feel comfortable bringing them to this establishment.
Best lunch ever ! I'm in the industry and I came from New Jersey for this. Listen ....the lamb chops are to live for.! Never have I ever tasted lamb like this.  People please. Come here. Give yourself a gift.  Amen
(Restaurant week review)This restaurant is beautiful on the inside and the service is Great.  The food is pretty good especially the fish dish and the Faluda dessert.  I eat indian food at home and out really often so for a place that's considered a high end restaurant it really has to blow me away for me to justify the higher price and to recommend it.  I was more impressed with the look and feel of the place and the service and presentation of the food then the actual food.  The food overall (appetizer, rice, naan, lassi, Kerala dish) is pretty average.  I live in queens so I'm use to be being blown away by inexpensive Indian food.  This place does not add on to typical indian dishes and they havent created something new or interesting, they just have a beautiful place to eat average indian dishes.
This restaurant made us "Happy " ! We had made reservations, so as soon as we entered we we're take to our table. The decor and ambience was elegant yet traditional at the same time. Soft Hindi music in the background was perfect.Started off by the complimentary puffs . It was a little bit of heaven right there. Warm, fluffy with subtle garlic flavor. Reminded me of childhood days. We ordered Prawns jhol and cauliflower special appetizers . Shrimp was jumbo shrimp in a coconut yogurt sauce. I wanted to lick the sauce off the plate. Very authentic Kerala dish ( a state in India ) , with a twist. Perfect. Cauliflower dish was good but not blown away by it. Main course was chicken kurma, mesaledar  lamb chops, sufiyani fish , Nan, and veg. Pulav. If I were to choose my favorite , it would be like asking to chose between my kids. But if you want just one dish go for the lamb chops. Yum yum yum !All of above made perfect by Mr. Valia's personal touch. He comes to every table and actually talks to you. Being the owner, it shows his genuine passion in making sure you have the best time there.
Great service and delicious food were the two thoughts i left with after my meal. I suggest getting several entrees to share for the table as there is so much to try from the menu. Dahi poori and the chicken tikka were my two favorites from the menu. To be honest I wasn't a big fan of the drinks because the taste didn't match the price point. Everything else was fantastic!
Outstanding in every way. Hands down the best Indian food / Indian fine dining in the cityThe halibut is phenomenal as is the CTM!The ambiance is fabulous as well. Will be back!
Overpriced and underwhelming.  For some reason, I really felt like we paid  a lot for an "Indian Buffet" although it wasn't buffet style.  We ordered about seven dishes to be shared amongst the table, along with lots of nan and paratha.All the dishes sounded so delicious on the menu, but didn't get such raves when we put it into our mouths.  The Sindh Kahri was that underwhelming that people didn't realize that we still had the whole pot available at the end of the meal.Goat Biryani was the only dish that stood out as great.  The rest I would say is above average, since they used more authentic spices etc.
Had a business/friends dinner meeting there this eve.  Service excellent; dishes were really good - subtle spices, good presentation. Why not 5 stars? the ambiance - a rather cavernous space that left me wanting something more cozy.  But other than that, definitely worth a taste. Also I thought, given the dishes, service, etc the cost was way within reason.
Get the cauliflower appetizer.  Seriously! Go right now. Good service, reasonably priced, nice wine list. Indian-American fusion.
Ambient was great. Food was great too. Little expensive though. The only thing I didn't like was since they don't serve the cake, we took the cake to celebrate one of our friend's wedding and they charged $3 additional for each person. Overall it was good.
in one day, we went to the tamarind in flatiron for lunch and tamarind in tribeca for dinner. i loved my dinner experience much more than lunch. there was nothing to negative to say about lunch, but dinner was as if we were dining with family. the managers here will stop off at every table to say hello or wipe down your dishes before they arrive. our server was a secret sommelier, expertly decanting our bottle of wine. and explaining at the end of dinner why he did what he did. wine is a passion of his.. and i guess who doesn't have a passion for wine?!to be honest, i don't remember all the dishes we had bc i had no hand in ordering. but, they were delicious.
My FAVORITE restaurant in NYC. The food is spectacular, service great (very attentive) and ambiance was great. Visit this restaurant -- you won't be sorry!
Read the reviews and was really looking forward to coming here with my dad. Reservations for a Friday was relatively easy on OpenTable. We were seated on the corner and the staff was very attentive but intense staring made me a bit uncomfortable. Lots of compliments to my dad about how beautiful I looked was weird.Overall the food was slightly above average with my ginger lamp chops being the best and the tandoori chicken was nothing special. While the food was good, it was not worth $185 for the two of us. Probably won't return.
One of the best Indian Cuisin in United States, excellent food, service. I had a business dinner meeting with 3 others- shrimp, lamb kebab, sea bass tandoori style and lamb chops- really tasty. Tamarind has excellent decor. Service is very good- above average. Main entree-  chicken curry was a bit sweet, lamb curry was very good and so was fish curry. I have eaten at lease a dozen times and always had great food. The owner Mr. Avtar Walia personally greets you and twice he came our fable to ask about food and service- a very pleasant hospitality. A recommend to everyone who loves Indian food and those who never ate Indian food. My Favourite - Tamarind has 1 Michelin star.
Tamarind still ranks as the best Indian restaurant in all of NYC, in my book.  Although the style of the food clearly embellishes upon combinations of Western foods, the food is still authentic Indian food, regardless.  (Been to India before, so trust me.)They've changed the recipes up here a bit, and I love it. The Aloo Tikki, my favorite appetizer, is different from the tiny stack of 3 that I am used to having at the 22nd Street venue.  The Aloo Tikki here is more like one artful round mini-cake, with a consistency that resembles mashed potatoes.  But the change is a wonderful.  I am a huge fan.  Way to change a perfect dish and still keep it wonderful.I also highly recommend two dishes: the Murgh Mali Kabab, paired with the New Zealand Sauvingon Blanc (make sure it's the New Zealand, and not the other) and the Hyderabadi Ghazala paired with the California Merlot (hints of deep chocolate in this wine).  I normally would never recommend a Merlot, but the chocolate overtones in this wine make it an absolute delight to drink with any lamb, truly.If you have to wait a while before getting your table, I highly recommend you sit at the bar and try the Ginger & Pepper Martini.  It's superb. You just cannot go wrong at Tamarind.  The Walia Family has done it again!
A classy Indian restaurant (which is actually a bit difficult to find) with reasonably good food served under a pleasant and welcoming ambience. The restaurant is pricy but if you want good food with a  menu chart covering foods from all parts of India, you can't go wrong coming here. I particularly liked Raj Kachuri (a Calcutta speciality) and Punjabi Goat with their signature drink Tamarind Margarita. Overall, If you are looking for a grand dining experience on Indian cuisine in downtown Manhattan, this is the place to go.
Simply sublime Indian food served by expert, gracious staff.  There is none better in NYC and possibly the US.If you don't love it, you just don't like Indian food.
So I feel about Tamarind the way I kind of feel about the likes of Tao and Rosa Mexicano... sometimes ethnic food just tastes better when it's cheap.Don't get me wrong - Tamarind has excellent food - but I can't help feeling that the food would taste just as good served simply in a little copper tureen, eaten with one's hands, with a string of tacky Christmas lights overhead. Does placing my Tandoori Chicken on a heavy white plate with a curry leaf and an arabesque of cranberry sauce in the corner really elevate this dish to a $25 menu item? Decidedly no.Tamarind Tribeca has a corporate feel - two levels of seating, big tables, white tablecloths. The menu is as long as any other Indian joint... I was hoping for a cleaner, pared down menu, but it rambles on for like 4 pages of appetizers, your poultry, your lamb, your seafood, etc. All the entrees look very, very similar.I honestly can't remember what we ate... There was some scallop dish as an appetizer. A deep-fried duck / rice crepe appetizer was a fail. For the mains we tried the sea bass special and some murgh chicken dish... There may have been okra involved? All I clearly remember was a truly fantastic Afghani naan that was covered in honey and nuts.The menu was unfocused and the food was laden with so many ingredients that nothing really shone through, or stayed in one's memory. For desserts we unwisely experimented with some ... fennel dessert or something that tasted like I was eating aloe. The service was also a lackluster, with our waiter failing to explain the dishes as they arrived at the table, and a busboy that seemed extremely, extremely nervous.So fine, my review is biased towards the fact that I like my Indian cheap, and I feel that if Tamarind endeavors to be "fine dining" I should see less similarities in the dishes between this restaurant and a hideaway on Curry Lane.
We ordered take out from this place one time for lunch, the Naan was great. So I decided to go there with my friends. The food was ok, small portion and very expensive. The service was not very good especially after hearing is not ordering wine. I think it's better to get lunch take out from here than sitting down eating.
This restaurant is beautifully appointed, with discreet, well-proportioned spaces for groups of diners and soft, tasteful touches that are the hallmark of the modern luxury restaurant. Coming on a Saturday night, at 9pm, we found a full house, and as we waited for our reserved table to become available, hung out at the bar, where we met with a few glitches from the otherwise impeccable staff. When seated, we found a menu that was pretty diverse and despite a clear focus on catering to the Western style of eating and thus seem more upscale (that is, a meal that is not shared), our server was happy to help us find many dishes that our party of five could share, which I appreciated- perhaps this flexibility is inherent in the cuisine in any case? That meant, however, avoiding the appetizers, but nonetheless, we had a feast. We enjoyed several curries, tandoori'd chicken and prawns, several kinds of naan, roti and paratha (they call it parantha) and a well-flavored, gem-studded goat briyani. The Goan fish curry was redolent with the fragrance of coconut milk and had a hidden kick to it. The Punjabi tandoori teekh chicken seemed to fall apart a bit too easily, but had good flavor to it. Chicken tikka masala went down very well, although it's a dish that's very hard to do badly. The curry vegetables, Sindh Kahri, were unfortunately so uninteresting to the party that we didn't notice that we had half a pot left of it at the end of the meal! Overall, this restaurant is good for groups of friends, and to bring dates and for business occasions. It's pricey for casual dining.
I had a delicious chicken tikka marsala here. The service was good, however, I do wish the server had come around a tad more often. The wait between finishing a drink and getting another was a little long. Although, I do understand not wanting to irritate your table by constantly badgering them. There is a line between too little and too much and a restaurant that appears to have as much potential as this one should master it.It was gratifying to see the owner on the floor regularly. It is good for you to interact with the customers, however, I would avoid appearing to look over the staff's collective shoulder. All in all, if you are looking for a fine dining experience and enjoy good Indian cuisine, you should pay this place a visit. However, if you are simply looking to quench your desire for good Indian food I would go somewhere less pricy.
Order the award-winning halibut and you will be in 7th heaven (nan bread was horrible, rice was so-so should have been comp'd). Chicken kebab and other apps were delicious. Ginger vodka martini is amazing.The service was 4-stars. The space is extraordinary!
This restaurant is beautiful on the inside and the service is Great, one of the larger spaces we have seen for a restaurant in NYC.  We sat in the back room with a larger group of 12 and the service was outstanding.  We ended up just going the pre fixe route since we were a larger group and were not disappointed, but it was not cheap.  This is a special occasion place given the price.  I would go back though.  The highlight of the dinner for me was the lamb, very tender and really well done.  The food overall was very good with the only disappointment being the desert, which I would not have ordered had we not going the pre fixe route.  is was very bad
One of the best East Indian restaurant in nyc. I came here after I seen it make the Michelin star cut . I wanted to see what the hype was about . Sure indeed it surpassed my expectations. The lamb curry was impeccable. The cocktails were infused with fresh herbs .
Went here for our department hoiday lunch, quite lovely inside and the service was about what you would expect with the resturants in the area. Had the
As a Brit, I know a good curry - and this was a great one! The food really was excellent, but the service was really inattentive and random. We were made to stand in the entrance way for about 15 minutes while our table was 'prepared', only to be sat at the table next to us that had been made up the entire time we had been waiting! The only thing they were really good at was refilling the wine glasses! However, the food really was spectacular. The dishes that really stood out for me was the lamb vindaloo (deep, rich, hot sauce) and the dover sole in a pasanda sauce (delicious subtle flavours that really complimented the delicate fish). So, two stars lost for poor service...
They would not seat us because we had a baby sleeping in a stroller. I get it -- it's Tribeca -- but give me a break! The bar area was empty and the restaurant is loud enough as is!
Easily the best Indian restaurant in New York! Went there for my wife's birthday and the experience far beat our expectations. Good ambience and decor and the staff took special care to make sure we had a pleasant experience, including reseating us when the group next to us got too noisy. The food was excellent and the curries were quite unique in their flavor.
It was the best Indian meal I have eaten, and I've eaten in Indian food in India and in England. The lamb is to die for. It is flavorful, fatty, and oh so tender. They are very generous with their cardamom usage so if you are a fan, you won't be disappointed! I stuffed myself until regret, but now that I'm recovered I'd happily do that again! The coat check and the service was great as well.
Good Indian food, quite place and good customer service. However, it's a bit pricey for its cuisine. Usually Indian food is way cheaper than Tamarind. Their Naan is fresh and tasty. Will definitely go back again when I get the chance.
I was invited by an amazing Indian entrepreneur - saw him after almost 12 years. This is the top Indian restaurant I ever been to; never appreciated paying too much for Indian food - how creative can they get? I was wrong - dead wrong. The food amazing and lot of new twist you never see in traditional Indian places.
Consistently delicious.  Gorgeously decorated.  Efficient service.  Interesting menu.  Beautiful people.  Sexy bar.We've eaten here twice.  Once with my in-laws, once with friends.  Both times, we left asking "why don't we come here more often?"  Very pleasant experience.  Great vegetarian options and lots in the way of wine- my kind of place.
It was a massive disappointment. The service was good, but we didn't enjoy the meal. Not a good value for the money in my view.
Being part Indian I have grown up eating Indian food my whole life.  And I can honestly say I have never had an experience like this before at an Indian restaurant.  High quality 5 start cuisine and service with no buffet in sight.  Towel service with essential oil type quality with a coat check. This is a large place but the ambiance still feels intimate at your table. We ordered the lamb Samosa. Murg Malai Kabab-Chicken marinated in hung yogurt, coriander, cream cheese and caraway seeds, finished in the tandoori. Gosh Kali Mirch lamb-Saag paneer-Wild mushroom truffle naan-Everything was amazing. The quality of food news top notch. I am a pretty big eater and the portions were large enough to have leftovers to bring home. 5 star service and quality of food.
Best indian i had in a while!  Great service and ambient!  This came as a special recommendation, and it lives up to it!  Well done Tamarind!
The food in here was amazing! I had the scallops to start (quite spicy but so good) and then a classic chicken tikka masala which tasted better than most chicken tikka masalas that I've had. They also had a great ginger and yoghurt dip which was so yummy. The other 3 diners also enjoyed their meals. I would go back in a flash.The restaurant was very busy. It was 8.30pm. The service was the only thing that let the restaurant down. The waiter was very good and friendly but he had too many tables so it felt like we had to hassle him for service.
I absolutely love Indian food. Tamarind was definitely the nicest Indian restaurant I've been to. The decor is beautiful and emanates a classy vibe. This is a great spot for a date or nice family dinner. The dishes were perfectly spiced, which brought out the flavors of both the dishes and the accompanying sauces.
Unbelievable food, decor, and service. I'd been wanting to go since it opened and finally went last night. It's like no Indian food I'd ever had, and I've had a lot. Can't wait to return.
Overpriced, mediocre Indian food - at least when it comes to the more traditional dishes. The meal was off to a bad start with our waiter taking close to ten minutes after we were seated to take our drink order. To make matters worse, the complementary papad that was brought out was stale - it was clearly fried hours before and unceremoniously dumped on our table with the usual assortment of chutneys. Unacceptable. Cocktails were decent, if forgettable - hence my inability to recall exactly what my fiancée and I drank. Probably the standout of the night's meal was our appetizer, the chili crab. Succulent chunks of well-spiced lump crab meat were neatly presented in a compressed, bowl shape. For entrees, I ordered the Punjabi Mutton and garlic naan, while my fiancée opted for the Sufiyani Machli. The menu description for the mutton boasts that it is "baby goat" but what I was served was far from that. The fibrous, chewy meat led me to believe that this was an old goat and/or it was way overcooked. As an aside, it's a shame that it's exceedingly difficult to find tender goat meat in the US, which is why I'll probably avoid ordering mutton dishes at restaurants and stick to good 'ol home cooked goat curry.Anyway, back on track...the Sufiyani Machli - sea bass cooked in a tandoor - was significantly better. The fish was very soft and it had a somewhat creamy texture, probably due to marination in yogurt in the style of most tandoori meats. It was not overly spiced as to allow the natural flavor of the fish to shine through.For dessert, we ordered the cardamom creme brûlée. I wasn't amazed, but the cardamom did add an interesting spice profile to balance out the creaminess of the custard.I'm a bit confused to the high ratings. Perhaps I would have fared better if I stuck to the non-traditional dishes, but as an Indian-American who thoroughly enjoys his desi food, when I'm paying this much ($200+ for 2 people with drinks), I simply expect much more.I can't wait to try Indian Accent, as I'm hoping the high expectations that I had before walking into Tamarind will be met there.
Upscale Indian cuisine which offers an amazing Executive Pre-Fixe menu for brunch on weekends.  This gives you a chance to taste several of the menu staples in a smaller portion (still substantial) but at a very reasonable price.The food was as you'd expect, scrumptious and although it is a very classy restaurant, the atmosphere was pretty laid back for lunch. We made it just in time before it closed however the staff was very accommodating and sat us nonetheless.
Fine dining Indian style.  Some of the best food I've had, period.  Outstanding service.
This place came highly recommended by the owner of an Indian restaurant where we eat regularly.  I made a reservation on open table and we were seated as soon as we arrived.  The space was very open and bright. We ordered 3 appetizers, but the cauliflower was amazing.  The scallops and samosas were good too.My son ordered the venison chops which were better than I expected. We also had a chicken, eggplant, mushrooms (too spicy for all of us) rice and bread.  All were good to excellent.
Been here numerous times for lunch.  Always order from the executive lunch menu, which today is $26 for a 3-course meal.  Comes with a choice of 1 appetizer, 2 main course items (small) and a dessert.  Meal also comes with a side veggie to share and fresh/hot nan bread.  Great ambience for conversation and group lunches.  Brought co-workers who were trying for the first time, and they enjoyed it very much!
Excellent on all counts: ambience, cuisine, service - even the bar.  Put Tamarind on your Tribeca short list!
I grew up in north India and have tried several Indian restaurants in NJ/NY area. Haven't liked most. This is the best Indian food overall. Love their chicken biryani. Also, the decor is awesome - not at all like cheap and cheesy Asian places. Good service as well!
Not worth the Michelin 1 Star.  We tried their tasting menu and the food was not good. Mostly burned meat and nan.  And uncooked rice.  Did not even follow the tasting menu schedule. Brought everything at the same time.
We went for NewYork restaurant week lunch and booked our table through opentable. Our server suggested us not to try food from New York restaurant week menu since it did not have many vegetarian options.We had vegetarian thali from alacarte.Paneer methi was goodDaal makhni was too rich and buttery. It was super dry.Chole was okayish. I can make better tasting chole at home. No option for roti so had poori Raita was saltyThe entire thali had all dry sabzi and daal was dry too. They did not have any sweets in vegetarian thali which is a bit odd because thali usually comes with either kheer/gulab jamun or some dry sweet.Food was super bland and our service was slow. They kept us serving water like 6-7 times. Instead, take a path train to NJ and enjoy super delicious food in half the money.
This place was recommended by a friend so I went there while on a work trip to NY recentlyThe ambience and decor are nice and inviting. Our amuse  was a nice croquet of spinach and potato... got my expectations up... unfortunately, it was all downhill from thereGenerally, the food lacked flavor... I get subtlety, but this was more like the chef was scared to bring the flavors out... all the right ingredients were there... none in the right amount (including in some cases, salt!)The tandoor items were all over cooked or under- seasoned, or both... the Kulcha was dry... closer to a papad than a kulcha. The spinach and ginger rice looked like it was scooped out of a cooker and had been sitting there for a while. The saag paneer was hard and crusty... the only saving grace of the main course was a delectable chicken korma...All in all, quality felt more like an average weekend buffet than fine diningIn a place like NY, hardcore Indian foodies AND novices alike can find waaaaaay better Indian food for waaaaay cheaper than Tamarind..
Super busy place yet the food and ambience do not miss the mark. Pricey but you get your money's worth in a great sit-down Indian warfare!
This is a fantastic place for a business lunch or an upscale lunch out. The fixed price menu is a great value- really fresh, seasonal, and flavorful, and just the right amount of food in total to make you feel full but not gross. The atmosphere and staff are also especially lovely. My favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.
Dry, low quality meats, poor bus-person service very rude to my gf. Junoon is way better, pass this place up, also I complained and they told me thanks sir, thats unacceptable; waste of my time and money. Also, the manager promised a refund for this sad experience and waste of purpose, but I never got anything.
This was a special Friday night treat, a much fancier Indian restaurant than I usually go to. We got the veggie samosas, bhagarey baigan (eggplant), dal makhni and two types of naan - garlic and nan-e-tamarind. Everything was fantastic and I'll definitely be back. Also recommend the Ginger & Pepper martini as well as the ginger caipirinha!
**Restaurant Week Winter 2015 review - LUNCH**Took a bit of a break from work and came to Tamarind for a relaxing lunch with a girlfriend.  I've been meaning to try this place out and was glad to have been able to trek it over to Tribeca.The decor here is really nice - modern and fancy (as are the bathrooms!).  There is also a ton of natural light, which I love.The service here was impeccable.  I didn't get our waiter's name, but he was so friendly and actually quite hilarious.  Loved him!  Patrons are served well here, as well as any fine dining establishment.  I did find it interesting that the owner came out and talked to the table of two ladies next to us, but only looked at us and walked away, though we were the only two tables in the entire dining area - what's up with that?For $25, the RW menu gave you a choice of 1 appetizer, TWO choices of entrees* (whoopeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!), and a dessert.  *Note: you don't actually get two massive entrees, but rather two little entrees.Pre-appetizer: a tiny potato samosa with mint chutney!Appetizer: Karara Jhinga - a sauteed shrimp dish with the MOST amazing spicy chili sauce ever.  Probably one of the best shrimp dishes I have ever had in my life, actually.  Definitely get this.Entrees: Tandoori lamb and halibut fish curry.  I loved the lamb - it was cooked to perfection, was still pink inside, and was rubbed with delicious spices.  Love love love.  The fish curry was a little more underwhelming as I felt like the fish hadn't soaked in enough flavor and was lacking in salt and spice.  The entrees came with perfect naan and a side of basmati rice and a small little salad.Dessert: the black forest cake, you can probably pass on.  It's a tiny petit fours-sized piece anyways.  DO get the amazing ginger caramel creme brulee - I could have eaten so much more of that.Overall, an excellent choice of lunch for Restaurant Week.  It does look like they have a usual executive lunch for $25 that serves similar items.
This place is expensive but the food is excellent.  Save it for a special occasion.  You won't regret it.
Nice environment and the food is good, everything you would expect from a higher end Indian place. Decor great. The duck appetizer was nice and the chicken tikka entree was good too. Cons: a little on the pricier side, the pomegranate cocktail was bad. Overall good
Can't go wrong here.  Went here with some friends on a Friday night and had an EXCELLENT time.  First, while I was waiting at the bar for everyone to show up, I asked for a dark and stormy.  The bartender said he didn't have ginger beer, so I was thinking of what else to order - when he decided that he could use ginger ale and crush up some ginger to make the drink - and it was great!  The food and dinner service were impeccable.  Everything on the menu is delicious - oh, and Nathan Lane was seated at the table next to us.  BIRDCAGE.
The food is excellent and the atmosphere is beautiful. Nice looking crowd and our service was impeccable. They do get busy, but if you are with a fun party the time flies by.
It's easy to forget the exceptional dining experiences living in New York City, easy to forget why I chose to make a Yelp account in the first place. In the midst of all my finals stress, I remembered why--thanks to the finger-licking leftovers left from last night's dinner at Tamarind. I review in order to keep a journal of my epicurean adventures, in a city where I'm too broke to afford to eat out on the daily and too busy to maintain my daily sustenance. But on the rare occasion that I get treated to a fine dining experience, boy, do I take advantage of it. I came to Tamarind with a party of seven at 8:30 on a Monday night. The restaurant was fairly empty, and to that I can thank the phenomenal service and attendance from the various waiters. They checked my coat, pulled out my chair for me, and even folded my napkin while I left to the restroom. They gave us the option of eating family style and spooned the dishes on each plates before setting it in the middle of the table.I was told by my waitress that the chef specialized in seafood, so I ordered the lobster masala (hollaaa the most expensive item on the menu!!!). To preface the meal, we each ordered appetizers and drinks, which all came out in a timely manner. My review on them as follows: DRINKS:- Pomegranate Bellini: Great drink to start off your meal with! Solid.- Tamarind Margarita: FAVORITE drink. Very unique flavor--the tamarind almost makes it taste a bit savory, and it has a spicy kick that warms the back of your throat. Good palate cleanser. - Mango Margarita: I wasn't a huge fan of their use of mango pulp, which made taste of vodka come out a little too strong. (the waitress did offer to take it back to the bar to fix)APPETIZERS:- Tofah E Zameen: Yam kabobs with a cocktail-like red sauce, one of their more popular appetizers. Not a huge fan..a pass in my opinion. - Bataki Kosha: Deep fried duck hand rolls with a tangerine chutney. I wasn't a huge fan of the cooking method, I'd rather not eat something so fried and heavy before my meal. Reminded me of an Indian fusion eggroll.SIDES:- Palak Paneer- Bland. Not worth ordering...just look at all the other amazing sides they have to offer!- Channa Masala- Hints of spices and citrus. So many layers of flavor, so delicious if you like chickpeas!- Wild Mushroom and Truffle Oil Naan- I was intrigued by how luxurious this dish sounded; but in truth, I would go with their original Naan bread. This one was speckled in little pieces of mushroom and the truffle oil was very aromatic, but I found it to be much less fluffy than the plain version and the truffle oil was a bit too pungent and took away from the flavors of the actual dishes when eaten together. MAIN DISH:- Lobster Masala: Succulent meat, perfectly cooked and seasoned. SO. GOOD. - Punjabi Tikhe Kabab: Basically, tandoori chicken kabobs. Not a fan, the meat was very dry.
Delicious lamb special and chicken tandoori.  Wonderful cauliflower appetizer.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Excellent service and even better advice from our waiter Juris and great atmosphere at the bar and the table.  Drinks were excellent as well.
Amazing food, excellent service and outstanding bartenders. Thoroughly enjoyed and left very satisfied.
Wow, pleasantly surprised. Mango Cosmo at the bar was out of this world. I don't eat Indian very much, so whenever I go, I pick my dishes randomly, as long as it's not shrimp or lobster. This time I wanted to try vegetarian dishes; everything I ordered was flavorful and delicious. The portions were kind of big, no seriously... I think I rolled out of the restaurant at the end of the night (yeah, it wasn't pretty). The service was excellent; while having drinks at the bar, their manager approached to greet us, I thought that was a nice touch to the whole experience.Next time, I will be visiting their second location in midtown.
On recommendation from a friend (and because it was participating in Restaurant Week), my sister and I decided to visit Tamarind for lunch. For $25, we were each able to try an appetizer, two half-sized entrees, and a dessert. We each ordered different items to try as much of the special Restaurant Week menu as possible. For appetizers, we tried the Koli Anjappar (chicken croquets) and the Chemmen Uttapham (a savory pancake that had peppers and onions). The chicken croquets were moist and perfectly seasoned on their own. The pancakes kind of reminded us of Chinese scallion pancakes. Each paired well with their respective chutneys.For the entrees, we tried Dhaniwal Korma (chicken), Tawa Machli (swordfish), Tandoori Lal Maas (lamb), and Paneer Balchau (cheese). The entrees were also served with rice, naan, and a vegetarian kidney bean and potato side dish. Among the entrees, we liked the chicken and paneer best. The chicken, though a bit on the drier side, was tasty and just the right degree of salty. The paneer's texture reminded me of pan-fried firm tofu. I was a bit surprised at first that the sauce was sweet, but I did enjoy it. While we typically don't like the gamey taste of lamb, this one was well seasoned and actually palatable, though a bit too salty. Ditto for the swordfish. We probably would not have been able to finish full-sized versions of the lamb or swordfish entrees. We both loved the naan. It was freshly made, soft and smelled buttery. For dessert, we tried the Mango and Ginger Kulfi (a frozen dessert) and Payasam (rice pudding). The Kulfi was delicious! It was sweet, rich and gingery. The Payasam was sweet and more simple in flavor. On the service: Except for almost forgetting to bring us the naan, they did have quite detail-oriented service. Between courses, the server changed our plates, and when refilling our water, he covered the side of the cup so that we wouldn't get splashed. Side note about the restrooms, they were individual bathrooms and to our surprise, they actually smelled pleasant, kind of like a warm, creamy coconut. The paper towels they had in the bathroom were also super fancy. TL;DR Flavorful food; detail-oriented service; surprisingly pleasant smelling bathrooms.
Worst restaurant ever... Undercooked vegetarian food with no flavor... Over cooked chicken... When we complained , the management claimed that's how they cook the food... Waste of money... Eat at any other restaurant in the city...
I have to update this review. The food we ordered was terrible! Well, it just lacked flavor. The bread pudding was ok but they serve these spinach patties which taste like baby food! Its still a very sexy place , very nice on the inside. They need a janitor to rotate through the bathrooms though... They were filthy. And you know what they say about a restaurant's kitchen and bathroom right?
I'd like to preface this review by saying that I had no idea this place had a Michelin Star before I actually arrived at the restaurant.  I mention this because my husband, and our friend showed up to eat delicious Indian food (which it was) but in some seriously dingy looking clothing.  Needless to say, I think the staff was horrified that we wanted to eat there and they ended up putting us in a back corner.After the initial shock we gave the staff they seemed to get over themselves and we had a great evening.  We ordered:Hyderabadi ghazala (slow roasted lamb in garam masala) - FANTASTIC, our favorite dish over all.  Savory, juicy, tender - every word I can think of to describe great lamb can be given to this dish.  The sauce was a great compliment and didn't overwhelm the flavor.Murgh bhurani (chicken in yogurt, w/ garlic etc) - Again, great dish, tender chicken, and the sauce was delicious.Nargisi kofta (lotus root cheese dumplings) - I insisted we order these because they sounded so interesting.  They were good but really rich.  (There are 3 dumplings to an order.)Bhagarey baigan (eggplant w/ peanuts) - Really rich and flavorful.  I  always order the eggplant dish no matter where I am, it's guaranteed to be awesome.We of course ordered some garlic naan to go with everything and it was a great compliment.And while we were stuffed like little pigs I of course insisted we have dessert.  If you only go for dessert, you'll be happy.We had a goat cheese creme brulee that was thick and creamy at the same time.  It was like eating a cheesecake made with goat cheese.  We also had (and I'm sorry I can't remember the name) a rice pudding like dish that was made with cottage cheese, and it was truly amazing.  I love rice pudding and cottage cheese so this was a great combo.Yes, it was a pricey meal, but it was really really good.  Save it for a special occassion, and savor every bite.
I was pretty fired up that a michelin starred restaurant had a prix fixe lunch menu at $25.  We each chose four items (and they aren't that small, so we were full by the end), so between two of us we ordered almost the whole lunch menu.  This is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to, easily beating out Rasika in DC.I'd highly recommend the following:Shikampuri Kebab (ground lamb) -- it was amazingAnar Aur Pudine Ke Tikke (marinated chicken) -- the sauce that this chicken came in was absolutely amazing. Kalmino Patio (shrimp app) -- if you like shrimp, you can't really go wrong with thisWhile I thought it was solid, I would not recommend the green plantains marinated with mango for the main.The complimentary appetizer they brought was amazing, and the desserts (flan and sorbet)  were really excellent.  I'm not the biggest fan of flan, but this was the best i've ever had.I'm shocked it wasn't busier for lunch to be honest - it has to be one of the best deals in the city
Certain types of cuisine I am partial to the mom and pop shops to get my authentic fix. Indian is one of those types of cuisine. I decided to go bougie though and give some fancy Indian food a try and boy, was I surprised. Tamarind knows how to elevate Indian food to another level and it was a truly amazing meal.As soon as you walk into the restaurant, the space is beautiful. It is one of those grand Tribeca restaurants and something really special. Service is friendly enough and we started with an amuse bouche of a pumpkin bread that was perfectly crispy with a nice tangy yogurt chili dip. To start we tried out three appetizers, the cauliflower fritter special, the chimbori jalwa (Crabmeat with Madras curry powder, ginger, garlic, green chilies and scallions) and the bataki kosha (Duck with mustard, onion, garlic, ginger and garam masala, hand rolled in a rice crepe with black salt and tangerine chutney). The cauliflower was so flavorful with a sweet and spicy sauce while still retaining the texture and freshness of the vegetable. The duck crepe was fried and also full of flavor. It was perfectly seasoned and not overpowered by the seasonings or fried crepe. Finally the favorite was the crabmeat tower. The crab was super fresh and the herbs and seasonings actually brightened the flavor of the crab rather than make it heavier. It was light yet filling at the same time. For the entrees, we had the lobster masala and the special tandoor chicken dish. The tandoor chicken was so moist and juicy and had a nice tang from the yogurt and seasonings. The lobster masala was a bit heavy but still nice and a good sized portion with big chunks of lobster. We had some plain nan as well as afghani nan (Honey-glazed bread with dry fruits, nuts, raisins and dried milk). The afghani nan was a huge surprise. It was the best nan I have ever had and the honey glaze was perfect on it. I could eat a whole serving of that on my own. I would actually love to have that warm for breakfast with a nice cup of milk tea or coffee. *mouth watering as I think about it*Overall, it was an amazing dining experience and one of the best Indian meals I have ever had. I highly recommend it if you are looking for something a bit fancier than the regular curry row or little India spots. You definitely won't be disappointed!
Tamarind will always be a special place to me for so many reasons. But a recent visit just surpassed all my expectations and solidify my belief that this is about the best dining experience you'll have at an Indian restaurant in New York.Upon entering this  contemporary chic  establishment, you feel immediately welcomed by the always courteous staff opening the doors and greeting you. And even without a  reservation, we were seated immediately on a busy Saturday night. You can always expect the staff at Tamarind to be in close proximity to attend to your needs. On this particular occasion, Mr. Walia (the owner) came over and had a friendly chat with us.  Which was really awesome and made us feel more relaxed.  As  our evening progressed it only got better! I was really wowed by my cauliflower appetizer (which I highly recommend) and my friend's bhel poori which was beautifully presented and equally delicious. It even made a Facebook status post with lots of likes and comments!   In the middle of my dinner, which I must say I was perfectly happy with, I was unexpectedly approached by Mr. Walia who noticed that I wasn't really enjoying my dish- And offered to change it to something else that he thought I would like better.  I was  completely caught off guard by this sentiment.  I mean I didn't  even  realized that I was giving off cues that I  was dissatisfied with my dish!  Anyway, I was very impressed with Mr. Walia's perceptual skills and happier with my second dish. It was  wonderful to know that someone will take such measures to ensure that I was enjoying my food and having a great experience.Needless to say I left a very happy customer that night:)Tamarind is a place that I will always be coming back to-for the exceptional  food and outstanding service in a beautiful setting. You're always guaranteed to have great experience here!  Thank you Mr. Walia- I will be back soon!
The mains are good, but I think the appetizers are their strongest suit. All the appetizers I've tried here are well-made, a great blend of traditional (e.g., Chaat) and fusion (e.g., scallops). The setting is very chic! Good to impress a indian-food-loving date ;-)
I am not Indian so I cannot comment on authenticity but looking at how many Indian people dine here I am guessing that it may please the Indian palate quite nicely.I just know that my palate is always happy here. Most people think spicy when Indian food comes to mind but these guys redefine flavor. You experience flavors and flavor combinations you never knew existed. If you are looking for spice they can adjust the heat to accommodate both fiery tastebuds and mild-peace loving ones.Make sure you listen to the specials and take the advice of your server as he somehow miraculously knows what will make your belly happy.The portions are HUGE, like one entree and an extra side of rice can feed 2-3 easily so it's a great spot to go to and pick at each others plates. The ambiance is calm, clean and crisp. Service is flawless and smooth.A must go to when in Tribeca.
Good upscale restaurant in downtown NYC. We liked the service, a bit pricey but the food was  delicious. Could visit again.
Delicate spices, attentive wait staff, great cocktails... and yes, nice, appealing design and atmosphere.Went with a few people and there was so many great things to taste we shared everything. What was consistent was a modern  and creative take on some classic dishes. highlights were yam kebabs, prawns, fried paneer, savory crepes, murg malova, scallops, etc. Heck even the naan was excellent with those beautiful, slightly burnt air bubbles.A lot of time, this level of innovation comes short with deserts and many times in Indian restaurants they are too heavy, but not so here. Mango cheesecake was a nicely minimalist finish for the palate. one of our deserts however was so frozen couldn't even hack it for a while...All in all a great experience and look forward to going there again.
The lamb shanks are incredible. Never eaten anything like it. The staff were really great and even made me a bespoke lamb rogan josh as it wasnt on the menu. Will certainly be going back!
Tamarind is Indian fine dining in Tribeca. Celebrating all the complexity and diversity of Indian food by employing a team of chefs from various parts of India. The prices are high, but, the food and service is fantastic.
A very nice dining experience with delicious venues. Me and my friend went out for Holiday party and had a great time. The price point is not bad if you are not drinking too much.
We just came back from another awesome Indian dinner.  We arrived at 6 and were seated at a L shaped booth where we had a view of the street.  The restaurant is beautiful, very modern and trendy and the booth seats were very comfortable.We started the meal with the Bataki Kosha (duck-filled crepe) and the Uttapum(lentil and rice pancakes).  Both appetizers were very tasty and flavorful.For dinner, we had the braised lamb shank, stewed goat, spinach rice, cucumber raita, onion nan and the Saag Paneer (creamed spinach dish).The lamb and goat were outstanding....very rich and spicy.  The spinach rice, cucumber raita, onion nan and Saag Paneer were excellent side dishes that complemented the flavors of the meats.For desert, we had the chocolate cake and the coconut mousse.......both were very sweetand delicious.The service was outstanding and the mgr came by our table twice to make sure our meal was excellent.Tamarind like Junoon is another outstanding, Michelin Star, sexy Indian restuarant.
Following my new obsession with Indian food I decided to go try some upscale Indian. I have heard amazing things about Tamarind and the place did not disappoint! The service is exceptional, they really treat you like kings. For appetizers we ordered the fried cauliflower and the crab meat salad. They were both really good, the crab meat salad was really meaty and delicious.For main courses we had the Hyderabadi ghazala (lamb) and my favorite, chicken tikka masala. They were both delicious and the sauces were great to dip the naan in. For dessert we had the goat cheese creme brulee which was really good and unexpected.So why 4 stars? The price. I'm always hesitant about paying so much for food I could get for half the price.
Impeccably seasoned top quality Indian and fantastic drinks with outstanding service and attention to detail.  Many Indian restaurants overpower the food with spice to cover up lower quality proteins and other ingredients, not so here.  The food here is delicately seasoned (do not read as weak flavor) and allows you to savor the food the way it was intended.  The halibut is amazing as was everything we ordered.  Definitely try the thika margarita, I didn't find it overly spicy like another reviewer noted, only so delicious I required 2 (not as impressed with the Tamarind margarita, but still good).
Simply delicious, creative Indian cuisine, gorgeous modern setting and superlative service.  This was our daughter's pick for her 21st birthday family dinner.  The waiter noticed she opened a gift at the table and without prompting brought her the most delicious cheesecake with a candle.  This is a first -class operation.  I would have given Tamarind 5 stars, but for the fact that they charged for the basmati rice.  An expensive, high-class restaurant like this should at least start diners off with one small pot.  I'm quibbling.  Will return for sure.
LOVE this place. It's very high end for an Indian restaurant, but while I can compare the food here to what I've had in India, that's just not fair with cost. Or certainly atmosphere. I really love coming here and the food is wonderful.
What an amazing experience.My significant other chose this spot as I told him about its opening and we were celebrating our new beginnings - new jobs of course.We couldn't find it at first because it's not all out there advertising itself besides the Tamarind logo on the windows that we saw.  We were greeted by a woman who eventually led us to our table in the front.  The place is huge - upstairs and downstairs.  It reminds me of Pranna in Murray Hill, however, it has elegance and character.  The decor is just amazing with their light fixtures and Bollywood music playing in the background.Service: just on point.  The service has gotten so much better and people were formal as can be - when you pay money, you get good service right?  Not all the time, but definitely for sure here.Food: We ordered:- paneer akbari: great, tasty, love the side chutney/sauce they gave us- wild mushroom and truffle oil naan: yes, my mouth dropped.  yum!- mushroom kofta (forgot the name): i liked it a lot, loved the makhani sauce- broccoli and cheese naan: interesting idea, good taste- gobi aloo: good, nothing to rave home about since its cauliflower!- ricotta lemon creme brulee: so tasty with a papaya sauce on the sidePrice: Tamarind isn't your average Indian restaurant.  The prices are in accordance to the ambiance and service.  With that being said, I still cringe a bit when I see something for $16.50 hoping it would be $12.50 but the portions aren't as small as before in my experience at the east side Tamarind.  I think when you come here with a party of 2, expect the bill to be 100 with tax and tip included with one person indulging in alcohol, as I decided to stay out, but with naan and rice and two big entrees, two big for us two - we had leftovers!Totally recommended, loved it, will return.
I've never been to an Indian restaurant this fancy.  Usually indian restaurants are bare bones cheap, but Tamarind has a very sleek, modern feel.We had a group of 4 guys so we ate family style and tried a bunch of stuff.  Everything was good, but some things were really really great.  There was a breaded duck appetizer that was amazing, but it's not on their online menus so I can't remember what it was called.  I would go back just to sit at the bar and this dish.
The more I eat at these upscale indian restaurants in the city the more disappointed I get! The ambience is really nice . The lunch menu prices are pretty nominal but the dishes are pretty regular too. The food is very Americanized not much of flavor or spice but I  guess they cater to a certain crowd. If you really crave good indian food you should head out to Queens!
Went to Tamarind last Friday with friends. I was pleasantly surprised by this beautiful restaurant. I feels like you are in a modern version of a mini Taj Mahal, with beautiful Tribecca soaring ceilings, gorgeous eye pleasing marble tile on the walls and enough space that you can have a human scale conversation with your guests without turning up the decibel level in the entire place. I actually had the good fortune of visiting their second location for a private party about a year ago and found the Tribecca restaurant even nicer that the one in the Flatiron district location. But enough about the environment, the food is outstanding, delicately seasoned, the meat dishes are tender and nicely complement each other on the plate. Service is prompt and attentive and they have a reasonable wine list for all tastes and pockets. Well done Tamarind, I'll be back.
I had a dinner with a couple of friends here and I am not sure what all the hype is about. Most of the food was unremarkable and didn't have the depth of flavor that I was expecting from Indian food.  The server wasn't very attentive either.I think it is a bad sign when you are having Indian food and you are talking about other places that have really juicy chicken!
Best Indian in the city.Great scallops, chat, tandoori mixed grill.Great service....Need to try the new TriBeCa location...
We went to Tamarind this last week while in NY on a food based vacation and were highly impressed.  I had been looking for a restaurant to take our hosts out to and when ABC Kitchen was booked, I found this place. Thank god for ABC being so popular, because this place was fucking delicious. First off, if you go to a Indian restaurant with a Michelin Star, don't order Chicken Tikka Masala like you would at any run of the mill Indian place. 1) it is more English than Indian, and 2) this place has so many unique items not seen on the menus at mom and pop places.  I say this because one of the people at our table ordered it, and although it was great, compared to the overwhelming taste of awesome coming from our other dishes, it seemed like the worst pick of the night. For me, the best dish on our table was the Raan E Dumpukht (Lamb shank braised in Indian rum, onions, cashew nuts, saffron and nutmeg).  The portion size was huge, the flavors were insane, and the meat was fall apart tender.  We also got the Morg Kolahpuri (Chicken with star anise, roasted garam masala, ginger, garlic and onions) and the Tandoori Chicken Special.  Both were fantastic. What made them so much different than the chicken dishes I always eat at Indian restaurants was that the chicken was perfectly cooked and juicy. So often, the flavors are spot on, but the meat is overcooked. Not here. I ordered the only vegetarian dish at the table (which is weird because I am a devout member of the Holy Church of Carnivores) and got the Dal Makhni (Black lentils simmered overnight on a slow fire with onions, garlic and ginger).  It tasted amazing, but was one of the smaller portioned dishes on the menu.  Either way, I was happy with my choice in the end.Our overall experience was magnificent. The ambiance is the nicest you will ever see at an Indian restaurant and the food far and away beat out any Indian food I have ever had.  It may not be totally authentic in it's presentation, it may be expensive, and it may not have the normal white glove service you expect from a Michelin Star restaurant, but it was worth every god damn penny!
I linked the yelp address for Tamarind Tribeca and wrote: "Here's the place. Only for directions. I am hopeful the rating will go up after our reviews". "yes, when I saw it only had two stars, i was worried. but then I remembered who I was going with, and that put my mind at ease."I had the great pleasure of dining yesterday at the recently opened Tamarind Tribeca with Rod and Srini. Tamarind (Gramercy) is my favorite upscale Indian restaurant, and just the place for a toast to the health of an old yelp friend. I have been a fan since 2002 and have taken quiet satisfaction in Tamarind moving up the ratings and in getting thank you notes from friends for the recommendation. What I LOVE about Tamarind is that they retain the inherent Indian soul of the cuisine while providing an elegant, though understated, ambiance and attentive service.As we waited for our food, Srini pointed out amongst the diners a lady with a hat - I noted that she could pass off as one dressed for the races at Ascot. While Srini has had his reservations about the staff in the Gramercy location (the core team is visible at the new location) - I noted that from the maitre d to the staff, smiles were welcoming and effusive (perhaps from recognition of an old, though irregular customer). The inherent charm of India is embracing diversity and making it part of the cultural fabric. Nowhere was it more apparent than in my specialty cocktail (Srini's recommendation) the Ginger & Pepper martini (Absolut Peppar, ginger, lime) that had notes of spice with the refreshing taste of lime. Though Rod found the blood orange cosmopolitan too strong for his liking, I did think the cocktails had something for everyone, evident from the buzz at the stylish bar and cocktail area."Where we take you on a culinary journey across India" is what you read on their website. Truly, India has some magnificent regional cuisines, and Tamarind does really well in executing on Southern, Northern and other regional favorites. This was evident from our appetizers: the Utthapam (lentil and rice pancake - spelled differently), Kachori (flaky patties with lentil and green peas, seasoned with dry mango powder), and the Hyderabadi Nizami Keema (grilled lamb strips and mince - with cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg in a baked nan pao). Our entrees progressively moved up the heat index starting from the Athirachi Kari (lamb simmered in green chillies, onions, coconut, mustard seed, and star anise) to Thikat Kombdi (chicken with ginger and chili paste) to the vegetarian option of Channa masala (garbanzo beans, pomegranate powder, ginger, and tomatoes).This is the one area where I give the most marks to Tamarind in executing flawlessly - they don't dumb down spices in order to attract a more diverse clientele (though they DO guide you on the spice level of a dish). Srini, not fully appreciative of this fact, asked the waiter to make the Channa Masala EXTRA spicy. They delivered. As I noted the dry heat, and warned Rod away from this dish, Srini leaned forward and whispered to me, "Pardon my Mumbaiya speak, but, G%^# ..." I believe hearing the dignified Srini mouth a cuss word is reason enough for giving a place five stars! :DDesserts were exceptionally well executed. Rod enjoyed the white chocolate fennel mousse cake, I the Ras Malai (cottage cheese dumplings with saffron and cardamom) and Srini the traditional Kulfi - which finally extinguished the fire in his mouth.So, Tamarind is truly new and improved with a menu larger and more regionally diverse than that in the Gramercy location, new drinks and desserts, and plusher digs. People may see Tabla and Devi as upscale Indian, but spicing a dish with cloves and cardamom doesn't make a cuisine Indian. Tamarind is not your student days' lunch buffet, but even then our meal for three was 25% cheaper than my meal at Devi last week. And, if Tamarind Tribeca can finally win over Srini - it will certainly delight you!
Very nice place. They have a huge menu and the service is attentive. I am not particulartly fond of decor, esppecially for a brand new place. But if you want quality Indian food in downtown - this is place to go.
By posting a Private Message (PM) from one of his buddies, Atif I. has broken Yelp regulations, who have determined that it falls outside our Private Message Guidelines.As a valued member of our community, we hope you will continue to provide great reviews, while keeping in mind our Private Message Guidelines. See you on Yelp!Now, on with the review!I was deeply honored when Atif and Srini, the Michael and Sonny Corleone of Yelp, invited me to dinner. When they make you an offer, particularly an offer for fine dining, you cannot refuse. They ask you once and they do not ask you again. Just a simple "family" rule. Walking in, I was cheerfully greeted by the manager of Tamarind. At least I think it was the manager, because he was quite well-dressed and went out of his way to greet everyone in his immediate vicinity. Quite the gentleman, I must say. When you first come in, the bar is straight ahead, though at somewhat of an angle. There are two levels for dining, which means there are many tables available. Good thing, because it seemed that every table was booked.  And every customer just oozed "high class," with the exception of this reviewer, of course. Seriously, I doubt anyone else was wearing a hoodie over an Incredible Hulk t-shirt. At the table, you find gold-colored plates with "Tamarind" emblazoned onto it. I noticed that the busboys made sure that each plate was facing the right direction, so each customer could make out the plate. The service was just outstanding. Our waiter really made us, or at least me, feel really relaxed, giving us suggestions about what to order, if the dish was too spicy for me, the yogurt he would bring out to help with the spiciness, etc. OHHH and how could I forget about the hot towels they gave us, before we started the meal and right after finishing our meal. I love that kind of service.For appetizers, we had Uttapam, which is a lentil and rice pancake, filled with mushrooms, eggplant, green chiles and coriander. We also had two other appetizers which I cannot, for the life of me, remember. As for entrees, I had the Thikat Kombdi, which is chicken with ginger, spices and chili paste. That was truly delicious, and not too spicy. I mean, I had ten glasses of water but still. I also had the Athirachi Kari, which is lamb in green chiles, onions, coconut, mustard seeds and star anise. This was only my second time eating lamb, and if all lamb is as soft and juicy and delicious as this one, I will be a convert. My only complaint was my drink, a Bloody Orange Cosmopolitan. The fact that it's a Cosmo should have tipped me off, because I'm a dude and what business do I have ordering a girly drink? But it was way too strong for me, like Schwarzenegger-strong. But who cares, when I am surrounded by great food, great service, great ambiance and most of all great company.This was my second-favorite eating experience this year, bar none. My first? The three double-cheeseburgers and chocolate shake from White Castle.Oops, I guess I'm toast - bye rodney.
Haven't had Indian food for a while, and for my first time here, had a great meal. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, no regrets. The place gets kind of loud, but it seats a lot of tables, so that's no surprise.
Ambiance: 4 (felt a bit over-the-top/overdone)Service: 4 (really attentive staff)Food: 4 (delish - though I wish it would've come out hotter!)Came here for my birthday dinner on 8/17/13... was a really special treat. The vibe is definitely a bit stuffy, but not sure what else to expect from a Michelin rated restaurant in NYC. If you love Indian food and want to have an upscale celebration downtown, this is one of your best bets.
Tamarind Tribeca is a significant improvement over its decade-old prequel in Gramercy.  And has to be in the 'top three' list of any Indian restaurant league table in New York.Firstly, the setting.  This Tamarind takes on the persona of its neighborhood -- lofty, spacious and industrial.  The mezzanine level adds a dimension to the restaurant that grows on you over several visits.  Of note, the crowd is a mix of well-heeled finance and media folks, causing a departure from the feel of typical Indian restaurants.  The restaurant is likely not a good choice for a casual meal.Secondly, the service is several notches above the experience at the Gramercy version.  The maître d' seems gracious and welcoming, and the number of staff on duty seemingly exceeds the number of patrons, except in the busy hours of the evening.  Importantly, the staff seem well-trained.The food is superlative, assuming one sticks to a subset of the extensive menu.  If there is a reason to take away a star from the rating, it is the variability in quality of execution across the menu items, that are drawn from diverse cuisines in India.  Try the bhojpuri samosa appetizer, but skip the uttapum.  The dal makhni is robust.  Try it with the Afghani nan or the laccha parantha.  Wash it down with the ginger and pepper martini, not the cosmopolitan.Tamarind Tribeca is the best choice for good Indian food in a fancy setting in Manhattan, especially if you can sidestep the minefields in the menu.
Went to Tamarind with a group of friends. Place has a really nice atmosphere. Went to the bar to have a couple drinks first. The drinks were nice and strong. My favorite was the cucumber one (I can't recall the name). My favorite part about the bar? The complimentary cashews!!! I think they cook it in curry spices. very tasty with a slight kick. I actually asked if they sold it, but no, they didn't. We were later seated at a booth by the window. Surprisingly, it felt very private even though there was a table next to us. The place was packed but it was not loud at all.The service was spot on. Our waiter kept the water filled and answered our questions about what he recommended. We ordered a lot of dishes to try. The duck roll was good, but nothing mind blowing. same thing with the truffle oil naan. The coconut naan was superb. The seafood was really good too. We ordered prawns and scallops. The sauce on the prawns.... drool***I odered the lamb chops on the menu. It came out looking a bit burned, but it was cooked perfectly. It was moist and juicy. There was also some amazing potato pancake(?) under the lamb. All my friends loved it. For some odd reason 3 of them ordered the chicken marsala... Which tasted like any other marsala at other Indian places. DONT GET IT. We also had dessert. The goat cheese creme brulee had a slight goat cheese smell to it but was not overpowering and not too sweet. Overall a really great place and definitely one of the best Indian places I've been to. Oh wait, I've only been to two. So does that make it one of the worse as well?Pros: CASHEWS AT BAR YUM. Strong drinks, tasty food,  good for groups, awesome decor!Cons: My wallet died.
I have some issues with the overall Tamarind concept (average indian food, service is a bit over the top/snobby, and pretty expensive for what it is), but if you like Tamarind, then the Flatiron location is better. The tribeca location is very spacious and light - perfect for a corporate dinner but not ideal for a date or intimate dinner with friends. I like the dim lighting and lower ceilings in Flatiron - it pairs better with this type of shared plate meal. Also - a note to gluten-free diners - be careful when you order here because many indian dishes contain hing, which is a wheat-based spice. Tell your server and all should be fine - just don't assume that lentils are ok!
Good food. Great ambience. Expensive compared to other Indian restaurants but worth it.
Back in the day I had dined at the former flatiron location a few times and loved it.  I figured I would stop by for dinner at the bar.  I didn't receive good service at all.  When I first entered I asked the hostess if I could eat at the bar.  Normally, a hostess would help you find a seat or direct you to one, but not here.  I was told to go and find a seat.  Once seated, I had to practically beg for water.  Later, had to ask for a refill and when I requested my check, I gave up on asking for more water.  The bartender seemed busy but still....my meal didn't blow me away either.
Pricey it is, but they do deliver. The garlic nan was actually garlicky, and my lamb vindaloo was spicy. I am not averse to paying extra for properly seasoned food, and they don't stiff you on the amount of lamb. I was actually surprised because I expected the place to have tiny portions, to go with the high prices, but I had to take half of my food home.The service was also good--we were never ignored or hovered over.
I agree with most of the other reviews and they sum it up nicely - recently went to Tamarind for my first Indian food in a restaurant experience and definitely would like to go back.  Gorgeous setting, great bar area with range of wine and cocktail options, attentive service, good food.We sat upstairs with a group of five and they were able to accommodate some very large groups as well - probably at least 15.   This is a place you could visit for any number of occasions from a work outing or date.I loved almost everything we ordered (I don't eat spicy food but my friends love it) and all the food was served family style.  If you have a big appetite it will be a costly dinner as the portions are medium sized.Some standouts were the crab and prawn appetizers.I would have increased my rating if we hadn't had some issues with ordered dishes not arriving and a billing confusion at end (all was resolved promptly), but a place I recommend and look forward to visiting again soon.
I loved this place! Went for a friend's wedding engagement celebration and waited at the bar. Had a few Glen Fiddich on the rocks. Price was reasonable. Dinner time- wanted to keep it simple, so ordered the Goat Biryani and a Mango Lassi and oh my goodness! Delicious! There was intense flavor in every bite. By the way, I am Indian/Bangladeshi...so I know my biryani. This one just blew me away. So that's that!
My rating might be a little harsh, because the fact is that the food is quite good. But having that established we can move on to all the other aspects of what a restaurant experience is, because after all, it's not just about how the food tastes. We were quite a large party, and the service was lackluster at best. They had four people running around our table, but only one person willing to do anything. I ordered a vodka tonic (which was very weak by the way) and it was $12. Now for their specialty cocktails, I will accept $12. But for vodka and tonic water... not so much. Then our main dishes came, but without rice. At a cheap Indian place you get all-you-can eat rice. But at Tamarind, where the dishes are twice as expensive, you have to pay $5.50 for rice. That wouldn't have been horrible, but the rice was old and cold. As I mentioned before, the food was quite tasty, though as an overall experience this place is not worth the money. I'd prefer one of those kitchy Indian joints on First Ave over this place any day.
this rating is for the executive lunch I had today. i love the ambiance and service of this place but the food i felt should have been a whole lot better. the shrimp app was prob the only thing decent. they gave u 3, but one was missing a tail and smaller than the other. i picked the lamb and fish as my entree choices. the lamb had this weird mush like texture, didn't like it at all. the fish was a salmon, was just a tiny bit overcooked. the veg curry had some hard uncooked potato and the flavor was very unexciting and lacked depth. the nan was nice. ended the meal with a strawberry kulfi, waiter described it was like ice cream but it was way too "icy" for me so they def used more water than dairy in making it. overall, for $25 for all that food its an "ok" deal for an upscale restaurant. but honestly the executive lunch leaves much to be desired. maybe i just picked the wrong proteins. =( but next time I'd prob go to a nice indian buffet.
Have been frequenting the Tamarind Flat Iron location for years when in NYC on business.  Decided to try the Tribeca location this trip. Food was excellent as usual and staff is great. I give the Flat Iron location 5 stars just because to me it is a better atmosphere for dinner.  The Tribeca location packs alot of tables into the space. We had a table for 2 that felt more like a table for 6 with the 2 couples next to us.  It was really loud in there too.
Second time dining there, and once again it did not disappoint!   Even ate goat, and loved it!  Will return next time I'm in the area.
Disappointing, unfortunately. I wanted to like this. The proprietor and waiter were so gracious. Other service staff, including the greeter, were not professional. The space was vast, cold and impersonal. And the food was hit or miss, mostly miss, starting with the mint-cilantro chutney. The fish curry was meh -- I've had better in the East Village, at one-third of the price. We did like the bhindi do piaza, and the rice pudding was fantastic. One expects something really fantastic, what with the grandiosity of the space and the chic location. But grandiosity does not make for fine food.
Very nice place that offers high level service. Very beautiful scenery. The lamb is very good here. Deff try it. The drinks are not expensive compared that they are in manhattan - great place for first dates and birthdays! I recommend making an appointment and reserving a booth instead of a table. A+
Tamarind is simply the best! food is great and the service is spectacular. Love that the manager/owner walks around and introduces himself to each table. Really makes it a warm and inviting time.
Full disclosure- I'm indian AND I live in Iselin, NJ where there's literally no shortage of great indian food. However, for my mom's birthday we decided to go to the cloisters (!) and grab dinner in the city and I'd long heard great things about Tamarind.1. Service- the hands down best service of any indian restaurant i've been to in America! the waitstaff was prompt, knowledgeable and friendly.2. Food- delicious and flavorful and the presentation was pretty! I'm vegetarian so we didn't try any of the meat items but the tandoori paneer as well as the hare bhara kabob appetizers really stand out. 3. Decor/Ambiance- Classy, upscale, and tastefully done.4. Price- on the higher end of Indian food but given the quantity, quality and service of the restaurant--totally worth it but probably for a special occasionDefinitely worth a trip for a special occasion and if you enjoy indian food :)
New York has few Indian restaurants and so this one does appear to be reasonable quality wise. However, you soon get the distinct impression you are on a rapid conveyor belt of efficient process. The food is basic and fine but where is the inventiveness and creativity that should define this place?Try Tamarind in London for a mind blowing and very special experience. Tamarind New York is about the same price, but playing safe and so is just not very special.
Start with beers that thrill the taste,  like Taj Mahal in a big bottle for three to share. Then to the starters and a special like cauliflower in a brilliant rich and spicy red sauce, spinach and paneer with sticks of mango to enlarge your food universe. Enjoy too many main  dishes, such as tandoori lamb chops, tandoori prawns and tandoori sea bass. One of the best meals of all time, with friendly and attentive service in a beautiful room. Ask for more,  and he will say the chef will gladly do overtime.
I tried the $25, 3 course lunch. Not as unique as I was expecting but the food was tasty nevertheless. After reading so many amazing reviews of this place, I was longing to experience a modern twist on classical Indian cuisine; I came away full but not speechless.venue: BEAUTIFUL! The decor was tastefully done and the lunch scene is casual but chic. Was not too busy for a weekday lunch and was very quiet.service: very good. My glass was never empty. Food came quickly without long pauses between courses. Before and after the meal I was presented with a hot wet towel to clean my hands..it was a nice touch, but a little over the top...I guess it was a western take on the "finger bowl". food: very tasty, very indian, there is room for innovation. The chef prepared dishes from the north and south of India and he prepared them well. Again, I was looking for something more unique. Not too many vegetarian options on the lunch menu. However the selection for non-vegetarian entree's did exceed my expectation. I ordered the halibut and lamb and was very happy with the portion. Best Indian preparation of lamb I have ever had. Definitely a very good value for money if you're eating meat (but only offered paneer and karela for non-veg). presentation of food: a little bit sloppy but the service and ambience made up for it. OVERALL: had a good meal and a nice time. It was worth the $25, I would go back again. A memorable time.
What can you say about a place that is modern chic and beautifully designed, with a friendly professional staff, great Indian food spiced perfectly and with a wine list that very well constructed and reasonably priced. The staff also took joy in dealing with the wine It has been years since I last went to Tamarind in the Flatiron (now closed) . While very good there, Tribeca tops it in all aspects.
I went into Tamarind Tribeca expecting not to like this place based on a few of the reviews (the ones in particular that mentioned it serves Americanized Indian food, which to me spells bland). However, I was bowled over and lulled into a state of content by the impeccable service and the beautiful space. The food was also quite good as more subtle flavors actually helped me enjoy the complexity of the dishes. When there's too much going on, as is the case with a lot of Indian food, I don't know what I'm eating (and I say this as an Indian who actually cooks a lot of Indian food at home)!Space (4.5 stars): This location is far more spacious and airy than the Tamarind in Flatiron. There were inevitably older people and folks in suits. But I felt the spot would actually work for a group or a date as there are lovely warm booths where you could slip in with your honey and forget that anyone else is around you. Also, this spot does a great job with keeping the feeling of openness and space while also having warmth from the champagne colored decor and the lighting. Service (5 stars): From the moment you get your hot towels to the end of the meal, you feel well taken care of - the servers were impeccable. My husband - let's call him W - pointed out that the waiters served us food from the right but cleared the plates from the left. I loved the level of detail and thought. When service is too overwhelming, it is usually due to the waitstaff hovering over you and trying to get you to order that pricier bottle of vino; however, at Tamarind, we did not feel pressured but instead just enjoyed all the thoughtfulness.Food (3.5 stars): We felt the food was great but understood that we were in effect influenced by the atmosphere in our enjoyment of the evening - including the food. We actually ordered 2 apps (bataki kosha or duck rollls and bhel puri), 2 entrees (soya kofta and Hyderabadi lamb), the mint paratha, lemon rice and shared a pistachio kulfi for dessert - so we managed to have leftovers. When I tasted the food in my apartment the next day, I wasn't as bowled over. Granted that it was left-over but still.Our favorite was the bhel puri, which took me back to India in its bright flavors. However, it also had cleanliness in its flavors that you don't always get from road side stalls serving it in India. The kulfi was also wonderful - not as gummy as the stuff I get at cheaper Indian spots but still full of what I call the tastes of heaven - pistachio, saffron, cardamom, cream, etc.The duck rolls were decent as per W but the entrees were just average. My soya kofta was a healthier option compared to regular kofta, which is basically deep fried rolls of mashed potatoes and other fillings smothered in a creamy sauce. The soya version included soya nuggets in a spicy tomato broth. Tasty enough but not great. My husband's lamb was good but he's had better versions of lamb.We also had the ginger pepper martini and mango mojito. Both were strong but too sweet for my taste. I haven't found anything that compares to the cocktails at Apotheke to be honest but that's just a personal preference. Many people like sugary libations, which is all good.We would happily go back any time to Tamarind and slowly make our way through their menu. In summary, you go for the full experience and not just for the food.
I just went to Tamarind for restaurant week for lunch and let me tell you it is an amazing deal.  I normally cringe when friends try to make restaurant week plans because it is always disappointing, but not here.Amazing upscale versions of Indian classics that manage to be modern yet true to their roots.  The flavors were pretty amazing, probably the best Indian food I have ever had.  Sorry mom! Would definitely go back.
I love Tamarind's lunch prix fix - for $25 you get an appetizer, entree (you get two proteins!), and dessert.  Delicious and beautiful space.  I hate their rule though of not allowing kids under a certain age (I think it's 6 or 8) - c'mon.
This was an overall just fine experience, nothing more and nothing less. The dining room is pretty, and the service is friendly and knowledgeable, although notably slow. The food was not anything special, and for the price, it's a total ripoff. Entree prices average $30, and I've had much more delicious Indian food delivered by a guy on a bike. The chicken tikka masala was dry, and the shrimp in coconut sauce had almost no flavor. Having said all this, again, the atmosphere was great! But for $150 for a meal for two, the food was disappointing. I wouldn't return for the food, but the bar and space is sexy for a glass of wine. All the wine is $14-$15 / a glass, so delicious, but pricey. I don't get the Michelin Star. I wouldn't put it in that category at all.
I really hate doing this, Tamarind is a favorite special occasion restaurant for us and my youngest daughter loves it, last year she chose this for her 12th birthday family dinner and we sat next to Jake Gyllenhal ( who he? And is that how you spell the prince of persia's name?).  This year she chose to celebrate turning a teenager here, we've got loads of hormonal intrigue yet to enjoy.  The waiter didn't have a clue what he was doing - I lived in Asia for 12 years, my wife's family has Indian roots, and we have travelled extensively in India. But when we asked for clarification on some dishes he read the menu to us......interesting that one would expect to explain to a waiter that I learned to read 50 years ago. He told us we got 3 pieces of tikka per portion and 2 kebabs, yet these were main courses and we got substantially more....after over an hour's wait.  And the proffered mango lassi was, subject to reminder, somewhat later in arriving.  Thus the various oversized starters, late as they were, and after a polite reminder, were cold and dry.  Absolutely disgusting. When they asked whether we liked it I explained that the food was dry and awful.  In fairness I had lot's of people milling around and lots of friendly, albeit unwanted, claps on the back, and we even got a free second helping of sheik kebab.....whilst much better, ie hot and tasty, my daughter's 13th birthday had been ruined.  we decided not to order mains and left.  In fairness we were only charged for wine ( her siblings are 23 and 21) and the lassi!!!!!!!! But they waived the charge for the awful food.Sad, we have been here a lot (relatively) but it was awful and this was the 3rd visit for my daughter's birthday.  And they ruined it - she will never get that family moment back and for that I shall never forgive them.  We went home and played cluedo - or clue as it is known here - and I strongly recommend you all do the sameI won't bother with this restaurant again, really, really disappointing
Is it a little pricier than common Indian food? Yeah. Its supposed to be, as its a gourmet take on it. One of my wife and I's favorite restaurants.  Recommend the Venison Chop, you barely even need a knife its so tender.
Way overpriced for what you are served. The food lacked flavor, especially the murgh methi  lentil soup. The only thing that made the meal pleasant was the service with the moist towel before and after eating. I will not be back. I can get cheaper, more flavorful food elsewhere and won't have to pay extra to have rice. Really, $6 for rice? Most places add it as part of the entree.
I came here after a recommendation from an Indian friend, my expectations were really high... The ambience is perfect, elegant and peaceful, the service on point, attentive and discreet. But the food..... What can I say? It wasn't bad but it lacked some spice, some flavor, some... Oomph! I wouldn't go back here for Indian food cravings, my small, neighborhood joint is so much better. Also, if you are allergic to cilantro (me and my whole party were) there's unfortunately not much choice on the menu.
I love Indian cuisine. Definitely my favorite...and I love Tribeca. So the merging of the two was serendipity. Tamarind is an immaculate establishment. Quiet and elegant. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The manager usually walks around and greets patrons..and the food is delicious!! Went here a few times for full dinner and appetizers. They do a great job of wine pairing options as well!
It's 4.5*We really liked the food here, the setting is nice if you want to have Indian food in a rather de luxe atmosphere. The plates were always nicely presented and tea is served old butler style in silver pots and the milk comes in a cute tiny silver jug.But back to the food:We had the TAMARIND SCALLOPS and the GALOUTI KABAB (grilled lamb tikkis with 36 aromatic Indian spices) for starter and thereafter CHEMMEN KALWAN (5 Jumbo prawns with spicy red chili, garlic, coriander, cumin and black peppercorns) and HYDERABADI GHAZALA (Slow-roasted lamb in yogurt, mint, black cardamom, bay leaf and garam masala). On the side we chose garlic NAAN and LACCHA PARANTHA plus Basmati rice.Yes, we ordered enough! The meat lover went twice for the lamb and the seafood lover once for the scallops, once the prawns. Everything was really delicious and very flavourful. The PRAWNS were of high quality. You could have just pan-seared them with butter and they would have been outstanding. (But that would be too boring for a chef and no Indian food.) The sauce with the prawns was very good. It reminded me a bit of curries Tamil people cook. It was even a bit spicy that's why I had the impression they keep the food original.The SCALLOPS as well were cooked to perfection and of high quality. Nothing makes me more sad than a chef that kills the seafood a 2nd time (meaning in his pan and overcook it. This usually requires a minute of silence and 2 tiny tears). So big happiness here: tender and juicy scallops and the spices around it were delicious. I got even more exited about the two different types of sauce: they were put on the plate like a street to taste buds paradise. And what was that? There was fried toast..! I do not really eat things I suspect of being rather decoration or filler (put on the plate to fill you because the product is too expensive). However, everything was so convincingly tasty that I tried it and immediately apologized in my mind: it was so good! It was covered with so many spices and I can't believe that I am writing so much about a fried piece of bread - but that piece of bread deserves some tribute ;)The GALOUTI KABAB (lamb) was very flavourful, too. There were 2 patties and the spices were very well balanced. I would recommend this dish for people who want to eat Indian but not plunge into a spice bazaar - and yet it is far from boring. I recommend that dish. Again the consistency was perfect.The HYDERABADI was very very good and I would order that - don't think twice, order it. That's it. Very easy. Order it. :)Both garlic NAAN and LACCHA (flat bread) were really good and we could not decide which one we liked better.The rice was so good I wanted to ask them what brand it was, but I forgot to ask.We ordered a lot (2 starters, 2 entrees, 2 types of bread on the side and basmati rice) however my gut told me that even tough my stomach was at the verge of exploding I had to try dessert. And - thank you gut- it was a good advice. The goat cheese creme brûle was outstanding and I really loved the creamy yet granulous consistency, yummm! 1 creme brûle is enough to share if you had a complete dinner before. We had chai and Assam tea with it, both were good.I will definitely go back and yes, you might be full but you must have dessert here!(If you explode please don't sue me)  :)
Great decor and service but very very ordinary food, I do not see traces/fragments of a Michelin star.
This is for vegetarian folks only! Being a Indian, I must say that I had high hopes based on the decor of this restaurant and the service that we were receiving as soon as we walked into the restaurant. No doubt that this was top notch. Come to the food! It was honestly the worst Indian food I have had in Manhattan. The saag was tasteless, felt like it was full of cream, so was the daal makhani! biryani was also so so. If you have previously been to a place where it was all hyped, trust me, this place is a big +1 to that list of restaurants. This place had really good reviews before we went it and I thought to give this a try based on that, but I guess for vegetarians, this is a place to avoid. Note; Naan, and onions were good, but who cares about that when the main dishes are completely without taste. very sad, especially for the premium you pay here.
Hands down this is the most elegant Indian restaurants I have ever set foot in. The romantic ambiance and impeccable service is amazing! If you ever get a chance to be in the Tribeca area near Manhattan, take a venture into this place. You will not be disappointed!
When you carry 1 Michelin Star, you need to take that honor seriously - and to be frank I didn't feel it at all last night.The food is lovely, not amazing, but lovely. The room is beautiful. Yet the kicker was I didn't feel in the slightest welcomed. Yes you opened the door on my arrival, you tried to crack a smile when I checked in, but the table service was cold and deeply disinterested. Lots of staff running around, but water wasn't filled, my drink sat empty for most of the meal, no explanation of the menus offered - at all - honestly there is better service at Red Lobster or Balduchi's.The Michelin inspectors really need to take a closer look, because the whole package is certainly lacking here.
This is without a doubt one of the best Indian restaurants in the world.  I was hooked on Indian food in London, but nothing there comes close, and the place well deserves the Michelin star it won this past week.The special cauliflower appetizer was the highlight: I don't even love cauliflower, but this dish was very special.  Every dish was creative, inventive, and far from what you'd expect from an Indian restaurant.  This is the Per Se of the Indian restaurant world.The service was impeccable, too. The staff seemed to anticipate our every need, and with the really nice decor, this place is firing on all cylinders. One of NYC's finest.
"Take it easy"  And so I did: 3.5 starsI was having a really nice dinner with some friends. Why to keep bothering with my request for spicy food  if it was not welcome. I wasn't really that important, however, I don't think our server's attitude and response was right. When I returned a dish supposedly medium spicy that didn't have any heat at all, I got the dish back (just medium spicy in my opinion) and the following comment from our server: "take it easy"... just to summarize. In the two occasions I had the pleasure to eat Tamarind's food at TriBeCa I was really not thrilled by the service. Don't get me wrong. It is absolutely correct but it didn't went beyond that for me. Except for the manager who grabbed my hand last year to escort me downstairs because of an injured leg. Chapeau! to him . An extra star. And no, I am not expecting that all the time, obviously. But just something in between. Leaving the incident on a side, I have to say Tamarind's food is incredibly good. Besides the ethnicity it belongs to, Tamarind is a true exhibition of tasty ingredients cooked to perfection. Add to this that it seems to be pretty authentic and voila. Warranted and worth success. On my recent visit I clearly remember a couple of things that got me right away. First, the chicken. Extremely tasty,  juicy and tender. Second, the lamb, even when using meat form a quite grown animal, it was tender and flavorful as well. It is also worth to mention that sauces and spices add of course a burst of flavor and fragrances but I am talking about tasty meat by itself. Perfectly seasoned and flavorful, besides the spices that add no other than the ethnicity flavor. I loved it, all of them. For appetizers I have try a few. I can't recall all of them but I clearly remember I like them all. Let me tell you about one, the one I can't forget: Tofah e Zameen consisting in Yam kabobs with paneer, potatoes and mace and cardamon spices. Just remember, texture and cardamon, and spice that may be too strong for certain palates but if you like it you will enjoy this dish very much. It is absolutely delicious. Besides the spices I also loved the texture of the yam kebabs. Somehow I thought about tamales, just for you to have an idea. Finally, the spicy dish on question that I requested was Shahi paneer. Paneer is like cottage cheese and Shahi paneer is a way to cook it in a thick gravy of tomatoes, cream and spices. The flavors were bold just as Tamarind knows but I was caught on the paneer texture, firm yet smooth, and by the fact that you can taste the milky flavor behind the spices. Lovely dish. Better when I got it spicy. It was wonderful because the heat contrasted with the mild tomato and milky flavor predominant on the dish given by the paneer and the creamy gravy. I really liked the contradiction. More spicy maybe wouldn't have been this enjoyable... but I will not know. Regardless, that is not the point anyways. The seating is trendy and elegant and to me will fit many different situations, from business meals, to friends together, to dates to family celebrations. It is spacious and so you will feel quite intimate. Of course I am planning to return. It would be my lost to miss Tamarind's food over something that has an easy remedy. Next time I request my dish to be spicy I will just tell them to relax, I really can tell by myself what I can tolerate or not. And come on, it is just spicy food . Take it easy
A lot of people don't get the upscale Indian food concept (ridiculous- upscale and cheap exists in every cuisine), and I think this has a lot to do with the fact that Indian food is so packed with spices and flavor that it is super exciting to the palate no matter what. Tamarind (though not as good as it once was) still provides great refined Indian food. The samosas were not out of the ordinary and neither was the mango chutney, but the crunchy raita was delicious. the naan was exactly what naan is supposed to be, crispy on the edges but doughy and pulling apart in the center. Service was excellent, the waiter answered all of our questions. The halibut was fantastic, flaking apart just right. Dessert was meh (rice pudding was bland, pistachio kulfi not pistachio-y enough). Vegetarian dishes were very good, and I hear the meat's even better
Very nice ambience and very tasty food. I personally rate it less than Devi but still the food is great. You would love it if you love Indian food.
Tried their lunch menu. Loved it every single thing was excellent. Service was very professionalThey even have some Sancerre ! Not common in Indian restaurant. Love the zen decor too !!!!
Rating: 4.5Excellent Indian food in a nice/trendy atmosphere. The first thing, the wine, was excellent, so congrats to a great sommelier. All the food was wonderful. The only thing was the service was good, but not amazing. Overall, however, a great experience!
What an overpriced pretentious dump!!! I would never have paid for this had someone not treated me. Every thing here was extravagantly overpriced: Basmati Rice for $6, are you serious??? I went here with 4 other people, each persons curry entree was bland and tasteless even after we told our server to "spice it up". From the apetizers to the dessert everything was bland and tasteless. There were only 2 things I liked about this place: 1The space, and with food this bad who cares how cool the decor is right? 2. The water guys/ busboys were all from Mexico and we spoke Spanish and talked trash about the place. I will never set foot in this place again. This is not Indian food, this is TRIBECA at it's most prententious.
The space is very nice BUT the food is NOT TASTY! The appetizer to main dish to drinks etc... everything tasted pretty bad.
I really liked this place ,no complains,  the food was quite different from other Indian style cuisine i have ever tried,i ordered the lobster which  is a dish i would never ask for in  an Indian restaurant,i'm not even sure if i've seen lobster before on an Indian menu...But it was delicious the taste of the lobster combined  with the creamy,rich,thick sauce was amazing,a new experience!!!But i must say that i prefer traditional Indian cuisine.The place and the service really good too!!!I recommend this place to try a different way of Indian food.
Tamarind is an upscale Indian restaurant.    I was a bit nervous about suggesting to friends that we go to this place because I wasn't sure what to expect.   However... after our dining experience at Tamarind everyone was pleased that we had dinner there.  Since, this is a fine dining establishment the prices are higher and the meal portions are smaller.   BUT.... the experience, food, and ambiance are all worth it!   As soon as you walk in the restaurant, you definitely get an upscale vibe.  It doesn't look like a typical Indian restaurant.   The restaurant has high ceilings, large windows, and a great décor.   I got the Chicken Tika Masala...  The sauce for the Chicken Tika Masala was a bit thicker than what I'm use to eating.   However, it was very fresh, flavorful and hearty.   Two other friends got the Chemmen Kalwan which are the spicy prawns.   My other friends are vegan...  I really can't remember what they ordered.   What I do recall is that, like the rest of us, they cleaned their plates.    I'm leftovers girl.   So, it was a bit disappointing that I did not have any food to take home because I enjoyed the meal immensely.   Service can definitely make or break a restaurant.  The service at Tamarind is superb.   Our wait staff was extremely attentive and prompt.   Everyone's food arrived at the same time.  And, it was hot.   While waiting for other folks, we hung out at the bar.    The bar area faces the windows.    So, it has very bright and airy feel.    The cost of cocktails were typical for a NYC restaurant.   Everyone ordered cocktails and they were perfect.So, if you feel like doing something a little different when it comes to Indian dining, I suggest you pay Tamarind a visit.
I came here a week ago with a gf for lunch. I absolutely had a delicious lunch. The service was great and the mango lassi was yummy too. I need to come back here next time again for dinner with my friends.
Expertly crafted modem Indian cuisine. As long as money is no object, this is the desi place to go in NYC. Not quite the tamarind in Mayfair, London but will hold its own against any upscale Indian eatery in the US
I wanted to write Tamarind off: a fancypants Indian restaurant? Am I just paying for atmosphere? The place IS pretty. But, it won me over with its food. It's a good restaurant for a business dinner; I saw a lot of those on a Wednesday night. And it's perfect for a date where you're looking for something more adventurous than bland seafood.Bataki kosha. Duck at an Indian restaurant? I hesitated ordering this, but the description sounded too good to pass up. And it lived up to it. Excellent flavor. Good for 2 to share. Zameen doz: The Dover sole cooked perfectly, the rub delicious, the sauce spicy and flavorful. Really, really good.Shahi paneer: I love me some paneer. I ate it every day for lunch, in varying forms, on my last trip to India. This was ok - nothing beyond what you'd find at any curry shop.Gulab jamun: good but horribly overpriced.
Everything was excellent. Be sure to try the cucumber gimlet, the cauliflower appetizer, and any chicken dish. Definitely worthy of its Michelin star.
Have been to Tamrind Tribeca recently for dinner along with my husband for my birthday. The place is interesting and the staff is very nice and friendly. It is a high end Indian restaurant with silver cutlery, plates, etc., and very well maintained tables and good services by waiters.Rating 3 stars due to the food quality. Went there with really high expectations for food! The chefs definitely have great potential to improve. Also, they have very less options in vegetarian section. The drink monsoon which was custumized was too sweet. Bhel poori was of decent quality and I left most part of my main course, veg thali as the taste was odd of all curries except saag paneer. Also, my hubby who ordered lamb curry couldn't finish it and he said he tasted better lamb curries in NYC. It felt they used good quality veggies, paneer and other ingredient but then the ones who make, seem to have no patience & interest as the taste is no where near Indian! And, really hope they were not trying Americanize Indian food. At the end, however, we ordered herbal chai and passion fruit cheese cake which were the only good stuff for the day of all that we ordered and the only ones we were really happy ordering. Just hope they get better chefs to cook!
We've been to Tamarind a few times, and have absolutely loved the food there. Both my wife and I like kebabs from the tandoor and have tried a few types there (the masaledar lamb chops are the best). The quality of the kebabs rivals the ones in India that we loved back home -- I don't think I can say this about any other Indian restaurant in the US.
Went to lunch at Tamarind and nothing really stood out. Had regular naan and garlic naan to start, both of which were just okay and kinda disappointing. Had a duck roll that was very tasty and probably the highlight of my experience. Had chicken in saffron cashew sauce as the main. It was okay but was lacking something for me. I did not love the rice either. I don't plan on revisiting.
This was my second experience with them after visiting mid town restaurant.. Classy Indian setup ( was bit noisy that day coz' of large party upstairs).Good service, Manager came to us personally.bit costly (which was expected)Now food:tamarind margarita : very good (4.5/5). Sets the moodMurg malai kabab : Good (3.5/5) Aloo tikki: OK (2.5/5) Bhindi Masala : Good (4/5)Daal makhni : Good (4/5)Overall experience was good.
The beautiful, light interior with soft creams and off-whites makes you feel like you're stepping into a lavish bridal shop. Alas, this is a restaurant - and a really good Indian place at that.The host showed us to an intimate room in the back with small 2-person tables. Throughout the evening, the service was quick and attentive to our needs. However, the sommelier seemed a bit aloof and didn't understand that, yes, we only wanted one wine bottle for the whole meal.As expected, the lights dimmed every half hour. By the time it was 9PM, there was basically only candlelight and a dim light from the backlights.Now on to the food:Appetizer: You must try the Murg Malova - amazing mildly spicy chicken marinated in apple cider vinegar. Kind of sweet and sour. The portion is enough for two people.Entrees: *Ask your waiter to bring out extra green chilies and onions if you want it spicy... because the two entrees I had and sampled definitely needed some kick.The chicken in the Pastooni Murgh is OUT OF THIS WORLD. By far, one of the best grilled chicken I've ever had in my life. The sauce is interesting, yet a little bland. However, you can definitely taste the pistachios and saffron.The gravy on the Pudine Aur Hare Pyaz Ke Tikke was a little TOO sweet. The green sauce is creamy and went very well with the warm naan. This entree was drastically smaller portion-wise compared to the Pastooni Murgh.Only con to the whole evening was the lack of spice and heat on the entrees.
Being a fan of the other Tamarind, I was happy to come to a dinner hosted at this location.  The bar is stunning, and the decor is gorgeous.This time we got to try different Samosas, the peeky toe crab, and the lamb with this buttery bread concoction.  For a main dish I ordered the Lobster Massala while George had the yogurt marinated lamb chops.  As expected the food was delicious, and I got to try the dessert, of which the passionfruit cheesecake was my favorite.  Overall, I loved this location as well.  I still dream of the Halibut to be honest, and will be back to one location or the other simply for that dish.
Excellent lunch experience. Great $25 lunch option that includes appetizer, two small entrees, desert, rice, and naan.The food was excellent and service was fantastic.
The food was absolutely superb. Without a doubt the best Indian food I've ever had. The staff was excellent and accommodated our party of 16 extraordinarily well. Without a doubt I would recommend this to anyone looking for any type Indian food from mild too hard it was all well prepared an extraordinarily tastyOne small complaint. They seem to have trouble keeping the temperature at a reasonable level. The restaurant was totally full and the temperature it's too warm for my taste. However the food and atmosphere a splendid service more than made up for it a grand experience
Upscale Indian cuisine and you won't be disappointed. The food is amazing! So worth the price. The service is excellent. Been there plenty of times and I recommend it to everybody.
Perfect blend of spices!! Great service. A tad expensive for small servings, but , delicious.
Service was phenomenal. We had a party of 16 and we were treated like kings and queens with over 7 waiters waiting on us. Try the coconut martini it is one of the best in the city. The food although a little spicy was tasty and very good.
Strange to give 5 stars to the Gramercy Park location and just 3 stars to the Tribeca location...but I did it!  It's hard to pinpoint, everything was quite good but somehow the magic just wasn't there.  By all means the setting was brilliant and the service was gracious.  But at this price point it really has to stand out because I could eat at a half dozen other quality Indian restaurants (see my reviews) for 50% of the cost and enjoy them just as much.  Don't misunderstand what I'm saying - this was quite good.  The quality / value was where my computations have gone haywire, Batman.
Enjoyed Tamarind for the first time with my husband last night for our 2nd anniversary and first night out in a while without our baby.We couldn't have been happier here! The food was excellent! The service was really lovely! Every person was so nice! The ambiance was great! Portions were HUGE! Also, great wine selection!I loved most of the dishes. My one main, the Malai Halibut, was a bit disappointing. It came recommended on the menu, but I really love Indian food for the spices and, unfortunately, I found it a bit bland. But it was big enough for me to bring half of it home and enjoy it with lunch today, so obviously it wasnt THAT bad or I wouldn't be enjoying it a second day.Highly recommended if you enjoy Indian food like us! Try the chili crab appetizer, the purri bread and my husband's lamb curry dish was out of sight! Oh, and the flour less chocolate cake was delightful as well! There were a few dishes that were a little less than hot, but not cold, and again, nothing so drastic I would take away a star! Manager even came over to say hi to us, which was very pleasant.It is expensive, but worth it for a special night out, especially if you love Indian!God bless and enjoy!
Fireworks!!!!Top notch service and even better food. I was wowed from the moment I entered with my date. Impeccable service. The SUFLIANI MACHLI is a home run !!! It is the tastiest presentation of sea bass I have ever been served. The roti breads spectacular and having a birds eye view of the kitchen was really neat. My girlfriend ordered a shrimp dish that was made to perfection. I spent over 100 dollars on food and would have spent more but I was beyond stuffed the portions are very nice for the price point. The service 100% attentive in every way.The drinks were really really good !!!!This place is really a treat, dress up take your lady on a date for great Indian fare.!!!
Modern and airy decor - unlike the typical Indian restaurant.Very accommodating wait staff (e.g., very attentive service, waiter gave great recommendations on the menu, and multiple servers dedicated to our table...even serving the food onto our plate!)Really enjoyed the off the beaten track menu - particularly the duck appetizer and the seabass tandoori entree. The wine menu was great as well! Will definitely be back - the type of place that you want to come back to for a special night
Spectacular Indian food. Take your assumptions about what a high-quality Indian restaurant would be, multiply it by your expectations of the hip ambiance of TriBeCa, and you won't be disappointed.We were in NYC from out of town, having dinner with two friends for a birthday. The service was prompt, courteous, and knowledgable, the wine list and drink selection impressive, and the ambiance was spectacular.And the food: The meats were as tender as could be; I had the lamb vindaloo and it came apart juicily with a fork. Take the spice-level warnings to heart, though: I love spicy food, but the vindaloo here got to be too much by the end of the dish -- which isn't to say I enjoyed it any less.Everybody around the table raved about the food. Combined with a wonderful, long conversation with friends in a great setting, we couldn't have asked for a better night.
Our server Vinay made this a 5star. This is the second time here at tamarind but this time was for lunch. I had the restaurant week lunch menu and added 2 extra dishes on the a la carte menu. Coming in to tamarind I already knew the food was great. Overall tamarind is a must go place. The service and food is impeccable.
I can't remember the last time I gave a restaurant 5 stars. So this is definitely an anomaly for me.We came here 2 weeks ago for a friend's birthday. It was just the 4 of us and we were seated right away. The table we initially sat at was right near the kitchen and it was shaky. We asked for a booth and they promptly seated us at this enormous booth from which we can see the entire restaurant.The scene is classy, which is a lot to say for Indian restaurants. Most times they overdo it and it ends up looking tacky. This is not the case with Tamarind, where everything feels very elegant and luxurious.The food was spectacular. Their meal portions are fairly large. Everything is served family style which is the way I like eating my Indian food. We did get different types of naan, and they were all really good. I remember getting the Dahi Aloo Poori for an appetizer, this was also excellent. We are all vegetarian and pretty much cleaned up on that whole vegetarian side of the menu. The sauces were decadent and the paneer was cooked to perfection. The nargisi kofta was probably my favorite, although everything was really good.I really have no complaints about this place. I can not wait to come back.  Next time I definitely want to try the wild mushroom and truffle oil naan along with a couple of other things.
So many ethnic restaurants work within a very narrow range of what they think is expected of them, minimizing the variation from place to place, even though the prices can go way up or down. What I want from a fancy ethnic place like this is to find food that you can clearly identify as working within the palate of that country's food, but has truly come up with something unique (and delicious). That's exactly what we got at Tamarind. Plus they had the best naan I've ever eaten. I would love to come back.
After living in London for several years, I have very specific expectations for Indian food, and have been severely disappointed by all the Indian restaurants I have tried in NYC...  until now. Tamarind was delicious!  It's not exactly 100% authentic, but everything was so good!  We had the Bataki Kosha (a duck roll) and Nizami Keema (lamb) to start - neither were exactly like anything I've ever had at an Indian restaurant before, but both incorporated traditional Indian spices and cooking methods and they were both fantastic (and I don't usually like lamb!).I got the Murgh Badami for my main - it was similar to a Chicken Korma and I can't wait to have it again (dislaimer, I don't like really spicy food, so this is one of the "blander" Indian dishes - not hot at all - but it was still very flavorful)!  Chuck had the Chicken Tikka Masala - it was just what you would expect. Yummy.Drinks and service were also great - it was a wonderful meal all around.
I used to hate Indian food as a child. I think it was the appearance of it, or maybe the spiciness, but I wrote it off at a very young age. However, my friend Hannah and I one winter decided to head over to the southwest coast of India, and make our way around the country by train, and I pretty much had to start in on the fare. So obviously, I have no problem with budget Indian restaurants - I certainly ate at some suspect places in certain areas of Rajasthan, but it is always refreshing when I come across an upscale place like Tamarind. It reminds me, in terms of the environment, very much of my favorite Indian place back home in D.C. - The Bombay Club (which anyone from the District will tell you is just awesome). My buddy and I both ordered the dahi aloo pooriI as an appetizer - a delicious concoction of wheat crisp, potato, and chick peas in yogurt and tamarind sauce. I have had this before, but never as good as the Tamarind rendition. Next, I got the Korma platter, which involved large chunks of the reddish chicken on a platter of Indian rice and veggies, and it was perfect. Korma is a little bit harder to get 'right' than other standbys of Indian cuisine (i.e. Tikka Masala) because it lacks the bath of delicious sauce to save it should the flavor be a bit...off. However, this Korma was exceptional, and I made sure the waiter told the chef so, because I can now appreciate a (near) authentic piece of that delicious stuff in New York. We were going to order dessert, I do love some Indian sweets, but on top of the generous portions and the three mango lassis (each) we drank, I decided to pass. I then returned to work, full-up and contended.
A really enjoyable room but the service and food were absolutely nothing better than my local Indian place.  Heavily sauced entrees that lacked clarity of flavors really were the chief disappointment, we hoped for some special spices and flavors but just gunky and bland, heavy handed sauces.  The servers did what you expect, but had little flair or finesse, and only cursory knowledge to describe the food with no ability to describe any of the many wines by the glass. In fact, I found the wine program the most interesting part of the menu, with an interesting selection of wines by the glass and bottle.Even if the prices were on par with my local place, I still would not return as the preparations are not worth a return.
Lovely restaurant. Attentive service. Great variety on the menu. Food was ample, flavoursome and delicious. All in all, definitely good value for money.Would I recommend it? Yes, definitely.Would I go back? Yes, absolutely.
service - 5; atmosphere - 5; food - 2The service and atmosphere at Tamarind Tribeca were so fantastic that it wasn't until after the meal that I realized that the food was rather hit-or-miss (to be fair, we were having a great conversation with old friends and the food was not first on out minds). My halibut special was oddly constructed - the fish was perfectly cooked but paired with an unpleasant lentil/spinach cake and an unsatisfying salad with strawberries, apples, sauteed mushrooms and bitter greens. Just didn't quite work. The other dishes around the table also seemed to be close-but-no-cigar. At these prices, the food needs to keep up with the service and ambiance. I might go back again and split an entree to see if other dishes are better. But I won't rush back.
I love Indian food, but there are few Indian restaurants that are nice and luxurious and have good food. Tamarind has the ambiance that I like and delicious food. Recently went on a date here. The space is huge and it was fairly empty. We started with some delicious specialty cocktails. The rosemary lillet martini was a highlight for me. We decided to share a couple things and started with the bataki kosha and the jimbori jalwa. The bataki kosha was basically this delicious fried duck egg roll type thing which we loved. The crabcake was also pretty yummy. We then moved on to onion naan which you need like 3 orders of because I love dipping it in my sauce as I'm eating my chicken and chicken tikka masala (which was one of the top ones I've had recently). We also had saag paneer, because I love spinach which was pretty solid. Definitely a nice Indian resto to go on a date on, it almost makes me forget Tabla is no longer open.
Food is phenomenal here . I like curry spl . Shrimp caldin  and naan . All food  reminds me india great taste. Will come again
I am Indian, and this is easily the best Indian restaurant I've visited, period. Usually, Indian restaurants with great food lack in decor. Those with modern decor have watered down flavors. Not this place - great food, great ambiance. No wonder it earned a Michelin star.I was around lower Manhattan and was craving spicy food, mostly after having been abroad for a while and eating rather bland local fare. I found out Tamarind was not too far and was opening soon at noon, so I headed over. I naively made an OpenTable reservation, but I was the 2nd person in the restaurant, the first party there just 10 seconds before myself.I got the prix fixe lunch, priced at $24 +tax , with Tamarind Chicken appetizer, Paneer Shimla Mirch/Murgh Patiala entrees, and Alphonso Mango Cheesecake dessert. Indian restaurants are usually higher priced than other cuisines, so I was surprised at this price for such a quality restaurant. The chicken in both the appetizer and entrees were very tender and spiced incredibly well. The portion for the entrees were more than enough and dessert was delicious. I was pretty stuffed afterward.Decor is great, a mix between modern and classy. There are several booths where you could have a larger party, though I imagine I'd also use this place for a date if it were dinner.The waitstaff was very attentive, almost too attentive, since I was one of maybe only 2 or 3 tables during my lunch. Still, that's always a plus.
I love this place, I might not have checked-in many times but I come here pretty often. Their cocktail menu is very good but the Lychee Daiquiri stands out for me (they are my crack). The food is extremely authentic, my favorite has to be the pashtooni chicken. I have never had any complaints with any dishes that I have eaten here. The staff is extremely knowledgeable about the entire menu and will take time to go over the dishes in detail. Service at the TriBeca location is amazing, and also I love teh decor of the restaurant with the high ceilings. I will have to say the food is a tad bit on the pricier side, but for the service and the quality of food it is well worth it.
Beautiful new restaurant. The service, quality of the food puts it hands above 90% of the Indian restaurants I've sampled and I've sampled many. Having the owner stop by the table to ask if everything was alright topped off the evening. Don't hesitate, just go!
Upscale Indian in a modern setting befitting its Tribeca location.  Contemporary, spare decor in a spacious, high-ceiling space with a nice mezzanine dining area overlooking the rest of the restaurant.  The volume of space is emphasized because seating areas are scattered apart and can feel isolated.  Its beautiful but cold, and not too comfortable.  Service was attentive but not as polished as would be expected in a place like this, a bit too eager if anything.Squint and the menu might look similar to an Indian restaurant without bells and whistles, but what looks to be classic dishes are often given a twist.  Frankly, it seems ambitious but also highly appealing.  The appetizers we had this meal were the highlights.  First, light, crisp skin on samosas stuffed with a tasty potato filling.  The menu listed pomegranate and potato filling but although curious, I couldn't tell that the former added anything to it.  Pan-seared scallops were plump, perfectly cooked, smooth but with some texture and lightly seared, paired with crackers and a savory sauce. The entrees were less memorable.  A special shrimp dish in a tomato cream sauce was decent but from flavor to texture, nothing exceptional.  The slow roasted lamb (ghazala) was also good but lamb not quite tender enough, flavor not quite interesting enough.  Garlic nan was pretty good, fluffy with crisp edges, gloriously rich garlic smell; only negative was a bit excess oil.  The lemon rice ordered to accompany our entrees was well-prepared enough with a hint of tart.  We ended with a white chocolate-Darjeeling ganache that had a bit of mousse filling, accompanied by pineapple butter cake; the ganache didn't leave any impression but I liked the fluffy butter cake on super thin slices of sweet pineapple.  Cocktails were strong, decent; tried a blood orange cosmo and a grapefruit mojito.I was more impressed with the menu than I was with the actual items, although most everything was at least decent and sometimes quite good.  Still, I'm not sure I can justify returning for food that's only ok at these prices and in a dining space that doesn't appeal to me.
This is probably the best Indian food you will ever eat. It's also probably the most expensive you will ever eat. It's a terrific experience and I consider it probably the best Indian place in NYC that I know of.
I had the malai murg app as my entree and I am still craving it 4 days later! It was melt in your mouth chicken as I've never had before! Also, I am not a cauliflower person...don't really care for it.  So when our waiter said they had a special cauliflower app, I wasn't inclined to try it.  Others in our party were intrigued so we ordered it...yeah, I converted! It was so flavorful and well cooked that I went back for seconds! I highly recommend this place...a bit pricey, but sooo worth it!
Look, I love Indian food. I love that terrible feeling that one gets a few minutes after finishing eating- that "oh shit, I'm Batista and that Tikka Masala is Fidel and my stomach is Cuba '59" feeling. You think you're going to avoid that feeling by eating at this swanky Indian restaurant? Think again. It's inevitable. It's like that Beatles quote: "and, in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make". You will enjoy the food just as much as you will suffer afterwards. But what's a little gastrointestinal crisis when you have such wonderful flavors to indulge in? The swank element is in full force at Tamarind. These people want you to fall back in a curry-powered stupor and go "whoa". I have been to my fair share of Indian restaurants, and none of them looked like this. Call it "Nouvelle Cuisine Indian", or "New Indian". It's all white, glass, cool looking people, cocktails and small dinner parties of attractive dudes and dudettes. The noise level was surprisingly acceptable- but we were seated in a booth close to the kitchen and I have the feeling that the wood panels in the booth did some serious insulating.  To the food. There were four of us. I ordered the Bataki Kosha as an appetizer- a duck, ginger and masala rice crepe with a side of tangerine chutney. Delicious. The duck was moist and flavorful, the crepe fried to crispy perfection. My friends had the Tamarin Scallops, which I did not try but which were met with satisfied growls and wide-eyed grins of culinary approval. Next, we had our main courses. These were rather serious portions, and no plate was completely finished. But this was not a judgment on the food. Which was really quite wonderful. I ordered the Kozhi Varuval- chicken in curry leaves, coconut milk, fennel and garam masala. The chicken was one of the most tender and flavorful I have ever eaten. The sauce was delicate and subtle. Definitely not your "all you can eat" buffet-style Indian creamfest. My friends had the Kaikaire Estu, a vegetarian dish with eggplant, pumpkin and okra; the Tikka Masala; and the Zameen Doz (Dover sole.) All excellent. The Dover sole, it must be said, was drowned in a sea of curry sauce and definitely not my idea of a "light meal". So if you are into light meals, don't go Dover. Then again, what are you doing at an Indian restaurant looking for a light meal?? We had some excellent red wine to go with our meal, two different types of naan- one with mint and the other with rosemary- rice and yoghurt. Overall, fantastic. I am not going with five stars because unfortunately they kept us waiting fifteen minutes in the entrance while they prepared our table- and kept telling us it would only be a few minutes. Our guests were a few minutes late (no more than five) and it seems that we were being penalized for it.Twelve hours later, the Cuban revolution is still raging... but, in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make. And there's always Pepto Bismol.
Best Inian cuisine outside of India or London.A loud dining room filled with a great vibe.Superb staff.
Very good. Nice, quiet place. Excellent service. I was a little lost by the menu, so that when they brought the good and said the Indian name for it, I had no idea whose was whose. My appetizer said "lamb," but the waitress told me it was fish (I'm still confused why anyone would say one thing and mean something else entirely, but whatever). Excellent food.
Arguably the finest Indian restaurant in the US.  Beautiful decor, terrific food and decent service set a standard for other Indian restaurants to emulate.  The only slightly negative comment would be the passion of the wait staff. While the service was good (think Cheesecake Factory), food this exceptional deserves a passionate presentation.  To be fair our waiter bubbled over with pride when I chatted with him about the place as we walked out the door. If only he was so excited when I asked for a dinner suggestion...
This is one of my favorite restaurants!  The food is amazing and great portion size for sharing.  Best High quality Indian food. Definitely try it.  Elegant space and amazing food!
It was a very nice & pleasant experience.For the RW menu, they give you enough food so you won't be hungry later.  There were a few surprises, e.g. amuse bouche, warm towel.Flavor wise, it's slightly watered down.  That being said, the service was more than enough to make up for it.Definitely a keeper.
Beautiful space, excellent Indian food. Ever-so-slightly overbearing service, hence the 4/5.
I really liked Tamarind the first time I went (about a year ago) because I appreciate how my fellow brown people were able to successfully execute a high-end Indian dining experience in NYC.  However, on my second visit about a year later, I was a tad disappointed.  The service was still excellent (if not a little excessive - but that's how us Indians roll)... but one of our two main dishes was completely underwhelming.  We ordered the Hyderabadi lamb, which was delicious, and the Sindhi Karhi (vegetable stew).  The latter was bland and relatively flavorless - which was a complete disappointment, given that Indians usually do cauliflower and sambar so well!  NYC has way too many good (Indian) restaurants to settle for a lackluster meal.
Tamarind is a fancy modern Indian restaurant in Tribeca. I am not a fan of most Indian food, but I really enjoy the food here. It's definitely Indian food but it's done in a more modern and higher end way than most Indian restaurants.Their decor is modern with high ceilings and the crowd is attractive.
There are a couple of things I look for in a nice restaurant -- 1) Service 2) Ambiance 3) Cuisine 1) The service is EXCELLENT! As soon as I walked in the hostess greeted me and was ready to seat me. The bar area was packed, so I would like to go back and hang out there next time. They have coat check for every guest and attended helped me put on my coat when I was ready to leave. The bathrooms are one-sies but very nice and made me wish I had a set up like that at my place. Just kidding, but its very nice :)2) You can meet friends there, take your clients out, have small family gatherings, or have a romantic night out. A good spot for any event.3) The cuisine is a good mix of fusion, classic, and new age dishes. I went for a classic - Baigan. Nice and spicy. Even I needed a side of raita :) The mushroom and truffle oil naan is something great to try. My date was not digging it as much...He ordered the special of the day - chicken with basil, jalapenos, and some other stuff that I was not sure of! :P He absolutely loved it and picked out a great wine for both of us.Best Dish of the Night - Yam kabobs. Presentation is not very kabob like, but very good.
Came here during restaurant week.  Of which I'm starting to grow suspicious of, as I'm never blown away, but I suppose that's a side issue.Between two people we had a different item for each course, so 6 courses.  I remember liking a few and being disinterested in two.  There was a lot of zeal put into presentation which was nice but I remember getting some items and they didn't really match my perception from the menu's description.  One dish had a seed element in it that was like eating a root bulb which I found really distracting from the dish.  Nothing was particularly spicy if that's a big issue for you.Standouts were a lychee ice cream and chicken skewers. The portions were quite substantial too.  And they have a surprisingly good wine list if your wallet feels up to the challenge.Another thing, which seems particularly present at Indian restaurants, are the servers who seem to lurk around you waiting to throw in the napkin on the dish and scoop it away.  I like the vast openness of Tamarind and the cream white everywhere but especially during the day when the place is not crowded it feels awkwardly empty and the preying servers just re-enforce that.  I realize this is a high-end restaurant and they're trying to do a professional job but the place to me needed to be a bit more at ease.If the purpose of Restaurant Week is to be good enough to have you return again it didn't really work entirely for me.  I would be intrigued enough to try the Flatiron Tamarind sometime to compare though.
Nice ambience but an average restaurant in terms of food quality and taste. Overhyped ..you would find much better options than this..AVOID !
The cocktails are well made.. The food is more than decent.. Overall a pleasant experience
It's nice to walk into such fancy upscale Indian restaurants where all patrons are treated equally. Loved the waiting staff, food and the ambience.In spite of closing time the staff did not rush us. Made us feel very comfortable and at home.For starters the Tamarind Mohito was good but I couldn't taste the tamarind.Try their Lasoni Gobhi for appetizers. The beets and Ricotta Tikka were sub par.For the main course do not miss their Dal Makhani and Palak Paneer. Even though these are very common dishes in every Indian restaurant this place serves it the best.Vegans/Vegetarians should stay away from their Naan as they add egg in it. They don't have to put egg in Naan to make it well. The Tandoori Roti is good but becomes hard if not served immediately. For an Indian restaurant their Cappuccino was excellent! Additionally, the Gulab Jamun was quite good. The best part were the hot towelettes served before and after a meal. Which was again a very nice gesture.
Great food - really delicious, especially the Garlic Naans (one of the best I've ever tasted), but waaay too pricey. Given their lavish decor and huge space in TriBeCa, I can see why they are priced this way, but charging $5 for a bowl of plain rice sounds totally insane to me.I wouldn't come back again unless prices were shaved by 50%, but if you fancy indian food, and you're an investment banker with a hot date, why not? ;)
The duck appetizer (Bataki Kosha) was yummy, but the Lobster Masala entree absolutely stole the show. Creamy, sweet, delicious. Coconut milk has rarely been used so wisely in a dish. The rice pudding dessert was nice, too. Definitely one of the best Indian meals I've had in NYC.Downsides: the service was pretty slow and the noise level high. Regardless, I'll be back.
I went here for restaurant week lunch. It was nothing special compared to Junoon and Spice Market.
Very good food, great service, and lovely venue; the lunch menu is an incredible value.
I really wanted to like this place a lot. I really did. And they do an amazing job at a lot of things: the service was AMAZING, the ambiance and the space is STUNNING... but one key ingredient was lacking: the food! This was the most bland, watered down Indian food that I have ever had. The flavor and the spice just was not there, and it was not intelligently substituted with anything else. It just came out as fairly bland and well below expectations.Worth a go, as long as your expectations are right. If you're looking for authentic Indian food - not the place.
Delicious Indian food. Well worth the price. Loved the Ras Malai here which comes in a chocolate bowl.
If you want fine-dining, Indian style, then this is the place to go. The restaurant is beautiful and the service is very attentive.The food here was excellent.  They take great care in the ingredients and flavors of the dishes.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, trendy and elegant. Although, I cannot recollect the names of the dishes, I can summary what I do remember that were fabulous:Shrimp curry appetizer, chicken tikka masala, lamb shank, truffle naan, basmati rice with goat....DELICIOUS!!!  I walked out very satisfied.  Their wine list was great as well...order a couple of bottles and enjoy the ambiance :)
Me and m husband went to this restaurant for our wedding anniversary. I found it too overrated. The food was average/below average but the service was good. We ordered palak paneer, which was the most tasteless i ever had. The naan was just ok. I had much better breads in other indian restaurants in NYC. We ordered one more entree-nargis kofta..It was good but nothing to go crazy about. the portion size too were very small,perhaps the smallest in all the indian restaurants in nyc.after spending 120$, we were not happy with the whole experience.I had to go there again for an office event. They are really trying hard to remove all possible flavors from the food they serve. The waiter was really off and forgot to take my drink orders after taking orders from the rest. We had to call him back. I had the most tasteless Indian food i ever ate in NYC . They served us Indian appetizer samosa and didn't serve any sauce (Indian chutney) . Had to specially ask the waiter. Chicken tikka was so stiff , palak paneer was completely bland. Service was worst
I came here last Friday for a birthday dinner. Although I am rating this 4 stars, really I'm rounding up from 3.5 stars. The food here was fairly good. I came with a large group so we shared in appetizers and entrees. For appetizers, we had the kashmiri tikki (beetroot patties), tafah e zameen (yam kebabs), chimbori jalwa (crab), kolambi pola (prawns), and bhojpuri samosa. For entrees, we had the sufiani machli (sea bass), raan e dumpukht (lamb shank), pastooni murgh (chicken in Kashmiri sauce), nargisi kofta (cheese dumplings) and bhagarey baigan (Japanese eggplant). We also had the spinach and garlic rice, the Afghan nan, and the truffle nan. The prevailing opinion was our meat and seafood dishes were underseasoned while our vegetarian dishes were well seasoned. I am Indian so maybe that colored my view, but some of the food needed more spice. I will say this -- despite the underseasoning, we did enjoy the meat and seafood dishes, to an extent, due to the soft texture. The meat came apart easily - it appears the cook must have marinated the lamb, chicken, and sea bass for days. If I were to return, however, I will be sure to request these dishes to be a bit spicier. After all, it is Indian food. The one notable exception to the above was the prawn appetizer, which had a sauce I really wish I could have licked off the plate. I highly recommend this dish. The nans and rice were also very good. The drinks were okay - my old fashioned was a bit watered down. My sister was unimpressed with the lychee daiquiri but my friend really enjoyed the ginger and pepper martini. The service was mostly nice (We had an awkward moment because we were eating family style. The waiter served us all our entrees, one person at a time. It took a while.), and the ambience is lovely (very spacious and modern). I'd recommend it but with the above stated reservations.
Food - Below average. Service - OK. Manager / Sommelier - Sucks.We had booked on my brother's wedding night. We were a party of seven including a pregnant lady. We failed to mention that but I suppose they should have some common sense when they see her to seat her at ground level and near the rest rooms. Instead they gave us a table on the first floor near the service entrance.The food we ordered were all below average. Nowhere close to the quality you will expect in a highly acclaimed restaurant. I seriously doubt if reviewers who rate the food high are Indians or knowledgable on Indian food. The Kulfi ice cream had lot of ice crystals, the ocra fry very sticky and cold, the naans charred on one side and half baked at some places. The service was ok. But when we ordered a bottle of wine and it tasted very sour, we had to discuss it for a long time with the waiter and then later the manager or sommelier who came and started advising one of us, who is experienced with wines, instead of just changing the bottle. This guy also later tried to make up unprofessionally for it by saying he tasted it and indeed it was sour, we were right and he would have done more had he been told it was a wedding party - which we clearly mentioned when we reserved. We pointed it out and he seemed to joke, we should have asked for him and said that. Seemed very artificial, actually the statement very stupid to me and gave us a bad feeling.
I didn't go expecting memories of eating in India to be evoked but I went expecting some good food based on indian cuisine and thats exactly what I got.We had the tofah e zameen as a starter and I'd have to say this is the best appetizer I've had in the city. It was just a wonderful mix of yam, paneer, potatoes and red chili. For the entrees we had the hyderbadi lamd and kozhi  varuval. Both were excellent.They only lost 0.5 of a point because the desserts (kulfi and gajrela) were so-so but the overall feel of the place and experience made it easy to gloss over that fact.
NB:  My dad LOOOOOOVED the sea bass, and, according to my mom, their entire social circle has heard about "the best sea bass I ever had" at "this place in New York."  That means, if you're in your fifties and like to fish and take the freebie bus to Indian reservation casinos, you've probably heard this already.
Upscale Indian restaurant, very classy decor and an army of waiting staff.This isn't what I would call standard Indian food, there are a few of the usual suspects such as Chicken Tikka Masala but most of it is off the beaten track in terms of dishes. We skipped the starters and went straight for the main courses, we chose the Tandoori Lamb Kebab and the Star Anise Chicken dish. I'm quite picky when it comes to Indian food but both dishes were very good. We also ordered some basmati rice and a naan bread, again both were good.For dessert we choose the goat cheese brulee and the rice pudding. The brulee was very tasty. When my rice pudding arrived I thought the waiter was joking, the portion size was tiny. I also didn't like the cardamom taste but horses for courses.All in all, one of the better indian dining experiences in New York thus far. Recommended.
Wonderful food. Very nice decor. Extremely nice waiters. A place to go for sure with your family, friends, or partner.
Delicious.  Not inexpensive, but very flavorful.  Really enjoyed the food and experience.
Environment is just OK but I need to say their food is tasty!
On my quest to go to every Michelin-starred restaurant in NYC, this was the one I dreaded going to besides that Danny Brown one all the way out in Queens. I already went to the one in Gramercy/Flatiron area that has since closed and I was not impressed with that one. However, this Tribeca location felt different and the food here was delicious. The restaurant is huge and did not have many patrons around lunch/brunch time on the weekend. I was in the Lotus Room which was beautifully enclosed within the larger restaurant. The scallops were good as an appetizer, but my friend's curry shrimp was to die for. For the main course, I had the chicken tikka masala with naan that was quite good. The fish curry that my friend ordered was also quite delicious with the naan and rice. The cheese dumplings dessert were good but quite filling. The fruity frozen sorbet-like dessert was also good. Overall, the curries were very good. I would skip the dessert part here.
I've struggled since living here to find a good Indian restaurant.  Being a Brit and spoilt for choice of good Indian cuisine, the taste here in the US up until last night has not hit the spot.  Tamarind hit that spot, great flavours and nice and spicy.  Lovely ambiance with great attentive service.  Yes it is more expensive, but it's worth the extra cost as for me it ticks all the boxes, great food, great decor, great service.
Nothing special.  Disappointing because we had high expectations. In short, flavor was missing from just about everything.  Not bad, just kind of bland.  When you consider that the prices are premium, it just doesn't add up.  Great look to restaurant, but the food doesn't deliver.  Service was just okay. We had to ask our waiter to speak slowly because he was otherwise impossible to understand.  We won't return and certainly won't recommend Tamarind to friends.  Indeed, I rarely write reviews but felt compelled to give lovers of Indian food a heads-up that this restaurant is ordinary.
Service very slow and spotty - customer is not the focus.   Food just not as good as the flatiron venue.  The Kulfi dessert - taken out of the restaurant deep freeze - had ice crystals instead of a creamy texture.Sadly this restaurant belongs on Curry Hill.
Shhhh...don't tell anyone....Tamarind is officially THE best hidden gem lunch spot in Tribeca.  Shoot, maybe in all of downtown Manhattan!Went for lunch.  Made a rezo because, well, that's what people do.  Walked in and noticed two things:  First, the place is absolutely huge (I heard the figure 11,000 square feet?), with two floors of seating, dramatic modern wood paneling throughout and large light fixtures hung from the two story high ceiling.  Its not beautiful, but very clean and fresh feeling.  Made me wonder if they had West Elm designers create the interior concept.Second, it was empty.  Deserted.  As in, we were one of THREE parties in the entire place.  At noon-thirty.  On a weekday.  Huh!?  So, thats why I came to the conclusion that no one knows about the newest Tamarind for lunch, or at least they don't care.  If the latter, my fellow downtown corporate types are missing OUT.The Executive Lunch special offers four prix fixe options named for different regions.  All four are in the $24 to $28 range, and include soup or salad (we both had salad) and dessert.  A pretty amazing deal for the quality and ambience.Obviously the service was quick and attentive (how could they not be with the place so empty?).  Rice was delivered separately and spooned onto the plate by the server.  A nice touch on presentation, as I'm all about making the meal interactive, like an adventure.  Naan was also brought to the table and was fresh and warm.I ordered the Lucknow.  My meal consisted of zafrani lamb chop, nawabi murgh (chicken patties smothered in a spicy duo of sauces), and kalongi baigan (fried eggplant).  The lamb chop was delicious, not game-y and nicely prepared.  The chicken was super spicy--pass on that if you are at all sensitive to spice; I felt it coming out of my pores later in the day.For dessert, we went with opposite choices.  I ordered the bread pudding but was so full I barely touched it.  It was warm, that's about all I remember.I would certainly come again, especially with clients or other business lunch.  The restaurant is impressive and the food is good, and because its empty--at least for now--its actually easy to hear your lunch companion speak.  All that for less than $30?  Maybe I want to keep this to myself after all...
I was a bit surprised when opentable could not get a table at 6:30. I knew it was Friday and all but living up the street from this new place, we decided to stop by around 7. To find the place empty. WTF. It did pick up around 8 though.We walked in right when it started to drizzle. We were led to a two top on the upper level that was claustrophobically positioned against the wall with no view of the lower level area. No thank you. We decided to eat at the bar instead. Apps:  Uttapum (lentil + rice pancake = great), Chimbori Jalwa (crab meat with Madras curry, etc - awesome), Murg Malai Kabab (yogurt marinated chicken - delicious).Mains: Chemmen Halwan (jumbo prawns that unfortunately were small and quite bland) Shahi Paneer (well, paneer... - it was OK), wild mushroom and truffle oil Nan (pretty good).We skipped dessert and left. The place looks really nice. Immediately upon walking in, my first thought was, uh oh - we have a 66 situation (which I miss early days of dearly). I hope Tamarind Tribeca sticks around - the bar is nice to grab a drink at but I might stick to having Indian food delivered from Salaam Bombay on a Sunday night while watching my CBS line up. I am not a fan of places that have dozens of staff members hovering over your area like helicopters. I hate having my drink pulled away from me when I had TWO more sips left! I enjoy my last two sips! Okay?I agree with roderick, as I felt slightly underdressed in a purple hoodie over a t-shirt, jeans and pink sneakers as most people seemed to have thought they were going on a Titanic - black, gold, pearls and all. I missed having music in this place as well as some personality from the staff. You're way downtown now... we're quite relaxed here. Fit in.
One of the most flavorful and delicious indian meals I've had.  I'd highly highly recommend the halibut - its portion is huge and well worth the price esp if you make it into two meals.  The spinach cakes are also fantastic for an app.  Our servers were really nice and very attentive.  Highly recommend this place!!!!
Great service. Delicious food. The tea for two is a great way to enjoy a taste of the menu.
This place is amazing. Vinay was so accommodating. Would come again and definitely recommend it. Great food, great service!
This was the first time I've had Indian food in Manhattan (kind of ashamed to say) and this was a great experience. Ambiance is wonderful, service was impeccable and the food was scrumptious! We were seated and they immediately brought out a little ap for us with a tasty sauce, then we ordered the samosa (with pomegranate- yum!) and then split the dumplings and the spinach/cottage cheese dish, we were stuffed. Wine was also great, can't wait to go back and try everything else! Really impressed.
If you love Indian food, you will be delighted by this elegant restaurant.  I am not so much an Indian food fan, but I was charmed by the attentive service and stylish decor.  I had the lobster-- while it was not the best lobster I ever had, it was tasty.  Definitely a fine experience.
This is our second time back to Tamarind/Tribeca, and our experience was excellent once again.   We booked an 8PM reservation prior to a jazz concert, arrived about 15 minutes early, and got seated right away.The service at Tamarind is impeccable, and the restaurant is large and very well-appointed.   Our server was very friendly, and took extra time to explain some items that folks might not normally find at an Indian restaurant.My wife ordered the Achari Hiran  (venison chops) - outstanding.   I had the Nargisi Kofta, and it was very good.   The Kaddu Nariyal soup was OK, but I'd skip it next time for the Paneer Akbari appetizer.  The Lemon basmati was super-fresh, and the Garlic Naan was great too.It is obvious that the wait staff at Tamarind seats many International customers.  Our server was prompt, but not rushing, and he waited for me to ask for the check, instead of handing it to me after tea - way to go!One quick thing - Franklin St. is under construction, so take some extra time if you're driving downtown.  Best is to take the #1 Subway - the restaurant is on the southwest corner of Hudson and Franklin, and the facade of the building is also being worked on.We will definitely be back to Tamarind again soon!
A group of us shared the Tamarind Scallops,  Zafrani Murgh Tikka (chicken with saffron), shahi paneer.  The food was all very good, probably better than a lot of Indian I've had in the city, but I'm not sure if it was enough to warrant the super high prices and the small quantities.  Good thing I wasn't that hungry beforehand!The decor was very elegant and classy.  The clientele at dinner was mostly pretty sharply dressed and I did feel a tag underdressed in jeans.  I probably wouldn't go back by myself given that they fall low on the value scale, but I might take out of town guests there (especially if they're paying!)
One of the more expensive Indian restaurants I've eaten at. The food was good, but I'm not sure if was good enough to justify the prices. I would go back if someone wanted to go, but next time I'm in the area I'll probably look for another Indian place to try.
My father and I wanted Indian food so he looked up some places on line and this on came highly recommended. We started with the Raji's Scallops and Luchnow ki bahajia The scallops came three large crispy seared sea scallops to an order over a mint coconut sauce. The sauce is best described as an Indian pesto. The coconut made it creamy and the mint was a fresh bright green. The Luchnow ki bhajia is 2 friend whole spinach leaves 2 fried slices of banana 2 fried slices of cheese.To accompany our appetizers I ordered a cardamom infused vodka martini. It was absolutely divine!  For dinner my dad ordered the tamarind sword fish and I had the lamb shank. We also ordered nan bread and rice to share.The sword fish is served two thin filets to an order. It is marinated in tamarind and fenugreek. It has a thin yellow coating the dense streaky fish. No need fo a knife the meat fell effortlessly off the bone covered in a spicy brown gravy and topped with well done fried onions. It was amazing! I loved every single bite!For dessert my father got a carrot cake with ice cream with Louis Royer XO neat and I ordered the chocolate mouse cake with booker's bourbon neatThe chocolate cake was like a lava cake. Cooked on the outside and decadent and creamy on the inside. I was so so full but I could not stop eating it.
Sleek décorFood was good but not as memorable as my many experiences at the Flatiron location.Disappointed - No Poori bread on the menu, which is one of my favorites nor was there any Vindaloo dish.  The goat dish is usually a little more spicy than what was served.  I typically order a special shrimp appetizer that is not on the menu, sometimes it's a special, don't know what it's called but there are four pieces with a spicy red sauce.  I asked the server and he said yes and pointed to something on the menu.  I asked a second time if he were sure that this is the same dish as I was describing because I do not remember coconut and curry...but he said yes.  Suffice it to say that when the dish arrived, it was not what I was talking about.  I didn't say anything as it was good and I have no problem trying something new but I didn't care for the misunderstanding nonetheless.  The service was excellent but won't be back to this location.
We used to love this restaurant before we had a baby. We called to make a lunch reservation with our baby but were rudely told that no children under the age of 7 are permitted. He then hung up on me.  Exceptionally rude to say the least. Not all babies scream the place down and make it impossible to dine in peace. We won't be going back, baby or not!
Went here for Valentine's Day.  The food was really tasty and the service was outstanding.  The samosas were perfectly crisp.  I ordered the tandoori chicken and it was very moist and had great flavor.  My fiance ordered the aloo gobi and was very impressed.  We will definitely be back.
I went here on mothers day with my mom and dad. The service , ambience and deco were all exceptional. We opted for the price fixe and it did not disappoint. The chicken xacuti was very authentic and the lamb tandoori was very delicous. We finished with the sweet potato dessert which did not dissappoint.
Delicious Indian food and a variety of dishes (not just the typical mainstream entrees)- a bit pricey, but worth it.
I will give higher rating for the ambiance and décor of the place. It was perfect to bring friends visiting from Switzerland. But the food was terrible. Some of us were vegetarians and it seemed they just gave us steamed veggies which had no spices. They cater to only American crowd, it seems. Even the Lasooni ghobi was not cooked right- there was batter inside. Had to send it back. Would I come back again? not unless they do better with their food, especially since it comes with such a high tab.
Barb L The best Indian Food I have ever eaten!!!!! A quality experience in every way...Can't wait for my next eating experience at Tamarind!
Had a friend visiting from out of town and he knows the Tamarind on 22nd St. so I suggested let's try this one as it was closer to where we were.Pros:- Upscale ambiance- Indian food {what can I say, I'm biased as I'm Indian}Cons:- You don't feel welcomed. Feel very cold feeling from the staff.- My dinner plate felt dirty, wasn't sure if it was scratches from usage or just not good dish washing.With 1 Michelin Star, I wasn't blown away by the flavor of the Indian food. We ordered the Chicken Biryani [asked to replace Goat with Chicken] which was good but the rest of the food didn't exactly blow my mind - Cauliflower starter, Chicken Kolhapuri.[I'm using the English familiar names as the menu of their website is inconsistent with it's use of Hinglish terms all over the menu - murgh / morg / murg / chicken]Basically - There is better tasting Indian food out in the city !!!I would recommend this spot for those looking to impress their dates / families with an upscale Indian restaurant. As the food is okay, but the ambiance is upscale. However, be vary of not feeling to cozy or welcomed.I wouldn't recommend this spot for foodies.
I've been an avid fan of the 22nd street location since it opened in 2001 so, when I tried the downtown location, I had high expectations. What a disappointment! Yes the $5 million dollar location is exquisite, but when it's paired with rude management and only so-so food who really cares? If you want a nice evening and some of the best upscale Indian, stick with the original. The award winning halibut at the original is replaced with a dry, blandly spiced version. The fried cauliflower appetizer, with it's perfect combination of sweet and spicy, turned out tasting more like orange chicken from a sleazy Chinese restaurant. All around the fishes were fishy, the veggies were cheaply flavored, and the meats were bland. For getting the food so perfect at the original I don't know how this tribeca offshoot could fail so miserably. Even the garlic nan, which I would think is hard to get wrong came out as a crunchy flat bread dripping with oil.But like I said, poor management. We had an 8:00pm reservation and weren't seated until close to 9:00pm! No apology was offered. A drink or 2 on the house would have been nice. And every time we asked how much longer it would be, we got absolutely no information, only got nasty looks like somehow it was rude of us to ask. I'm much happier to stick with the 22nd street original and I promise, you will be too!
An amazing dining experience, worth every penny. Our waiter was extremely friendly and attended to my date and I with great care. He recommended the most amazing dishes and great drinks to go with them. We had the house red and house white with their Jumbo prawns to start, and our main dishes were the tandoori lamb and special halibut with two martinis. Everything was cooked to perfection and the sauces were exquisite. I cant wait to come back for another romantic night!
The food here was great, if you ask for spicy, they make it spicy! The decor was upscale and very trendy. The service was really impeccable. They were very accommodating with a reservation change and extremely nice and helpful with my friend who was vegan! She really enjoyed her meal and had so many options! I would definitely go again! I felt it was slightly pricey though.
Good was great. Lovely setting.  Nice service.  Good for sharing.   Reasonable price
I went here for the RW lunch and I must say it ws an excellent dining experience. The staff was extremely attentive without being intrusive. The fried paneer was simply amazing and because each entree came with two options, we were able to sample a little bit of everything. The only negative was that I thought that the sauce that the lamb was marinated in was a bit overwhelming and actually took away from the taste of the lamb. But I will say that the potato option made up for this blunder tenfold. Lastly, the mango cheescake was the perfect finale to our meal. I definitely intend to be back.
My dinner at Tamarind was the best Indian food I have ever had!! I've tried really delicious Indian food from other upscale places like Rasika and Bombay Club in DC to the pub food in London and nothing compares to the quality at Tamarind. Personally, the vibe is a little cold for me but it was totally appropriate for my family dinner and would be an ideal place for a business meeting. I might not come with a group of friends but I could still appreciate the sophistication and the sleek, clean decor. To start, we got the crab appetizer and the cauliflower special. The crab dish was plentiful and extremely fresh. It was so good I could have had another one of these to myself!! The cauliflower special had a really delicious, semi-spicy sauce but was over-fried...we all ended up picking most of it off. Probably the one dish we could've done without. For our main course we got the halibut, prawns, lamb, and the cauliflower and potato dish without the cream (I don't like dairy/egg in anything but dessert), and basmati rice and garlic naan. The halibut was AMAZING. My dad says it was the best piece of fish he had ever eaten!! My cauliflower and potato dish was also delicious and well flavored with curry and cumin. I can't speak for the prawns or the lamb but my family said they were also extremely well done and so flavorful. The naan was soft and warm and the perfect accompaniment to all of the entrees. For dessert we got the Indian ice cream (Kulfti?), the goat cheese creme brulee, and the lemon sorbet. I don't know why, but even the lemon sorbet was the best I have ever had!! I didn't try the Kulfti but my mom loved it. I had some of the goat cheese creme brulee which was surprisingly light and also to die for, and I don't even like cheese!! I also cannot say enough about the service. They were impeccable! If you love flavorful food and demand freshness and the highest quality, COME HERE!! I definitely hope to be back soon!!
I am speechless.  Went here for my birthday dinner with my mom and it was the most delicious indian meal I have ever had in new york.  The lobster masala was phenomenal and well worth the money - absolutely succulent and the most delicious use of $33 known to mankind to the extent that I found myself literally smiling upon tasting it. We used up every last drop of the sauce with our delicious Wild Mushroom and Truffle Oil (!!!) naan, Also good was the Chicken Biriyani - the most tender and perfectly cooked chicken I have ever tasted. The Kofta was a bit overwhelmed by the cheese balls, though the tender dumplings that comprised a minority of the dish were perfectly cooked. Everything was well-complemented by the lemon rice we ordered, though i'd be interested to try the coconut tomato rice as well.The desserts, like the sweet cottage cheese balls ("their specialty," according to the waiter) were not exactly up my alley and I would not order them again.  After that, we had tea, perfectly steeped individually brewed pots of loose leaf.  We had a very early dinner - around 6pm on the dot - but the service was phenomenal.  From the moment the maitre d' stepped outside to help us find the restaurant to the perfect timing of the waiter's inquiries and the water boy's refill stops, the service was absolutely phenomenal and I hope to come here soon - perhaps with my mom who will foot the $190 bill again!
The food here is amazing. Sure it's pricy but it's worth it. They made me an awesome drink on the spot after I told them what I liked - I'm not even sure what they put in it but it was some sort of mango + rum concoction. We were the last reservation but they still seated us, never rushed us, and let us stay as long as we needed to. The service was great. I'd recommend the malai kofta and try one of the fancy non-plain naans.
I met my 2 girlfriends here for dinner and we were impressed. The Naan, Rice, and fish dishes are to die for. The best thing to try is the Lotus Root, yum so tasty. The drinks are perfect, gives you a great buzz. The lynchee drink was the best ever!!!.
A beautiful classic space, excellent service and unique Indian menu. Three great reasons to try this high-end Indian restaurant in its newest location.Tamarind's menu is not the typical Indian fare. I don't need to recite the unusual items--that's why you go there and give it a try.  Interesting and delicious combinations of Indian flavors and a greater range of seafood dishes than most Indian menus. Overall a lot of choice in the menu.The Tribeca location is a nice open big space with natural light but without any acoustic drawbacks to interfere with your dinner conversation--great for both brunch and dinner. I've always been happy with the top-notch service without the often-found pushiness. Great wine selection and fusion cocktails.Worth the price if you want a different fine Indian dining experience. We 're always excited to go back.
I am an Indian and I know Indian food.  So if you are picky about your indian food, then read the review.Ambiance: Its really good.  If you are only looking for a date or romantic setting, this will do justice.Staff: Polite, nice and helpful.Food: I really wanted to like the food but I did not.  It is pathetically bland and does not have a common sense of what spices goes into which dishes.  Below are the dishes that I have tried:- Saag Paneer: Mediocre.  Can taste the freshness of saag but overall its strictly OK- Dal Makhani: Horrible.  Was overloaded with ghee- Nargisi Kofta: Horrible. What kind of dish is this?  All I could taste was cashew sauce and cream- Truffle Oil Naan: Doesn't really made me feel that I was eating a $6 Naan.  Bland- Pudina Paratha: Just OK- Papad: This is good but it is not made in-house.The food is heavy in the cream used.  I am sure that if you see the nutritional facts of your dishes compared to that of other restaurants, about 50% of the customers would not return.Save your money and go somewhere else.
We have been here twice - nice upscale Indian in a great neighborhood.  It is very pretty and with a party of 4 we got one of their lovely booths.  Tables for 2 are a little more cramped and less charming, but still fine.The first time we were in a table for two next to two charming ladies from South America.  After a VERY lengthy wait, the women - who had come in after us - were served. . . our food.  Seeing the ensuing panic on the part of the waitstaff, we enquired.  The ladies, however, were enjoying our meal.  So that was not great, but the food was good when we finally got it - very standard Indian fare of tandoori, naan, and saag paneer.The second time was better - staff is charming if not too speedy.  The samosa appetizers were flaky and delicious, the naan was tasty and the tandoori was excellent.  My husband wanted the special chicken dish, but they had run out, so the waiter suggested a double portion of a similar appetizer - kind of meh - not great.  Our friend had vindaloo which she loved, and all in all it was a good eating experience.
I reserved dinner at this place after reading all the amazing reviews of how great of an Indian restaurant Tamarind is in NYC.  I should've known better.  Ambience was ok, I've seen more beautiful restaurants in India, Dubai, even Hawaii than this place. Prices were pretty high, food was blah. Ordered the cauliflower bites, they were great. Tameen e zaman kabobs were gross, maybe we should've studied the menu more extensively. For entrees, we ordered the Shahi Paneer & Dal Makhni.  Shahi paneer was bland, with no taste or spice, even after we told the waiter to make it spicyyyy. Dal makhni was horrible, no salt nor masala taste.  Nan was great, big surprise!  I'm never going back, I can have better Indian food elsewhere or at home.  Sorry Tamarind, but I'm extremely disappointed in you.
Nice place. The owner greeted us which I thought was polite. The food/drinks (Grapefruit Mojito and Pomegranate Bellini) were good. Went there for a v-day dinner for a party of 6. There were too many different waiters coming to our table , we felt a bit rushed, and racially marginalized being the only african american party in there tons of stares and observing how the waiters treated the other parties was a real turn off for me. The ambiance is nice however it always comes down to how the service was executed and I don't think it was great at all. Would I come back...mmmmmm...I'll try some other fancy Indian restaurants before I rule Tamarind out.
Tamarind is an upscale Indian food.  The restaurant is beautiful.   The bar is really cool with great lighting.  We ordered the prix fix selection.  It was a lot of amazing food and it was nice to be able try a lot of different items, some I may have never ordered but really liked.  The food is excellent and the served medium spicy which is nice.  You leave with your taste buds alive.   The service was very attentive but not overbearing.  This is nice evening out.
The decor is absolutely beautiful and the service is pretty good as well.  If you haven't tried Indian food or want to try Indian food but are scared, this is a good place to start.  I feel like it's a mild/Americanized version of what Indian food is.  The food has great flavors and delicious spices, but I think it lacks that perfect execution.  My fish was a bit dry and my lamb kebab tasted over-marinated.  Overall, it was a pleasant experience but I wouldn't come back here if I was in the mood for super delicious food.
Best Indian food I've had in NYC thus far. The interior is spacious and modern. Went for a very late lunch so I can't really comment on the ambiance. Everything we had was outstanding.  For appetizers we had Samosa's and Murg Malai Kabab. Both were exceptional. For entrees I had chicken Kali Mirch and my co-worker had the Murgh Kolahpuri. Both were good and spicy but the Kolahpuri was a standout.
The food and the service were excellent. The daily special cauliflower appetizer and the halibut were fantastic.
The best Indian food in NYC. period. One star less coz their portions are small but otherwise my family & I are die hard fans!
The food was very good. Appetizers and entrees were well done - spicey, but not over powering.  Lamb Vindaloo was excellent as was the Goat Biryani.  Service was excellent.  Large drink selection - both beers and wine.  The price is higher than your average Indian restaurant.  All in all, a very good experience.  I will definitely go back.
i was here on july 1. i'll break this review down into food, service, and ambiance, going from worst to best.food: fusion indian for americans. my lotus root kofta was so bland and flavorless, both the root dumpling and the curry. the onion naan was hot and fresh but not very onion flavored at all. it was also different from other clay oven naan i've had, though that isnt a bad thing in itself. the mango kulfi was standard. the lemon rice was mixed with cashews and something else but it didnt taste like lemon. the food is not for people looking for real, savory indian food. this is indian inspired. ambiance: nice. i liked junoon's interior more but this is nice. modern, sleek styles yet warm interior. service: without a doubt the best part of my experience here. wonderfully nice and attentive servers without interrupting. hot towels before and after were appreciated. they moved us from our original seating (which was by the busy kitchen door) to another table with no hesitance.
Look it's not bad, but it's not great either. This level of Indian food would get no notice in London or in India itself. It's a sad testament to Indian food in NYC that this place is near the top. Having gotten that out of my system, if it's Indian you want and you're in NYC this is a safe choice.
I love love Indian food. I had Indian food from LA to NY and this place is one of my top picks! It is a very modern looking place. Not like many of the Indian venues on the westcoast which look like mom and pop Indian decor.  The absolute must try dish is the lobster masala.  It is one of the best masala dishes i've ever had!
Upscale indian food. Went in for a birthday dinner and we were treated like royalty. The food was very good. If I need to impress someone, I will take them here. I just have to make sure to save up on funds, first.
Had jury duty and used the long lunch opportunity to finally try Tamarind.  Have only dined once and had the executive set lunch.  It offers a wide variety and is multi course.  I thought it was heavenly.  Service sharp and for lunch well paced (I told them my time limit and they listened).  The range of spices (and by that I don't simply mean heat but rather all spices) was fantastic.  In terms of heat, it was right at my high end - which means that they are balancing the traditional heat with a respect for milder palates.  I keep meaning to return and sample more of the menu ideally with a larger group.
Very fine Indian restaurant. Probably the best in Manhattan as per a desi's taste. Great presentation and flavors.
the food and the service is outstanding! definitely a Michelin starred restaurant!!! Must go if you want to try a perfect indian meal
The food here is very good, it's a lovely restaurant and the service is top notch. But it's four times more expensive than the Indian restaurants I'm used to going to, and some of them are just as good, albeit in dumpier surroundings. So if you are looking for a nice place to take a date and spend some dough, Tamarind is it. If you just want some good and reasonable Indian food, I'd look elsewhere.
My husband and I visited for Restaurant Week as we love Indian food and miss it so much since moving to NYC from London. We loved the food and feel it is the best Indian food we have discovered in the city. We went for Sunday brunch, you have a choice of appetizer, 2 curries and a dessert. Rice, a vegetable side dish and naan bread is part of the deal, which we shared. The presentation of the dishes was very appealing. I chose the Gushtaba (Kashmiri lamb) to start and my husband had the Karara jhinga (shrimp). My dish was delicious, the meat was well flavored and went great with the sauce. My husband LOVED his shrimp! He said if he could have had a whole curry like that he would have been happy. For our curries I chose the Kalmi Murgh (chicken) and Hare Gobi Ka Saag (veg saag type curry) and my husband had the Ghosht Hara Masala (tandoori lamb) and Manglorean fish curry (halibut). The winner was definitely the Lamb. It was tender, full of flavor, just amazing. I enjoyed my saag curry, but wasn't a huge fan of the chicken, I would probably advise to give that a miss. It was a small piece of chicken, with a strange texture and not a huge amount of flavor. Out of the 4 curries it was my least favorite. The halibut was also good, with a decent sauce. I was so happy that the naan bread was actually authentic naan, it was so good! It was fluffy and you could just tear it apart. It was very good. As was the vegetable side dish, which was potatoes and peas in a sauce. The dessert was very small (Blackforest Cake), but we didn't even feel it was needed after such a great meal, so it was no big deal. We came away feeling very satisfied with our meal and planning our return. We enjoyed the food and it was great value compared to other Indian restaurants we have tried. We plan to order the lamb curries when we go back.
This is such a secret place. I think not many people know about the authenticity and uniqueness of this place. They have some special cuisines  from different parts of India from north to south and east to west. We went here with some friends and tried "daab chingiri" (Shrimps cooked and served in coconut shell). This is something to die for...utterly delicious and must try. It's one of the unique dish of kolkata (eastern part of India). I have not come across this dish in any of the restaurants in NJ/NY area so far and had been looking for this dish for a long time. I'm glad that I finally found it. I would definitely  recommend any food explorer to definitely try out the dish or someone visiting here.
Came back here for a third time and had a less positive experience than previous:The waiters seemed generally confused throughout the meal. They took so long with the food menus that we had to ask, and then they brought us one menu for a party of 5, and took several minutes to bring along additional ones. We ordered and received food without problem (though it's always super awkward when the waitstaff insist on serving one piece of each dish to each person at the table). The lobster masala was good, as was the chicken tiki masala. The shrimp (I forget the name - it was in a green sauce) was good but a bit too spicy for my liking. The best was the breaded and fried fried duck appetizer we ordered. We tried a few basmati rice dishes as well (included one with chicken) which I found mediocre at best; they were unevenly cooked. The garlic naan was yummy though! We asked the waiter to wrap up the leftovers, and after a while he and another waiter began clearing plates. It ended up being the second waiter who cleared the main dishes, and we had to remind him that we wanted leftovers. If we hadn't, I'd have bet that extra food ended up in the trash. Also, weirdly, he wrapped up the leftover sauce from the lobster dish for us (we finished the lobster), which was nice but seemed rather odd.Finally, when it came time for the bill (which we had to ask for a few times) we finally were told that the machine was broken and they couldn't process a credit card or give us a check. The waiter asked for a credit card, email address, and tip amount - and waited watching over us as we wrote out the email and the amount of tip (in percentages because we didn't even know what the total was!) on a piece of paper. Presumably he took down the credit card number to charge later on. Awkward to say the least. While I'm certainly sympathetic to technology failures, it made no sense to me why they couldn't have written out even a non-itemized total bill before demanding a credit card so we at least knew how much was being charged once the machine was up again and could calculate tip based on that. The whole experience was rather bizarre.
A lovely place with a great ambiance and staff. This was my second time in the past 6 months and both times we brought people who never had Indian food or do not like it. Both visits we have converted the "nonbeliever". The drinks are outstanding and have a great Indian twist as well as perfect classics. Food is amazing and we usually order what the staff recommends, and you have to listen as they are never wrong!
I came here for the first time for valentines day dinner. Glad my boyfriend made reservations here as everything was perfect. You could tell the staff was well prepared for the evening. Everything was clean, neat, and the staff was friendly.We got the crab cake and shrimp appetizer (don't recall what it was called exactly on the menu) which was very delicious.  For main dish, I got the lobster. It had perfect amount of Indian spices in the sauce. Although I wish the lobster was covered in more sauces because I just love my food covered in sauces!Our waitress was kind and informative about the menu and specials.Would recommend this place for birthdays and anniversaries :)
Really great food and ambiance. I had the chicken tikka masala, and it was fantastic.
I came here once again and it was bomb! I even got a free kulfi ice cream!! I came for lunch since I normally come for dinner . Highly recommend this place.
The chili crab and the lamb is a must. Both the naan and the roti is also fantastic, I recommend ordering the onion/scallion naan. We also ordered the chicken tikka masala and the scallops. Everything was delicious. The service is great, the staff is very friendly and attentive. The owner of the restaurant also came by once or twice and chatted with our table which was fun. Overall, I would definitely come again!
The food is consistently good - all the vegetables and appetizers. The ambience is different now but still inviting and rich. The service can be hit or miss. The food was excellent!!
4 starts but really 3.5This place used to be a 4.5. But I guess they got too big now. The service was just ok, used to be fantastic. The food was pretty good. Not amazing. The naan and poori good as usual. The basmati rice was ok. The chicken in the tiki misala was dry. The lamb was overseasoned and didn't get to enjoy the lamb flavor. The scallop app was excellent as was the shrimp app. The entrees disappointed. Dessert was excellent(Flourless chocolate cake and bread pudding)
Beautiful Indian restaurant in TriBeCa, with large spacious dining areas and pale gold and ivory decor.  It is on the high side in terms of price but you get a fine dining experience.  Professional and attentive waiter who gave us a great tip to try the lamb chops they had on the menu that night - they were velvety tender and the spices amazing.  My Indian boyfriend said it was the best lamb he'd tasted in a long time.  We also had chicken tandoori kebabs, sag paneer (always a favorite of mine), a lentil dish and garlic naan.  Everything was prepared expertly and it was an absolutely delicious meal.
We ordered: Samundri Jalwa {lobster soup, carrots, garlic, cayenne pepper, cognac} ($14), Kerala Fish Curry ($34), and Chicken Tikka Masala ($26).  We also got Spinach and Garlic Rice ($9), Roti ($5), and Nan ($5).  Great portions to share, and everything was delicious.Service was attentive: waters were refilled regularly and wine was topped off when appropriate, too.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
We had heard very good reviews about the restaurant so we decided to try it out but instead had a very bad experience. We ordered lamb; lamb was uncooked, we were not able to slice it with the knife so, we called the server and told him about it. Without checking anything, he started telling us that the restaurant cooks the lamb like that and pointed us that its our mistake that we didn't ask it to be well done. We told that we cannot eat it like that .. finally, without being apologetic, the guy said that he will get it replaced .. after a couple of mins he comes back with tongs and took the chunk of lamb from our plates while we were eating embarassing us infront of everyone .. which was totally unaccepatable!!! We kept our calm and decided to finish our food. Meanwhile the couple next to our table complained about a hair in their food. We were shocked! Finally, we paid for our food but before leaving, we spoke to the manager in charge who patiently heard our concerns and was apologetic. He said proper actions will be taken for this. Out of all the places, you dont really expect such experience in the heart of NYC in a high end restaurant like Tamarind!
Great service, great atmosphere (as one reviewer put it - classy, but still laidback), solid wine list, and delicious food. We came in late on Sunday (10pm reservation) and it was an experience I will definitely be using to measure other restaurants by for awhile. Definitely ask for some tamarind chutney (not sure it's on the menu - but they have it) and finish your meal with a mango or sweet lassi to aid your digestion after you no doubt stuff yourself full on the delicious food.
I totally forgot to finish my review, so I'll quickly finish it right now. I had a reservation for 2 at 2:30PM we came a little early but they were nice enough to seat us in right away. The vibe was great in there and everyone was very attentive. Both of us ordered a 3 course meal, since there was a special menu going on (3course=super fulling). I forgot the names of the food we ordered but I do remember I ordered tandoori chicken and paneer which was delicious. Definitely loved the chicken; the chicken itself had a bit of sweetness but with the sauce just made it even more delicious. While my boyfriend ordered lamb and fish, which was also delish. As for dessert we got.. -Caramel Cheesecake - small, simple and great-Cassetta - good way to end a very fulling mealWill come back soon for dinner!
We visited Tamarind recently on occasion of birthday dinner. The first thing that strikes you about the place is ambience, opulence of the it and vibe of truly upscale clientele. One doesn't mind waiting at bar.We got the seating upstairs overlooking the bar area which was nice. As for food, being vegetarian, we didn't have any issues as there were plenty of options. Cocktails were rich, Appetizers were truly appealing, particularly kabab- uniquely tasty-. All main dinner options were good in taste and portions.But the best thing about the place that remains with one well after the evening is their truly exceptional service. From the head waiter checking frequently to busboys changing cutlery every few mins to owner visiting you personally. This being a birthday dinner, it was a good surprise when manager and owner both showed up again to wish.Would take one star away only due to price.. this is a place meant for special occasions only
This is a fine Indian Restaurant and it doesn't come cheap.  We had a normal dinner for 5 which costed us USD 350.
Very tasty. I went here for a friend's birthday party with several other (new) friends. The restaurant itself looks clean and modern and bright. Service was also quite good despite the fact we were a bit rowdier and louder than the environment would advise. But to be honest the place was pretty empty on a Sunday early afternoon. If we weren't there it would've been a bit dead...That said, the food was good. The group included several Indians from various parts of India who attested to the authenticity of the food. Not that I care that much for a higher-end restaurant like this. Real or not it was tasty...The best part was the $26 prix fix menu. Great deal for what you get. I would definitely go back if in the Tribeca area.
Gorgeous modern space and wonderful Indian food. The open space has two levels of seating and a large bar. Their cauliflower gobi (dry Manchurian cauliflower) is my favorite thing here - not sure it is on the appetizer menu but I had always ordered it at the other location and was able to order it here as well. They do seafood really well - try the scallops or prawns - as well as the traditional items like saag poori and lamb vindaloo.
My wife took me here for my birthday- loved it! Everything was excellent!This was the best Indian restaurant I have ever been to and everything was done perfectly. service, food quality, everything. I ordered the meat combo plate and everything was grilled to perfection. The chicken had a perfect char, and it was not dry underneath. The nan was also perfect, served warm, buttery, and full of flavor.I will definitely go back and recommend this place to anyone, and I can't wait to go back!Perfect birthday dinner!!
The ambiance here is fantastic - very posh and classy in a great location of Greenwich Village. We started at the bar for drinks and made our way to the table for dinner. The entire restaurant starting from the bar, to the seats area, to even the restrooms are upscale and nice! There's an upstairs seating area as well but I didn't go there. Not sure I would come here with a big group of friends for dinner unless it was a special occasion (birthday, promotion celebration, bridal party, corporate meeting, etc) as it can get expensive. But this is definitely a great place for a date night. The food comes in small/medium portions, but that's expected in a higher-end Indian food restaurant like this. The food was very delicious! I forgot exactly what we ordered as it was a few months ago - but we have plans to go back in the coming weeks. We ordered a few dishes and drinks and I think it was a little over $100 - but the location, decor, service, and vibe of Tamarind is definitely worth the splurge. We came for a Saturday night dinner date, but my bf says their lunchtime specials are good too so I'll have to try that next!
Michelin star worth Indain with a flair, sophistication, attention to detail and wow. Thank you for making our night tamarind,Hats off to all you folks
3.5 Stars. Interior 4/5Service 4/5 - Nothing noteworthyAlcohol 2/5 - I thought their mixed drinks were poor. Food 3.5/5 - I wish the menu better explained their dishes. We ended picking two similar dishes based on the server's rec, but I think he did a poor job because they didn't complement one another and tasted similar (I believe we order the lamb vindaloo and a chicken dish with tamarind tomato base. Noteworthy: Their version of a crab cake (appetizer) was better than an actual crab cake. Chunks of crab meat.
I've been here for lunch and dinner. I come out of there happy! Yes, its a bit pricey but the quality of food and service is worth it. Every time I go there I order a different item and I'm always pleased with how they come out. The service is attentive and impeccable. The décor is trendy. Bathrooms are modern and so clean! Its my go-to place when I have people to impress. I never worry about any mishaps from this place. The only slight problem are their desserts. They use Indian spices so for American tongue you might not like it.
Tamarind Tribeca used to be my favorite place as I mostly had good time. But lately the quality has gone down and we got food poisoning when we last visited in November. When we contacted the management, they would never call us back. So, we wasted money on food, parking, baby sitter along with a wasted weekend trying to recoup from food poisoning. Horrible customer service!
I love this restaurant.  It's such a treat.  The food is really really good.  The space is huge and elegant.  Great for a private party upstairs.  They take large parties without charging a mandatory pre-fix.  They even deliver!  I always have such a nice experience with the management at this location.  As the location in the Flatiron area is as well...this is an upscale pricey Indian restaurant, not your everyday casual Indian place.  For more casual/less expensive but still great quality Indian food, check out Balucci's a few blocks away.
This is my second dinner at Tamarind, but I've been here for lunch on three occasions.  As before the food was exceptional.  The galouti kebab, is Tamarind's take  on seekh kebab, but unlike the latter, this kebab is like a lamb "pate de foie gras" with an incredible moistness and lamb flavor.  My wife and I both had the "special' entrée,  a boneless raan with potatoes, also out of this world. The meat was  more like "pulled lamb", but not broken up, that was left for us to do.   We had the lemon rice, and laccha paratha  as sides. The dessert, of course, god's gift to the dessert world, rasmali.  This restaurant is head and shoulders above Junoon, which I did eventually visit last February, and will never visit again.  Junoon's food lacked spice, and was not prepared with true Indian style or flavor.  I write reviews about "food" not wait staff, but I have never had any problems with the wait staff at Tamarind.   The captain was  truly professional, and described the food to a "t".   The waiter, and busboy were also top notch.  If a thirteen-year-old's  hormones were damaged by theatrical nonsense, then I pity the poor husband that will have deal with such a delicate individual.
Overpriced, small portions, everything a la carte, bland food. Will never come back. Can do much better for much better value!!
Tamarind is a very beautiful restaurant. I've gone here twice now and feel comfortable saying this is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. The service was excellent and everything tasted exquisite.
One of the few places in NYC that has true high quality authentic Indian food. Some of the aroma reminded me of the actual food in India (trust me it's not easy to find it in NYC). The lamb Raan-E-Dumpukht was my absolute favorite and in ample quantity. Lovely decor and a must go for fine dining Indian Cuisine
I came here with a large party and had a great time! The food was fantastic - I got DAAB CHINGRI (prawns in coconut curry), which was delicious (and came in a coconut). I also tried the CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA, which was very flavorful. WILD MUSHROOM AND TRUFFLE OIL NAN was also very, very good, although it's a bit of a waste when paired with curries that already have such strong flavor. The manager was also super nice and fun to talk to. Overall, decor was nice and food was delicious.I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 for two reasons:1) Price. As good as the food is, it's still a little too expensive for me.2) My water wasn't filled regularly. Not sure if this was because I was with a large group, but I was hoping for service that was a little more attentive.
The food was just GREAT. The lamb shank was cooked perfectly, to the point that it came apart with light pulls from the fork. Its accompanying sauce was done very well for a creamy and rich sauce because it wasn't overwhelming. For a person who has zero tolerance for spicy food, my date found the shank perfect. The lamb chops were also perfectly prepared, besides being very tasty, they gave me the sensation that they were turning to butter in my mouth- melting away. I can't say much about the service, because while ours was top notch, we were eating at 9:30pm and were one of only a few tables in the restaurants. Lastly, I didn't find the environment cold. It was modern yet comforting, as the lighting is nicely dimmed to a bronze-ish
The food and service at Tamarind were all excellent! Our server was so sweet and always smiling. She brought out the food quickly and the order was spot on. The portion sizes at Tamarind were surprisingly large - especially for such a nice restaurant! The samosa appetizer came with three very large samosas - I was expecting the two small one bite each sized portions you'll see at other restaurants. The lamb special was amazingly tasty and again a healthy portion size. I ordered my stand by favorite paneer and was not disappointed - the food was warm, spicy but not too hot and very flavorful. I even left with a doggy bag! We'll definitely be returning here!
Went for the prix-fixe lunch on a Sunday. The restaurant is impressive. Very clean decor and a nice and quiet place to go.The prix-fixe has a very good value of $25 and includes one appetizer, two entrees and a dessert. It was a lot of food and it was all very tasty.On top of that, the service is impecable. The staff is very nice and attentive to all details.Will definitely go back to try their dinner menu!
Have had their lunch a couple of times and it has not disappointed - the selling point has been value for money ($30 for 3 courses) & ambiance more than culinary satisfaction. Went there for dinner last week and, while ambiance was still pleasant, the service in addition to food was sub-par. We ordered the ginger martini which was well executed and had the right amount of creativity to it without being over the top.That was followed by paneer akbari which, while innovative sounding, tasted more like a blob of melted cheese without any seasoning. That was followed by  a course of nans and malai kofta, both not even meeting the flavors of the $7.99 all-you-can eat generic Indian restaurants. These culinary dishes, were unfortunately coupled with a very disinterested waitress (who was also bar-tending if i recall) who didn't bother despite telling her than the food was just-ok and was barely nibbled. All in all, go there for the martinis the nice ambiance, but leave your hopes for top-notch food at the door.
The food is good, yes. Have I had better Indian food? Without question. Have I had Indian food with such a luxurious experience? Never. Wonderful service, great presentation and a very nice atmosphere, but if I'm paying a hundred dollars for a meal and a glass of wine, it's definitely not going to be Indian.
now, this is what i'm talking about!the italian place around the corner said the wait was over an hour so we dropped by Tamarind expecting the same but hoping for the best.  to our surprise, the maître d said 20 minutes so we gladly ok'd and copped a squat at the bar. as we were enjoying our pre-dinner drinks, we noted a couple things.  one, the decor - soft lights, high ceilings and clean lines gave it a fresh feeling which was a great contrast to spice-heavy indian food.   two, the crowd - more mature business casual / polished group who created a good mix of low murmurs and random outbursts of laughter.  it was the ideal noise level for a late saturday night dinner.  before we could finish our drinks, obviously less than 20 mins, we were seated.  we quickly ordered a bottle of wine, sparkling voss and the scallop appetizer (note:  the scallop appetizer tastes better when the scallops are eaten with the mini biscuits they are served with). and thus began our server's - who always stood no more than 6 ft. from our table - attentive and swift service .     for main course, we ordered the vindaloo and requested lamb be switched to chicken  "no problem!", the masala aloo gabi, naan and rice.  everything was DELICIOUS!!!  including the amuse bouche which was the perfect teaser.  the vindaloo was spicy and the masala was the perfect complement.  our server was quick to clean the crumbs off our table, refill our water and wine.   AND he even let me take home the voss bottle home.   woo hoo!all in all, it was a great experience!
Favorite indian restaurant in the city! The food at this location tastes better than the 22nd street one..though the service is amazing at both.  For the price and service and food, this place is well worth it!!  It can be a bit pricy but overall great experience and worth the extra bucks!! GO!!
The best Indian restaurant that I have ever dined at - period! Their goat and chicken are to die for - I also tried their paneer and it was really good. The interiors are very well done and the place is huge - each table is situated to provide an intimate and private setting. Their appetizers are really delicious - bhel puri was my favorite. I have also dined at their other locations in the city and they are both good.
This is my absolute favorite Indian restaurant. The quality is impeccable. I have never had chicken that was so tender and flavorful before!
I've been twice, I cannot wait to go a third time. Tamarind Tribeca is a place that I recommend to friends who enjoy Indian cuisine. Everything here is neatly organized same plate sized, what makes the meal enjoyable is everything is to share family style and they serve you so. They have just about everything under poultry, lamb and vegetarian. I recommend their samosas and mixed berry panacotta, which only comes during their lunch menu. It's quite difficult to understand which food is which because I'm not familiar with names, but they always are wonderful explaining the food and what may be a great choice to your palette.
pretty horrible service and food is just okaywe went there for our team lunch. everything started off nice but soon turned into a very bad experience.first, service is very very slow even there were not much a crowd there. took them 20 minutes to bring up even the lunch menu and an hour and 15 minutes to bring the food on the table. the most ridiculous part is - one of my temmate only eats kosher food so he brings his sandwich, and they didnt allow him to eat there. it is quite absurd for now allowing that - even when asking to talk to the manager, the manager insists it is the rule of the restaurant so my cowork can just sits there and be starvedfood was just okay, there are so many much better nice indian restaurant with better food and definitely more decent service, will not come back and recommend.
Wowwwwweee such a great place.  Classy place. Awesome ambiance. Excellent waiters.  top notch Indian cuisine.  I cannot say a bad thing here.   Great wine selection menu...believe it or not, it matters.   It gets packed here...so you know you are getting top of the line everything.  Make a reservation so you are not disappointed.   I will def be back.  Is pricey, but share some apps and a couple of entrees and you will not feel it in the pocket....you get what you pay for...
Went here for my first ever Indian dining experience last night with 2 friends and was more than pleased.  The service was fantastic and very friendly from the matre d to the bar tender to the water guy.  The drinks were amazing...I highly recommend the ginger pepper martini (need to figure out how to make this on my own) and the grapefruit mojito.  The 3 apps we ordered were awesome, especially the samosa, the naan was delish and the afghani naan was even better.  For entres we had the chicken tikka masala and murgh badami.  I think the tikka had more flavor to it was good to dip the naan in. The food amount was just right for 3 people and I like how it was served "tapas" style to your plate from the waiter.  All in all a great time and I will be back!
3 Stars A-OK, 4 Stars - I am a fan. I am not a fan!  The food is great. In fact,  if a restaurant review was only about the food, I would give Tamarind more than the possible 5 stars. Unfortunately a great restaurant is much more than food or service, it is also about how the customer feels in the restaurant.  Many of us go to restaurants to celebrate something special. Usually it involves bringing a cake with us. But nowhere else have I been charged 4 bucks a head to have it served to us !  So go on ahead to Tamarind, you will get good food, a good ambiance and decent service. Just don't go there if it's a birthday or anything special.
The best indian place Ive ever been! Very very good food! I love to have dinner there. A little pricey but worth it! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is a little akward service but I can totally forgive that to them since food is super tasty!
This place is okay. I've had better indian food. Mango Lassi was good, as well as the Mango Kulfi. Other than that, it was okay.
3 of us ate here, and we had an outstanding experience. The scotch selection is great (my favourite Lagavulin was available), the wine list is large (we had a nice petite Syrah). My colleagues wanted a snack that was not on the menu, but it was served to us (spiced nuts). The dinner and dessert were delicious (gajar halwa is to die for). The place is large and spacious, and was mostly empty when we were there so it seemed a tad cavernous, but the food and service made up for whatever was missing in the ambiance.
Hmm... Chicken Tikka Masala with a side of... *wait for it* RUBBER LATEX GLOVE?!?!  Yes, oh yes. Went to Tamarind in Tribeca last night with friends for dinner and found a f-ing piece of LATEX glove (the whole rubber fingertip!) in the chicken tikka masala. What's even worse? I discovered it after putting it IN MY MOUTH and chewing on it thinking it was rubbery chicken skin! I did my best not to throw up in my mouth. UGH. You'd think this would be unthinkable at a "fine-dining place" like this - but the worst part was not the piece of rubber glove in the food (hey, mistakes happen), but the service (or lack thereof)from the general manager. First of all, most places wouldn't even have the gall to make you pay for your dinner if something this outrageous happened. (Why? because they WANT YOU TO COME BACK AND TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS HOW THEY WENT ABOVE AND BEYOND TO FIX THE SITUATION!) Alas, the manager here said he would "take care of it" and assured me and my friends that he would "make this right."  He offered dessert (but REALLY, who wants to eat after something like this happens?!) When he came back with the check, all he'd done was take 25% off the bill - and this only happened after we complained several times that simply taking off the Chicken Tikka Masala off the bill would not do. After calling the general manager over again (and yes, we were being VERY civil) he finally gave us 50% off our bill.  In the end, the sheer lack of service and desire to really, truly "fix the problem" ruined our night. We (and all of our friends) will NOT be back. Please, don't waste your time coming here. There are so many better Indian restaurants in this city (ones without sanitation issues)! In the end, my friends and I were all just wondering what happened to the finger in the glove... YUCK!!!
Ok, so this one is legitimately better than the Gramercy location.  Slightly expanded menu.  A few more wine options.  More elegant dining room.  This place should be packed.  We've been back twice in the two weeks since we tried this location for the first time.  The halibut here may be the best halibut dish I've ever had.  Try pairing the beers with the food.  It'll surprise you.  I'd like to gush about Tamarind some more, or suggest what to order, but really, you can't go wrong.  Everything is delicious.  Best Indian in the City.  Hands-down.
Preggers and craving it! Yes, I am pregnant and thus writing a yelp review at 2am. The sight and thought of most foods makes me sick these days, which is sad because I am hungry. However, I am still stuck on Tamarind. Their food is good, inventive and not super-expensive given the atmosphere, location and quality of food. Go eat there even if you are not pregnant!
just got back from tamarind tribeca.went here for the first time, thouight it would be the usual indian restaurant issue, of less spices and not so authentic indian food BUT was so surprised to have one of the best indian meals in New York.the service was like vip.i really felt as if i had a personal server for our table, as we didnt wait more than a few seconds for someone to attend and that too on a saturday night.the ambiance was perfect too.spacious n not too dim.all in all a perfect experience with great food,excellent service and perfect ambiance.
Fine dining Indian fusion cuisine. Delectable food, beautiful space.
I'm not a connoisseur when it comes to Indian food, but I have to say that I expected more from this place as a restaurant in general. The beautiful upscale atmosphere was not in sync with the service. Nothing was explained to us, nothing recommended... news flash: not everyone knows how to read and speak Indian. I had no idea what to order, so we just ordered a bunch of things. None of them were good, and none of them were anything like the menu descriptions. Maybe Indian just isn't my thing, but I do believe there are probably better options in the city.
From the "may we take your coat", to our desert of Gulab Jamun (made with khoya, flour and dipped in sugar syrup infused with saffron) the experience was superb. Starting off with a few drinks (mango martini received 5 stars from my partner), we enjoyed several curries, tandoori'd chicken (cooked to perfection with a moderately piquant flavor, roasted lamb chops (marinated in yogurt, cardamom, garlic, black cumin seeds and nutmeg) were classics.
While the setting and the atmosphere are very pleasant, the service was mediocre (and it was not crowded on a Monday night at nearly 10 p.m.) and the food average. Is it better than Baluchi's? Absolutely. Was the Saag Paneer worth $19? Absolutely not. Out of the 5 in our party, 3 of us had never been before. We agreed next time we had a yen for Indian we would meet in Jackson Heights.
Best Indian food I have eaten on east coast. Their Punjabi Mutton was delicious. Now I go there just for this dish. Service was very good and so was the ambiance. It is a little pricey but worth it.
Delicious Indian food and great service. I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan and it was amazing! I would definitely go back.
This is based on 2 visits for dinner and purely on food. i was excited to go to this place, heard good things about it. But to be honest this really isn't indian indian food. Its more americanized, kind of like if you remember rio bravo and how it became americanized mexican. This is a great place to go impress someone more interested in ambience and where you at then quality of food. also, i guess if you can't handle food w/ spices and masala, then this is  your next best substitute to get close to indian food. but don't kid yourself this isn't the real deal for desi khana (indian food).
Pretty much as good as it gets. Of course it's not super-authentic, tastes like my grandmamma made it, but I really haven't found too many restaurants like that in the city unless you go to the places where the cabbies eat.. You go to Tamarind for the ambiance, the decor, the relaxed fine dining. The food was excellent, the service was a bit much but I guess it was a Monday or Tuesday so it was a slow night. I highly recommend this place to bring a large party as well as it is a decent-sized space. I will definitely be going back
Excellent: the food, the service, the fancier than usual decor for Indian restaurant.
I had a fine lunch here during restaurant week. And for $25. The waiter was very attentive and helped a bit with choices. There was an amuse bouche which was a slightly piquant tomato salsa that I could have reordered, given the chance. The meal was an appetizer and two entrees with dessert. The appetizer I chose was grilled shrimp with a spicy red sauce. Lovely. The entrees were chicken with spices in a thin wrap and bitter gourd topped with Indian cheese (paneer) crumble. The entrees came with an eggplant and potato baked dish in a generous serving and garlic naan. After all this, I should have passed on the dessert, but, why not? It was an ice cream concoction what was tasty. I'll go back fo dinner soon.
The food and ambiance is 5 star but the service, and I have now been there twice, has been horrible in that it is always very rushed to the point that we were brought our check before we had finished and we had not even been invited to order desserts and tea. We were barely able to enjoy our meals which is unfortunate because, again, the food is excellent. It was clear that they over-booked tables and were rushing people through. I have gone to the bar area a few times since and it is lovely but I won't embarass myself again by inviting guests to this restaurant.
For years, Tamarind Grammercy has been among my favorite restaurants; however, I was suspicious of this sister restaurant to open in Tribeca. I expected Americanized, watered down Indian food designed to appeal to Chicken Tikka Masala chompers, not barfee lovers or Jackson Heights explorers. And in my three visits here, I can confirm that, yes, you can find such disappointing dishes, most easily by taking Yelp's pulse or by asking the waiters for the most "popular" choices. For example, the crab meat in curry powder is a bland mess of shredded crab; the duck crepe lacks the execution of its French cousin or the bold flavors of its dosa cousin; and the prawns sauteed in coconut and chilies is the poor ripoff of the Shrimp Balchau in Grammercy. And the only dish to be carbon-copied from Grammercy is the Lobster Masala - a choice made with the skill of the villain's faceless henchmen shooting at, and wildly missing, the exposed hero in a bad action film. However, you can have a spectacular meal here by sticking to the following: - Kashmir Tikki: These simple patties roll the richness of paneer and the earthiness of beats into a beautiful velvet package. I love it when friends ask to try a bite - it gives me an excuse to order seconds. - Paneer Akbari - Another essential item - roasted paneer stuffed with raisins and cashews, with cheese melted atop. - Afghani Naan: An improved version of the standard sweet naan you'll find (usually stuffed with raisins), as this is also coated with honey. - Uttapam: Do not order if you are a traditionalist. Lacking the fluffiness and moistness of authentic Uttapam, this version is somewhere in-between uttapam and naan. But it's great! - Apple and Pear Raita: Typical raita, but the added citrus and crunch is a nice touch. - Shahi Paneer: Paneer strips in a rich, complex garam masala sauce. - Lamb shank marinated in rum, cashew nuts and nutmeg: Wonderful and so different, yet the vegetarian accompaniments distract. - Chicken with ginger and chili paste and the Chicken Roulade: Love the sauce coating both entrees. - Desserts: The carrot halva is amazing (not too congealed, not to sweet); though the rest of the desserts are just solid There are many more great dishes I'd recommend depending on what kinds of food you like most, but the simple rule I live by here is to order based on the sauce not on the principal protein/vegetable as the sauce is what best exemplifies the chef's creativity and drives most of the flavor. For those knocking the ambiance, I admit it looks as though it was designed in 2006; but. at least it gives you a feast worthy of such excesses.
Our favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan.  The food is always very tasty and the level of service here is hard to beat.
I will NEVER go here again!  I've been here many times and have brought family visiting from out of town several times.  Last Saturday, I had family visiting and made a reservation for 4.  At the last minute, one of the party couldn't make it.  We arrived at the restaurant on time and let the host know we were now a party of 3.  He told us he would not seat us and was completely unapologetic.  When asked several times, why he couldn't seat us, he wouldn't give us an answer and told us to wait at the bar until something opened up.  When my father (visting from out of town) asked him why he wouldn't seat us and got no answer, he asked to speak to the manager.  The host was very rude to my father and then just walked away.  We waited for over 20 minutes and when the staff made no indication that they were ever going to seat us, we left.  I understand on a Saturday night at a popular restaurant in the city that the restaurant would like to fill their tables but when 3 out of the 4 people are there, why wouldn't you seat them???  This place does not have the best Indian food in the city (by far) but I went because it's in our neighborhood and we liked the feel of the restaurant.  NEVER again!  There are many wonderful restaurants in the city that know how to treat their customers.  This place is NOT one of them.
My visit to Tamarind happened a number of years ago - it might have been 2008 or 2009 to be fair. However, I still remember the awful experience till this day. A friend and I had a few drinks and decided to order some sandwiches to go afterward. At the time, Tamarind had a take-away section located right next door to the main restaurant. So...as we approached the host to discuss their take out options, the gentleman just looked blankly at us without ever smiling or providing a greeting. The exchange or lack there of was very awkward, bordering on pathetic actually. As we proceeded to inquire about menu options at that time, the host continued on in his unwelcoming manner, as his responses were  very curt.  In fact, there was an arrogance to him that just wasn't befitting to Tamarind or any restaurant for that matter.  Its quite vexing that restaurants would hire such people like this when they have no idea how to provide service to customers. This is a "black mark" on the owner and the manager. Clearly, the host was either never properly trained or was encouraged to behave with such haughty buffoonery.
I went to Tamarind about two months ago and it was great. First I have to say that I am not the biggest fan of Indian food but I decided that I should dive in and I had heard great things about Tamarind Tribeca. I have actually been to the one on 22nd street a few years ago but I wasn't as impressed.My friend and I tried a few appetizers but nothing popped out at me. The entrees were good especially the lamb chops. They were perfectly seasoned. The desserts were alright. I did think that the service was very good and the atmosphere was nice.
Tamarind is truly a treasure.  Tonight was my second time having been there for dinner and this place makes me swoon. The food makes my head spin...especially the lamb vindaloo... and the service is so impeccable that my dinner companion captured my sentiments exactly saying, "They know what we want just the instant before we realize it". Everything about Tamarind is complete excellence.
The food is good but the management sucks.   I went on a Saturday night and was seated in the main dining room.    They chose to seat a couple with a new born baby in the CENTER of the main dining room.   The child proceeded to scream for an hour.   I asked management several times to do something about it because it was ruining a very expensive dinner.   They did NOTHING!   At the end of the dinner I asked the management how they were going to compensate me for my ruined meal.   They did NOTHING!   Not even a glass of wine or dessert.   Classless.   Needless to say I will not be returning which is a shame because I live right around the corner.
Went for lunch on Sunday for the restaurant week, the place is huge!!  The pre-fix menu did not have too many vegetarian options. Ended up ordering a-la-carte- panner appetizers and black dal, cauliflower potato, paneer kadai for main course. The paneer appetizers were interesting with some sweet raisin stuffing inside but the remaining food was just mediocre. You could get the same level of food for a $12 buffet on Curry Hill....our bill at Tamarind $80! The only up to this was that the main course portions were a good size!
Tamarind in TriBeCa is huge, there are a ton of tables so you are guaranteed a great spot. We went with a group of six who have been before and told us this seemed to be an off night. Our waiter was far from nice and seemed as if he had something better to do. The food trickled out slowly but not consistently. We were served by the asst waiter out of these small silver dishes, a bit odd....  This display took about 5 mins. Overall we left satisfied, the food was good, but nothing special. A bit expensive for what it was but I guess you pay for the ambiance? I will continue to try other Indian spots in the city, doubt I'll go back to tamarind.
Hi we went there last night to eat with my wife an shes not a big fan of indian food so her friend recommended her to go an an try there so we did.the place is absolutely amazing the decor the presentation is just wooow.here is the catch we got sat down by the lovely gentlemen followed by server greeting us to the table gave us the cocktail list.then he went an asked us about our allergies an diet restriction which my wife an i was amazed most of the place we go to they don't bother there is the one star right there.so he asked us what we like an we told him same boring thing where ever we go lol!so the server said miss you can have that next time because its always gona be on the menu but we have a tamarind special on tonight which you will not going to get it again so that was even exciting and even made it eaven more exciting was hes confident so we went with him an tried the special which was beautifully explained by the gentlemen.when the food came out it looked so beautifull an amazing which i have never had an my wife was overwhelming which made my night an the service was so good i just cant explan it you guys should defo try this an the manager was verry attentive to all the tables which you dont see these days so before i leaft i asked one of the server the server who was looking after us what was hes name an the gentelmen tould us hes name is simon so i just want to mention an say thank you so much for making my wife an my experience to tamarind wonder full an amazing an we will defo come back.
EVERYTHING was perfect. The service and the hostess/host we incredibly friendly. Restaurant ambiance was great and the decor was some of the nicest I've seen in New York. And all that is before the food, which was incredible. You won't find tastier Indian food in the city outside of this place. My vegetable appetizer (a round piece of bread stuffed with lentils & potatoes with a little spice) was incredible. Perfect flavor and the right amount of heat. And the meats (chicken/lamb) were prepared perfectly with basmati rice and naan. I would recommend this place for anyone who likes upscale dining in New York that won't leave you feeling hungry. 5 STARS!!!
Had our anniversary dinner there, the service was first class. Very attentive staff and the food came just on time. Good size portions too. The food was good, not the best Indian food I have ever had, but the atmosphere and service make up for the rest. Will come back there again.
I walk by the place 4-5 times a day so I have been very curious. I have heard mixed reviews from my neighborhood friends. As a vegetarian I thought it would be the perfect place to splurge but I was wrong. The vegie choices are pretty boring if you are only ordering one dish. The waiter was no help- he had nothing positive to say about any of the options. Finally the manager came over to help, and kindly offered to make me a thali (a platter of various vegie tastes) although it is not on the menu. That was very kind of him. Unfortunately, the thali is better at Salaam Bombay and much cheaper. Mine at Tamarind was boring. My friend ordered the goat and said it was just ok. The service was weird- no kidding, waiters came by 6 times and lifted the napkin covering our naan to see if it was an empty basket. After the 4th time we were laughing and the by 6th time we were just plain annoyed, though still laughing. We watched alot of food go by- it all looked standard to us. I didn't see anyone who looked thrilled by their plate. Its a very expensive restaurant for what it is- It was $120 for two- no drinks, no desserts. We did have two horrible appetizers- a beet pancake, ugh, and a very strange little bunt cake type thing. We were very disappointed overall- I guess the decor and fancy approach wows alot of customers, but not us.
This is our second time visiting NYC together and our 2nd time eating at Tamarind.  My husband and I love it!  The lamb vindaloo? Is very spicy and delicious! I had the chicken tandoor which is so tasty.  For sides we had spinach basmati rice and garlic naan.  So good!  We paid roughly $100 ( tip included) w/o appetizers or dessert and I had a glass of wine.  They also serve sparkling water which we had 2 bottles of.  We dressed casual but the atmosphere is def.  light swank.  The waiters give you hot towels to clean your hands before and after your meal and are very attentive in general sweeping your table free of crumbs occasionally. We were stuffed at the end of our meal and had left overs! We will return every time we visit!
Although the food is good the fact that the manager yells at his staff in front of guests is a turn off.  There is no need to humiliate your staff in front of everyone.  Will not be going back.
Ohh , how everything melts in your mouth! A high end Indian restaurant. But, so worth it!!  As Delicious and and as delicate as it gets!
My mother and I went to Tamarind for a night out during our trip to New York.  I'd never had upscale Indian food before and I recommend this place highly!  The food was amazing, you could taste each individual spice that went into the food and the meat was perfectly done.  Service was a little reserved, but efficient.  Their cocktails were very innovating and went with the food perfectly!  Ambience was beautiful.  Also, for those out of towners, it offers a great opportunity to get out and see TriBeCa.
Pricey but tasty Indian food in an well-designed, airy space in Tribeca. Good spot for a date or similar, where you're looking for a little ambiance. Ok, sure, Indian food is clearly not NYC's strength, but if you're looking for it, this is clearly one of the better options around, esp. in lower Manhattan.
I'm not a fan of indian food but food at this place is fairly americanized which i liked.  Chicken tikka masala was amazingly good.  Rice was just ok.  Service is a little too imposing. Liked the large scale of the restaurant with an open ambiance.
I had such a great experience here! The service was the best service I've ever seen at a restaurant. So attentive without being intrusive. I got a ginger and pepper drink that was unbelievable-light and fresh but also spicy. The food was great as well-small portions but filling. All the food bursts with flavor but doesn't leave you feeling heavy. A little overpriced, but between the ambiance, service and the flavors I would definitely return!
I loved the setting, the decor.  The appetizers were fabulous, especially the vegetarian options.  The lamb special for the main course was absolutely delicious.  Three out of the four of us thought our entrees were okay, not great.  The service wonderful.  I would return.  Very good food and ambiance.
Very good food--mix of traditional Indian food & more fusion type stuff. Nice scene and great decor. Service was also on point.
Great room and service.  Very open and airy.  Perfect spaces for 6 - 8 people meals.  Food is consistently well above average with atypical menu items for an Indian restaurant and strong, specific flavors.  Bar area is also better than you'd expect.
Anti-children policy.  Yes, the food and ambience is good.  We used to frequent this restaurant and had spent plenty of money there.  So, naturally, I thought for mother's day it would be a nice restaurant for our entire family (grandparents, etc.) to get together.  When I called to make a reservation for 10 adults and one infant for MOTHER'S DAY brunch, I was told we do not have high chairs or booster seats and do not permit strollers.  I asked what do people do? You don't allow children?  He said, yes our restaurant policy is not to allow children under the age of 5.  I was appalled to learn this - I can maybe even understand for dinner time perhaps but for MOTHER'S DAY BRUNCH to be told you cannot bring your child and then told there are other restaurants in Tribeca you can go to . . . I was disgusted and will probably never frequent this establishment again for the obnoxious attitude.
so good! ive never had this kind of food..but it was soo good!yummy scallops..really good spinachgood lobstervery friendly staff and good service
i could not disagree more with the earlier review. we booked 8 pm for four. i called saying we were 10 mins. late. the manager responded that he would give the table away at 8.10-8.15. we arrived at 8.16 and the table had gone, though 2 of our party had arrived at...8 pm. i approached the manager who was remarkably self-assured and rude. on calling, i'd expected him to thank me for the call and that he looked forward to seeing us. alas no. it's NY and it's saturday night - deal with it, was his message. amazing customer communications skills. six months earlier, a party of 4 went. went well until upon finishing the main course, the waiter placed the bill on the table. what about dessert? they were busy and customers were waiting! you can't make this stuff up! food remains mediocre and the place has become a hotspot for the tunnel and bridge crowd. never again.
If I had wanted formed chicken patties I would have walked to the golden arches and gotten myself some off the Dollar Menu. Absolutely terrible food. Original Tamarind is fantastic. This one gets a "C" for food and an "A" for service and decor. It will surely compete with Pranna for the weekend nightclub/lounge scene as soon as they hire a DJ
best service in entire nyc.  great food.  very busy so need to make reservations..great date spot very classy
This is a beautiful restaurant with a glamorous interior design. The ambience of this restaurant is really the highlight of dining here. The food is great too! However, I felt for the price, I would have expected a bit more. Don't get me wrong, the food is great but you can find same quality food at much cheaper Indian restaurants. So when you go to Tamarind, know that you're paying for the ambience more so than the food. Overall, I'd recommend this place and would gladly go again.
Boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner because he knows my love for Indian food. But boy, did he take me to the best Indian food spot in the city! Loved the innovative food, the flavors were ON point, n oh, the drinks were the besttt!! Go try this place!!
Quite simply one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever had the pleasure to dine in.  The rooms themselves are lovely, you're able to have a conversation without shouting, and the decor is simple and elegant.The wait staff and hosts are all gentle and friendly and know their food and sauces.But most importantly, the food is wonderful.  I can't find the words, but trust me- you'll want to try just about everything.  It's a little pricey, that's true- but every bite is worth it.
One of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to. Tamarind is a modern, yet authentic restaurant centrally located in the heart of Lower Manhattan. It is considered high-end, but there is no pressure to dress in formal attire (smart causal would do). Upon arrival, you are served a hot towel which is a first for me in the states. It is nice to wash up in the comfort of your seat before ordering these delicious dishes. You are also given the hot towel at the end of your meal before you leave. This is an example of the excellent customer service at Tamarind. We had a core team of 3-4 individuals serve us during dinner. One even helped a colleague of mine charge his phone. The menu is extensive and consisted of different regional flavors and varieties. Prices are a bit steep, but that is expected given the location, service, and amenities. I ended up going with the delicious Goat Biryani that is priced at $28 and consist of basmati rice, baby goat, and a mix of spices. Be prepared as this dish was fairly spicy, but delicious. The goat was tender, had a balance of bones and meat, and spiced perfectly to complement with the basmati rice. One of the best versions of biryani I've had! If you're craving Indian and happen to be NYC, then take a look at Tamarind Tribeca!
If you are looking, for a real Indian experience this is not the place to visit. While the ambience and service is nice, the food lacks the taste you d expect from an Indian restaurant. The food is overpriced. Id pay as much if it was good.Came here one of the evening. In contrary to my expectations, the food was not up to the mark. The meat was not cooked properly. The BBQ we order was kinda dry.
Doesn't allow kids below 6 years of age. Empty restaurant on a Sunday night, and yet stickler for their idiotic policy. Cliched Americanized menu. Found Junoon a better restaurant, than this. Hate this place! The policy is hidden in a reservation confirmation note.The denied patrons, a handicapped vet, and 2 young kids. I hope some other civilized restaurant can accommodate us, in NY
I was looking forward to eating at Tamarind after reading all the reviews.  The restaurant is very nice and the service was great.  The owner walked around to check on tables and seemed really nice.  The food unfortunately was not what I expected.  The food was plated very nicely but was missing the bold Indian flavors I was craving in my food.  If you don't like the bold flavors of Indian cuisine then you may enjoy this restaurant.
Food tastes amazing and the ambience is perfect. This is my second visit and i will be back again. The bar is congested but it's fine since it's not really a place that serves to drink rather cater food. I recommend this place to anyone who wants to try authentic indian food.
Got family in town? A nice date? Well this spot is pretty hot for that :) or shall we say spicy lol. Anyhow, I had some relatives in town visiting and wanted to take them some place that was high end yet that has Indo/Pak cuisine. That concept is rare outside of NYC, in my experience. . Tamarind hits on every note that I want in an high end Desi restaurant. Food,Ambiance,and Service.      This place is beautiful. Upon entering you see the bar to the left, noticing the nice, open spacious vibe to it. Looking around I definitely felt I was in an high end restaurant especially with the layout and how spaced out the seating felt.    On to the Service, it was awesome here. It felt like the second the host seats you , you're assigned a waiter specifically just for your dinning experience.That may sound common but I didn't feel he was working with 5 other tables. He was attentive, funny, and knowledgeable with all the menus and the chef's special menu for the day. His recommendations were appreciated and they were hits,  The Best part ? The food (with the presentation) Bhel- this was good but needed a little bit more Emli.Manchurian Cauliflower - was the chef special, never had anything like it, it was hard to believe that an all Veggie dish could taste this good.Chicken Korma- definitely was good but I don't know about great.Saag- was on pointThe vegetable dish was pretty tasty and the spices were perfect.Biryani- Tasted like home cooking, this is really rare for me. There is good food but a dish that reminds you of when you growing up with your moms cooking is out of this world. I loved it :)Tandoori Mix Grill- From presentation to taste, this was my 2nd favorite dish here. Drinks and Dessert- I had them sneak me an adult beverage or two, they were not that memorable. Mango Lassi - Loved itRasmalai- was pretty good the whole family loved it, pretty good consensus pick lolCardamom Creme Brulee- was good too just not a fan of Creme BruleeThe presentation, medley of colors, to even the way the servers put the food on to the plates felt like art.This restaurant being high end is more on the pricey side but definitively recommend it. It's an experience and it is a one of a kind type of restaurant.Can't wait to come back !
Best indian in NYC. This place is what food dreams are made of. Kind of expensive, but well worth it. Kind of fancy, but you don't have to dress up to much and you actually get to enjoy your food (and end up in a food coma). The only downside is that you have to order your rice as a side, they should just keep it coming.
Actually 3.5 but I like to support the Indian diaspora when possible.Grand maharaja- interesting, never had cardamom infused vodka. Unfortunately it's way too cardamom. They did bring me extra st Germain to try to balance it out but it still was just cardamom vodka with simple syrup. Hard pass. Ambiance- wow, looks like a upscale restaurant in India. It's kinda cool. Don't picture that as an insult as nicer restaurants in India are swank. They just have this "look". Service- great! Professional and nice. My Eastern European waitress was super sweet. And my Indian one was super sophisticated. The host at the front was also very easy on the eyes. Probably the best part of the experience after the naan.My lunch neighbors were a couple of my Indian brothers straight from the motherland. I overheard them griping that the food was subpar, so I inquired what they got their main complaint (which I find trivial) was the prix fixe items don't go well. I also heard something about chicken being bad and vegetarian dish not that great. I still went w prix fixe...Bihari murgh - The quasi Kati kebab roll thing was ok. Plated nicely, but the white meat chicken was a bit dry and had the tendon portions included. The paratha was nice and crisp without being greasyChikundari murgh - this was good, but it was really just tandoori chicken breast with red beet color on top. Nothing special. Chicken was juicy but eating cold juicy chicken breast is weird. Tawa machli (pan fried fish)Loved the crisp crust on the red snapper and the freshness of the fish, no fishy taste, firm meat, good flavor. South Indian Vegetable curryThis was cool, interesting, standard. Served cold, not sure if that's normal or not. Tomato rice- dry, seems like the common consensus of many reviewers. You could see that there were a lot of components but I just couldn't taste them. On the flipside the rice was very fluffy and none of the grains were sticky.Methi naanamazing. I couldn't really appreciate the flavor of the powdered Fenugreek, but it looked cool on top. And it was perfectly bartered. To think it was cold but despite this it was really delicious. Probably one of the best naans I ever had.I understood how my dining neighbors felt that the components didn't really go together. You're mixing dishes from the north and the south part of the country, which are cuisines that, in my opinion, are vastly different. But maybe that's a good thing, as you get to try food from different regions of the subcontinent. I think one thing that was disappointing was The lukewarm to cold temperature of the dishes served. But I was impressed that a cold naan could taste so good! Take out: Samundri JalwaLobster soup with carrots, cognac, garlic and cayenne pepper, really just tasted like some lobster and a spiced tomato soup. I couldn't appreciate the other components.JalpariBasil shrimp, bean sprouts, radish sprouts, pea shoots and micro greens, honey and ginger dressing. couldn't really appreciate the basil component of the shrimp at all. If anything it tasted like shrimp marinated in the standard  of ginger garlic paste with tumeric and lemon juice then cooked in a tandoor. Actually I looked on the menu and they substituted the shrimp from another dish they offer without informing me. The shrimp from the dish they subbed from is meant to be eaten warm. Gross. Called to try to ask for clarification but got a reservation line so emailed instead. With all this being said I'm not sure I would go back and order any of their dishes on the main menu but rather give it a try during one of the prix fixe specials.And in response to the comments of being Americanized or not spicy enough, I actually find this to be not the case. Just bc it doesn't burn you a new butthole doesn't mean it's not authentic and there's plenty of south Asians who don't like sweat-inducing spiciness. I liked the milder spice levels which allowed the flavors of the spices come through other than mouth burning heat. Then again maybe some more spice would be good given the temp of the food.
Tamarind is one of the rare Indian restaurants I have been to that serves authentic, classic Indian food in a modern and contemporary environment. For that, I automatically give 3 stars. The food is pricey, but that is expected in such a restaurant in Tribeca. Me and my dad have had Tamarind on our list of places to eat at for years, and the other weekend we finally ate here for his birthday. The experience was incredibly enjoyable; service was impeccable, the atmosphere was lively, and food was, overall, excellent. Although some of the dishes we ordered could have been more flavorful, Tamarind does a good job in pleasing the type of clientele that would eat at such a restaurant. I would come back here more for the atmosphere and service than the food, as I could probably find cheaper, more authentic food somewhere else. However, that is to be expected at such a restaurant.
One of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to.  The lamb was perfectly cooked with excellent flavors and the service was exceptional.  They have a nice selection of wines and desserts.  I will need to return to try some of the amazing items on their menu.
Expensive but worth it. Service and food about as good as one can find in this category. Specials each night and most of the standby foods but done in an epicurean way. Large wine and beer selection available. Reservation a must.
Well, I really wanted to give this place 5 stars bc if I were reviewing it while it were at its old location on 22nd, I would have. Unfortunately, our experience fell a little short. We got to the restaurant early so it was fairly empty, but we did get a decent table in the back. The service was quite good throughout the meal, however,  i I have to say they definitely short you on glasses of wine. I Should have ordered a bottle but wasn't sure two of us were in mood to drink that much. Even though the waiter brings over the bottle to the table and pours the glass that you ordered, it was clearly not a full glass. I should have said something, but let it go. Next time I will. As far as food goes, all of the dishes were pretty good. Our appetizers were excellent. We got the cauliflower special, which as far as I'm concerned, might as well be on the menu because it has been a special for 8 years. But needless to say, I am glad they still make it. It is comprised of lightly battered cauliflower smothered in a spicy red sauce full of traditional Indian flavors. We also got the vegetable samosas. They were also quite good. Vegetarians and meat eaters alike would like these two choices, and while there are plenty of meat dishes to share, these two are a nice introduction to the meal. For the main, we both got the chicken korma, which was chicken cooked in a creamy saffron sauce.  In addition we shared garlic naan and the tamarind rice. Both were quite tasty. While the mains come with a basic rice dish, it is worth taking a glance over the various rice and naan options because they really compliment the meal. My only quip with the main meal was that I had a few pieces of very hard, chewy chicken. That always grosses me out, as if they give you pieces of the fat but otherwise I enjoyed the meal. Overall, the food we got was good, not as good as I remember, but still very flavorful. The service was on point, and the ambiance was very nice. If your looking for a high end, but still fairly traditional Indian meal, tamarind is a good option.
I love fancy places, I love indian food. This place is the best of both worlds. Only complaint is that I noticed the size of the martini glasses shrink. Thats not a good thing.
Came in over the weekend for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that they had a lunch menu price fixe that was quite reasonable. Their drinks are delicious so definitely try them! On the lunch menu, I had the prawns which were delicious. The lamb gosht was a little spicy was delicious. Others had the chicken and they all said that it was fantastic! For dessert, everyone had the kulfi and it was really great. We had the samosas off the a la carte menu and it was worth it! Definitely get those if you can. We will be back to try the a la carte menu next time. It's a little pricey but worth coming for the quality and taste!
This place has the most amazing Indian food ever . The ambience is just perfect . A must try is the goat curry , Biryani and keema !
The venison chops were absolutely ridiculously indulgent and amazing if you love game meat. Excellent food. A bit pricy!
The food here is edible but very salty and certainly not worth the rather high price.  Generally at a restaurant in this price-range I would expect more nuanced flavors and less reliance on salt.  If I wanted salty Indian food I could have gone to Doaba Deli on Columbus which serves roughly the same caliber of food at a tiny fraction of the price albeit without the fancy window dressing.  I will not be returning and am still on the lookout for a regular spot for Indian in Manhattan.
We went here for a late lunch. The customer service was the best I've experienced in a long time. They were attentive, quick and eager to help with any request or accommodations. There staff is one of the best. We ordered a lunch special, chicken kebabs and a few other dishes. Every single dish was prepared with amazing flavors. Nothing was overly saturated in oils and spices. You get subtle hints of different flavors that compliment every other flavor in the dish. Chicken was cooked to perfection and absolutely juicy, tender and flavorful. If you are in the area, or just want amazing Indian food with a modern twist then you have to visit this place. Their food is by far the best Indian food I've ever had.
Outstanding Indian meal, beautiful decor and great service.  This is one one of the top Indian restaurants that I've eaten at, anywhere in the world.  Delicious meats, amazing saag paneer, creamy raita, chewy garlic naan, fine wines at reasonable prices -- what a treat!
Easily the best Indian food I have ever had. Two of us came for a Thursday night dinner ~8pm. Food gets a 5 but the review is a 4.5 from a slightly pushy waiter. Atmosphere is classy yet comfortable and service is very very attentive and upscale. There are complimentary spinach pastries to start. We split the murg malai kebabs (chicken) and veggie samosas to start. The chicken was extremely tender and flavorful. The samosas were perfectly crispy and well seasoned. For an entree, we split the lamb vindaloo, which had a spicy kick to it with rice on the side. We each got a cocktail to start as well  - ginger and pepper martini as well as the tamarind margarita to start. Can't wait to be back here!!
The food is good. Amongst the better Indian cuisines I have tasted NY. But... they charged us $5 per person to allow us cut my own birthday cake which we came in with, which I thought was cheap! Doesn't look good on a restaurant of this stature.
Exceeded expectations. Had the lunch prix fixe and whole experince was first rate incl service and atmosphere. Did not feel rushed and thoroughly enjoyed our leisurely lunch there
Best Indian meal I have had in the US.  Halibut and lobster were unreal.  Service is off the charts.  Been back three and all of my guests have loved it.
My co-worker recommended Indian food after a long, seemingly endless night of work. Needless to say, this idea did not sit well with me. After countless back and forth offers and counteroffers (for venue), we consulted with other employees who gave their input for places to try. After 30 minutes of intensive debate in a team room, I reluctantly agreed, and set off on our journey for Indian food - at Tamarind.(Disclaimer: Now, as Yelpers, you can see (or should know) that I rarely, if ever, hand out 5 star reviews but when I do ... you can guarantee something was right with the restaurant!)As we approached the restaurant, my eyes shifted from end to end, pondering the level of Tamarind on a Yelp scale. I opted to Yelp first, Google second. W-O-W. Tamarind was a former Michelin Star holder, a highly rated restaurant on Yelp, and from the looks of the packed patrons, long queue of hungry food go-ers, and interior (employees and decor) - this was going to be an amazing venue.The service was phenomenal. My colleague and I decided that, since we were in the 'Big Time,' it would only be appropriate for the two fellas to go 'all out.' Our food (in the order they came out) went from.....Chicken nan - fluffy, light, and filled with chicken, these delectable delights came with a side of Indian 'goat cheese'? Nevertheless, delicious!Tamarind scallops - pan-seared, turmeric, garam masala, poppy seeds, lemon juice - these had a bit of a kick but were ab-so-LUTELY perfect. From the cooking technique, to the quality itself. Wow.Nizami keema - ground lamb, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lemon zest, and nan pao! This dish was beautiful crafted, and held a tantalizing dance once consumed. Delicious.The main entree, tamarind mix grill! Comprised of lamb chops, shrimp, tandoori chicken, tulsi kabab, Punjabi tikhe, and black lentils. The dish also came with additional, hot and fluffy nan. After consuming the amount of nan, and the delicious preceding dishes - I almost tapped out!..... ALMOST.All in all, this restaurant is definitely in a worthy league of a Michelin Star. It's unfortunate they didn't retain the star, because everything was absolutely phenomenal. Bravo!
FANTASTIC!!I don't do man five star reviews, but this place deserves it.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass and it was hands down the best fish I have ever had.It had a white sauce of some sort on it and it was amazing.Great environment, very classy - servers were very attentive, although it was 2:00 in the afternoon.  Nonetheless it was absolutely delightful.
I've been looking forward to trying Tamarind Tribeca for some time now...and finally had a chance to go for dinner last night. Unfortunately this restaurant was quite disappointing.Let's start off with the good: the ambiance and decor are great. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, open and airy. Everything else is pretty much downhill from there.Service: Not on par with a restaurant of this caliber. Our server took our order and we didn't see him again until he asked if wanted dessert. He didn't bother to let us know there were specials (I only found out when I heard him telling an adjacent table). He asked if we had dietary restrictions but wasn't very accommodating when I asked if they could just hold the yogurt off one of the appetizers. Maybe he was just having a bad day, who knows?Food: Overall disappointing. -- Chili crab - didn't taste very fresh...I wouldn't recommend this dish.-- Tamarind Scallops - the best thing I had all night! Beautiful presentation.-- Seekh Kabob - my brother ate this entire dish so I assume he liked it. I can't comment as I don't eat lamb.-- Chicken Biryani - again I don't eat meat but didn't hear any complaints from my brother.-- Chana Pindi - After one bite of this dish my mouth was on fire...I simply couldn't eat it. Had the dish contained pomegranates (as indicated on the menu) the spice factor probably would have been manageable. Since our waiter was nowhere to be found I couldn't do anything until the end of the meal, when he offered to remake the dish at a mild spice level. At that point we were done so I declined. He didn't take this $20 dish off the bill though, which would have been the right thing to do as it would inedible.I read that Tamarind Tribeca no longer has a Michelin star. I wouldn't be surprised if this is true because I can experience better food and better service, with far more reasonable price points, at about a dozen Indian restaurants in the city. I won't be returning.
Large and spacious, this restaurant makes you realize that not all Indian is found in tiny corner delis turned into restaurants in Curry Hill. At Tamarind you'll get more than authentic food and leg room, you'll get A+ service and perfectly played entrees when you share. The number one crowd pleaser among our group was a variation of ground lamb burgers. Everyone was wishing for more of that!
I been meaning to go to tamarind for the past few years but never had the chance. It's an easy walk from the 1 train in TriBeCa. The decor isn't that glamorous, white linen table dining for North Indian food.Food: Enjoyable food with good flavors. We ordered the jumbo shrimp appetizer. It had some cadaman in it which added taste and wasn't overpowering. Chicken tikka was Good, decent size portion My husband got the special lamb dish which was better but way overpriced. The best thing on the menu was the mushroom and truffle oil naan. Unfortunately none of the entrees include rice, you have to get the rice and naan bread separately. Service: Great, our waiter was attentive and checked in on us wo being overbearing. We got our cocktails soon after we sat down and they refilled our water often which is one of my pet peeves!! Perhaps it was because it was still early and the restaurant wasn't super busy yet. Overall , my husband and I were glad we went to see what it was all about given the one Michelin star. However, if your are only in town for a few days there are better restaurants to spend your money and better Indian places for far less $. Take myAdvice or not, I'm only an Indian who's eaten out at hundreds of Indian restaurants around the world .
I went there 3 times,i think till now its my favorite indian restaurant.the place is classy and beautiful.the service is amazing and the good delivious!!
Couple of times i ate here the food was good and so was the service... the food is not too spicy!!
Would have been higher if they hadn't been shady with the bill. We're made to pay for a cake we hadn't asked for - usually birthday treats are complimentary and if they're not, a restaurant will let you know. Neither of these things happened. Food was good otherwise though not deserving of the prices. Dal Makhani was delicious. Skip the Dum Aloo Gobi.
Nice fancy Indian which I rather be in jackson heights eating the real deal, but this place was good and they had an interesting menu, also had chimay so ++
ZERO STARS for manager? in suit5 * head waiter wearing turban5 * for our waitress Irina and all servers I called to make a reservation last night and was told to walk in. Well, we were treated like walk-ins and given a seat at the first table in the bottom section of the restaurant. Within the first five minutes my chair had been bumped into by two servers and three patrons. I asked the very kind gentleman in the turban if we could be seated at the empty table across from us. He spoke to the manager who told him it was for a reservation and within earshot of me and in a frustrated voice said "where does she want to sit??"Thankfully, we were finally seated upstairs for a much much better experience. I've been going to Tamarind for over a decade at this location in the original. Food is still amazing I had the malai fish for the first time which was outstanding and the lotus root Kofta which always delivers. The waitstaff continues to be superb and warm. Management should learn from them.
Great venue very plush, the food is well balanced and tasty the portions are a little on the large side if your having a starter,by the end of the meal you know you've been fed as we felt so full.The service is also very good and owner was on hand greeting and meeting when we arrived which is a nice touch,the experience was very nice the only complaint I have if you can call it a complaint !!!! is well expensive for what is curry and rice well presented and show cased on nice plates.i had the scallop's which were fantastic and the the lamb shank which was a task to finish but very tasty my wife had the spinach cakes for a starter then the chicken tikka which was nice but a little powdery tasting but all in all worth a try.
Came here for a dinner date and was a bit leary of how fancy it was... Usually Indian restaurants with white take cloths are already a red flag but this was very elegant. We had a reservation for 8:30pm but waited at the bar until the table was available.   When we were seated we were served a small potato appetizer.   The menu had so many delicious choices I didn't even know where to start.   Our waiter made some awesome reco's for us. We started with the bataki kosha which was like an Indian style giant duck egg roll.   To me, this dish was pretty good but not spicy or juicy.   The other starter was the shrimp in coconut sauce kolambi pola.   The sauce was delicious. For entrees we got the lamb chops and a white creamy chicken dish (can't remember which one it was).  Both were delicious.  Overall service was very strong, food was flavorful and filling, decor was lovely.  I would give this place a 4.5 star, really excellent experience, can't wait to go back.
I went here on a laid back Sunday afternoon 8-13-17. I tried their restaurant week menu. The food was alright. The appetizer was good it was crab. The entree however was all just one note flavor in terms of taste. I just felt my tongue burn a little from the fish and that was all there were really no distinct flavors at all. I was perplexed because Indian food has such bold flavors.The naan bread was delicious that had flavor. My dessert tasted like cardboard an old stale flavor. It was blackberry cake. The establishment was beautiful, nice decor,  professional staff . However I have eaten better Indian food.
Had to celebrate another money making holiday....Valentine's Day. We've been planning a date night at Tamarind but put it off as I don't see myself spending $30 for chicken tikka masala....So the occasion forced me to make a reservation . We arrived 10 mins late but the restaurant was accommodating and set us up right away. While I did request a second level seating we were placed on the ground floor....busy night so I understand. Our table on the other hand was a bit loopy so I asked the manager to handle, which he advised a waitstaff who totally forgot. That being said the manger did come back and asked if the issue was fixed and upon me saying no he quickly scolded the staff. Reminded me of India and how the lower class of treated by the upper....it's a shame. Appreciate the follow-up which put me in the right mood again. The waiter Godfrey provided us ample time to sit relax and review the menu. We ordered papri chat which frankly I have had so much better at the local veg restaurant surrounding the tri-state. Nothing to rave about and defiantly not worth $10. For the main course we ordered some biryani and lamb dish, again nothing to rave about. Don't know if I would even recommend for a special occasion and far better places especially in NYC.
My prior lunch review of Tamarind was more than enough to raise eyebrows from several experts of Indian cuisine [1], followed shortly by a promise to return for dinner, where I would not be cluelessly ordering from the menu. Thus, reservations for an early Friday evening dinner were set, and my two dining companions and I were promptly led to the second floor of the dining room once we'd all arrived.The selection of dishes was (thankfully) not in my hands this time, so the shared plates were quickly decided on and confirmed with our waiter. A starting amuse of a puffed pastry with a yogurt dipping sauce was a promising, well-spiced bite, a perfect segue to our two appetizers. The Bhel Poori was one of the more creative plates, composed of assorted fried noodles and crisps held together by a variety of chutneys. It was a successful take on a street food that originated near the beaches of Bombay, incorporating a variety of textures and balanced the savory and sweet flavors surprisingly well. I have to say my preference went with the Nizami Keema, however, an appetizer that plated a mixture of ground lamb and various spices (cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and lemon zest) on a circular Nan Pao, a voluminous doughy-pancake.From our entrees, the Lamb Vindaloo was a clear stand-out. Although portioned as a smaller entree, the chunks of lamb and roasted potatoes were perfectly paired with the vindaloo sauce, which only increased on spice with each passing bite. The protein was tender, not too gamey, and the additional orders of basmati rice and naan were much appreciated to make good use of the sauce. Our table also had an order of an off-menu vegetarian dish, which I believe was an Aloo Fry, consisting of lightly fried potatoes with a variety of spices and herbs.The desserts aren't the feature of the menu, but an order of the Kulfi, a dense, milky iteration of ice cream, makes for a solid ending bite. If you're seeking some respite from the fiery bites from earlier, an order of the Mango Lassi to accompany your meal might make for a better solution, however.It's a little disappoining to see Tamarind off the 2015 list of Michelin stars, as the mix of traditional "fine dining" cuisines and ethnic cuisines has stayed rather stagnant. Regardless of what a group of unnamed inspectors think, Tamarind does a commendable job of taking Indian cuisine and serving it in a white tablecloth environment, all without compromising the integrity of the original dishes.--[1] Please see: Srini V. and Atif I.
Nice place but the food is nothing so exceptional that worth while the deplacement there. Waitress was a bit rude and very slow in taking the order despite we asked her twice for the  menu. We had chicken tikka massala and honestly we were expectibg something expcetionL but it was common taste. The rice was nothing soecial either. Nan was ok.So probably will not return when I want Indian food.
I love Indian food, and have gone to my fair share of restaurants. But, oddly enough, I had yet to visit Tamarind. Well, I finally made it, better late than never, right? So, I was off to experience Tamarind in TriBeCa as part of my Michelin Challenge.You enter into a grand space, open, airy, light and pretty magnificent. There's plenty of space in between tables, which, is pretty uncharacteristic of NYC dining rooms with space always being an issue. There's also a wall of booth seating, almost like individual cabanas.The service here is impeccable, and no detail is left off. You're brought an amuse bouche, we received an Onion Fritter (with green chutney). This was delicious, and unlike the name might infer, it was not greasy or heavy at all. It was light, soft, with pieces of of sweet onion throughout. The chutney was a perfect compliment as well, adding a slight bit of heat to the mild and sweet fritter.They offer a prix fixe lunch menu for just $25, which, is a total steal with the amount of food you receive and the quality. For my appetizer, I ordered the Kashmiri Salad (apple, celery, mix greens, walnuts, mustard-vinaigrette dressing). This was such an amazing salad, and I was pleasantly surprised at the generous portion (the plate in the photo is huge, for the record). The apples were fresh, tart, and thickly cut. All of the flavors went really nicely together here, and, the mustard-vinaigrette dressing was a great contrast to the sweetness of the other components.For your entree, you choose two main items. I chose Kasundi Macher (salmon in tandoor, yogurt, kasundi mustard, tandoori spices) and Kaddhu Ke Kofte (green squash, chili, gram flour, roasted onions, creamy tomato sauce). These. Were. Both. Amazing. The salmon was soft, juicy, and topped with a hot mustard, giving it a very unique and dynamic flavor. The Kaddhu Ke Kofte, similar to a hush puppy consistency, was really delicious. Similar to the Onion Fritter, this was substantial, but not overly heavy or greasy. And the sauce was incredible, spicy and savory, and I used it to mix in with the rice you also get. For the table, you also receive Naan and the vegetable of the day, which was Chickpeas and Potatoes. The naan was like a dream, pillowy and soft. And the vegetables were served similar to a stew, in a sort of vegetable gravy, a little bit sweet, a little savory, and very tasty.Lastly, for dessert, I ordered the Mango Rice Pudding. I really loved this, it was different from any other rice pudding I've had before. It's served hot, and almost more of a thick soup consistency versus the more congealed version. The rice is tender and almost melts in your mouth, and the the creamy mango flavor really comes through nicely.
We had a great experience at Tamarind. A perfect place for date night or even with friends. The food is eclectic but they also have traditional dishes that we all love. It isn't like a lot of the new restaurants where you feel underwhelmed. I highly recommend Tamarind for any taste bud.
A Michelin star at an Indian restaurant is definitely a step up from a Michelin star at a Chinese restaurant (ahem Lan Sheng) at least in terms of decor. I came with a group of engineers and we were definitely the most under-dressed party of the night. Getting a table is fairly easy. We made a reservation for 7 on OpenTable and there were many time slots open.My Indian friend ordered family style for us, so we were able to try a variety of dishes, all of which were well-liked by the group. To start off we were served a complimentary appetizer of puff pastry with a tomato, ricotta filling, plus other ingredients I didn't catch as the waiter listed them out. The puffs for some reason also had a taste of apples which made for an interesting flavor profile.Appetizers:Dahi Aloo Puri - This reminds me of papri chaat. Basically consists of wheat crisps, chickpeas, and potatoes covered in yogurt and a tangy tamarind chutney. I'm not sure how authentic it was, but I thought it was a nice appetizer/sanck to start as it made me more hungry.Aloo Tikkiyas - Consists of a potato patty, like mashed potato cakes but better because of the flavorful Indian spices.Veg Samosas -  crispy skin, potato-filled with delicious chutneys. no better or worse than any other samosa I've had Non-Veg EntreesShrimp Caldin - The large pieces of shrimp were marinated in a delicious coconut curry sauce. The flavors of this dish were very well conceived. I wouldn't have guessed this was an Indian dish if I wasn't in an Indian restaurant. Punjabi Tikhe Kabab - I've always liked the veg Indian dishes better than meat ones, and this attests to that. The chicken was on the dry side and despite the description of being marinated in yogurt, roasted whole spices, jalapenos, ginger, garlic, I didn't get too many of those flavors. It did taste on the healthier, less fatty side though.Dal Makhni - I normally would not have ordered this given dal seems to be one of the more common dishes served in Indian restaurants, but I'm glad my friend did. Really robust flavor. Definitely a high end dal.Paneer Lababdar - I'm a big fan of paneer dishes, so it's a given I would like this one. Very similar to this dish called Paneer Bhurji, except in the Bhurji the paneer is shredded instead of in chunks.  I've had in other Indian restaurants, except a little lighter in flavor.Basket of Naan - Our basket consisted of the nan e tamarind (Bread filled with dry fruits, nuts, raisins), pudina parantha (Mint flavored oven-baked bread, butter glaze), garlic naan. Definitely the most interesting naan I have tasted. I loved the herbed mint parantha the best. The tamarind naan had an interesting sweet taste to it. All of the dishes are all rather small in size, so don't hesitate to order more, but you can also supplement it by ordering more of their delicious naan or a bowl of rice.
Exquisite dining place with exquisite food. We ordered scallops and king prawns for appetizers. Scallops were cooked to perfection and shrimps had an amazing tomato sauce to compliment the dish! Service was 5 start! Pleasant and prompt! Worth every penny!
Amazing service from the moment you walk in till you leave. Food was lovely. Warm towel prior to the meal and after. The margarita is strong. Definitely will recommend to friends.
Authentic food served beautifully! I loved the decor of this restaurant. Pretty plates, pretty orchids, pretty glassware, everything pretty including the people.  We ordered the shrimp tandoor oh my heavens so tasty. The vindaloo cold be spicier. The naan light and fluffy and seasoned perfectly.  The eggplant dish was flavorful and was everything else.  Dessert and tea choices were abundant.  Loved it all!!!!
This is probably the best Indian food you'll ever have.  Service was superb and atmosphere great.  We had a party of 4 and tried many dishes, fish, lamb, goat and veggie .  All were great and the sauces something else.   Wine was also good and not over priced. It is expensive but compared to everywhere else I've been in the area it's good value for the dollar.  Not a tourist trap.
This is my first visit to New York City and, based on my dining experience at Tamarind alone, I would seriously consider living here. The ambiance is absolutely beautiful. The restaurant is two stories, with the second floor feeling like a high rise penthouse overlooking TriBeCa. It can get loud as the evening goes on, but the entire restaurant and its decorations are so beautiful, you don't mind. I loved the glass walls that let you look down onto the first floor, and how open the entire floor plan was. We began our meal with the vegetable samosas, as well as the grilled shrimp. Our waiter, Gullu (who I will rave on later), recommended the shrimp as well as the plain nan, emphasizing how the plain bread better let you enjoy the shrimp. And let me tell you, he was RIGHT. The samosas were crispy and flavorful with a good hint of spice amongst the pea and potato. Really, though, the shrimp was the star. It was marked as the appetizer special of the evening, and special doesn't even begin to cover it. These shrimp were the size of a baby's arms, and perfectly cooked- not too well done despite the rich char on the outside. The sauce was sweet without being cloying, and it was the best shrimp I've had in a long time. For the three people dining, we each tried different things. The Tulsi Malai kebabs were delightful- again, that perfect balance of tender meat and char knocked my socks off. The kebabs are white meat, and yet lose no flavor or tenderness for being from the breast. Whether you're just venturing into Indian food or are a long time fan, this is a great call.A different dish for the group was Malai Halibut, and it was a surprising favorite. The mace in the sauce added an element of sweetness, but the spice medley worked perfectly together. The halibut was tender and delicate- not rubbery at all- and practically melted in your mouth. Rarely do I order fish dishes when I could get meat, but this is one I would definitely eat again.The third and final dish of the evening was the Tandoori mixed grill. It boasted a mix of all the finest tandoori treasures, and it certainly lived up to its claim. I myself got a taste at the tulsi malai chicken, which was divine. The shrimp, here served without the sauce, were stellar on their own. The crispness of the grill and the wonderful texture were out of this world. But the real star of the show was the lamb. If I return, I would opt to order just the lamb so I could enjoy more of it. Beautifully cooked, richly seasoned. It's hours later now and I'm still drooling over it. The lambchop was tender to the point it barely needed cutting, with just the right blend of fat to meat to bring in the rich flavors with excellent texture. If I could live off of one food and one food alone for the rest of my life, it would be lamb chops at tandoori. Please send a chef down to Texas so I can revel in this food more often. I need lamb of this caliber in my life. As a means to try some of everything, since we're from Texas and aren't sure when we'll be back, we also ordered the Saag Paneer. I've had Indian food where the paneer barely holds itself together and the texture is altogether lacking, or a bite leaves your mouth watery. Not this paneer, though. Tamarind's paneer is perfectly cooked to a silky texture with no unpleasant runoff, embedded in a wonderfully spicy bed of spinach. Absolutely heavenly. It's wonderful to know people can still properly spice paneer without it being sad and runny, and Tamarind is proof of that.Just as important as the food was our waiter, Gullu. He was friendly from the moment we sat down, joking with everyone at the table and smiling more genuinely than anyone else I'd seen in New York. He was more than happy to answer our silly questions, and basically lit up like a Christmas tree when asked for his recommendations. His reasoning for all suggestions was perfect- mild rice and nan to match the strong flavors of the meal and enhance them, rather than overwhelming what we were eating. He took care of everyone at the table, and was eager to see what we thought of the food and his suggestions. Everything we needed was taken care of quickly and easily, and he didn't laugh at my terrible mispronunciation of half of the dishes. Gullu was a GEM. If you eat at Tamarind, get him as your waiter! Gullu won't steer you wrong.And definitely get the mango lassi. It's a small indulgence, but the yogurt and mango blend so perfectly together. Trust me. It's delicious.If I had to pick a final meal, it would definitely be here, with Gullu helping me pick what to eat. This experience was nothing short of perfect, and I'm already saving up money to come back to New York and eat at Tamarind and see Gullu again.You MUST go here. It's just not optional.
Actually 4.5 (considering the fact that it is not the best ambience for 1 michelin star though the food makes it 5stara). I think his is hands down the best indian food I have had in a restaurant. I always dislike indian restaurants but had heard so much about tamarind so had to give it a shot. We got the raj kachori and hara bhara kabab for appetizers. The kabab was absolutely delicious and melt in the mouth. For the main course, we got the kofta (lotus root kofta) and paneer and lamb vindaloo. The lamb vindaloo was out of the world (as reviewed by people who ate it). I thought they were he bestmade koftas i had, the perfect texture.A surprising twist was the truffle naan, i wanted to try it but was skeptical about clashing flavors. However I would say it went really well with all the food. Tamarind margharita was good, nice balance of sweet and sour and gave a really good kick later on ;). Would definitely return to try the white chocolate and fennel dessert.
My how this place has deteriorated. There are far better Indian restaurants in New York City and Tamarind is resting on its laurels. I used to be the biggest fan of this place and have been going countless times since its opening in 2010 but the memories of my experiences over the last few visits will ensure that I will never return. A recent experience prompted me to come on Yelp and write this review. I don't see Tamarind regaining its Michelin star and rightfully so. For instance, the amuse-bouche was a store bought samosa in the freezer aisle of any Indian store that nearly every Indian family is familiar with (Deep Cocktail Samosas). It's the equivalent of Del Posto serving you Totinos Pizza Rolls. The fact that they served this just signals pure laziness. A restaurant of this quality and price point should demand better of itself and deliver better quality to its patrons. The Aloo Tikki was also bland and probably frozen too. If they are adamant on using store bought items then I can suggest better brands. Come on guys, how can you mess up pan fried potatoes? The worst part was a Thali (platter filled with various small bowls) for $32 that my dad ordered. He could not eat one of the items in the Thali and the waiter refused to substitute it out. The restaurant has so many vegetarian dishes and we were just asking for a very simple substitution. This wasn't even one of those dishes where you have to appreciate what is collectively on the plate, respect the chef's vision, and eat the dish as it is intended. For $32, it is okay to substitute. Not like we were asking to substitute with lobster. He simply wanted another lentil dish. Tamarind has just stopped trying. The ambiance is the only virtue. All style and no substance.
Best Indian food I've had. Yes, it's pricey but I didn't find it to be too outrageous considering the quality and ambiance.We came here for my friend's birthday, who is a huge fan of anything that sets his mouth ablaze, so naturally Indian was the first thing to come to mind. His wife and daughter, however, are complete opposites and they aren't into Indian food... Until they came here!They ordered the things they were most familiar with; Chicken Tikka Masala and Tandoori Chicken. Both were well executed but for me the best way to go here is the stuff I've never seen before like the Lamb Pasanda with apricots, which was a real treat, or the incredible Masala Gosht my friend ordered. As for my fire breathing friend, he ordered the Murg Kohlapuri and asked that they kick up the spiciness to suit his tastes, which they certainly did!Along with the appetizers and deserts, the bill was reasonable especially considering this was a formally Michelin Star rated establishment. Why they lost the star I don't know, maybe consistency issues? Seems that way going by the Yelp reviews, but I always take into account that Yelpers can be a fickle crowd to please especially in a town full of so many great choices.Whatever the case, I'm sure I'll be returning on a return trip to the city I love.
The food is just great, I have no words!! The service was pretty good and the staff were so attentive. Would definitely go back
Very good food, probably the best Indian food in Manhattan. Bataki kosha and the milagu curry were both excellent. Service was merely OK: I made reservations specifying we were a birthday party and that we preferred to be seated upstairs, but when we arrived I had to mention this several times to the hosts and waiters.
Food is good ambience is awesome. If you are looking for high end Indian restaurant with good food then you should hit this place.
Tamarind serves yummy Indian food in Tribeca. Great spot for a nice dinner and work dinner events. I came with a group of 10 people for a work dinner. Our appetizer was a plate (for each person) with a variety of different foods. There were two types - one for vegetarians and one with meat. For the main course, We ate family-style, so one person in our group ordered a bunch of different dishes to be shared with the table. We really enjoyed the food and the service. Tamarind is a big restaurant, so it is great for big groups, but it can get very loud here. We had a hard time hearing people on the other side of the table.
Upscale indian restaurant with a great vibe and ambiance.Food is average though. We ordered paneer curry , chicken tikka masala and goat curry. Chicken and paneer dish were average but their goat curry deserves a mention.It was simply delicious. Very well cooked and flavorful! The only reason I probably would go back would be for this goat curry!Food is not very spicy and they have some interesting cocktail collection as well
Probably the best Indian food I've ever had. Very elaborate ambiance and excellent service. Quite pricey but you get what you pay for. Will definitely return.
We are regular customers of Tamarind and think it is the best food in Manhattan.  I was prompted to write this review because our service provided by Connie and Alvin yesterday evening was impeccable. Our glasses were never empty and the were attentive in every way possible. They are an asset to this establishment.
We had an excellent dining experience. We received a warm welcome upon arrival and were seated immediately. We started with some sort of free app which was very good. Its was a flaky pastry with a yogurt dipping sauce.We are new to indian food so the server was very helpful in making the appropriate selections.We decided on chilean sea bass, tandori mixed grill and two appetizers that I can really name. One was a huge stuffed pasty with seafood and mashed chickpeas and the other was basically chicken breast skewers with something that resembles bbq sauce. All our choices were excellent. This was an excellent choice and im glad we decided to try something different. I doubt it will be our new favorite cuisine but it was definitely an amazing dining experience. I will warn that this place is  expensive. With 1 drink each and apps it came to about $100 pp with tip.
You truly can't go wrong with anything on the menu, I usually pick a few sections (seafood, app, etc.) and have the waiter surprise me. If it wasn't so expensive, I would come here all the time.
Exceptional haute Indian  cuisine in a delightful dining area of expansive space and at same time of intimacy.The food is not only richly Indian with tikka masalas, biryani, tandoori and other delightfully fragrant dishes, it is beautifully plated.Corine was our server and knowledgable in all areas to suggest and guide.We opted for a wonderful rose veuve clicquot and skipped the amazing desserts instead sharing 4 appetizers and 3 mains along with garlic naan and basmati. I could not finish my Dahl nor could my daughter her tikka masala but my eldest polished off her sea bass without a pause.I come here often as the place attracts me magnetically.
Previously, my experience with Indian cuisine was limited to take-out options, and maybe 1 or 2 middle-of-the-road restaurants. Tamarind was my first "high end" Indian food restaurant. The service was impeccable, but the food was on par with my previous experiences. To be fair, I should have gotten a special. Instead, I got a chicken tikka masala, because I hadn't been feeling well and figured I should stick with something simple. While the chicken was tender, it was not head and shoulders above the cheaper Indian places I have tried. My boyfriend got the lamb shank special, and his was amaaaazing. The meat was cooked to perfection. We also got samosas to start--they were also standard. The plating was very nice--3 samosas per order, with two sauces and some garnish. For the main entrees, the waiters delivered the dishes, and then served us each a portion. I thought it was a nice touch.The atmosphere is probably one of Tamarind's best features. The space is open, and the servers are courteous. We were walk-ins, and there was no wait at 630pm. I was allowed to sit at the table to wait for my date, and they offered me plenty of time to look at the menu. Their cocktails are great--I recommend their Tamarind Margarita. Drinks were pretty strong, also, so you get your money's worth. The decor of the Tribeca location is gorgeous--it fits right in with the chic neighborhood, and the liberal use of modern fixtures lends to the feeling of luxury dining. Overall, I thought it was a fine place to have dinner, but I would say to stick with the specials and more unusual dishes, rather than the cliche dishes.
While staying in Tribeca, we decided to stay local rather than go back uptown to Spice Symphony and wait.  The only thing redeeming about Tamarind was it was well decorated.  The food and service was lacking.  My Kaddu Nariyal was completely smooth and a little flat.  It was the best dish of the evening.  The Mulligatawny Soup was bitter and almost inedible.  The Chicken Tikka Masala had good flavor that was wasted by tough, dried out chicken.  The Lamb Vindaloo was also dried out and uninspired.  The servers just didn't seem to care about us.  It took 3 tries to get lemon for the water.  We wanted to add Laccha Paratha after the entree but could not get a waitperson to come by,  When we were ready to go, we waited 10 minutes to find someone and then gave up.  I paid with the OpenTable app, but we were confused.  We didn't know if we needed to connect with the waiter.  After another 5 minutes, we just left knowing we had a confirmation they'd been paid.
One of the best meals I've had in a long time and certainly the best Indian food I've had in the city. Went with a couple friends for an early dinner before going to a show uptown. We ordered the Dahi Aloo Poori, ALOO TIKKIYAS (spicy potato cakes), KOLAMBI POLA (prawns), and the BATAKI KOSHA (duck in crispy crepe).  Everything was amazing, especially the duck crepe and prawns.  Delicous.  They even let us know  when there were only 2 of a certain appetizers so we could get a third one so all of us could partake.  For my main I ordered MURG LAJAWAB which is chicken in a tomato based sauce, whole weat naan, and basmalti rice for the table.  It was divine. PS the lychee martins are delicious.
Tamarind. You fancy. But that's OK because you're still also delicious minus not having to deal with curry-imbued clothing after dinner. Things to go for:-Tamarind rice (pass on the lemon rice, this is so much better)-Truffle naan-Plain pratha-Pretty much all the chicken curries-Samosas-Fresh pineapple sorbet - YUMThe little extra touches and attention to detail make this place stand out: lemongrass hot towels, thank you cards on your leftover pack up, extra friendly service. And they're open late :)
This is really an amazing restaurant. Amazing decoration, delicious food with great service. The food is really expensive but it's worth it. I especially liked their dessert - gajarela
Yesterday night we went to Tamarind to celebrate my sister's engagement with her future in-laws and some friends. The space as always was beautiful. When entering the table appeared a little cramped in the corner which they rectified by adding another table. The appetizers were served for each individual on their own plate both vegetarian and non-veg options which is a lot better than passing around dishes and making sure everyone got to try everything. The meat was not piping hot which I would've enjoyed. The drinks were delicious! I had the mango cosmo and tikhi margarita. Both were not overly sweet. The lamb chop was as big as my face and I loved it. Tender and flavorful. The eggplant (Bhaigan) is nutty and flavorful. The chickpeas were nothing special. Always enjoy this restaurant, great for groups.
Had another great meal here on Christmas. The space is gorgeous and the service, food and drinks are always impeccable.
Greeting- NoVibe- Modern sterility Prices- high Bathrooms- pass 5 nice individual unitsParking - streetService- very goodWine list - okFoodNan is king here. Rosemary , mushroom truffle and sweet tamarind paste $8 eaScallops were dry as a bone. Over cooked and rubberyVenison chops were horrid. Mushy texture. Awful and inedible to the trained palateChocolate cake was a messWIGB? No way
After a recommendation from my colleague, my husband and I decided to have my birthday dinner here. At first glance the restaurant looks great. Wonderful ambiance, high ceilings, dim lighting, white tablecloths, and a full bar. We ordered *tamarind margaritas* as we waited for our table and they were definitely an innovative Indian spin on margaritas. It tasted good, but combination of tamarind and tequila ended up being unsettling on my stomach.We were seated promptly there after. Our server, I have to say, was quite terrible. He ended up ruining the evening for us. He was rude, inattentive and appeared racist. It was astonishing how blatantly he neglected our table while he was so attentive to ones adjacent to us. He failed to give us the specials and we found out from overhearing other tables. He took our order and disappeared for the entire duration.  After the entree he presented himself again and didn't bother offering dessert till we asked. Total fail! When we got our bill my husband pointed out that he had forgotten to charge us for the drinks from the bar. Showing no gratitude whatsoever he added them to the bill, and we later found out that our card was charged twice. This took a couple phone calls and they ended up fixing it after a week or so. I regret tipping this man, and wish we had requested another server. In terms of food, the *lamb and cauliflower specials* were delicious. Lamb was perfectly cooked, tender, seasoned well and probably the best we've ever had. The cauliflower was the right amount of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Rest of the food was good as well, but average. The *mango ice cream cheesecake dessert special* was delicious!Overall, wonderful ambiance, horrible server, delicious specials, average drinks.
Absolutely amazing. Being Indian, I have high standards when it comes to Indian food, but I would come here any day. We ordered the crab masala appetizer which was to die for. The  goat biryani was s good as my Moms which is saying something. The Mango lassi had the taste of saffron which made it extra decadent. The creme brulee was the perfect way to end a delicious dinner.
I think "high end Indian food" is maybe an odd concept to begin with. I didn't go for a long, long time. Someone invited me out for drinks, warning me how expensive it was. The cocktails are around $14, which is average. The appetizers can range from $9-$16, entrees start in the twenties for chicken and top out at $40 for pricier proteins, which is where things get kind of ridiculous. We ordered the samosas, chili crab, and the wild mushroom and truffle oil naan. The samosas were fine but didn't stand out. They don't give you little bowls for the mint and tamarind sauces, they "plate" them for you in itty bitty classy piles that do nothing for me. The chili crab was good. Tender, fresh, with just a slight kick to it. The star of the show ended up being the naan, which was bursting with the flavor of the mushrooms. It comes with a cucumber raita that I didn't think complimented it too well. I also thought the drinks were just OK. I had two different margarita drinks, but definitely preferred  the Tamarind Margarita, but then I love tamarind sauce on and in pretty much everything. Service was good, the ambiance is predictably classy. The bathrooms are nice (private rooms instead of stalls). But I wasn't wowed by anything I had, which makes the price point a big turn off. I'd come back only if someone else was treating, but even then I wouldn't mind them treating me to another Indian place instead :P
Awesome food, location and good service. Probably food was better than other equivalent Indian restaurants. However, strangely enough they asked us to pay for birthday cake per person.. and actually reduced the price a sec after telling us $5 per person
Coming from an Indian person. Hear ye, hear ye, thy unbrown person. There are two types of Indian restaurants in America-1. Indian food for non-Indian people: Great decor, spacious, pricy, with a small menu of items described in great detail. Kofta becomes "vegetable balls" and the desserts arent Indian, perhaps merely to spare them the difficulty of describing them. 2. Indian food for Indian people:The spice is strong, the service is questionable. The waiters are of Indian origin and will have a hard time understanding you. A chicken tikka masala shalt not go by any other name. This is a strong type 1. The fact that everyone here for Sunday brunch besides us wasn't Indian is telling enough. We'd come here for winter restaurant week 2016 which promised us a $25 brunch. Excited by the fact that not one, but two entrees were promised, we thought it was a decent deal. It wasn't. Lies. Lies and deceit I tell you. Alas, we discover that $25 is no special price, but the price of their regular weekend brunch. Marketing at its finest. And lo and behold, two entrees isn't the two Indian sized grandiose bowls of spicy ambrosia, but two minuscule portions of curry served alongside a soulcycler's portion of rice. If only the luxurious decor could fill the rest our stomachs. I exaggerate slightly, but let's talk taste. Type 1 Indian food to the core. The portions small, the flavors mild. They were kind enough, I will say, to bring us complimentary pakora [sic]. That is pakora in the singular for they brought us one measly soggy onion pakora. The lamb appetizer was undercooked and almost mistakenly doused with saunf. When recipes are perfected for centuries, one does not simply add a random ingredient. The shrimp appetizer was decent though, I'll admit. Calling the main courses lackluster, would be an insult to the word. The meats - chicken and lamb were horribly undercooked. The fish, edible. The kofta, or "veggie balls" as the menu would say, were decent too. Let me tell you something about palak paneer. Palak is spinach, not kale. I repeat, spinach not kale. You cannot simply substitute the age old green leaf of popeye with your next  trending health item. Not cool, bro. And those two entrees, like I said, are misnomers. They were appetizer sized. Onto dessert. The Black Forest cake and the creme brûlée weren't bad per se, although it would be equally strange to see Gulab Jamun and Rasmalai for dessert at a French restaurant. One thing Michelin raters look for in food is consistency between different dining experiences. Granted this is hard. One would at least expect consistency within the same dining experience. Two creme brûlées. One deftly torched on top, was served to my friend. The one served to me, raw. Alright, the best of us make mistakes, one might think. After taking a bite, I politely asked the waitress why the brûlée wasn't torched. I didn't ask for custard. When you're laying $30 for a meal you expect an apology and a replacement. This isn't pocket change. Instead, she asks "oh, you like your creme brûlée toasted?". I was a tad aghast. Why don't you serve me some dough and tomatoes and ask "you like your pizza made?". "Duh". Without apologizing, she takes my dish away promising to return swiftly. As she does. I found peace in the knowledge that this grave error would soon be rectified by a new piece of tiny, yet sumptuous new torched creme brûlée. Nope, they torched over my half eaten wow. This meal was forgetful, and for a post blizzard New York brunch that we all travelled a ways to get to, downright disappointing. Not to mention more expensive than was warranted. Tamarind once had a Michelin star, a star it has lost not without reason. Lest you're craving the sanctity of a completely counterfeit white-washed meal where the dining tables are more expensive than a months rent, go to Curry Hill and grab yourself some real desi food. Amen.
Bottom Line: VERY Americanized Indian Food.All our Main dishes (both meat and veggie) looked great, but tasted, well, BORING. The flavors were DEAD. As a person of Indian descent who was born & raised in America I have a much more refined/experienced palate for Indian food (though I shamefully cannot handle much spice), but in my honest opinion: there are far better and much cheaper restaurants to go to if you want to enjoy FOOD. If you're going for the ambiance, this place is good. EXCELLENT service.
Best Indian food I've ever had. I'll be sad to leave NY and go back to LA, but I'll have something to look forward to when I come back. Ok I ordered the lobster with the lemon rice. Delicious. Also ordered the shrimp on the coconut sauce to start with. Amazing. My fiancé got some type of yellow moist chicken dish that was equally as good as everything else. The garlic nan with the yogurt sauce was great as well though I've never really had a bad yogurt sauce before. But let's not jinx it :p
Great service and good food. I really liked the place.Only thing that troubled me was the portion size, but hey, that's probably because I was visiting from Texas.
Absolutely wonderful Indian food. I've been here twice and its never disappointed. The service, ambience, a food is impeccable. Also the rice pudding as a dessert was a great choice. It is just wonderful, definitely try it.
We came here for restaurant week with another couple for a Monday lunch (on a long weekend).  I have been here before with friends and I have brought my parents to the one in Midtown as well. I have always liked the food here so I was surprised with my experience here this time. For drinks, my friend and boyfriend ordered the sweet lassi and my friend's boyfriend ordered the tamarind margarita (which I tasted and was quite good!). I and my friend are vegetarian and the boys eat meat, so we both ordered the spinach and watermelon salad for our appetizer and the boys ordered the kebabs. Our salads tasted more like an amouse bouche than an actual appetizers - it was just watermelon with a few spinach leaves. The guys loved their kebabs and said they would be happy if their entire meal consisted just of plates of kebabs.For the main course, given my dietary restrictions, they could only make the potli baigan (so they gave me two servings of it). The food was cold when I got it, it was bland (What! Blasphemy, its Indian food!) and very greasy. I was very disappointed with the quality of the meal. This is supposed to be a fine dining place; I understand that restaurant week means you offer a discount on meals. I don't understand why that has to translate into subpar food. Restaurant week is supposed to be a marketing tool, to get people to come to your restaurant again. If this was the first time that I came here, after this experience I would never return again.For the desserts, since I couldn't eat it I got the halwa for my boyfriend and he ordered the mango shrikhand. The halwa was good but the shrikhand which is yogurt based dessert is supposed to be thick in consistency. Instead this one was runny like a soup.Truly disappointed with my experience here and I definitely felt that the meal was not even worth the $25 that I paid for it.
Restaurant week 2016!Side note: I prayed to the heavens that this goes better than my Le Cirque dinner (go check that out) and it did!!! I felt this is more of a 3.5 stars so I rounded up. Came here Sunday January 31, 2016 at 12:45pm for a reservation of 3. Our party arrived late so I had myself a drink. The ultimate Maharaji, pretty interesting combination of vodka, 2 liqueurs and herbs. Eventually we were all seated. The place looks amazing. Appetizers 2 karara jhinga (about 3 shrimps in a bright red chili sauce, pretty good coming from someone that doesn't eat shrimp) 1 gushtaba (very tender..  Delicious. Absolutely love the fennel sauce) Entrees Everyone picked the ghosht hara masala. I thought it could be a little more tender but overall I would have been content eating a plate of that with the kalonji nan (that nan was awesome) The other three seperate choices was follow:Manglorean fish curry, nice peice of halibut. Kalmi murgh, basically spiced grilled chicken Hare gobi ka saag, kinda reminded me of mash potatoes but green. Dessert 2 ginger caramel creme brule (creme brule on top and ginger sauce on the bottom. Pretty good) 1 blackforest cake (was ok) So in general, the food plate size were small and the amount of spice used was on the moderate side for an Indian restaurant. I still enjoyed it and would like to come back for. Another round of nan and probably goat or lamb there. Happy dining everyone.
First things first: it's not truly 100% authentic Indian food. If you want that, go to Jackson Heights. However, if you want high-quality Indian food with amazing service and beautiful decor, this is your place. Every single thing about this restaurant is on point. The decor gets you as soon as you step in -  a lot of natural wood everywhere, a lot of natural light in the restaurant, and elegant white linens. And of course, tons of Indian statues/sculptures. The bathrooms were ridiculous. There are five unisex bathrooms, all of which smelled amazing, were super clean, and were decorated impeccably with great attention to detail. E.g. they even have paper towels that have the "Tamarind" logo printed on them (WTF!)The owner of this restaurant seems super involved with the operation of the restaurant and greeted me as soon as I walked in. As I left he inquired about my experience and invited me back again. This sets the tone for the type of service you'll get here. Service was prompt, my water glass was never empty, my plates were cleared instantly, and waiters were extremely pleasant. I came during restaurant week without even knowing it was restaurant week so I was pleasantly surprised to see a three course menu offering for $25 dollars. Even otherwise I'd have gladly paid the prices on the menu for the food - it was all delicious. I had a shrimp appetizer  (kharara jhinga), which was perfectly seasoned and mildly spicy. For the entree (you pick two), I had the kalmi murgh and a soya paneer dish... both excellent. For dessert I chose the blackforest cake, which was good, but I think the ginger creme brulee my friend ordered was better.Presentation of all these dishes is unbelievable. I almost pinched myself when I saw the check come out to 60-something dollars for two people to eat a three-course meal and get two pots of tea. Indian fine dining is hit or miss but this place is perfection!
Amazing food. Great place. Very good service. Wonderful experience. Highly recommend.
The only "fine dining" Indian I've ever had. I definitely prefer the more hole-in-the-wall spots and think the food is better, but if you're looking for a fancy spot and craving Indian, tamarind is good. Order the cauliflower appetizer from off the menu.
Amazing!  Went for dinner the other night and it was spectacular.  You are greeted by the owner at the door...and the contact with staff is constant through your meal.  I would have to say that there is about 1 waiter/waitress per two tables.  You're never left without water and you are never left waiting and wondering about your next course.  Service here is impeccable. Decor...it's simple, clean and upscale.  Very elegantly done.  Food....just fabulous.  You can order the more traditional Indian dishes or you could go with something Indian-esque.  Either way you will be pleasantly surprised.  For an appetizer you need to go with the Duck (it's the only duck on the menu) and then this Spinach patty thing....SO GOOD.  Then main course...go with the Lamb.  Lamb anything and the Lemon Rice (I just have a sever affinity for Lemon Rice).  Their lamb is so tender and just cooked amazingly.  For desert try the cardamon creme brule...it sounds odd but it's not.  It compliments so well.  It's great. Love this place would come back in a heart beat.. everything was perfection!
This place is a little pricey, but it is so worth it! The decor is clean and minimalist, the service is impeccable, and the food is delicious. The two of us got samosas, nan, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer. Everything was great. I will definitely be back!
What a fantastic experience. This has to be one of the best Indian places in the world in culture feel and food.  The appetizer of cauliflower in red sauce was exquisite.  The batter was light and fluffy and the cauliflower was crunchy with no oily aftertaste.  The prawns were large and firm and the hot sauce was just the right heat to liven things up.  The lamb curry was a generous portion with the intensity of spices being just about right....although I do like a hot curry.  Service was superb and worthy of the reputation of the place.  Knowledgeable and informative in all respects as well as friendly but not overbearing.  All staff were super attentive and made us feel at homeWill be back for more!
Been to Tamarind 2 times over the past 2 years. The first time I visited was in Summer 2015, and I was completely amazed and happy with the food. This was also the year Tamarind had a michelin star to it.I again visited Tamarind a few weeks back, and I found there was a reason it lost the Michelin star. The quality of the food seems to have moved down a notch. We had the coconuts prawns, and they were out of the world. But the chicken entree was just a meh, considering the price it costs. I got the mango martini, and was about ordinary to good. The chicken biryani was very well done, and was totally flavorful and delicious. I hope Tamarind moves up a notch, and get that Michelin star which it is capable of acquiring.
Simply the best in Indian food around. I drive in from Long Island 5 times a year to eat here.
I've been to Tamarind several times and it never disappoints. Even when my family visits from out of town they ask to go again. In regards to the authenticity, if you've had Indian food in India and other places you would know that it varies depending on the region. This place is authentic just depends on what you're used to! I always get the Murh Kolhapuri - delicious!Also- the owner is always the friendliest and the entire staff tries to make sure you're served well.
I love Indian food!!! I went in a party of 5 on a Sunday night. It wasn't too busy, the ambience was great - a modern, upscale Indian restaurant that I had never experienced before.The waiter asked if we wanted drinks. 3 of us ordered cocktails, and my friend's parents didn't want drinks. The waiter asked them several times after we had ordered If they would like drinks, almost pushing them.What we ordered:Jhinga e aatish - prawnsTandoori chaamp - lamb chopsA chicken appetizer (don't remember the name)Chicken tikka masalaSaag paneerBasmati rice - need to order in addition to the curries, since it doesn't come withA mix of nan and garlic nanTandoori rotiWhile ordering, the waiter kept stressing the scallops and other seafood items. While I don't doubt they taste good, we came more for chicken and lamb dishes. He was pretty pushy for the seafood dishes.Highlights: THE LAMB CHOPS! So good. The lamb cut perfectly and it was unlike anything I've had at an Indian restaurant before.Lychee daiquiri was a great cocktail.Saag paneer is a great vegetarian dish, as always, with chunks of flavorful cheese.Chicken tikka masala was cooked very well. The chicken wasn't dry and it's always my favorite Indian dish.I loved our experience but our waiter was pretty pushy, asking for drink orders often and trying to push the expensive seafood items. Otherwise, a fantastic meal at an upscale Indian restaurant in NYC!
We have been going to Tamarind for years and have literally spent thousands of dollars here. It is my husbands favorite restaurant. We have a 5 month old baby who extremely well behaved- we take her everywhere and she has never been a problem once. However, as any good parent should do if she was to cry we would immediately take her outside so as not to disturb other diners. We dined at Tamarind less than two months ago-with our infant and they allowed us to do so. I called this evening to make a reservation and they asked if any of the party were children and I said yes. They informed me they don't take kids under 6, which makes no sense because that age of child is not well behaved in restaurants either! Legally you cannot tell someone they can't bring their child into the restaurant. Unbelievably rude and disrespectful to loyal customers who have spent so much money in your establishment. Not to mention this was for a 5:30 reservation when your restaurant is always completely empty. Congratulations you've lost a loyal paying customers business.
Can easily recollect places that have better Indian food. The ambience is good though.
The Tamarind Tribeca executive lunch menu priced at $25 (comes up to $32 with taxes and tip) is a good deal to try some of their much talked about cuisine. You get to choose two entrees which I think is great; the portions may look deceptively small, but at the end of the meal I was stuffed. Just remember that their menu is not updated online regularly, so if you look at the online menu and then decide to head for the pre-fixe lunch you may be in for a surprise like we were.  Their October lunch menu (photo attached) is totally different from the one posted online right now. From the apps, I tried the Karwari Jhinga which was a crisp shrimp supposedly marinated in tamarind juice, jaggery & Indian spices. Everyone on our table who tried it was really disappointed and agreed that except for the crisp part, everything else was exaggerated and we couldn't  taste any of the other sweet and sour flavors. The shrimp wasn't seasoned adequately and needed to have more robust flavors. Coming to main course, my disappointment with the prawns was soon forgotten as I loved every bite of my Methi Malai Tikka (chicken), it was a sinfully, melt in your mouth kind of goodness and really one of the best tikkas I've had in a really long time. Well done! My second entree - Barwan Band Gobi, was a kind of cabbage wrap, with a potato filling. I quite enjoyed this unusual preparation . My vegetarian dining companions, weren't quite so impressed and felt it should have had more stronger flavours to balance the blandness of the cabbage with the filling.  I must add here, that vegetarian options on the lunch menu are a little limited and they were not too pleased with their Dakshini Korma (green curry with veggies and fruits in a coconut gravy) either. I tried a small spoonful of it and it was on the blander side. All the entrees were accompanied with the vegetable of the day - in this case a Baingan Bharta (mashed eggplant), missi roti (made with spiced gram flour) and a rice pulao, which were all superb.The Chocolate Torte with rose and banana flavors was okay - didn't love it, didn't hate it. The service was excellent. All in all, I enjoyed my meal and would love to go back to try some more of their non vegetarian entrees.
The food is very good. The service is excellent, I mean exceptional. The waiter didn't even use a note pad to write down our order. He remembered exactly what we order (over ten dishes) and our water and drinks were never half empty before it was refilled. The food were was so tasteful, from the garlic naan to the lamb vindaloo. It is a beautiful restaurant. Food is very clean and not heavy, unlike most Indian restaurants in the city. It is probably the most upscale Indian restaurant in the city and right next to Nobu. The only downside to the restaurant is the price, it is very expensive. We did not do the restaurant week menu because the dishes we want were not on the restaurant week menu. It will cost most likely around $100 plus for food and drinks to get full. Make sure your lady date is worth it before you bring her here. : )
Beautiful dining room and excellent service!  We had a long luxurious lunch on Sunday next to a table of 12 teenagers celebrating a birthday.  At first I though we were going to have a problem but the staff managed the birthday party beautifully and they were delightful dining neighbors.  The prix-fix lunch is a shockingly great deal and allowed us to order an even more  decadent bottle of wine than is usual for a Sunday afternoon!Great all around!
Perfect place for a Indian fine dining experience. Highly recommend the Dal Makhni, it is as good as it gets! It can get a little noisy during peak hours (like most Indian restaurants in NYC). However, you can always request for a quiet corner when making the reservation.
It was even better than I remembered. Everything was delicious... Especially the lamb chops. There was a point where I felt I was becoming completely gluttonous. But I could not help it. I would highly recommend it to anyone. Delicious food, great service, beautiful atmosphere.
We've been here twice and this is my absolute favorite place in the city! The food here is amazing. Really really amazing. We've had the lamb seekh kebabs, shrimp, chicken lajawab and their mushroom truffle oil naan is out of the world. Their lamb seekh kebabs are outstanding - probably even better than what I've had in India! Their cocktails are good too. Service is always good and the ambience is great.
#Tamarind. I may be wrong but isn't this one of the restaurants from the 'Real Actors Read Real Yelp Reviews' skits on You Tube. I believe it was the London location, but not positive. (youtube.com/watch?v=aaSC…) Regardless, five stars Tamarind. The place is absolutely exquisitely decorated inside and may be one of the more larger restaurants in NYC. As soon as you step into this restaurant, you are greeted and immediately sat with someone asking you which type of water you prefer. My hubs to be was running a bit late, so since payback's a bitch, I enjoyed some sparkling water at his expense and checked at some of the Yelp reviews. *** That sparkling water was $8, just an fyi. Also, why do I do that? We share $$ at this point. D'oh.The amuse bouche that came next was magnifique. A large bite of a perfectly spiced fritter with a yogurt dipping sauce. If this was any indication of the meal to come, this was going to be a great meal, and it was. We started with the curry crab app and holy crap one needs to get this if you eat crab. This was a solid mound of fresh crab. I absolutely voted this as the MVP of the dinner and at that point, the entrees had yet to come! I went with the shrimp caldin, which per the menu refers it to "a Goan specialty." Prawns in coconut sauce with mustard seeds, cumin, curry leaves and coriander. This was 'da bomb. It was literally the perfect amount of spice from that curry, but not over powering at all, and these shrimps were huuuuuuuuuggggggggeeeeeee. Like biggest prawns this gal has ever eaten huge. I'd order this dish 12 more times if I could. My man went vegetarian style and ordered up dum aloo gobi, potatoes and cauliflower simmered in an onion tomato sauce. He enjoyed it very much and since I couldn't take my mouth off my meal, I only had a quick bite, veggies never tasted so good.We ended up sharing the eggplant in the peanut sauce as well, though this ended up being way too much food. The eggplant however was delicious, definitely "mushy" but I mean, unless you're allergic, how can you not love a good peanut sauce, and this was one of the best. I don't necessarily think I'd want to horde this dish since that peanut sauce was intense but if you're with a group and willing to share, definitely include this player in the roster. All this plus an order of naan which we barely touched was amazing, I can't complain about one thing. We passed on bringing the leftovers home but did decide to try some dessert. I'm a chocolate fiend. I see chocolate, I eat chocolate. I was in the bathroom, and the man ordered some sort of dried fruit cake, and I came out and was all like excuse me? Then the dessert** came out and I was all like, AMAZING. Dessert at an Indian restaurant isn't my top priority, but after this one, I may need to rethink my strategy.Service was top notch and we felt that with the amount, the quality and level of food and the combination of ambiance and service, this restaurant was a bargain. I definitely recommend and I definitely would come again!** The dessert we had isn't listed on the online menu sadly so I can't recall but it consisted of a variety of fruits/veggies like carrots, beets, all in a perfectly sweetened cake.
A real gem! So my family and I have super high standards when it comes to Indian food. We could be professional food critics, especially my father. So when we heard about Tamarind and its reputation, we were obviously very intrigued. We always enjoy fine dining and have high expectations from establishments such as Tamarind. We went here a couple of months ago and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. It is definitely one of the better Indian restaurants in the city. A very nice contemporary atmosphere, with plenty of space and comfortability. The service was exceptional. You really felt like you were at a Michelin starred restaurant. As for the food, it is beyond delicious! I specifically remember the complimentary ricotta puffs served as an amuse bouche. My mouth still waters at the thought of their Nizami Keema. Perfectly spiced ground lamb atop a soft nan pao. So worth it. I also recall ordering the Murg Malai Kabab which was soft and succulent. We're all big fans of lamb chops and test them out wherever we go. So naturally we ordered the Masaledar chops, which were deliciously marinated and tender. For entrees, all I can honestly remember is the Punjabi Mutton and Garlic Naan. The Punjabi Mutton had great, tender pieces, cooked properly and spicy gravy. The garlic naan is a must! My personal favorite at any Indian restaurant. All in all, this place deserves the reputation it has and hasn't disappointed me. Definitely looking forward to going back sometime again.
Venison and any type of Nan are a must. This is delicious, flavorful, modern Indian food. The setting and service are wonderful as well.
Pros: Great and truly amazing ambience Great service Awesome executive lunch menu Most flavorful Indian food in New York City Great nuts Cons:Wish they had a few items like Daal as sides Truffle naan was overplayed. Although it's a great conceptGreat place for team meetings, lunches and celebrations.
Best Indian in NYC. Perhaps not as authentically "Indian" as some places in the East Village, but certainly delivers amazing dishes and a consistently great dining experience.The ambiance is fantastic, great for groups or dates, and the service is top notch. There aren't really any bad choices on the menu, but standouts include the specials they often have available - the broiled seabass and fried cauliflower appetizer. All the curries are flavorful, the aloo muttar gobi is great, the tandoori meats are excellent as well. Naans are excellent and great for mopping up the sauces.
The raj kachori was a great starter, and the ginger caipirinha was strong and delicious. I got the majjiga pulusu was creamy and interesting. It's definitely a very fancy place, and everything was very nicely presented, with great service. I would perhaps have liked to see more creative or non-traditional vegetarian options. There were lots of great veggie options, but few that jumped out at me as being something it would be hard to get elsewhere.
Food was absolutely amazing! Drinks were also great! The tamarind margarita is unique.  The only reason this place did not get 5 stars is because the service was slow. I recommend the mushroom sabji and pumpkin buttermilk dish. The only reason it is getting four stars is because the service was really slow. Also they have unique naans with rosemary and mushroom! Dessert menu is huge- big plus!
Food is not bad and portion is generous - very big dining area and relatively quiet at a Sunday night
Went with a group of 4. Pretty disappointing overall. Spicy potato cakes were excellent, tamarind scallops were okay. Saag Paneer was okay, but I've had better around 6th street, and much better elsewhere.  Bhagarey Baigan (eggplant in sauce) was pretty good.  Tandoori Subz (assorted vegetables) was odd.  And 'fiery maharashtrian' chicken was very dry.  And service was not great on the most basic of things: refilling water, asking if we wanted more drinks.
I had my birthday dinner at Tamarind and really had a stellar experience. We were a large table of 11 people. The space was beautiful and the staff was attentive and very kind. The food was delicious and all of my guests were happy. It's difficult to find a space to have a large dinner where everyone can hear everyone speaking in NYC, where the food and cocktails are great, and the service is good. I would give Tamarind a five-star rating for the overall experience. Our table was running late and yet we were never pushed out or rushed. I don't give very many recommendations, but it's obvious that they work very hard to make it a nice experience for everyone in the restaurant and it shows.
Had a business dinner at Tamarind.  The food and ambiance were outstanding.I would have given them 5 stars but the waiter coughed on me while leaning over to put something on the table.  Disgusting, low class person.  It was a great dining experience except for the waiter who should be working at Jack in the Box.
Full disclosure - I usually avoid Indian food. But I still really enjoyed Tamarind. I had the venison and roasted cauliflowers. It honestly opened my eyes about Indian food and less prone to saying no to it. Usually indian food is too overwhelming for me and I don't like some of the spices that are prominent in the food. But Tamarind is really exceptional. It is not too heavy on the spices, but the food is still flavorful. Yes, it is pricey, but it is worth trying it out once even if you're not into Indian food. The food, atmosphere and service make up for it.
An average Indian food. Over rated. We were disappointed with the taste of entrees. This is more indian American food than authentic indian. We brought cake with us to celebrate Bday, and they even charged us to for the cake which is about the price of the cake. Service was mediocre.
My honey bun and I came here for our anniversary! As a whole the experience wasnt bad since the service and decor were phenomenal which is awesome for an anniversary. However the hefty price you pay will not justify the mediocre tasting food. -wild mushroom and truffle oil naan was bland and really lacking both mushroom and truffle oil. -vegetables samosas were fresh but again a bit on the bland side.  - chicken Tikka masala tasted fine but the chicken was dried out. - Malai halibut also noted as a prize winning dish tasted like grilled halibut with lemon juice.   Mind you the food weren't bad but it did not stand up to the price that was being charged. P.s rice needs to be order separately.
I had dinner here a few weeks ago and it was so good i went back the following week.Food is spectacular, service is excellent and ambiance is great. There is  plenty of room between tables and ...guess what?... You can have a conversation without shouting and without having to listen to the drivel from the table next door (one of my pet peeves) Cant say enough good things about the food. Each dish is a unique taste sensation!
We had dinner at Tamarind for the first time. And the experience was really good. Restaurant's owner welcomed us and had few words with us.. We ordered Pomegranate Bellini and Lychee Martini for drinks. We got the Amritsari Seekh ,Hara Bhara kabab And Mulligatawny soup as Appetizers. Loved those but Quantity was too less for four people. And same with the main course. we ordered Kolhapuri chicken and Nargisi Kofta with Garlic Naan and wild Mushroom and truffle oil Nan. Food was incredible. We had a great time there. Great ambience. Bit expensive but its worth. You wont regret it. Just make sure, if you are in a group, order 3 or 4 appetizers. Overall, it was a good experience at Tamarind.
OVER RATED! OVER RATED! OVER RATED!Hold your breath. I know what you have heard before or what you have read on this website before, but its not true. Yes, they have a nice decor, but that is it. FOOD is horrible.Daal Makhni : OMG OMG - it is the worst Daal i have ever eaten. Uncooked, no flavor, and loosely put together to make it look like a complete dish.A money could make better daal.Chole : Uncooked, again no flavour, no spice, nothing. Id rather walk to a grocery store, buy some Garbanzo beans and add some pasta sause. Again, an Indian chimp would make better chole!!!Panner : Cheese, one of the easiest Indian things to make. its simple buy cheese marinated and grill!!!!!!!!!!!!! but no at Tamrind, they leave the flavours out on Hudson St.Service : As you can tell i am not the one to keep things to myself. So i made it a point to let them know how i felt. In return " this is how we make sir", okaaaaayyyyyy, "you dont like sir"...nooooooooooooooooooooooooo. okay "this is how we make sir". After all this they had the AUDACITY to charge me for the daal and chole. COME ON!!!!!! get a life. I paid $108 for the worst meal of my life.No wonder they lost thier Michelin Star. I mean it was crazy to give them one to begin with.I recommend the ownner/management do this:1. Wake up - close all operations 2. Take a trip down Lexington av at 27th3. Try the Panner at Bhatti4. The Dal Makhni at Bukhara5 and everything else at every other rest. in the city and maybe Journal Square/Jackson Hieghts.
This place gets worse and worse. Went today with a group of 12 at noon, and were upfront when we ordered that some in our group were in a hurry and needed to be out within the hour.  We did not receive appetizers until 12:35. Throughout that time we reminded them that we were in a hurry. And they assured us the food was coming. At 12:50, we had not gotten our main course and so a few coworkers had to ask for their dishes to be packed. How a restaurant cannot serve food in a timely manner, I don't understand. And this place was almost empty. Then the main dishes cam around 1pm, in which they switched every order around. They tried to give me 3 different plates before I got the right now. Same with dessertThey were so slow that we got Dessert at 1:25 and I didn't have any because I had to leave for a meeting. Food was bland and not innovative. Portions were small. Service was slow and disorganized. Overall, nothing redeeming about the restaurant. Bee were appalled paying for restaurant week prices. I would demand my money back paying full price. They should have paid me for the wasted 90 minutes.
I was here for one of my best friends birthday dinners and one of my friends has a SEVERE peanut allergy. She kindly informed our waiter and the staff of her allergy before any food came out.  When all the dishes came out, they all told her that she could eat all the dishes. About one hour later, her throat closed and she got sick- there were nuts in almost everything!!!!!! I was so disappointed that nobody had the decency to let her know that almost all the dishes that came out had nuts and that her allergy was taken as a joke. So so disappointed with this place. Worst part is she ordered a sprite to try to feel better and they charged her for it. Cant believe people have so much nerve!
The food and ambiance are excellent. They like to push on alcoholic drinks, but push back if you don't want to order any. Had kebab (lamb) and chicken tikka. Excellent flavors and tasted delish
