I'm a little surprised by how positive the reviews here and on Seamless are for this place.  Here's what I can offer based on a recent Seamless encounter:1. Coconut Soup - looks like a cloudy white looking broth, tastes like... dessert syrup, just not as viscous? No flavors that I could detect other than SWEET.  Anyways, I was expecting something different, more like a thai type of soup I guess. I've never tried something like this at an Indian place so not sure if this is how it is supposed to taste. I wouldn't have been able to have more than 2-3 spoonfuls of it even as a dessert.  2. Green Salad - all ingredients appeared and tasted pretty fresh, EXCEPT there were big pieces of chopped cucumber on top which were almost fully decomposed into cucumber sludge.  Either it was somehow infected with some kind of bacteria or the cucumber was added to the otherwise fresh salad ingredients (who would do this and risk ruining a perfectly fine salad?!)  Anyways, I picked them out but ultimately didn't get to enjoy much of the salad bc rotted cucumber slime seeped into the lettuce/contaminated the rest of the salad and it didn't seem safe.3. Veggie vindaloo - first impression: I'm not ragging on this place or this dish in particular, it's normal for Indian takeout here or anywhere: an undecipheraple hodgepodge of overcooked ingredients with thick sauce preserved below about half an inch of pure glistening oil. The dish is so overwhelmed by oil that it separates out even while the dish is still warm. I poured out the oil, heated it in the oven some more, poured out lots more oil.  I ate a good amount of this reluctantly, out of a sense of obligation, and because I had literally nothing else in my house to eat... 4. - Malai kofta - no the worst malai kofta I've had around here, and on the bright side there was not a pool of oil sitting on top of the malai kofta when I opened it.  A bit too dense (both the sauce and the balls), flavor was fine but not amazing. wouldn't order again but I have been on a quest for good malai kofta in brooklyn and manhattan for years and it seems there isn't any. Please advise if you have information.
For me the experience was great. Papadum and samosa were nice. Great curry and the waiter is nice. Lots of vegetarian options.I couldn't finish them all and the take the rest home,  almost enough for a dinner.
I went here for a weekday lunch and ordered the Lamb Tikka. The food was delicious and tasted fresh. The entree portion was of a good size so I felt full.The waiter was very polite and because my meal got slightly delayed, he even gave me a complimentary appetizer without me even complaining or anything.I'd definitely come to this place again and highly recommend it.
My first and last time there. Food is way overpriced and it's not even that good. I had tandoori chicken and samosas. Chicken was burnt and very dry, it ended up in the garbage. Samosas were ok, but nothing special. These two were not worth 18$!!! i do not recommend the place
Very sweet staff. Quick service. Lunch specials are filling and at a good price. Creamy sauces and fresh naan. Broad menu. Would come back and recommend to anyone. Family friendly.
Seafood combo is pretty good, especially crab curry. It's also a huge amount of food for $16 which can be made into 2-3 normal sized meals. However, most of the chicken dishes ive had from here are really dry and flavorless. I really want to like this place but literally every single time I've ordered delivery from this place they don't include utensils or even napkins. Seriously? I've even left notes on my delivery order specifically asking them not to forget (they did).
I recommend ordering Malai Kofta and Chicken Vindaloo. Not only was the food authentic, fresh and delicious, but the customer service this local business provides is fantastic! I have definitely found my local indian restaurant for both dine-in and delivery. The food was on-time for delivery and I had a positive experience at the restaurant as well.
Really good delivery Indian food. I walked past this place the other day and peeked in and it looks pretty legit - weird clocks on the wall, oddball art. If it looks the place and I can smell it from outside we might be dealing with good Indian. Well I found myself hungry that night and took and placed a delivery order via seamless. I ordered the Lamb Taj Karahi. Never heard of it before but I said screw it, I am going different.Order came quickly in under the estimated time. The food was great, well spiced but not overdone. The lamb was cooked perfectly and was tender. The rice was standard fair and everything arrived hot.Small nitpick - no plastic utensils or napkins. I ordered to a bar and thankfully they had some or that would have been very aggravating. Total price via seamless with tax and tip was $16. It was a little pricey for the amount of food you got but It was high quality and I would order from them again.
If I could give this place negative stars I would. The food was good but form the moment I got here the service sucked. Check out the videos I posted of how the manager /waiter got in a fight with the only costumers in the store. Don't go here, do order take out tho
My favorite Indian spot in NYC! Every time I have ordered, the food is absolutely delicious. So much flavor and large portions! I've dined in a few times and I have to say, everyone who works there is a gem. So friendly and kind and making sure you're comfortable. I'm currently writing this while waiting for a takeout order. Not only was I still seated to wait, but served a snack and ice water. So happy to have found this restaurant and I look forward to my food every time I order. Definitely worth trying!
The single worst delivery experience I have ever had. It took three hours to receive my food and even when the very rude delivery man did arrive, he refused to bring the food up to my apartment and instead left it by the mailboxes. He called me at least 10 tens making me give him directions and yelling at me. He told me that delivering to the apartment was not his job. Will never order from here again.
Amazing, as far as the Chinese takeout version of Indian food goes. The entrees are delicious -- I have never been disappointed. The butter chicken is probably the best thing on the menu (and in Brooklyn). The lamb samosas are also delicious. The naan is good, but I wouldn't recommend spending extra on some of the "specialty" naans -- the garlic and cheese naan barely taste any different than the original. Save yourself the quarters.It is open super late for East Williamsburg delivery, up to 2 a.m., even on weekdays. Delivery is typically quick and reliable. Highly recommend.
Always have such a pleasant experience here. The service is impeccable and they seem to really care that you enjoy your time. Munjoo was our server and comped us an appetizer and soup, which are actually pretty great for food on the house. An awesome staple in the neighborhood. Also, butter naan.
This place is thoroughly awesome.  I'd give it a 4.5 star rating if I could; asI can't, I'm going to round up - like with Note Thai - as I think it deserves to have some of the negative reviews here offset.Firstly, they're open until 2AM 7 days / week.  That's right.  2AM, every night.  That's pretty badass - especially for an Indian restaurant; in my experience, it's very difficult to find Indian places open past 10pm.Second, the quality: it's pretty great.  I love indian food; I consider it to be one of my favorite cuisines; and I can say: this place does it right.  At least in their vindaloo, saag, samosas, etc. - everything I've tried has been spot on.Third, the value: specifically, the value of their dinner specials.For $14.95, you get:- A full appetizer of your choosing- A full curry meat dish of your choosing- A small curry vegetable dish of your choosing- Soup- Dal- Naan- Pampadums- Rice- Tea or Coffee- ChutneysMy usual order consists of the above + an extra order of poori; so in total, the following costs me $23 with tax, tip and delivery charges:- Two (very big) samosas- A giant helping of chicken vindaloo w/ bell peppers added- Saag aloo w/ mushrooms added- Curry soup- Dal- One big slice of naan- One big slice of poori- Two pampadums- Saffron rice- Tea, sweetened how I like it- ChutneysI personally find that this makes roughly three full meals for me... So in short: three full meals of a personalized-buffet of awesome indian food for $7.67 / meal delivered right to my door anytime from 11:30AM - 2AM??Yes Please!!! :D
This review is purely with regards to the food. I've never been to the physical restaurant. As an Indian, I've struggled to find an Indian restaurant in the city that is halfway decent and worthy of the "authentic" title. The food at Taj Kabab King is so substandard, I have no words to describe it. Forget about authenticity, the food was hardly edible. If I'd known the Gulab Jamun recipe at Taj called for compressed sand balls in sugar syrup, I would've made some myself with the leftovers from my trip to the beach last weekend. Please save yourself and order from elsewhere.
I order from here all the time, and though I'd like to say I've tasted most of the menu, I can't stop getting the Paneer Tikka Masala. It's too good. I legitimately had it for dinner for a week straight when I first moved to Brooklyn. Add in the fast and reliable free delivery, and this place is the absolute best. Order from here, and you won't be disappointed (especially if you get the Paneer Tikka Masala.)
I liked my experience a lot. I'd never had Indian food before, but the waiter was extremely friendly and helped me pick out something he thought I would like (salmon something--it was in a red sauce with rice). Salmon was very good, the Indian food taste is a bit different to me but it was easy to adapt because it was so good!Also got garlic Naan and Coconut Poori; each fantastic in their own way. Coconut Poori was a sweet bread and more like a dessert; kind of an awesome surprise. Very happy with the experience and it was inexpensive compared to other NYC restaurants I've visited.
Outstanding service!!! The waiters are phenomenal. My friend and I went there for dinner, we forgot to get a bottle of wine. Our waiter asked us if we wanted beer and he would go get it for us. It was a cold night so we said no but he came back 10 mins later with two bottles! What a legend. The food was very good as well. Definitely will be going back again soon.. and often! :) :)
This review is for delivery. My mom is the pickiest Indian food eater and she loved their samosas, even after I had them sitting out on the counter for a few hours. The food is extremely greasy though, so much that oil seeped through two bags and got on my coffee table. Oh well, my fault.I went on a "pescetarian" kick for a few days so ordered their Vegetable Complete Dinner from Seamless. Whoa, talk about a ton of food for only $15! It was more than enough for two people. The food was delicious and plentiful but also had some serious layer of grease. I know that's why it was so yummy but I wish they cut back on that a bit.Last time I ordered they took over an hour to arrive, much to my dismay, but the food was still piping hot including the masala chai (yum!!!)
This is the worst Indian food I've eaten. It's the least authentic experience I've ever had.
I vow to never eat at this place until they stop spamming my front step with their menus. Enough is enough. 4 times a week, every week is seriously not polite.
good flavor, but inconsistent cooking.
Just moved to the neighborhood and found this place online. Monday night of Labor Day and waited TWO hours to get my dinner delivery. Kept being promised "five more minutes" when I called to inquire. Then when food finally arrived, the order of ROTI I paid for after ordering online was missing and they're not set up to give me a credit. They didn't even send the order with the credit card receipt for my records. Food ok--when it's 11pm and you've been waiting since 9pm--anything will taste good.
Keep in mind that this review does not concern the food quality or waitstaff service. My review concerns the extraordinary negligence of the management in controlling their delivery men. Taj Kabab has been asked kindly, and then warned, repeatedly, by several residents of Grand Street to take every measure to prevent their delivery men from riding illegal, electric bikes at breakneck speed along the sidewalks of central Williamsburg -- specifically Grand Street. This evening, one Taj Kabab delivery man nearly killed my dog, while forcing me into the brick wall of a building, which scraped the skin off of my hand. I'm all for local businesses, but any restaurant owner or manager that condones or does not take seriously illegal behavior such as that should not be patronized. I come from a time when NYC neighborhoods were indeed neighborhoods, and it has only been in recent years the dangers of speeding delivery bikes on sidewalks has become a life-threatening problem.
i've had more luck ordering online recently. I think they maybe messed up one more order in the past year, sending tandoori instead of chicken tikki-masala. However i'm sort of addicted to their Chicken Malai and when I'm too lazy to cook or go out, this is a solid filling meal.
I'm not sure why this place gets such mixed reviews.  Perhaps the service is mixed, and I suppose Indian food is one of those types of cuisines that's particularly subjective, but I thought this place was excellent.My husband and I felt like ordering Indian food for delivery the other day.  We had trouble choosing a place because the reviews were so mixed, but we decided on Taj because it's on GrubHub and a majority of the reviews are positive.  We were definitely pleased with the results.  Delivery was prompt and accurate, the food was flavorful and prepared exactly as expected.  The garlic naan was freshly baked and delicious.  Chicken tikka appetizer was also fresh and the chicken was good quality breast meat, not fatty or tough at all.  For mains we had saag paneer and lamb vindaloo.  The lamb was a bit spicy for my taste (most vindaloo is), but it was very good.  I ordered the saag paneer mild, it was still quite flavorful.  There was visible oil in the paneer, which may be why some reviewers are calling the food greasy, but I expect that from Indian food.  Curries are always rich, if you don't see oil in your food it's because it's been cooked long enough that the food has absorbed it all :-P  If you don't want something with a lot of fat in it, stick with the kebab and tikka.  Both main dishes came with rice which was cooked perfectly, and we got a few different chutneys in addition to the raita and pickled lemon that we ordered specifically.I have no complaints, top notch in my book.  We'll definitely order from them again the next time we're craving Indian food.
Really great food - we order from here all the time and the food is always very fresh and delish!  I love the sharabi kabab - very flavorful and juicy and even the apps - veg samosa and pakora are always super fresh - which is not usually the case in other Indian food places I have tried.  Try it- u will love it!
Finally -  a decent Indian place in Williamsburg. And an extra star for being open late.
A recipe for disaster: too greasy and spicy in my opinion. My dish pretty much ended up in the garbage. Garlic nan tasted fine though. Delivery guy was nice too.
It's alright.  I've only gotten delivery, and it has been a little shoddy--they've shown up late, didn't get the order right a couple times.  Decent korma and good pakora.
I'm amazed at these positive reviews. I ordered take-out last night. The chicken tikka was swimming in oil, the naan was burnt on the outside and soggy (bleh!) on the inside, the saag paneer was bland, and the aloo and the gobi (potatoes and cauliflower) of the aloo matar gobi were undercooked. Bummer.
Eating here tonight makes me sad that I ignored Taj Kabab & Curry until now.  Without a doubt the best Indian food in Williamsburg or Greenpoint, and better than most in the City as well.  Brick Lane is still my fave, but TK&C just moved into 2nd place.
Both times I've eaten here have been very good. The first time especially. The price is pretty cheap and the service is great. Highly recommended!
This place makes very good Indian food. I tried a variety of dishes on several occasions and it's always good. The chicken Marsala is a standout and the price is very reasonable. Its not posh... The decor is simple and comfortable and the staff is pleasant but the food is above average. I really like this place. It was a pleasant surprise. I now measure all Indian restaurants by the standard they set.
Yum! I love this place. For vegetarians like me, I recommend the Malai Kofta or the Paneer Mukhani. So creamy & absolutely delicious. Service is great, very attentive without being overbearing. Highly recommend.
Stellar food. The spices are just right. I got aloo shag and the tomato lentil soup. Both hit the spot like food for the soul. Brown rice option is nice to have. Service was attentive and included a couple of complimentary items.
This place was amazing!  The service was excellent (The owner practically doted on us the whole meal!).  The entrees were very reasonably priced and tasted AMAZING!!  Seriously, if you don't live in the neighborhood, you should make the trip.
I had lunch here a while ago and I was not impressed with the food. The decor is up to par, the place is clean and service is friendly but the food had no character. Possibly they have altered it to appeal to Americans.
Sure, why not?  Just stick with the basics, and that would be my advice at any low-priced foreign food restaurant in a questionable neighborhood.  I had some awesome chicken breast that came out on a sizzling plate, very clean and juicy but not bland in the slightest.  My friend got the lunch special, great deal at 6.95 for curry chicken, naan, rice, soup, 2 drinks, and some fried thing that was F.B.A.R. - fried beyond ALL recognition.
Based on one delivery and one eat in, I'm a fan. The food is good - easily the best Indian in the neighborhood. Chicken vindaloo was tasty, spicy and hot. Lamb rogan josh and malai kofta were good too. Good nan, bit stingy on the rice but all in all a good local curry house, at last. I understand the low scores - service is a bit sketchy - but come on they have only just opened.
Competent Indian food, the best within walking distance of my apartment, but nothing special for New York. The chicken vindaloo is really, really spicy, only order it if you're sure you can handle it, but if you can you'll be happy. The prices are good and it's BYOB, which means I end up here a lot. Delivery is slow and the delivery person (sometimes underage) doesn't have change half the time.
I was hoping that Taj Kabab & Curry would relieve me of my need to order from Taj Mahal on N. 5th Street whenever the curry & nan fever hit me. Boy, was I sorely disappointed. My Mom and I ordered a handful of things to try. We started with vegetable samosas (dry and tasteless) and vegetable pakora (these fritters were soooo hard we could barely bite into them. They were truly awful). Then onto Malai Kofta and Sag Paneer. Both dishes were so oily, I tried to spoon out the pools sitting on top of each container...it didn't help. I've never had such gross "vegetarian" indian food in my life. Not only did we throw away the food, we spent $40 for it. NEVER AGAIN.
This place just opened 10 days ago. It has nice atmosphere and the food is awesome. I got the chicken tika masala and the saag - they were both DELISH! They also gave us a bunch of free little sides to try like a vegetable salad and chickpea soup. The service was A+. Right now, they are BYOB but it sounded like they were working on getting their liquor license. It seems like this place might just be the end of a long search for good indian food in williamsburg!
I've only ever gotten delivery and I am definitely a fan. The banana pakora is delicious and the service is always fast! The one time it wasn't they were very apologetic and instead of delivering the food cold, they called to tell us they were making us new ones and then gave us free naan. Sometimes there is inconsistency in the level of care of each dish, but the flavor is always there. AMAZING.
I always bemoaned the fact that Williamsburg was lacking in a decent Indian restaurant...thank goodness for Taj Kabab & Curry!  The food is so good and their delivery range is pretty wide (many places don't deliver to our apartment).  We order from them frequently and the service is fast and friendly!My boyfriend and I have also both been to the restaurant in person on separate occasions and both had great experiences.  Most of the dishes are under $10 and are delicious.  The mulligatawny soup is excellent and the vindaloo is actually SPICY.  They also have a pretty good variety of dishes (vegetarian, meat, seafood, etc.).  A new neighborhood favorite.
i went here on the day that they opened, and they definitely had a ways to go to improve, but boy were they trying hard.  i'm so psyched that they deliver, they're open late, the delivery driver is relatively friendly, and they always bring SO much flippin food. it's definitely a deal.  and most of the food is pretty yummy.  it's not the best indian ever, but i've had worse, for sure.highlights include your standards: naan (garlic or onion) chicken tikka masala, the saag wasn't my fave, but their raita is good.  the chicken curry is also yummy, and so are the samosas.  lots of dishes for everyone here. OH. and you can use a credit card thru seamless web.  joy.
I wont even mention that it took an hour and 45 min to get my delivery , oops, but in the end the food was so bad that I completely forgot that it took and hour and 45 min to get my delivery. I can honestly say that it is THE worst Indian food I've ever had. Back to Mahtaj Mahal on N.5th/Bedford for me!
Ugh, this place is so gross. The food was oily, they didn't give me enough rice, and the delivery guy was a total asshole. He was mumbling terrible things because he had to walk up 5 flights of stairs. Not my problem buddy that you hate your life!
Is there no good Inian food to be had in Williamsburg? My husband and I stopped in there one afternoon, when a hankering for aloo gobi and chicken rogan josh hit. We walked in, and were seated at a partially set table, where someone had very obviously just left. When I asked to seat elsewhere, I was told no. There was no one else in the restaurant. OK... It then took 10 minutes for someone to come over and give us any mind. We started off with an order of vegetable samosas, which were pretty good. Had I known what was awaiting me, I would have stopped there. When my main order of aloo gobi arrived, it was swimming in a pool of yellow grease that resembled the "butter" from movie theater popcorn. The rogan josh was also swimming in it. The potatoes in my dish were mealy, and the cauliflower was mush. The meat in the rogan josh was stringy and tasted old. The naan that came out didn't taste fresh, and was barely warm. It, too, had yellow grease. At the end of the meal, they gave us this little custard dish that almost tasted like mango, but moreso tasted like stale fridge. Maybe they were trying to sweeten up the experience, but it fell flat. Maybe I'll give it one more go, but it'll be difficult to muster excitement over it.
I've been ordering from these guys for a few months. LOVE the food but I'm officially giving up on them. Even though I place my order online, they have still managed to repeatedly send me the wrong entrees.  I don't even know how they manage to do that - it's in writing!! Anyway, last night it took 2-3/4 hours from the time i placed my order to finally receiving the correct food, and only after I called three times to follow up. Very frustrating. Chicken Bhindi, I'm going to miss you most of all :(
My favorite place for Indian. Period. Price is great for the amount, and the staff is very accommodating. I've come into Brooklyn just for this restaurant. Make sure if you order the dinner special that you are clear on what it comes with.
A truly amazing Indian restaurant that delivers on atmosphere, service and most importantly delicious food!We stumbled upon this restaurant when walking on Grand Ave on a Tuesday evening. Do not be put off by the tacky signage, and expensive  interior appearance (white table cloths & nice decor). This experience is far from tacky and exceptionally good value. My partner and I ordered a starter, two entrées (with rice) and a Lassi which I have listed below as all are highly recommended! These are all vegetarian dishes...PapadumsBanana PokoraAloo Paratha Naan (potato Naan bread)Aloo Shag (spinach & potato curry)Vegetable Kurma (creamy vegie & chickpea curry)Basmati rice (which came with the curries)Mango LassiA complimentary dessert of Frini (Coconut Custard)The Papadums are served with three sauces/relishes which are delicious and were a highlight, along with the Mango Lassi, also a highlight, which was the best I have had. The curries were hot, fresh and delicious.  As good as any high end Indian restaurant. The complimentary dessert just topped off our night, despite being very full we ate the dessert and took the remaining curries home for another meal. The serving portions are of a decent size...we were hungry and over ordered. Our waiter who was clearly the owner of the restaurant was on top of his game all night. Our order was taken promptly, our water glasses constantly filled, the food service was quick, and follow up by our waiter was frequent. The atmosphere is casual and not loud, but nice with Indian tunes in the background and beautiful copper traditional crockery for the table making it feel like an authentic Indian experience. Even more authentic were the funny spelling mistakes that littered the menu like 'straters' & 'soffron' & 'diete' ...A++We will definitely be back again.
Just got back from dinner here with a friend and I realllly enjoyed it! The service was wonderful and the food was even better! Mango Lassi's were refreshing, the Chickpea appetizer was very tasty and I could've had that as a main. The Chicken Malai was fantastic, not too sweet and Chicken Tikka Masala was delish too! Our waiter even brought us a little custard dessert on the house to try. Very nice restuarant, will definitely be back. Oh and the the prices are incredibly reasonable!
Pretty much this spot has the best Indian food I've ever had. I don't get any of that "my food came with a whole inch of oil" type deal - the food was really, really well seasoned and a pleasure to eat. The rice was soft and aromatic, both the lamb and beef tasted marinated (I had one, my friend had the other) and were soft enough to be cut with a fork, and everything on the hors d'oeuvres sampler plate was spot on. Not for nothin', but there are a lot of complaints coming from people ordering take out - y'all don't know that Indian food comes straight out of the kitchen or not at all? It did say grade pending on the window though D:
extremely consistent... great vegetarian menu, excellent staff..
This is by far the best Indian restaurant in Williamsburg.  The take out is a little greasy but if you are dining at the restaurant then miraculously the food is just right.  The service is great because the staff is friendly.  It does bother me that they refill the water too often (like every 5 min).  I guess they just assume I can't handle the spice.  Their food is very flavorful.  They are funny because they will always give an awesome sales pitch on appetizers and desserts.  I like that about them.  Their vegetarian dishes are full of flavor.  Their biryani dishes are so delicious.  Both the chicken biryani and the vegetable biryani I had their has been very flavorful.  The mint sauce is something I am addicted to.  And their garlic naan although the portion is a little small is totally worth the $3.95.  So delicious.  But like I said.  This place is definitely much better if you dine at it instead of take out.
I've had my share of issues with this place as I know mistakes are made...   This is to the people who have spoken to the "owner".   I'm not sure if I ever spoke to the owner but I did speak to the manager who is female.  I've had 2 different issues on separate occasions.  She has always been calm and tries her best to rectify the situation.  1) it took forever and a year to get some food delivered, and she offered a discount on the next order 2) I went to dine in and the dude there would not let me sit where I wanted to sit.  There was no one in the dinning room. I tried to ask him why he wanted me to sit in a specific seat, but he got extremely rude and hostile with me to the point I felt threatened so I just left.  I spoke with the manager again and she apologized for his behavior.  Based on these reviews it makes me wonder if maybe you guys were talking to the rude person I was dealing with.  He claimed to be the manager, but I knew from the previous issue that he was not.    The food is always amazing and I hope they stay consistent.  Dear owners, please maintain a good customer service policy, it makes me want to spend my money there when you are nice to me.  If I am burned too many times I am going to have to learn to make this stuff myself.
Amazing. We were shocked and amazed at how delicious everything was. There was this fried ball of bread around a banana slice, and all I can say is stop the presses. Cause someone needs to change the front page headline to "Couple dies in Brooklyn after faces explodes with flavor".
Place has delivered to our apartment.  All of a sudden tonight they decide not to.  Lost a customer tonight, and I'm going to make sure none of my friends in the area eat there again.
I love this place!  They are open late and their food is tastey. And the delivery is always SUPER FAST.   They do their dishes a little differently than I have had in other places, but definitely tasty.  I am addicted to the Sag Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala.  one note:  I accidentally ordered the sag paneer hot --and they aren't joking.  I am no wimp  . . .  but I couldn't eat it.  But that was my accidental mouseclick that caused it.  I ordered a shrimp dish and it was very scanty for the price.   Only 4 shrimp and they weren't that fresh.  Still the dahls and sag paneer are yum!
Got food from here about a dozen times over the last year. Prices are reasonable. However the last two times I have noticed the standard of the food has gone down. Chicken very over cooked, bland taste from the sauce, samosa oily. Hopefully things will improve. Personally I will not be ordering from there in the near future.
the food is amazing, but they really need to get rid of the chicken heads they have answering the phones. worst ordering experience i've had to date.
After putting us on hold and making us wait while they took 4 other orders, they brought the wrong food. After arguing with us that the tandoori chicken they delivered was in fact not the the paneer tikka masala we had asked for, they replaced it with panir floating around in red tepid water. It was inedible. After 2:30 hours we had to stay up so that they could pick up the food (to prove we had not eaten it) and ended up going to bed hungry without a single apology. Well done from A to Z.
I've only ordered delivery, but it's always speedy and the people who deliver are very sweet! The chicken tikka masala and garlic naan are amazing! I will definitely keep ordering from here.
Food ok.  Delivered to us for months.  Then just stopped.  Can't stand a place that doesn't keep their delivery boundaries consistent.
I order delivery from here on a regular basis. Always dependable and tasty. I usually get the veggie samosa, the chicken bhindi (okra) and one of the breads. Sometimes some of the okra is too woody to eat, but for the most part, it's all excellent. The samosas are particularly good, they know how to deep fry, that's for sure.
They're alright, though the delivery portions were a bit small. I've never eaten in, so I can't say what that's like. The mulligatawney soup is nice and spicy, the boti kabab was pretty good, but the lamb balti left me wanting.
looked nice inside, but i never even got to eat. someone behind the counter greeted me without looking up. i sat myself and waited for anyone to give me a menu or let me know that there could be a wait. the host, waiter, and cook who seemed to work there were all chatting with one another - no one appeared to make any effort to help me. i sat there for about 10 minutes before walking out. curry heaven is just a few steps down the street: ive eaten there multiple times and highly recommend the food and service; plus, they have a tv thats always playing bollywood videos!
not-so-good indian food.the chicken tikka masala, somekind of paneer with peas, and pulao were all really greasy. the pulao was seriously some of the greasiest rice i've ever seen. the brown rice was not greasy, but it was a bit hard. the paneer was also a bit hard. i did like my vegetable kurma, though.
I was definitely confused by the 2 five star reviews vs. 2 one star reviews. Maybe it was an issue of delivery vs. dining in. My experience here was a positive one. I am not super well versed in indian cuisine but I have had tikka masala from over a dozen different spots all over the country. I know what I like when it comes to that dish. This place was solid. I asked them to make it spicy and it was perfect. The veg samosas were good as well. The plain naan was a little crispier that usual but I liked it that way. They gave me some free stuff since they just opened (Stewed cabbage, dal, and coconut pudding.) Everything I ate was tasty. There was a bit of a language barrier when I asked to take my leftovers to go but the staff was generally friendly. The ambiance is nice but a bit cramped. I like the silverware and lamps. It was waaay better than Curry Heaven across the street. I will absolutely return. I want to see if they know how to cook lamb.
If I could give this place no stars I would. I've called them 10 times  & waited 4 hours for their delivery & it's still not come. The guy on the phone was very snide with a "whatever you wish" only to make me feel like I'm waiting when waiting for nothing. Very dickish & unreliable.
Don't eat here. I ordered chana masala, and when it arrived, it looked as if it was marinated in red cough syrup, so who knows what kind of disgusting ingredients they use. (It's supposed to look a little orange/yellow with tomatoes). ANd of course tasted bad. They also messed up the other part of my order, and when I called them to ask them to deliver the right order or give me a refund, the guy started yelling at me, telling me I did in fact have what I ordered. On top of all that, it takes about 30 minutes to order takeout, because they have people answer the phone who don't understand English, which is obviously really annoying
They just opened I believe and have better indian food than Curry Heaven. My boyfriend loves how spicy the chicken vindaloo is. I had the tikki masala and chicken madras which was all right. The samosas were horrible though greasy and overfried. The garlic naan was good with bits of chopped garlic. The menu states you get a 10% discount if you order above $20 for takeout. But the two times I ordered I never got the discount. Taj Kabob is also more expensive than Curry Heaven and you have to wait quite a while for the food if you're not dining in. I ordered for pickup and it took an hour and a half before getting my food. The first time I went in after 45 minutes they couldn't find my order and asked me to come back. Thankfully they had my order ready when I came back in. Although to be fair the phone was ringing off the hook for one order after another. And the restaurant was 90% full at the same time.
We ordered takeout and never even got it. After 1 hour and 20 minutes of waiting and despite reassurances that the delivery person was on their way we finally cancelled the order. We were put on hold for endless minutes. I doubt we'll try again.
Worst delivery experience ever! The guy called and asked for my cross streets and said he was nearby.  Gave them to him and then went to the door and waited outside for 20 minutes for him.  He calls back and says that he can't find my place and I'm like how can you not find it.  I told him AGAIN the two streets I was between and that I'm the only idiot standing on their stoop in the freezing cold.  Another 15 minutes goes by and I'm on the phone with delivery.com about to cancel the whole thing when this bike goes by and starts looking at door numbers.  It's him.  I finally get my food which is now luke warm at best.  The samosas were greasy as hell and the pakoras were soggy blobs of blech.  And they were unapologetic the whole time.  Will NEVER order from them again.
Weirdest Indian dining experience of my life, I am somewhat of an Indian food connoisseur so when I'm in a new area I like to try new Indian restaurants. I go in here, no one speaks English so I try to accommodate by pointing to menu items, etc. I order Lamb Tiki Masala, it comes out and it's got the consistency of Chili, also they didn't bring rice with it??? What kind of Indian meal doesn't come with rice? So I ask for rice and they look at me like I'm an alien, very weird, I eat the weird take on Indian food get my check and leave. Won't go back, too intense of a meal. Food wasn't the typical American take on Indian that I prefer.
I don't think I pay their rent in totality, but I definitely cover the gas bill monthly because of their best in the city (and I've looked) chicken tikka masala. Granted it's the cheeseburger of Indian food, however I feel if you can nail this common dish, you can kill the rest, and man do they. Forget those overly cream based sauces. These are sexual spice explosions in your mouth.
I got the appetizer sampler (forgot the name) and it's a lot of food and interesting! The chicken is great and so is the samosa. The chickpea crisp is ok but the fried vegetables are so charred I had no clue what they were when I opened the foil. Also, the banana pakora is a ball of orange dough bigger than a tennis ball with a tiny piece of banana in the center? Really weird experience but bomb food for way late.
Terrible. I ordered 90 minutes ago and I'm still waiting for my food. I'm only 5 blocks away. Will not get again.
This place is awesome. I order from them way too often and can't recommend it highly enough. I love the Chicken Bengal, but I've had most of the menu and it's great. Fast delivery, good service, and they're very consistent. Get some samosas too. They're perfect.
How are you not going to list having peanuts/cashews ground into the sauce of a paneer tikka masala/vegetable masala. I just ordered like $30 worth of food took a bite and immediately started having an allergic reaction with my throat swelling up. I have a pretty bad allergy to peanuts and have never come into contact with peanut in a masala of any kind. Called to try and get a refund and was given no sympathy and pretty much a guy trying to hang up on me. Not only is that extremely irresponsible of the business but actually dangerous.
The Chicken Vindaloo is some of the best I've had. The samosas are heaven. The papadam, however, is inconsistent -- i order from here all the time, and it's never the same from one week to the next. Which is annoying because I definitely love it some of the time and hate it other times. But that's a minor complaint. Not sure what some of the negative reviews are about as the vindaloo here is spectacular and has ruined me for all other Indian take-aways/delivery restos in the region.
Food poisoning from Taj Kabab. Very disappointing -- had never been here before, but needed some place to go on Thanksgiving when we realized that the place we had planned to go didn't have vegetarian options. The food tasted very average as we were eating it -- somewhat bland but average cheap Indian joint, nothing at all special not not absolutely terrible. Well, except for the kofta dish, that one was way too sweet and heavy and tasted weird. But the terrible part was afterward when both me and my boyfriend were up all night with vomiting with food poisoning. The waiters were also very rude and I almost wonder if they might have intentionally done something weird to the food. I asked them if we could have lemon rice instead of basmati rice with one of the entrees. I was very aware this would cost more, but the waiter barked "NO YOU CANNOT DO THIS" before I had even finished. I very politely said, OK then we will get the rice that comes with it, and also a side of lemon rice thanks. I made a point of being polite because he seemed crazy, but he seemed to think this was some kind of challenge or something. Who knows. They were extremely rude from the moment we walked in -- if anything else had been open in the area we would have just left. I wish we had just left and made a quick dinner at home. Kids, trust your instincts -- when a waiter is that shady at a restaurant, there's a possibility you will be barfing your brains out all night.
I ordered shrimp curry,that was great. Usually it's comes with 4 pcs jumbo shrimp, but I got 6 pcs ,that was awesome, I like this place
I'm a very forgiving and understanding person. Literally 4th time *i know I must be the biggest idiot in the world to keep attempting with this place* I received absolutely not a single fork, knife, spoon, napkin to eat my meal with.I've always let it slide but after the 4th time I was furious.Try eating Chicken vindaloo with your hands.So I called back, got the most incompetent person on the planet to answer the phone and after quite literally 6 times explaining I had no utensils *i had to repeatedly explain what a utensil is*His solution to the issue was for me to walk a mile and come get the plastic wear after I payed for the food and already tipped the delivery man.Never been so insulted and quite frankly if I walked there as he suggested. He would've gone to the dentist the next morning *no I'm not violent by nature*The mother fucking audacity of this piece of ignorant shit is extraordinary.Never again. Ever.
I'm giving this place 5-stars because having never eaten there before, I somehow got the exact food I was craving (usually I have to try a few different dishes at an Indian restaurant before I can figure out their speciality...let's face it, no two saag paneers taste alike) and it arrived at the most perfect time. I ordered the chicken tikka makhuni and it was EXACTLY what I had hoped: the best of chicken tikka with this hint of malai kofta. Dish came with rice. Was definitely more than I can eat in one serving. Looking forward to the leftovers. Seriously. Oh yeah and on a Tuesday night while raining, the food was delivered ridiculously quick. Yum.
The food is good, but my order was completely wrong. And "iced tea" apparently means canned high fructose corn syrup lemon Fuze. Was craving Rasmalai late at night badly, was given the honey balls instead
I guess everyone's experience is different. This is one of the best Indian restaurants in Brooklyn. The food is tasty, the prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly.
If I could give less I would. We just moved into the area and my roommate and I felt like grabbing some home food. This was the closest Indian place around.The dishes that the pappad and the ones laid out on the table were dirty. The service was slow, though our waiter was pretty sweet.I ordered a chicken Kathi roll. I'm Indian but I've never had or seen what was served to me. The Kathi roll had a deep fried shell which was dripping with oil. Dissecting the roll, I thought the filling could be worth it. The chicken had so much food color that it had turned a sun orange. The taste was barely palatable.The kebab platter also had crazy amounts of color and was definitely fried and not roasted.My roommate got chana masala which was again, just like everything on our table, a bright orange. The taste was definitely not up to par. Don't do it.
I could probably save myself sometime and simply copy/paste Jamie D's review from below. Instead I'll break it down per star. +1 Star for being open and delivering after 12am on a Monday. +1 Star for getting my order correct and delivering it to the proper address. -1 Star for the HUGE mess that was made when I opened the bag. Properly securing containers is pretty much delivery 101. I ended up with about a half portion of Coconut Soup (which smelled weird and I opted not to eat BTW) in the container and the other half was sloshing around the bottom of the delivery bag. -1 Star for not thinking to include a single napkin, or any utensils. -1 Star for my interaction with the delivery person. I paid with my card online. When he showed up he tried to get me to pay in cash and proceeded to argue with me as to if I'd paid with my card or not. Once that was settled I was pretty flustered (and hungry) and turned to go inside without tipping- which isn't my style. OH but he made a very vocal point of reminding me to tip. I had NO issue tipping. I always tip. My issue was with the fact that he didn't LIKE my $3 tip. "Three dollars miss?""Yes. Three dollars.""Five Dollars?"HA! At this point in my frustration I simply turned into my apt to finally eat my food. Upon discovering the soup mess, single piece of nan, and absence of utensils I felt quiet confident about my $3 tip. *sigh*Maybe I'll try eating at the restaurant, but will def be avoiding delivery in the future.
I read the yelp reviews and traveled past two (subpar rated ) Indian restaurants  to go to the place rated the best. Pros:Extensive MenuCrab/lobster curry dishes Samosas and pappadum mmmChicken vindaloo was the right kind of spice Cons:Chicken vindaloo was bland literally no flavorNow first thing they assume is I don't know vindaloo ummm that's my favorite dish in the world.  At one point I was eating it three times a week and breakfast leftovers mmm And I don't stick to one place or one city I've literally had vindaloo from like 50 different places. So yea I think I can fairly say I don't like something , the chef came out he was nice although offended I'm certain. He offered half off meal keep in mind I left hungry nothing more than a forkful was touched half off should have been taken off completely for the sake of customer service especially being as though we did order five other thingss on the menu, so they made their $$$$ . I was highly disappointed especially because I would have given it another chance and tried to alter my selection. All I can say is customer service is big they are worried about making an extra $10 off my unsatisfactory experience but could lose ten times that based on someone reading a bad review heck it's the reason why I drove outside my area and passes up the first two spots.
HORRIBLE!! I ordered delivery earlier today and I had the most disgusting experience I've ever have. My friend and I ordered 2 entries (lamb biryani and chicken entree) and one salad (47$ btw without delivery fees etc). It was my first time trying Indian food ever and I was very excited , but unfortunately I won't be eating this cuisine any time soon, that's how bad was my experience. No napkins or utensils weren't included. Half of the sauces and dressings was spilled all over the bag. Salad was cut in huge chunks and you could still see some seeds on bell peppers, plus it didn't have any flavor, worst salad ever. As soon as we started eating my friend found long thick hair in his lamb entree which made me sick to The stomach just looking at it. I'm still shaking. So disgusting!!!! We stopped eating and had to throw all the food away. Almost 50$ for loosing my appetite and ruined evening. Never again !
Being pretty late, this was one of the few Indian places I could find that was open and would deliver to my location. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Nan, and Baklaya. There's no delivery fee, so that's nice. The order took less time to deliver than stated, which was also a plus. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala medium spicy. It ended up being extremely mild on the verge of not having a kick at all. On top of that, when you open the container, there's a pool of oil sitting on top. As others have stated, the food is quite greasy. The chicken was tender, but the overall dish was meh. The Garlic Nan was also disappointing because it barely tasted like garlic. The Baklaya was cloyingly sweet. Not my thing even though I love sweets. Overall, food was pretty mediocre.
Okay, so I'll go ahead and say that, like another reviewer, I'd prefer to give a 4.5. However, if the service  and food are consistently as good as what I experienced,  I have no problem with a 5! The food was very very good (we got the butter chicken and a lamb dish) and the service was excellent - all for a very good price. Given the deliciousness of this food and the value for money, I will come back again and again (well, if I lived in Brooklyn or anywhere close).
If you are looking for your average Indian food this would be your best choice food lack that Indian spices service was excellent price was reasonable atmosphere was nice except for the cobwebs in the corner of the wall
I can't thank these guys enough. Of course the food is great, but the people are even better. Amazingly nice people. Every time they come. Rain or shine. Such great folks. THANK YOU
Another excellent meal at Taj Kabab King. Best Indian food in the neighborhood - reliable, fast delivery and the kindest wait staff, especially Monju, who treated us to lentil soup on the house.
Best Indian/Bangladeshi restaurant in Williamsburg! Food is delicious, the place is quiet, very clean, they use tablecloths and traditional tableware, and the music selection is really relaxing. Ask Monju, the nice and friendly manager, to recommend their best courses -- he'll make you happy! My favorite: Vegetarian Menu... just D E L I C I O U S !
literallyLITERALLYL I T E R A L L YTHE BESTthis resturaunt is so good it actually determined my living locationits so goodmaybeee eat here 3x a week maybe even more.its literally the best, i can't even.
When I order a Kati Roll, I anticipate something specific to what is customarily served.  This did not meet expectations as it was some chicken, chutney and other items in a fried shell and quite greasy- not in an actual Naan or Roti as one would expect.  A big disappointment.  I am giving it three stars for a couple reasons.  One -  I found the filing (chicken, etc...) to be decent (3 stars).  So I am assuming that they do a decent job with other non-kati roll dishes with such ingredients.  Two - the portions were very generous - provided a lot of veggies (lettuce, tomatoes) although they were not in the "Kati Roll" but outside.  The sauces, specifically the additional chutney, was pretty good too.  The pricing for the Kati roll was in range.  I ordered take out so I am not sure what their sit down service is like. I may come back here and give it another try - obviously order something much different.  I am very curious about their traditional bread - naan and roti - if that is quality and not fried, I would recommend they simply use that to make the Kati Roll?  Just a thought.
Ate here once, a while back and that was more than enough!  It looks the part of a perfect indian spot but thats about it.  Everything was really greasy fried to the point of dripping. I've eaten a ton of Indian food and this is not normal so AVOID. Even if you are on Grand Street  and really have a craving for indian then cross the street. There is another Indian place there with no atmosphere, no people, but the food is much better.If anyone thinks this place might've improved, give it a chance, I felt so burned I never will try again.
Ordered takeout and got the chicken tandoori special which is really a combo entree including a bunch of other items. Only restaurant I've seen do this & it offers so much variety and the food tasted great! Will def be back.
i was excited that they deliver so late, but the food was... lackluster."fresh" mushroom shag, not so much. If those were fresh mushrooms, they did an incredible job of making them taste like they were from a can. It was edible but not great.The tomato soup on the other hand... I'm convinced is just heavy cream dyed fluorescent orange. Totally gross, no tomato flavor, had to toss it. Maybe the kababs are better? :/
Pretty solid Indian delivery. The menu is a little too big, you know what that means, so pick your battles (paneer, masala, etc).
By far the worst Indian food I've ever had in my life. Overpriced, bad portions, cooked terribly. I will never order from here again because this wasn't even edible.
This place is a local gem. Not claiming that its the best indian food you'll ever eat, but it definitely satisfies a craving.The service was really great. The waiter was extremely attentive, and very friendly. I think they were thankful to have us in last night, as they didn't have a very full restaurant. They gave us soup and vegetable pakoora on the house as an appetizer- both were delicious. I had the paneer tikka masala and my boyfriend had the shrimp masala. We were both very happy with our meals!Usually I don't feel super great after eating indian food, no matter where its from. But I didn't experience any negative side effects (ha).Delicious food, reasonable prices, friendly atmosphere. Why not?
I never review a place on service, but the service here was so horrible that I don't remember what the food tasted like.  We ordered our food with an 30-40 min expected time.  They arrived at over an hour and a half late.  I called for an ETA and they said 20 minutes.  It came 40 minutes after that.  When I called to complain and cancel the order they said:  "most people are willing to wait 2 hours for our food it's so good."  Basically--we didn't matter and were so lucky to be graced with their food whenever they felt liked it.  My elderly parents were quietly disappointed at lack of food and it really ruined our entire lovely evening.  Service does matter.  And disrespect is a hard taste to get out of your mouth.
Go-to Indian delivery spot. Their sag paneer never disappoints, chicken curry is excellent and chicken tikka is solid. Delivery reliably under 45 minutes of placed order.
Only order from this place if you feel like permanently changing your gut flora. Within 12 hours of ordering delivery from this place, the boyfriend and I both came down with a horrible case of food poisoning. I'm talking literally 4 days of food poisoning -- no exaggeration. Before you ask, no, we don't normally subsist entirely on a bland diet of white bread and boiled chicken. We often eat extremely spicy food and are no stranger to street meat with red sauce. So yeah, order at your own peril.
The chicken saag, rice, and naan was amazing! Staff are super friendly and the service is great. Definitely going back
I really wish I could give 5 stars. I happily ate take out - usually a gluttonous feast of miscellaneous tikki masala, some sort of paneer, and coconut samosas. Oh, the coconut samosas, which are perhaps the most delicious Indian treat around.Then the Red Wedding happened. And by red I mean pink. And by pink I mean uncooked. I landed in lovely Brooklyn after 3 days in beef-filled Dallas and headed straight to TKK. I sat down to eat a feast - a $20-ish sampling of just about everything on the menu. The waiter was one of the weirder people I had encountered. I ate the tandoori chicken wondering why it was so mealy. To my surprise, it was raw. Not rare, but raw - downright uncooked. Holding back the vomit, I stomached the naan and rice. I told the waiter who didn't quite comprehend the gravity of the situation and offered to continue cooking the chicken (which was half eaten at the point when I realized what was going on and wouldn't eat any more). The waiter came back offering to bring me a whole new meal - which was great but I wasn't interested in meat at that point.He then brought the check, which included the raw meal. I asked him to take it off. The manager then came out insisting that I take a full to-go meal (nice of him, but it wasn't curing the nausea). I refused. He insisted. I refused again - letting him know that I wasn't in the mood to eat. Instead of the adjusted check, he then brought out dessert (unordered). Again, this was extremely nice but not getting at the point that I wasn't interested in eating.Sadly, TKK is is off the list. Someone please help me find a place in Williamsburg to eat some good Indian food.
Came here for my engagement party. Great food and very friendly staff. Also BYOB! Great night had by all. Nice big portions of food.
I have never had such delicious home made feeling Indian food. I swear there is an elder Indian women in the back creating these incredible dishes. And to top it off the experience was incredible. I look forward to future dinning experiences.
Delicious Indian food delivered right to our door even though we are pretty far from the location. We had tikka masala and I must say it is one of the best I have tried. The delivery man was very nice and brought our food pretty fast.
I understand a serving of Chicken Tikka Masala has 28 grams of saturated fat and I should be wary of inhaling such a dose, but Taj Kabab King's version gives me the courage to face my maker if the time comes because it's so goddamn good.  (That said I'd be wary of mimicking my preferred method of eating, which is sure to shave a few years off your life; I tend to dump the rice and CTM in a mixing bowl and deploy a frenzied version of the "shovel" technique for quick and high-inducing satisfaction.  Please be safe.  Thank you.)
OMG absolutely quick and delicious delivery!!! By far the best Indian food I have ever tasted... I got the curry vegetable dinner and it came with three different veggie devious....I'm soooo full!!! I will be ordering again in the future...oh...and they close at 2:30 am !!!
Oh my god Taj Kabab King. I'm going to venture and say this is not only the best Indian food in Williamsburg, but also Brooklyn. And Manhattan. Uh, is it bad to say I went to India for a few weeks last month and was missing TKK? All of my roommates are hooked on it, and one of the five of us orders from here at least once a week. The Paneer Tikka Masala is not only amazingly out of this world good, but consistent. One problem I've found with ordering Indian food is at times it will arrive significantly sweeter / saltier / spicier than usual. TKK spices are on point, the perfect mix of tangy / spicy / amazing. Both the cheese nan and cheese poori are, again, better than at any other place I've eaten at / order from in all of NYC. Lastly, when ordering the food is always on time, and often quicker than the estimated wait time. It's consistent, hot and delicious. I've only eaten in the restaurant once, but it was very clean with a nice atmosphere and great service. Last note is their baklava is the best baklava I've ever had. Better than homemade baklava I've had. Better than bakery baklava I've had. Better than all the baklavas I've ever had. Ever.
Sorry guys this was a real disappointment as it got good reviews from others.This was just tasteless, bland, oily and creme filled. The soup was like flour and water.One of the worst Indian dinners, even though the staff was nice for our takeout.
The food came in about 30 mins which I didn't mind, but was very cold and not worth the wait.  The samosas were huge and not in a good way. It was made with way too much dough so the inside was still very much raw and the little bit of vegetable filling was bland. The Taj Kathi Roll was once again bland and made with too much dough so the inside was raw, I had to pick off the outside and scoop the filling out to eat it. Definitely wish I ordered earlier from my usual indian spot, which is cheaper and muchhhh better.
Found this place while craving Indian randomly in Greenpoint during lunch and it has become a keeper.Came in for the Chicken Tikka lunch special for $10. The Nan bread was absolutely fluffy and full of goodness - a perfect compliment to the soup that you're given to enjoy in it's full nan-ny goodness. The vegetable samosa (and meat samosa too) is big and very flavorful that also goes greatly with the soup. The sauces that come with the meal (one is a sliced red pepper, another is a green sauce and another brown) are decent additions at best. The chicken was very nicely cut and full of masala goodness. Absolutely delicious. The rice portion was huge and had some good qualities to it - not too watery, not too hard.. very delicate. Service is fast and you are consistently on by the friendly staff. The decor is beautiful and reminds you of India. I'd give it 5 stars but feel uneasy doing that.. highly recommend checking this place out.
I wanted a samosa, and decided to try this place because it's one of the few Indian restaurants that delivers to Greenpoint; the reviews seemed pleasant enough. I ordered two dinner specials, one of which--supposedly--came with a samosa. Wonderful, I thought! It's my night off my wifely duties and I get a fried treat.The buzzer rings 45 minutes later. I normally try to meet the delivery person halfway, since I live on the 4th floor. This guy wouldn't come up the stairs, which I guess wouldn't have bothered me at all if he hadn't GLARED ME DOWN and seemed not to want to give me the bags of food. I had to kind of reach down for them, and pretty sure there was an awkward 1.5 seconds when he refused to release his grip. Since the restaurant is on Grand Street, maybe he was annoyed he had to come up to my neck of the woods? Then, you know, don't take orders in Greenpoint.But totally forgivable because I don't order delivery to make friends, do I? However, there was NO SAMOSA for me in either bag. No pakora either. And after my showdown in the stairwell, no way was I rushing to get that delivery guy to come back and visit me. Didn't even bother to call, although in retrospect, I lament not having a cold samosa for breakfast tomorrow.The food that I did get was...fine. Tandoori chicken was super dry. Lamb and mixed vegetable curries were decent. The food was lovingly packed, but it's kind of a problem when that's the most thrilling part of your meal.I would not order from here again due to the strangely hostile delivery, dearly missed appetizers, and lackluster entrees.
Food was good nothing out of the ordinary, maybe a 7/10. If you're trying to eat at the restaurant think again! Place is shabby and the environment was off. Waiter was extremely nice don't get me wrong but the owner was there yelling at the employees and the whole experience was uncomfortable.
~*~*~*~For Take Out~*~*~*~*~After a long and cold day, something hot and spicy was needed and it was the best time to try something new. I always see Taj Kabab King on Seamless and thought now was as good a time as any. I ordered two Tandoori Chicken Dinner Specials. One for me and one for my beau. When the delivery man came, he had two big bags in his hand. I grabbed one, said thank you and tried to close the door. He stopped me and handed me a 2nd bag. a SECOND bag!For $14.95, the Tandoori Chicken special came with:- Samosa: a fried pastry filled with potatoes, spices and chick peas- Pakora: A fritter of potatoes and chilies - Papadum: a cracker crisp bread - onion, relish and chutney (those are appetizers)- Tandoori chicken: Yogurt marinated chicken with spices- shamai kabab: ground lamb, chick peas and spices formed into a patty. - lamb curry: Lamb stew in a smoky curry sauce- cabbage - dal: looks like lentils - naan: a fluffy pita-like bread- great for dipping in chutney! - saffron rice: pairs amazingly with curry!- And tea or coffee ALL OF THAT! IN ONE MEAL! and I ordered TWO!Suffice it to say, this was a great deal of food. The food itself was actually quite good. I managed to polish off a samosa, some Naan and chutney, a spoon of the lamb curry- so good, tandoori chicken, a spoonful of rice and a bite of the kabab. An amazing value. I am so upset I didn't know about this place sooner. Let us all eat Indian!!!!
love this place! I usually order for delivery and food is always fresh and on time. The delivery guys are well mannered.the dinner special is a win ! price is within limit and the portions are good. I ordered the tandoori dinner and as usual wasn't disappointed
Three stars seems right. You know, when I first tried food from this joint (2011?) I had to toss it out... That bad. Recently, a buddy suggested he had experienced the same previously, though now the kitchen is different. I can attest that it is no longer a 1-star place. Garlic Naan w/ Sagg Paneer is enough for two, and at something like $11-13, it's an easy dinner option (takeout or, I presume delivery). I wouldn't go out of my way to dine-in, but as others have said, ownership and staff seem like friendly folk. That's worth something.
I did my research and read the reviews on Yelp and seamless. They looked decent, not stellar. Read the "not recommended" reviews. I write this with a bad case of diarrhea after eating their vegetable samosa, vegetable tikka masala, and garlic naan. Four of us ordered the same last night, Friday. Three of us have diarrhea  and the fourth had stomach cramps last night. Please choose another location of you value your hard earned weekend. The operator also said the delivery would be 45 minutes tops. It was an hour and 10 minutes.
Have tried plenty of indian delivery spots in BK and this one was a disappointment.  Ordered the shrimp madras and chicken vindaloo - the shrimp was definitely not fresh and the vindaloo was so spicy it was impossible to eat (for the record my background is caribbean and I'm not afraid of spicy food).  From prior reviews this place may be decent for restaurant eating, but don't be surprised if you end up with a meal in the trash. On top of it all they arrived 20 minutes later than the 'crystal ball' estimated on seamless.
Wanted to update by saying they got rid of the person who was unfriendly at the register.  The lady who owns the place (maybe part owner?) is super friendly and they seem to have recently hired better help at the register.
Their Indian take-out definitely keeps me on my toes.Mostly because I have ordered the same thing about 5 times in the past two months or so and it has never tasted the same.My order is Lamb Madras with Cheese Nan. I have always been familiar with a lamb madras made with a medium to hot curry sauce with a distinct herby-ness (technical term). In my history of orders, this dish has arrived on the tomatoey and sweet side one day and fiery hot, barely edible, hurts-my-tongue-when-I-exhale spicy another day. This is fine. I am no stranger to living dangerously. I watched Eat Pray Love, I know the joys of spontaneity. But please, please leave the cheese nan out of this. While it is usually a lovely fluffy piece of nan with a lightly singed, bubbly surface folded over a delightful cheese-whiz-esque condiment.... sometimes that shit shows up burnt and rubbery. Obviously this has not deterred me from ordering again and again. Am I glutton for punishment? Have I no take-out standards? Have I no money for a psychologist which causes me to sort out my deep-rooted issues on yelp?Maybe.
Just a really solid Indian joint with delicious basics all around. Samosas are amazing. Great lunch specials and ridiculously friendly and attentive service.
So I guess we DO have decent Indian food in the neighborhood after all!We did takeout on Seamless - ordered 2 Saag paneer and 2 Garlic Naan. Came with 2 cans of soda. When we arrived, it was ready (on time as expected). On a brief glance at the place: it's kinda cute, on the smallish side, friendly staff (eager to help me retrieve my food).The Saag Paneer was yummy, although the paneer was a little too chewy. The Garlic naan was great (but how bad can it be, really).If I'm ever in the mood for Indian and can't get into out of my neighborhood for some reason, this will be a viable option. But for a serious Indian craving, I'll probably travel elsewhere.
Wow, reviews are all over the place for this restaurant. I'm new to the area, and am in an experimental mood, so stopped by for some takeaway curry. I got the chicken korma, which was creamy and nutty, as it should be. Rice was a bit oily. The volume is very generous for about $10, about two meals worth of food. Early signs being good, I'll probably give them another try.
Amazing - Amazing - Amazing! I've been at Taj twice and each time was wonderful.  A real gem.  The food is excellent, authentic, and full of bold flavors.  Dishes I recommend: Sag paneer, vegetable kurma, lamb vindaloo, and SHRIMP SHAHI KURMA.  But I'm almost positive that every selection is delicious.  I have yet to be disappointed.  Other highlights: a lovely and generous staff, super affordable, and BYOB.  This is a must
I just recently started going to Taj Kebab King and am extremely surprised I did not go sooner. The lunch specials are all an insanely good deal - you pretty much get a 5 course meal for under $10 and the food quality and taste is amazing. The entire restaurant is very clean and atmosphere is classy, aesthetic of the plates/utensils are very cool as well. Overall I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a unique and comforting eating experience.
Never again. The waiters here are absolute pigs. The oldest man had the nerve to "accidentally" graze my friends chest twice and grabbed at my skirt as I walked out the door. She wasn't going to say anything to management about it, but the minute he went for me I flipped out and insisted on speaking to the MOD alone. Said waiter stood inside laughing with the rest of the staff while the manager tried to explain to us that he "wasn't all there" and that they were going to fire him tonight. Yeah, I'm sure that's going to happen. Dude's lucky he didn't actually make contact with my ass because if he had, he would've been met with a swift fist to the jaw.   Not fucking cool.
There are friendly restaurants and very friendly restaurants, but recently my brother and I experienced what may be a new level of friendliness at Taj Kabob King.  Not only was the service helpful and prompt, but the staff really went out of their way to make our meal enjoyable and memorable, stopping by from timer to time to bring us little treats free of charge, just because they were nice people.  The food is standard Indian fare, well prepared and tasty.  My vegetable kurma was chalk that I hoped it would be, and the lemon ice cream dessert was just the right  way to end the meal.I'd gladly go back for another meal.
There just is no good curry to be had in Williamsburg... I tried Taj Kabab King and Bay Leaf, both were awful; terrible quality meat, very oily, the Jalfrezi was not a Jalfrezi, the vindaloo had no flavor, the makhani was a joke, pappadoms oily and cheap, felt like everything was cooked in a hurry for unsuspecting goras. There is a business opportunity for someone to open a quality curry house in Williamsburg, an area that otherwise has some great restaurants!
Curry Special seemed overly spicy, with a lack of distinct flavor.  Found a couple bones throughout, so it's nice to know they're deboning their own chicken, albeit haphazardly.Fried items were hot & fresh, although a little greasy.  Overall a decent meal, but nothing memorable.
I loved every single thing about my lunch here. Priced below market at seven bucks, I got a 3 course meal and a cup of lightly brewed Indian tea which comprised THE BEST INDIAN FOOD I'VE EVER HAD!  I ordered the saag paneer vegetarian lunch special. My fav.  I order saag paneer at just about every Indian restaurant I go to. This version was head and shoulders above the rest--it was thick and hearty, maybe a bit tomatoey (?), the rice-inch long grain, cooked perfectly. I've already eaten a whole 'nother meal since then, yet this flavorful Indian food is all I can think about!  Amazing.   Our waiter fawned over us just enough--not too much, not too little. He answered all our questions pleasantly (despite being nagged waaaaay too much by his boss) and was personable without being all up in our biz.  This meal left me stuffed and happy!  If I didn't have The FOMS ('Fraid Of Missin' Something') I'd go back a couple more times during this short Brooklyn vacation.
Amazing food, incredible service. Monzu is the best waiter known to man! I highly recommend this spot to anyone with taste buds.
I cannot speak for their table service, only for take-out.  I picked up my order, and it was a sort of cold exchange, just gave me the bag & had me sign, and the guy didn't even say good-bye.I've never had Indian take-out this greasy and flavorless before.  We ordered a salmon tikki masala dish, and the small salmon pieces were drenched in sauce and there was about 1 inch (and I'm not exaggerating!) of oil floating on the top.  Absolutely disgusting.  I ordered an okra dish which also had a thick layer of oil on the top, not quite the inch of oil, but at least a half inch.  I could only take two bites after I poured the oil off, because the sauce was really lacking seasoning/spices.  Perhaps you'll have a better experience eating there, but I do not recommend this at all for take-out!
This place is my go to indian delivery. Their prices are a bit high, their food is greasy, but they are so far above their competition that they have my undying loyalty. Curry Heaven? That new place on Havemayer? Nah, yo.Get the Sag Paneer, which has massive chunks of cheese and can be served spicy or mild. Chicken tikka masala. Garlic Naan. Veggie Samosa.
This is a great spot for indian. I have gotten food from Taj Kebab tons - it is the best indian delivery in my area. I also have had dinner here a few times. It is too cute inside + BYOB! I wasn't expecting it to be so nice, I was thinking it would be more like a counter that you ordered at you know? Nope, linen table cloth, nice waiters and cool metal cups haha. Overall I would say my delivery experiences have been better than my eat-in ones.  I love me some butter chicken.. I love it. The bf loves just about any vindaloo - spicy spicy spicy. We have both have really enjoyed both here but the biggest problem is inconsistency. Last time we came by to have dinner in everything was super salty. We let the waiter know and the chef came right out and tried to correct the problem. He offered to remake the dish, make new rice and he even gave us some dessert. I really enjoy the food here and I will continue to order but just hope you come on a good night for them!
I LOVE East Indian cuisine. I've eaten in many places around NYC and the tri-state area, from tiny, carry-out only stuff to the most expensive places, like Mantra on Route 4 West in Paramus, NJ.There are only (3) decent restaurants I know of in the city. This is one of them. I've eaten here (3) times now.Having been a waiter before, I know what they should be doing for their customers. Also, I'm familiar with typical Indian service in U.S. restaurants - which is typically, fair on average.This place not only makes fantastically delicious food using authentic Indian recipes, but also are very attentive and polite. They frequently open doors for customers, give you complimentary chai on occasion and refill your water constantly.Always willing to bring me more papadom and green curry sauce, and spice up the mulligatwany or chicken tikka masala whenever asked. :pThe atmosphere is very pleasant, intimate and even exotic. The decor makes me think of of India.There is always too much for me to eat. They're happy to brown bag it for me and always put in extra green curry upon request.I'm always leaving them a 20%+ tip. They deserved it every time.If you want East Indian. Go here. You won't regret it. Soo many choices, you're bound to enjoy your experience!!
Consistent! Eat in and the portions are generous. Cook will send you extra appetizers on the house. Sag paneer is my favorite.
Delicious! The lamb tikka masala is EVERYTHINGGGGG! Pretty affordable considering the area, and you get a ton of food. Love this place.
Pretty standard flavors and fare, but still good and I will probably make it my go-to Indian since it's close by.
One of my favorite restaurants. Dine in or delivery is great. The dinner specials are excellent and include a ton of food. Delivery is always quick and packaged well. When dining in, the service is great. Food is truly excellent.
I live relatively close to Taj Kabab King and have ordered from them at least four times in the past 6 months. Unfortunately, it seems like the quality of the food is inconsistent. For example, as I recall from the first time I ordered the Paneer Makhuni it was great. However, in my most recent order it was oozing oil, loaded with sugar, and the paneer was firm and a bit rubbery.
Have been going there and ordering delivery from them for years. Consistently so good and so reasonable. And byob. The Malai or Pasanda are especially delicious. Have I had better Indian? Maybe. But I'm always happy to be eating Taj. Bonus: it is not hipstery which is a rare treat in this neighborhood.
My whole family's from India. My mother is one of the best cooks I've ever known, and my grandmother was better than her. So at this point, I've pretty much given up on finding a good Indian restaurant that doesn't cost WAY more than necessary ($14 for a bowl of okra, are you insane?!) So at this point, I have lowered my expectations to looking for decent American Indian food whenever I get a craving and don't feel like flying home. Is Taj Kabab amazing? No. But the food is actually decent, and the prices are great. The tandoori chicken in the korma and badami tukre is yummy, if I ask for spicy it's spicy, and it's not as bland as plain cream. Plus delivery's always been on time, and by a nice guy. I'm satisfied. Tip: if you're getting the samosas through delivery, preheat your oven to 350 and when you get them, toss them in for five minutes. They're pretty good on their own, but toasted up a bit they are SO much better.
I really like this place for eating in. The waitstaff is attentive and I like the decor and metal glasses. THere is not much for Indian food choices in the area and this one is good. They don't deliver to me, but I will walk here as opposed to getting Indian from the other choice in the area. Mango Lassis are sooo delicious. And every dish I have tried here is delicious.
Eek. I think I've only gotten 1 menu from this place? Maybe that's why I don't have much of a beef with them...Ordered online through Seamless. I love me some dal. It was just what I was looking for: warm, fragrant, and filling. It's a little (eh, a lotta) bit dorky that I loved that they gave me all three of the condiments in little to-go plastic thingys. That was the best part. :) I'll definitely order from them again.
Stop messing around and get any of the tiki masala, (paneer, chicken, or lamb). Taj Kabab King is my go to restaurant everytime when i visit the city. They are hands down the best indian food restaurant in the United States and from what my friends, who visited india, tell me, Taj Kabab King is untouchable when it comes to quality and taste. You should top off your meal with baklava. Its excellent, superb, mindblowingly good. The only thing negative i have to say is I dont live near taj kabab king so i have to drive up 5 hours to get it. Definitely worth it every time.
This is the first Indian restaurant i went to when i first moved to NY, so maybe i like it better than any other place. I dont actually go there lately, but have the food delivered to my house. Compare to most of the places on Grand st, the price here is totally acceptable with a huge amount of food. Any dishes in chicken specialties is all good, my favourite one is chicken shag. Remember the time i ate there too much, they even served me free soups, sometimes free dessert. Staffs are really nice and helpful. So why not 5 stars?
Best Indian food delivery service I have ever experienced, great value for good quality food, quick delivery.
Jackpot!!I order indian food a lot.  I go to indian restaurants, and I order takeout.  I had been meaning to stop in here as I had searched for some spots in this neighborhood.Yesterday I ordered takeout from here, and I was simply blown away.  The mixed vegetable curry was superb.  Definitely definitely homecooked recipe here.  Also ordered poori which was very good.  The other item that I ordered was a pea and cheese dish - not muttar paneer but something else.  Tasty.  They explained that they don't use ghee in their cooking but rather sesame oil.  I'm guessing maybe they are south indian?Anyway, I will go here again in a heartbeat.  It's fabulous.
Taj Kabab King is excellent and I'm sorry to see the overall rating isn't higher. I have tried quite a few things on the menu and I've yet to be disappointed. I really believe this place hits a real sweet spot with quality food and price point.  Dine in, take out, whatever the case- Taj Kabab is my go to Indian joint. I love it.
Order takeout from here once a week. Always solid never great. For Williamsburg though, definitely does the trick when you want Indian.
I really like there food. But they are the biggest offenders when it comes to dropping menus. And not just after a delivery. Their menus are always strewn all over the sidewalks. I can't go 2 blocks without seeing one. If you order from seamless. Don't tip them online. Wait till they deliver and then tip. They can be very careless and rude when the know they already have your tip
Literally used to be my favorite restaurant in all of New York, but I think they're under new management because one night after waiting for what felt like forever to finally go and it was horrible. We ordered all of our usual dishes and the quality had extremely diminished, the service was horrible and I found lamb in my vegetarian dish. I, unfortunately, will never eat here again which makes me really sad considering this place just a few months ago was SO GOOD!
I have never actually been here.I have only ordered delivery. However I have ordered delivery more times than I can count. It is my go to when I am being lazy and want indian food - which happens way more often than I'd care to admit. Delivery has never been late, nor have they messed up an order (yet).I generally cycle between the Chicken Curry or the Chicken Madras. Both I find to have a decent amount of flavor and some kick.I have had a variety of other dishes here but felt they were just OK. Nothing to write home about, nor do I know if it is authentic... but it tastes good when it's sunday, I am hungover and want to get my face spiced off and watch football. It is very similar to Bay Leaf - bay leaf does some dishes better than tkk and vice versa.
Went here for the first time a few days ago. Great service and great food. They gave us a complimentary appetizer. There was a bit of a language barrier and when I asked what the complimentary dish was they said something I couldn't understand. But it was great anyway. I got the Chicken Tikki Masala and my friend got the Chicken Curry . It was all good and served promptly. I'm a big indian fan and this was perfect. Good prices and take cards.
I always get Chicken Tikka Marsala (& Garlic Naan) and they make one of my favorites in NYC. Most places in NYC make theirs too sweet IMO. I first tried Indian food in SF, CA (where I lived for 7 yrs) and hardly any places in NY have come close to being as good as the Indian food that I remember eating there... until this place. I got takeout recently and it was a bit oilier than I would've liked to seen but flavor was still great. Reading all the other reviews it sounds like it can be inconsistent but I can't complain yet (and hope I won't ever have to!!)
From time to time I yelp to silence the haters.  Today I will praise Taj Kabab King in Williamsburg.  I was put on to this place during an okcupid date in the area maybe a year ago.  Let me tell you, I stopped going on Okcupid because those bitches are dumb and / or crazy but I still go to Taj Kabab.  Actually the girl who told me to go here was nice but just not my type.  What is my type is the wide variety of delicious Indian fare with big portions and low prices.  Is it the best I've ever had?  No, but it's still very good.  From the Veggie Korma to the Chana Saag, it never fails.  Here's a date I take myself on:  If I'm riding my bike down Grand and the aroma of Taj Kabab consumes me I  place my order to go and wait it out across the street at Ontario where I play Ms. Pac Man alone.  Then if I'm still awake after eating so much Indian food I masturbate.  Four Stars!
Surprisingly decent Indian for Williamsburg. Unlike the owner's previous restaurant near Bedford, this place makes decent food. and it's far enough away from the condo-hell to be relaxing.
CAUTION: ROACH LEG'S FOUND IN DELIVERY FOOD! That's all I'm F'ing saying! My man is fighting with me saying that it is def a HAIR! AS IF that makes me feel SO MUCH BETTER! Luckily this was found early in the meal, and at least that dude ZIMMERMAN is still alive after eating things possibly much worse. NEVER EVER AGAIN!
Have ordered delivery from this place about ten times and finally stopped in last night to eat dinner.  For delivery, the food is always very good and the portions a nice size though not overwhelming, and I was curious to taste the food straight out of the kitchen.  It was even better, especially given the fact that the restaurant is intimate, uses nice tableware, and the service is spectacular.  They even provided a couple appetizers on the house to start the meal.  I have found many Indian places in NY to be too oily and not have a strong consistency, but such is not the case here.This is an excellent option for delivery or dine in if you want tasty and affordable Indian food.
One of my favorites. I am trying to think of a single complaint and actually can't. Ok, maybe I could go for more paneer in the Saag Paneer, but I mean, that's true at most Indian places. I am not crazy about the pakoras, but the samosas are quite good. I always call for pick up and it's usually a pretty easy, quick exchange.
The food was delicious. Amazing lentil soup and a good selection of Indian breads beyond naan. The people were very nice and have us complimentary samosas and soup for a party of 4.  Eat here!
This place has the best mulligatawny I have ever had, anywhere. The people are friendly and happy to have you here. This is a place where I am glad that there is never a wait but also worried that they might close cause it's not busy enough. My go to Indian food in bk.
Got their dinner special on seamless, it's an amazing deal. For $16 you get enough food for 2 or 3 people or a few individual meals. It's not the best Indian I've had but it's solid, well spiced, and one of the better options in the area.
Taj Kebab never disappoints.  Understand that when you're ordering Indian Food via delivery, you're ordering comfort food: it's heavy like an Ambien and it's rich and delicious.  When they say spicy, they're not fucking around.  You will pound your head against the wall because your head hurts, and then eat more, because it's delicious.  Then you go to sleep.Is it exceptional?  No.  Is it better than other things that are open at 10pm here?  Yes!  5 stars if they had kept up that nice thing they did when they first opened, sending out a complementary daal and custard with every order that was mediocre in every way but absolutely sealed my love for this place.  But they didn't (boo!) so 4 stars it is.Better dishes:Chicken Bhona - It won't change your life, but it will cure a bad night.Chicken Korma - Friggin' tasty.Chicken Vindaloo - Oh god the sauce.  Do yourself the favor of shaping the plastic delivery parcel like a teapot and pouring some of the excess oil out before consuming, you'll feel better about yourself the next day.That chicken in the spiced coconut sauce with coconut flakes in it: So good if you're stoned.  Are you stoned?  I'd get this.That free onion chutney: Smacks your tongue like it likes it.Ehh:Lamb Vindaloo - Muttony.Rogan Josh: Muttony.  This is my favorite Indian dish and the sauce is fantastic, but don't order lamb from here, it's not very good.Vegetable Korma - Used to be vegetables; it's curried potatoes now.  Basically it's stewed Belgian fries, if you're into that.Coconut Poori - Arrives sad, deflated.  Cold fried bread with some sad, cold coconut in it.Papadum - Just go there if you badly want fried bread, these arrive tasting like salty cold communion wafers.Note: I've never had any delivery problems like some reviews!  They've always been speedy and punctual.
Had lunch here with friends and it was cheap and delish. Had shrimp curry with rice, soup, dal, the crackers with the 3 different sauces, and diet coke. Everything was appetizing and the service was good too.
This place is my shit. I seriously can't get enough.I've been to several Indian restaurants on Lexington, yet none of them compare. Taj Kabab will always be my go-to. The food tastes, by far, superior. And the prices are much cheaper ($9 for an entree, rather than $14).The samosas: cheap and delicious.The naan: amazing. I like aloo, garlic and onion.Mango lassi: Mmm!My favorite dish: Chicken jalfrazi. The flavors twirl across my tongue! I will be sad if I ever leave this neighborhood and don't have Taj at my disposal. It's heaven.
Very good food; nice restaurant; super service.  My husband and I stopped in at random and we're very happy we did.
I'm drooling thinking about this spot. They notoriously screw up delivery orders but I've never had an issue and even if I had, it's good enough for me to accept. Finding solid grub is kinda like finding a compatible suitor, you look past their flaws to reap the benefits. and the benefits of Taj Kabab are leaving with a food baby and an enormous stupid grin.
The food is authentic and delicious. I always order the Tikka Massala and Peshwari Naan, and the never disappoint.Highly recommended, though the delivery time is a little inconsistent, and can take up to an hour.
My roommate and I are obsessed with Taj. My go to is the Chicken Tikka Makhani - perfect combination of sweet, savory, and spicy. Taj is by far the best Indian food I have had anywhere. The staff is very attentive and clearly dedicated to providing a positive dining experience for their guests.  So glad to have found this Indian restaurant so close to home!
I'll admit that I've always ordered delivery and never actually dined in. But their food is EXCELLENT. Maybe a slight downfall - too many options ? But who cares, they're all delicious. Lamb Rogan Josh, Murgi (Chicken) Tandoori, Tomato Soup, Sag Paneer, that chickpea paneer (don't remember the name), Chicken Tikka, Biryanis, even their House Soup is bomb. I love the food here. In fact I'm getting so hungry thinking about their food I'm going to order from them now.
So much food, so little flavor. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and the bhindi masal--which were incredibly bland.The only good thing was the mango lassi--oh, and delivery was quick. Too bad I will never eat here again.
My tandoori chicken biryani had an added charge for the usually standard cucumber raita accompaniment and also had chicken pieces cut so small in it that they looked like corn kernels. My friend's dish was similarly underwhelming. Portion sizes on both dishes were tiny, they didn't taste very good and were expensive for the size. On my way out I noticed the NY Health rating of "B" in the window (ew). Disappointing.
I cant imagine how the food I ordered for delivery could have inspired such positive reviews.  It makes me think the experience and food are completely different when you eat in the restaurant.  My boyfriend and I ordered chicken tikka masala and butter chicken and they were both disgustingly oily.  1/5 of my container of what I think was the butter chicken was bright orange oil.  Do they scrape up the drippings from their pots and box that up for their delivery customers?I will have you know that I lived in New Delhi, India for 5 months and I'm sure most Indian cooks would see that oily muck as an insult to the name "Butter Chicken".
I love these guys - great seafood feast (the salmon is out of this world, a favorite), a lot of food for 15 bucks, very, VERY nice people when you eat in, to all races/people in my experience - delivery is open very late - highly recommend!
I like when food gets my endorphins going and nothing seems to do this on a more consistent basis than Indian food. I know it's weird, but I like food that is borderline unbearably hot. Now, I'm not one of those guys that goes around testing food competition caliber wings or anything like that, but I like hot. The difference with good indian food, and Taj Kabab & Curry is absolutely that, is that with the heat comes layer after layer of subtle flavors from the spice. Taj is a weekly event in our house, trying a new dish each time in addition to our standards.Honestly, everything here is great. I have had one very bad experience where it took almost 4 hours to get my food for delivery, but they were very apologetic and sent a ton of free food with my order when it finally arrived. I chalk it up to a busy night and the rain, and I'm definitely one to give delivery guys the benefit of the doubt when the weather gets crappy. The way I look at it is that if I'm either too lazy or won't brave the weather why should I get mad at a delivery that takes longer than I'd like?Anyway, Taj is awesome, great prices, good portions, great heat, great flavor. I highly recommend this place, and soon enough I'll actually have to go eat in and figure out how I'm supposed to eat all of the condiments correctly.
I live right by here and order a sag paneer from Taj like twice a week. Great food, cheap prices, really nice staff. I usually get delivery and they're quick. I've also really enjoyed eating there - the ambience is great. Sag paneer is a definite recommendation, and I know someone who swears by the salmon tikka masala - which is something I've never seen anywhere else.
This place far exceeds any other Indian food that my girlfriend or I have had. The Chicken Tikka Masala is totally bomb, thick and sweet and spicy. I've also had Chicken Vindaloo here and it's the real thing. Poori is a great side to order. You can get food delivered here from seamless, but it's worth a trip from anywhere in the city. 5 stars well deserved.
The food was quite good--no complaints there. I had the vegetable biryani, which was tasty and had a nice mix of vegetables and a good balance of spices. I wish there had been more nuts and cauliflower, but overall it was delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken korma, which he says was "great." We also ordered baklava, and that was delicious. I would gladly eat from there again...just not delivery.Our doorbell is broken. We ordered on GrubHub and wrote in that it's broken, and asked the delivery guy to please call upon arrival. He did call, but when my boyfriend said "I'll be there in a minute," you know, in the figurative way most people use it to mean "I'll be right there," the delivery guy said "No. Thirty seconds."  He was not kidding.  The unpleasantness continued when the guy chastised us for not getting the super to fix the doorbell (as if we haven't tried!), because apparently calling the provided cell phone number or knocking on the window is an undue burden.  Anyway, he was weirdly nasty and ranted about the doorbell thing for a while.  It was more strange than anything, and as I've never had an unpleasant experience with any delivery person before, I think it's worth noting.Anyway, the food is pretty darn good, and hopefully I'll be able to update this review with a more positive one after I've dined at the actual restaurant.
Aside from the fact that they ALWAYS forget one (always one) item that I've ordered, Taj Kabab & Curry is the best Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  When I started ordering from them last year, the delivery wait time was about an hour, but lately, the wait has decreased to 30min.Lovely poori, chicken bhona, chicken karahai, veggie samosas & chana masala.  I love that they offer Indian sweets, too.  The deep fried items (pakoras, samosas, etc.) are not as greasy as they used to be. Choose basmati or brown rice over the greasy pulao.  Hot mint sauce and dal are a bit watery. It seems like they're stepping up their game, hopefully they continue to do so!
First time I ordered from here (I used grubhub for the 1st time also which if u haven't dl'ed yet, do that right after u read this, it's awesome) AnyhowThey're off to a pretty good start... The food was delicious, I ordered the chicken curry with some nan. & it hit the spot! The reason for 4stars instead of 5, only bc the delivery time was an hour.. Though grub hub did estimate it pretty exact... If they improve their turnaround time after placing an order I will definitely revise this review and give it 5 stars for sure!
This place is so great! They have excellent service, decor, and most of all, food. A friend and I shared vegetable samosas, chicken tikka masala, mattar paneer, saffron rice and garlic naan. They brought out complimentary soup before the food, which was very tasty. All of their plates and glasses are metal which seems super nice. The curries were just right, very fresh and perfectly spiced. They wrapped up out leftovers exactly how we asked without complaint (we split everything) and even served us complimentary mango ice cream for dessert. Great spot!
Food: 8 out of 10 (for Indian)Service: 1 out of 10Great alternative the boring food in the area, but that is about the best part. Don't eat the pre-dinner table snack (should I call it bread?).
Terric food, but the customer service is pretty bad.
We have ordered from Taj Kebab multiple times and I was ready to sing of their praises until tonight.  Their complete disregard for customer service has ensured that I will NEVER order from here again.  1. The Chicken Vindaloo was INEDIBLE tonight because it was ridiculously spicy.  (We've ordered this dish before and we normally don't have any problems.)  The guy on the phone simply responded that everyone says the same thing and it's just how it is.  WHAT?  I just told you that it's inedible.  We threw it out after 3-4 bites.  This is unheard of in my apartment. 2. He handed off the phone to his manager when I told him that I also found a piece of paper in my rice.  His manager mumbled something about how it probably got in there when they were packing up the food and to remind him next time we ordered.  He then said thanks and hung up on me.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  I would rather not eat than order from this place.  At the end of the day, this is New York.  There are TONS of restaurants that can provide decent food and treat their customers with consideration and not like idiots with wallets.  Save your money.  Don't even bother.  What a waste of space.
Service: I brought my mom here for Mother's Day.  It was completely empty, so I figured I'd ask for a window seat.  There were two window-view tables with four chairs.  The very rude host/waiter flat-out said, 'No' and walked us to a table with two seats near the wall.  Most completely empty restaurants would accomodate.  This was even bad for them because there was nobody sitting in the window and nobody in the entire place.  The restaurant continued to be empty for the entire time we were there.  And this was Mother's Day, so thanks for being so impolite.  Next, the waiter was nasty when taking our order.  It was as if he just wanted a different job.  When I already paid the bill, he kept trying to snag the guest check book with my tip money.  I hadn't even put the tip in there yet.  He came over several times to grab it, before it was ready.  He wasn't leaving.  He just wanted to grab that book and get his tip money.  My review does not end here.... The taste:  I used to LOVE this place when it first opened up (this was when it was called, 'Taj Kabab and Curry').  I even raved about it to my friends.  The original owner (not sure if it's the same owner) was very nice, and the food was great.   Now, it has completely gone down hill in taste and texture.  I have no idea what happened.  The food is like fast-food / cheap Indian food. The Chicken Tikka Masala was so bad.  It tasted like a can of tomato paste mixed with rubbery old chicken.  The vegetable korma sauce felt like it was from a can and the veggies were not fresh at all.  The samosa was the worst.  I can't believe it.  The samosas used to be good.  I could get a better samosa in the supermarket.What happened to this place??
I happened to stumble upon this restaurant while walking around the neighborhood with a good friend of mine.  I'm so glad we went in! (and that I was craving Indian that night).  Everyone there was very friendly and made us feel at home.  In terms of the food, it was quite delicious.  My friend had the Vegetarian special, which comes with a great deal of food, all of which was very delicious.  The pakoras and samosas were quite tasty.  He also had saag paneer and bay goon bhartha-(we both said was our favorite), which I couldn't stop stealing bites of!  I had the Chicken Makhani (Makhuni?), which was good, if not a little too sweet for me though.  The service was great.  We also shared a mango lassi, which was addicting.  At the end of our meal, the owner brought us out a free coconut mango custard, which was very tasty.  I eat a lot of Indian food, so I'm happy to have a great option nearby.  I've also ordered to go since my original meal.  Since I've heard that delivery can take some time, I ordered pick up.  Everything was ready quickly.  While my friend's order was very delicious, I was slightly disappointed in mine.  I got the Makhan Wala Dal.  While the flavor was there, there were very little beans.  I wanted a little more for the money.The review is probably more like a 4.5, since overall, I'm very happy with what I've had from there.  I'll certainly eat there again soon, but I might be likely to stick with the favorites.
The guys here were nice enough, but the decor was pretty ghetto, the food was nowhere near authentic and unfortunately it seemed old.
Ugh, they were pretty good when they opened a few years ago but I got delivery this past weekend and they've gone way down hill. Everything was oily and greasy as hell. Oil oozed out of all the containers and got over everything. The veg/lentil soup, which I remember being excellent, was watered down in consistency and taste. Not ordering from them again, Spice Garden wins the grand st Indian game hands down.
Indian food at its worst.I knew what I was in for the minute I tastedthe complimentary papads..smelled of bad oil.Probably had been stored beyond expiry date or cookedIn old oil.Tandoori chicken was a red colored chicken barelyCooked.Felt bad to waste food but could not eat any of it.The next week I went to bricklane curry house in manhattanWhich gave me some hope in indian restaurants in NY.Will post a sep review of that
By far the best indian delivery in the neighborhood. Food comes fast (scary fast), packaged well, and hot. I always order on seamless web so when they get here i look back at the order time vs when it showed up; the last 5 times i've ordered i have received my food within 13-20 min of placing the order. straight bonkers.also, the meat is good! Pretty sure the chicken tikka masala is mostly white meat and the lamb was also clean and of good quality. Not that spooky monkey meat you get from Taj Mahal.i can only really compare it to skeezy indian spots in the city, but TK&C is every bit as good.
This place is just AWESOME!! LOVE THIS PLACE!! The Decor: Friendly and warm. Makes you feel like your in India!!Service: The service is EXCELLENT!! Our waiter friendly, warm and simply fantastic! Food:  Appetizer's: The Meat Samosas are just so AWESOME!! Coconut Soup delicious hot coconut milk is just supreme if you are a coconut fan. :) The Garlic Nan just amazing!!!! Soft and fresh!! Main Course:  Beef Curry & Basmati Rice is just simply MARVELOUS!! Every bite a grand delight! =0)Drink: Water served up nice and cold. A great place!!I can't wait to go back!!! :)
Five stars for their AMAZING lunch special!For $6.95, you get:Naan, mulligatawny soup, samosa, seafood/meat/veggie curry, rice, dessert, soda, AND coffee/tea... WHOAH.My tummy left so happy I didnt have to feed it for the rest of the day. I had the chicken samosa and lamb curry and the dessert we were served was a coconut custard. All delicious. Plus pleasant service and an enjoyable dine-in atmosphere.
I'm surprised this place only gets 3.5 stars.  Remember people, this is a place where you can get a good meal for like $40.  Cut them some slack.I've eaten at TK or taken out from TK at least 20 times.  The food has always been good.  I'm not an expert in Indian places, but I've enjoyed every meal.  The service is excellent if you go to the restaurant.  But remember to bring your own wine because they don't serve it!I'm giving it 5 stars because it's a good meal and it's cheap.
this.place.is.Awesome!In a rush for some delicious Indian food in an unfamiliar neighborhood, we stumbled upon Taj on Yelp. We were a bit worried about the negative reviews but they all seemed to be about delivery so we took our chances and walked here to get in.It. Was. Delish!As someone who LOVES Indian food and traveled to India and ate Indian for 2 weeks straight while there, this place competes with the best. We had the Chicken Margha, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Sag Paneer. All mouth-wateringly good! Seasoned very well with just the right amount of spice. I asked for "Spicy" and it was perfect! Not too spicy but packing a definite punch. My friends didnt ask for spicy and they enjoyed their's equally as much!The service was great! The portions heaping! And the price SHOCKED us with how affordable it was! Then, to make a great place turn into a hidden gem, they told us it was BYOB!Praise HIM! ....and eat here! You won't regret it!
Used to be good food. Flavors are average at best. Took a serious downturn. Found meat in my veggie curry recently. I called to complain. They asked me what kind of meat it was. How would I know? I have been a vegetarian for 30+ years. I described it as chewy. I was promised a free order the next time I called. The next time I called, they had no record of my promised order. I argued and was offered a free Naan. I am a celiac. This place is dead to me. Nice people. Bad food and service.
Amazing. Granted I'm still digesting and enjoying the euphoria from this deliciously satisfying place, but Taj is well deserving of your dinner choice. The service was extremely friendly and attentive, our water never got below halfway before it was refilled. The atomosphere is very calm and quiet, but not too dimly lit to impose a romantic vibe on your mealtime, the cups, plates and hardware reminded me of casual Indiant household items. It was great for me because I can't make decisions when eating out. The complimentary bread came with an array of three sauces, the food is so inexpensive that ordering an appetizer, side of naan and two entrees still keeps it a cheap meal, and the dishes are served family style. Try anything with the homemade cottage cheese- delicious and nothing like the cottage cheese from American grocery stores. I can't wait till I'm hungry again...Oh and its BYOB. Its like everything you want in a restaurant.
this is HANDS DOWN the best indian food ive had in nyc. SOOOO much better than the other two indian restaurants in wburg and way better than any ive had in the east village as well! the service is kinda slow...but the food makes up for it. the samosas were totally home made and DELICIOUS. so far ive had the Malai Kofta (best ive ever had), Chicken Curry, and Aloo something or other. all amazing. and incredible nan bread!!
After a bike accident and the ensuing dental drama, Indian food was one of the few non-smoothie nutritional options available to me. I was also home-bound for quite a while and regularly got delivery. What I got every single time was extremely delicious and thoughtfully flavored Indian food delivered in a timely manner. The food is generally spiced for a western palate (don't order it spicy unless you have a fire extinguisher handy) and most of the menu is fairly straightforward, although there are a few specialty items I've not been served elsewhere on this continent. Highly recommended:- coconut samosas (swoon)- butter chicken (so amazing!)- paneer makhni- chana shag- coconut soup
Wow, you really get a crapload of food for $7.50.  Nice delivery guy.  Fast!
Let me just say this first: Taj Kabab is about one hundred million times better than that TERRIBLE place Curry Heaven down the street.  Finally!  An Indian restaurant near my apartment that I actually enjoy.  I should be screaming Hallelujah down the streets.I have only been to Taj once, for dinner on Friday night, and I really enjoyed it.  It's definitely not the greatest Indian I've ever had but it was tasty, the prices are cheap, and it's BYOB.  I like the ambience and the servers are really nice although there is a bit of a language barrier so you need to be patient.  My only negative comment is that anything that is fried (such as the samosas and that free cracker- like bread) are covered in a layer of oil/grease.  I really can't complain though b/c in the 5 years that I've been living in South Williamsburg I've been praying for a good Indian restaurant and now my prayers have been answered.  YAY!
Not bad!I only really eat here because it's the best Indian place that's close to my apartment, but it is, indeed, pretty good. Fairly well spiced (a little salty but, whatev), very vegan friendly, cheap, and huge portions.The service is sort of odd but at the same time endearing.The menu grammar is pretty funny. More than once, you might think to yourself, "Why the fuck is that semi-colon just hanging out there?"
Delivery was fast, food was still hot and delicious. Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Vindaloo were both fantastic. Vindaloo was SPICY so look out! If you're not the type to order the hottest wings on the menu, then stay away.All in all, big fan. VERY reasonably priced for the amount of food that they give, and the taste was off the charts. Need to try and eat in some time, as I've only had delivery. Super happy with everything I tried. I'm actually really excited to order from here again, as good Indian food is a priceless commodity.
Dreadful.  We ordered delivery and were disappointed.  No, that's not strong enough a word.Listen, flavors may or may not vary by region (and I suspect these folks are Pakistani due to lack of pork, presence of beef, and emphasis on kebabs.)  Here, however, is one flavor that I suspect is absent from Indian and Pakistani cuisine:  PROCESSED AMERICAN CHEESE FOOD!  Which was the filling in my cheese naan.  What the Eff?  WHAT THE EFF?  What more needs to be said, really?
Excellent food with incredible service. Highly recommend if you want a great Indian meal.
I just got done ordering from this place. The food was excellent. The delivery guy seemed to have a hard time understand the (simple) directions how to get to me. He called me 3 or 4 times. There was a bit of language barrier, so I can empathize. He finally called me a last time, however, complaining bitterly to me that he had traveled too far and to never order from this place again. I thought that was foul. He didn't look me in the eye nor say a word to me when I finally got my food. So, although I liked the place, I guess I'm never going to order from there again. He claimed on the phone he had traveled 4 or 5 miles, despite that it's 2. He got to my place super quick, so I haven't a clue what the problem is. What a jerk.
just got to give these guys 5 stars.it's the biggest bang you can get for your buck in this neighborhood.i always get a meat lunch special (beware - they serve it til 3pm) with vegetable samosa and chicken tika masala.it's 8 bucks, and you get a soup and a naan too.the only problem is - i, honestly, have trouble stuffing all that food in me.
While visiting my brother in Brooklyn, we ate here and it was GREAT! The atmosphere is lovely and adds to the authenticity of the place and food.  We ordered two appetizers: one, a sampler with various meat and vegetarian options which was delicious (especially the banana pieces wrapped in some sweet bread - amazing!). The second was was a small dosa type bread with chickpeas, it was lacking a bit of flavor but still good.I had the Chicken Madras and it was amazing. It was a bit spicier than I thought which caused me to not be able to finish it... but it was still good. My only complaint would be that it took a while for the waitress to take our order or even give us water... and the food took a while to come out.  Other than that, a great place. I'd go back if I am in the area again.
My girlfriend had ordered delivery of a Chicken Biryani and it came with some delicious chutneys and flavorful rice.  I ended up eating her leftovers before she even got a chance.  It's just that there are so few Indian offerings in these parts. Today we went for lunch and WHAT VALUE!  for 6.95 the lunch special brings a Fresh, Fluffy Naan, Mulagitawny Soup, Dahl, Cabbage in Soup, Rice, Samosa, and Curry with the Meat of your choice.  I was very impressed and almost ordered that, except I wanted to try their Namesake, the Kabab.   The Lamb Kabab came out on a sizzling Fajita-style iron pan with fresh lemon and onions flavoring the already flavorful marinated, tender lamb chunks that are cooked in a clay oven.  Top notch.  I had Hot "Spiced Tea", (they don't make Chai as I think they are Pakistani), my girlfriend soda and we came out Completely Stuffed with Delicous and healthy food for $22!Our server was very polite and well-groomed, the restaurant is very clean, fresh table clothes, nice traditional artwork. The bus boy had terrible English, but a great attitude.  Everything is served on stainless steel service-ware(plates, bowls, cups), which for me added to the authenticity, as many of the better Indian food I've had has come this way. This restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We will definitely be back.
Nice food, decent menu. We were absolutely stuffed for $50.. And there was loads left over! Byob also which is good. All in all a good curry!
YUM!I had lost hope for decent Indian food in my neighborhood so I tried this place without expecting too much. It's was delicious, simply perfect. I have little tolerance for bad Indian food because I've been there a bunch of times and know what the things on the menu should look and taste like.Taj Kabab and Curry makes banging food, in large portions and for a decent price. I'm loving it! (not trying to quote McDonald's)Also, Grubhub says they don't deliver to my area but they do if you just call them yourself.
Nice, friendly service. The dinner special is a great value. You'll have enough leftovers for another full meal.
Food was pretty poor: veg soup incredibly salty. My husband watered his down 50-50 with water and still couldn't eat it. I had a tandoori chicken and it was ok but uninspiring. Mango lassi was too sweet.      I picked up the food myself (after reading the reviews of delivery) and the woman wouldn't let me take the receipt, even when I asked for it. She shrugged and said "that's how it's always been." weird, right?
Ok. I'm really really not an expert on Indian food, but I have eaten LOTS of it, all over the world and generally I must admit I think I'm easy to please in the Indian food department and ANYTHING is better than the dreck that is on Bedford....Granted I've only ordered delivery, but I found the flavors tasty, chicken of decent quality. Things were spicy when requested. I liked the vegetable samosas. I dunno, again like the Vietnamese place on Grand, we are desperate around these parts for some decent ethnic food and we'll take what we can get. Maybe I'm dumb, but I did like it!*shrug* (try for yourself?)
I'm writing this as I'm sitting here starving because 50 minutes ago this place delivered me the wrong food, I called them about it and they still haven't replaced it. Nothing comp'd for my trouble. Seamless is evil for taking tips online. Never again.
Best vindaloo in town. They're the only ones who know what vindaloo is supposed to be like. Will never stop ordering from them. Don't sleep!
Waooooo I just love this restaurant .... food is awesome ...  delivery also so fast ...... taj kabab king really deserve 5 *
A bunch of us ordered dinner from here during a party. We got a few main dishes, as well as some assorted samosas and naan. I am very excited, because this is definitely going to be my new go-to place for Indian!I got the paneer makhuni, which was some of the tastiest Indian food I can recall having; I didn't lick the take-out container, but that's only because I was too full to move halfway through. The saag paneer was good too, rich and creamy with just a little bit of a kick to it. The naan was a little limp by the time we got it (bread doesn't travel well) but the samosas were nice and crispy.My meat-eating, spice-loving friends were a little less happy, because the vindaloo and the extra-spicy chicken saag were tear-inducingly hot. I think that's what you get, though, if you order the spiciest things on the menu on purpose. Actually, this might be a plus: when these guys do spice, they do it right! But to be safe, if you like your food milder make sure you say that.When I ordered over the phone they said there would be a 60-minute wait for delivery because they were busy (and definitely sounded busy on the phone), so we decided to pick our order up. Our meal was on the table 30 minutes later--delicious!
HORRIBLE RUDE SERVICE.  Delivery came cold and awful.  They refused to give me a refund.  The woman hung up on me when I asked to speak to a manager.
I really, really, REALLY wanted Indian food. After some low-grade detective work, I discovered that this was the only joint that delivered to the East Williamsburg Industrial bazaar I call home.  And tragically, every review aggregate had decided that this place sucked.And yet, I really wanted Indian food...so like a battered lover, I kept trying to rationalize why I should do it anyway.Half an hour from when I'd first gotten my craving, I was ready to order.I was also ready accept any and every gastrointestinal and/or bacterial consequence.=====Results:Promised delivery time: 45 minutesActual delivery time: 1 hourSigns of food poisoning 15 minutes post-gestation: NoneQuality of food: Generic bordering on bland, but nice and spicyQuantity of food: SufficientGrease factor: HighConsidering the sparsity of anything outside of pizza and tacos in the area...3 stars!
The quick version of dine in, not delivery:The +Attentive and friendly waitstaffAwesome mango lassoFree papadoms before the mealDamn cheap, main dishes are mostly $9Free lentil soup!Lamb vindaloo was greatPoori bread was solidNaan bread was super freshThe -Watery tamarind sauce, okay flavor thoughI officially dig this place, here's hoping my first delivery isn't a disaster like some of the other reviews, although they all occured around opening so maybe it was just some growing pains, don't seem to be delivery issues in recent reviews.
First off, NOT East Williambsurg - four blocks from the Lorimer L.Once I gave into my intrigue and tried this place last night, I was quite pleased!  I loved everything we had, though I went a little crazy on the spicy stuff and had to take a break here and there.  I always underestimate the diverse and powerful spices in Indian and Pakistani food.  My boy and I had two appetizers, two entrees, one dessert and a day's worth of leftovers for under 40 bucks!  That's what I'm sayin.All in all, I dug it!  Everything was fresh, delicious, and served on silver platters (literally).  It's a cute place - wouldn't say romantic - let's say quaint.  Best Indian I've had in the 'burgh fo sho.
I'm giving this place a bonus star because I want to like it.* (credit to Jim below)  I have ordered here twice and not gotten sick. The delivery has been timely and efficient. Still trying to figure out which dishes they do well (over 150 menu choices). GOOD MENU ITEMS: 96- chicken tikka masala - mild 84- shag bhaji 74- bhindi masalaFAIR MENU ITEMS: 31- garlic naan 36- chapati DO NOT WANT AGAIN: 124- shrimp bhona (Absolutely tasteless - it was "only good if you like the texture of shrimp" - perhaps we should not have ordered it mild) 47- house biryani  (Meat seemed a little dry and the whole thing was lacking in flavor. But we were able to use the rice as a good base for another masala dish.)I will order from here again. Curious to try the vindaloo or chat with the owners and see what is their specialty.
I've ordered from this place a few times (delivery, I should specify), hoping one of their many vegetarian plates would hit the spot. Unfortunately, with the main dishes, nothing I've ordered has really tasted like... anything. Hearty. Clean. Surprisingly bland. Hey, I did this to myself repeatedly, so obviously it wasn't overtly bad. The naan and chutneys did good things for me. Delivery was extremely fast, and I give a thumbs up to the price point. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and hazard a guess the food is slightly better in the restaurant itself, straight out of the kitchen.
Surprised to be the only customers. Went in with my boyfriend and they dimmed the lights for us, we were given amazing chutneys for free, the service was excellent, the food was amazing, they messed up our dessert but it was still great and we didn't bother to correct it. The prices are insanely good for how elegant the food was. The waiter saw us walk passed again after we left and he pops out of the door with a huge smile and waves bye to us. It was the cutest dinner ever.
Just went here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised at the quality and value of  Williamsburg indian food. M and I started with two greasy -but in the best possible way- heavy samosas for $5. I had the chicken vindaloo which was good but a little too spicy to enjoy flavors. M had the Chicken Malai which was tastier and certainly milder. The side curries were delicious. Dishes were between $8 and $12.  To finish, the waiter brought us a coconut custard which I wouldn't order on its own, but for free, I couldn't deny. Service was attentive and kept my water full. I'd previously ignored this place because of  the cheap word-art signage. [attn.: owners, this town is chock full of graphic and web designers] It's misleading. You can definitely dine in comfortably, served on golden plates :-)
