Fantastic place, authentic cuisine. I keep coming back here for Indian in Brooklyn because it's so good. Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken and Goat curry, and Samosa. Try their rice pudding. Staff is also very nice.
Pretty great Indian food! I've only had take out from here so I can't comment on the service, delivery is about 30mins which is about average. I've ordered their naan, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, channa masala and pakoras. Their naans are were ginormous, so soft and warm; the chicken tikka masala was delicious, creamy; the saag paneer is usually my favorite, although it was still good they do skim out on the paneer; not a big fan of channa masala in general but it tasted good too; the pakora were pretty good too but they minced the veggies into a patty, slightly different from what I'm used. This is def my go to Indian food spot nowadays.
Although the food here is amazing, I will never order from here again! Placed a delivery order at 8pm for 2 entrees called at 920 and was told food is on the way. At 10pm still no food so I called again turned out it hadn't even left the restaurant!!! When I asked for a refund I was given the nastiest attitude and pushback! Absolutely disgusted!!!!!
Guys! I've gotten takeout from here at least 10 times now and just noticed that I've never reviewed Anarkali before. Well, now's the time to tell you all that my friend and I love it and continue to go back because the food is great and so decently priced. My friend always gets the same dish, but every time I try a new one, it's always a good choice.It always seems so empty inside the restaurant, so I hope they're getting a lot of business from takeout. It's a very nice (albeit small) interior, so I hope it fills up more!The servers are also very nice every time we pickup. If we order an hour ahead of time, the food is still hot and the naan fresh. Give them a try!
The food is acceptable, but I've ordered delivery a few times and it never arrives even close to the promised time.  Be prepared to wait an hour and a half.
I can't believe this little Indian place that is actually 'nearish' to where I live delivers all the way to Prospect Heights. That is pretty remarkable. This guy took his bike clearly across the entire park for us. Second, I'm testing my heat tolerance for the Bricklane Phaal challenge. It's inevitable it has to happen. I'm fully confident that I can achieve the 'getting your name on a certificate and free beer' hottest curry in New York challenge. But mostly I "have" to do it because my ex threw up the 2 times he attempted and didn't even half finish. My friend and I split an order of the chicken vindaloo. The special also came with an appetizer, basmati rice, and naan. The vindaloo was adequate spicy. Some places piss around with their heat level but this honestly was just the right amount without having to wash it down with copious amounts of wine or *cough* water. It had a kick to it. It also has interesting things in it like chunks of tomato and potato that I was not fully expecting. The naan was delicious as were the samosas. The weirdest thing we ordered by far was the crab cake with spicy mango. It kind of looks like a piece of naan bread with pulled crab meat piled on top. I'm not sure what to say about it or how to feel but it is not a crab cake and not the best. Stick to the regulars. I approve of this place though and the prices were pretty affordable.
I am so happy to have found this place! It ALWAYS hits the spot when I'm craving Indian food. This place is super clean, the service is fast and fresh, including delivery. The food is always of quality, seasoned and prepared with so much heart. The portions are quite large and the price is totally fair. In fact, I always have left overs which taste just as great and last a while.  I order a lot!  They prepare and will customize your food to match your diet (vegetarian/ vegan). I love their appetizers-my top two favorites are the Tikiyas and Samosas.  The main dishes are so good that I'm constantly open to trying anything from this place!  All of the naan is freshly prepped as well! Never change Anarkali!!  Gosh all this yelping is making me hungry- pardon me while I place my order;)
My wife and I love this place. We get the vegetarian dishes mostly but chicken tikka masala is great as is all of the appetizers we tried. Delivery was less than 40 minutes and the man on the phone is always cheerful and polite. It's really the only good Indian delivery in the windsor terrace area. The Indian places in park slope are terrible, this place is way better. Great naan as well!
Anarkali is above average for a neighborhood Indian restaurant, and the only good one I've found in the Ditmas Park area. I've eaten in the dining room and had delivery ... the food was excellent both times. The dining room is usually empty when I walk by so I worry about them. They must do a good delivery business. But still. Get off the couch once in a while and eat here. Make sure they stay in the neighborhood. Don't let them be lonely.Edited to add: Hey, Anarkali! You might think about getting some kind of computer, so people who order from you every week (I'm not naming names) don't have to give you their address, phone number, cross street, special instructions etc. every single time. Thanks for listening!Edited again to add: They got a computer! Now they remember us. Also we discovered that the completely empty, crypt-quiet dining room is a perfect place to bring visiting parents who hate loud and crowded NYC everything.
I had food from this restaurant before and food was average but service is horrible. Multiple times they forget to put utensils. Tonight I ordered from them at 7:30pm on seamless and because they didn't deliver yet, I called them at 9:15pm and was told super busy tonight and would take half an hour. After half an hour I called back and all I got were busy signal. Food was never delivered. I called seamless to get a refund but now stuck with no food for the night.  So angry. Will never order from this place again.Update: they finally attempt to deliver the food at 11:45pm for the food I ordered at 7:30pm. When I told the delivery guy that I don't want the food anymore because I already canceled the order with seamless, the guy got angry with me and started yelling at me saying how can I do that etc., etc. Definitely would not order from this place ever again.
The lunch box from Anarkali is a great deal. It comes with chana saag, rice, and naan, and you choose from a few different mains. I always get chicken curry. So for under $10, you get two dishes with rice and naan. This is great, and the chana saag is as good as I've had anywhere. For dinner I've gotten chicken jalfrazie, and it is tangy and delicious. Some of the other dishes are just ok, but I'd certainly recommend Anarkali.
The food is good. They don't seem to get a lot of traffic. For While the had the menu priced way to high. Now they have lunch specials. Food is made to order so everything is always fresh.
I find their reviews so strange and all over the place although I haven't had a bad experience. It's a Great Delivery Place! I couldn't believe that I found such a great Indian delivery place so close to my place. They usually take no longer than 45 minutes so don't wait till your starving to order.  The food is very authentic so if you can not handle very spicy Indian food make sure you specify mild. The food is great and they do not skimp on ingredients.
Everyone within delivery distance is ordering from here and AM Thai, which is why the dining room can be practically empty and I'll still go in. The food is delicious. Things came out fast (but not suspiciously fast) and the naan was really fresh. The place is spotlessly clean. Prices are good.This is the spot to go the next time everything on Cortelyou has a wait for a table.
Warning: Vomiting may occur. Seriously worst Indian food I have ever had. I took 2 bites and was done. I ate some naan, I guess that was ok.
When a native of India tells you she'd rather just get take out from here than cook, it's going to be good. Our favorite Indian food in all of Brooklyn. And cheap on top of it all, you can get a feast that feeds 5 easily for under $30.
I ordered my food through Seamless and had a really terrible experience.  I called 20 minutes after the anticipated delivery time and the person quickly told me that "It's coming" and hung up.  The order arrived 25 minutes later and the delivery man just grunted at me when I asked if it was a busy night.I can understand that it might take a while to deliver on a Saturday night, but the food was mediocre at best.  I ordered the Chicken Makhani, fried potatoes, samosas, garlic naan, and kheer.  The only good things were the samosa and kheer.  Do not order the fried potatoes.  Pretty awful.  It was a very disappointing experience overall.
A great place to get Indian food in Prospect Park South/Ditmars Park. The menu is varied with a large selection of vegetarian dishes.In my opinion, some dishes that they feature on their menu are rarely offered by other restaurants in the city--the Ka-Chori for instance.Even if the staff is very friendly, note that the service is extremely slow and a bit unexperienced. Don't go if you're in a rush (stands for take out too).
Our visit to Anarkali Indian Cuisine was very enjoyable. The atmosphere is pleasant with large windows on two sides of this corner restaurant.  The casual interior is well card for, lightly decorated, and pleasant.  Their menu offered a broad choice, making it easy for everyone in our party to find something they like.  We ordered five meals, two sets of Samosa appetizers (six pieces total) and bread.  Service was good, the food was tasty and the price was excellent.  The total cost was $88 plus tax and tip.  They allowed us to bring our own wine, so we were able to enjoy wine with our meal without running up the bill.  I wish I could add an extra half-star to my rating.
Avoid! I hate to give a bad review to a local place but.... There was a metal staple in my food. And I'm sorry but that is just unacceptable. $35 worth of food largely uneaten and thrown away, what a waste.If you ignore the metal staple surprise, you'd still get blah-blah mediocre Indian: doughy naan, too fatty lamb, and not great chaat. Delivery was fast though.
I visited a friend in Brooklyn, and we had lunch at Anarkali.  The food was absolutely wonderful!  I now travel from Manhattan to eat here.  I love Indian food, but am often disappointed by mediocre cooking, or I'm put off by extravagant prices for small portions.  At Anarkali, I was very impressed by the freshness and the perfect balance of taste and spices. The decor isn't impressive, but the staff makes it clear that they want to please guests, and the food is delicious!!  I hate taking the subway into Brooklyn and walking 6 blocks from the Church Avenue station, but I keep dreaming about Anarkali's delectable food, so it's worth the travel time.
This place is great. We tried it tonight on a whim and were really surprised and delighted by the fresh flavors. Dishes were not overly oily, and while not very spicy, were very flavorful with herbs and spices. It was obvious that everything was made fresh and not off a steam table. Their bread is some of the nicest naan I've had in NYC.  Also of note, the service here is very friendly and accomodating. We asked for a condiment they did not have, so they made it for us fresh, and it was the best.
We've ordered takeout from Anakarli a few times now and can tell you that the delivery is fast and the portions are huge and delicious!  Whenever we've ordered food we've had enough to feed us both a second time.  And it's very tasty.  Not sure what's up with the negative reviews here.  We're fans and will keep patronizing them when we're in the mood for some good Indian food ;-)
The food here is awesome, but the delivery takes forever. That's it.
I rarely give five star reviews but I really just don't have any complaints. I ordered delivery from delivery.com and it arrived in less than forty minutes. Got the crab cake, which I thought was weird for an Indian place, but it was not like a normal crab cake it was like a crab pot pie and was actually delicious. Pile it onto naan-mhmmmm. Also had the beef cardamom entree, perfect amount of spicy for someone who can't handle super hot. Everything was still really hot (temperature wise)  when it arrived which is always a plus. I didn't even have the normal post-Indian-food gas (tmi? Not sorry) which probably speaks to the quality of ingredients. Portions are prefect size. Do recommend.
Never ordered from here but did a carry out, 10% off on the spot from the manager/co-worker while I wanted to use the 15% off one provided on Yelp. Staff is very attentive and polite :)
I ordered food online from this place and it took over two hours before they delivered the food. When it got here it was cold. I called them twice and both times they said the food was on the way even though I waited an hour between calling. They refused to compensate me for the amount of time it took, and their only excuse was they were too busy. Do not order from here, they do not respect the customer enough to warn them it is going to take time to deliver the food.
This place was your standard Indian restaurant. Nothing great, but nothing terrible.  It is nice not to have to go all the way downtown to get Indian food. The one negative is that I would say they are understaffed. I walked in and ordered to take out, with the intention to go pick up a bottle of wine elsewhere and then return to pick up my food. The gentleman behind the counter was friendly and pleasant, but he took forever to write down the order. When I came back to get the food it wasn't ready. No problem, I'll wait. The restaurant is clean and okay to sit down and have a meal. There were a few seats along the wall where I could wait. I wanted to ask the guy for a glass of water but I didn't have the opportunity. He was continuously bombarded by phone calls for takeout/delivery (people must really like the food I guess).  It didnt help that it took so long for him to write the orders down. While I was waiting, I saw a couple come in, sit down, and leave because it took too long for someone to come to the table. Another party had long since finished their meal and had to wait with dirty dishes in front of them for several minutes before they even had the opportunity to ask for their check. Maybe this was an off night, but they really needed one more person to help out.
A great delivery Indian place. I've never actually gone to the restaurant, but I've gotten the Anarkali deal more than enough times to get a good feel of the place.Like all the other white people, I love the naan. It's freshly baked and fluffy. I've had samosas, pakoras, chana saag (highly recommended), paneer bhurjee (also highly recommended), aloo gobi, and the jalfrazie. All in all, this place is one of the more solid delivery places in the area.The only reason I deduct a star is because once they delivered ICE COLD aloo papri. That was a sad day, especially since the delivery was later than it was supposed to be too.But seriously, the food is definitely worth it. Aside from that one occasion, I've had fantastic experiences.
I regret ordering from this place. Being an Indian, I normally never order Indian food from outside; I ordered chicken biriyani one day as I was craving for some and was too lazy to make it. It was the worst biriyani ever.. flavourless, no salt and not even close to being a biriyani. I just couldn't eat it!P.S- This was almost a year back so I don't know if things have changed.
I really wasn't super impressed with my food. It seemed like the typical Indian place to me. All the meat had a ton of fat and gristle which is something I generally don't enjoy. I had the samosas which were actually really good. I had the masala fried potatoes which didn't have much seasoning and were a bit of a miss. The naan was your typical naan. I had a lam kabab which had good flavor but a lot of gristle. I also had the beef vindaloo which I've never had before but I though it was just alright. The prices are a bit higher than some of the other local places which deliver to me so I'll probably order from elsewhere the next time I'm in the mood for Indian.
This is a new place, so I will give them some room to improve.Food was good. Service was friendly, but it seems like they have a big delivery business, which made it (at least on night we were there) a distracting place to have a sit-down meal. The music kind of came on and off, and the phone rang a lot, and there was only one person at the front of the house.Get another staff person, and this place is going in the right direction.Now if we could just get some South Indian in the neighborhood.
Love this place. Solid lunch specials, plenty of flavor.  It's usually pretty quiet, and when I've ordered delivery it's always been fast and hot.  Great stuff!
This is the best Indian food I've ever had, period. This place super fast and accurate with online delivery orders. They also offer a great combo deal on Seamless. I finally dined in at the actual restaurant and can verify that these guys provide some of the best service I've had in NYC. It's like fine dining at discount prices. Great addition to the neighborhood.
I ordered here on a whim for delivery, stuffed naan, boatman's crab curry, aromatic jasmine rice, and saag paneer. The portions are so large it took me and another party two days to eat it all, great value! I have never had better Indian food. I love this order so much that I have reordered it 4 times since!
Loved it! Big Indian food eater, and there quality was amazing! The naan is fresh, and the food was full of flavor. We ordered shrimp biriyani, shrimp vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala. They all tasted so amazing, really happy a decent Indian food spot opened up close by. Definitely going to go back soon, this time I'm thinking of trying the crab curry. Go there you wont be disappointed.
I've been very happy with this place, and we've tried quite a few Indian restaurants around.  The veg dishes, like bartha, aloo gobi and dal makhni are great, with depth to the flavors that have me hooked!  They have been good with spice adjustments and special requests, also.  I think the food has been very consistent, which is why we keep ordering.  The delivery takes around an hour usually, but honestly all the Indian places we've ordered from in the area take a similar delivery time.  So, planning accordingly is key.  Grub hub gives an accurate estimate of delivery usually, and it's at least an hour, so I don't know why people complain so much.
The food is amazing, but their service is the worst and I'm tired of dealing with it.  I order delivery from Anarkali all the time because they are the only Indian restaurant that delivers to where I live (Bensonhurst).  I was surprised to be on their delivery map, but took it as they have a car or something and went with it.  Every time the deliver guy arrives at my door, he asks for an additional tip (I give 20-25%) because I live so far away.  Most recently, he berated me for the fact that it was snowing.  It's not my fault that it's snowing and his boss put my address on the map of delivery.  I just feel like the food is amazing, but the experience is always such a hassle that it's not worth it.  Also, I'm tipping for the SERVICE; I already paid for the food itself.
I never order from anywhere else when I crave some good Indian food. The delivery is always on time and the food always comes hot. The portions are large, it always lasts for couple of days for me. The Anarkali deal is great for the price.
Really great Indian food. Good portions and the food is very fresh and flavorful. Very traditional Indian cuisine with a broad menu with plenty of amazing items. All their vegetarian options are superb, especially the chana saag, spinach with chickpeas, The salmon curry is hands down one of the best salmon curries I had, would definitely recommend the place.
It's ok food, but there aren't many spicy options or good deals.  It's not a great bargain for what it is.  I've only gotten takeout, but the seating they have looks pretty nice. It's usually pretty empty.
So, the food is yummy and they are fast. But the delivery guy is the same one every time trying to get a bigger tip saying he comes from "so far". FYI the drive is 8 mins. And   He's Tried to shake me down for more tip and berate me. It's a shame,however, the management really takes the extra mile to ensure their customers have a good experience and rectify the situation and immediately.
Stopped by on a Sunday, dragged my boy off for brunch. He's truly a pain in the backside but going there was definitely worth the nice walk since we're on Ocean and Church. First I checked out the restroom which was clean so we ordered. I got the curry shrimp and my friend ordered the curry lamb. The food was really good. I was surprised my friend liked the food, but he said it was seasoned and cooked right. He's a pepper freak so he likes everything HOT! The food took about 15-20mins or so to cook which is just abt the right amt of time it takes to cook curry. I'm a greedy girl so I also ordered roti and rice/peas, which was also good. I will be dragging my friend back to this place,screaming and kicking if I have to.lol.
I order delivery from Anarkali at least once a week and it's definitely a neighborhood gem! The boatmans crab curry is insane; not the hottest vindaloo I've ever had, but the samosas are enormous and I've always had much leftover.  Go for it!
Above average, flavorful veg dishes, awesome samosas... I've lived in the area two years and tried a few Indian places. This is my fav! The Anarkali deal is a great deal as well.
I've ordered here a few times and never had a problem. This time they gave me a delivery  window of 45 minutes and never showed. After an hour and a half I called and they said the order had not yet been made. No apologies. The person who answered the phone took no responsibility. The food isn't good enough to overlook this.
Food was over an hour late, I called and was assured that it was leaving (Location is 3 blocks from delivery address). Called 20 minutes later, then 15 after that, then finally 45 minutes from when I was told it had left (2 hours after ordering) I called to cancel my order and was hung up on. Twice. Then they just stopped answering the phone altogether.Being late is one thing, but good customer service can solve any problem and this place didn't have it.
Had a great experience with this place and the food was very tasty. They have just opened so maybe they had a few starter problems. Food was delivered within 30 mins, they were very friendly when ordering. Ordered naan, paneer masala, chaana, and an appetizer. Everything was very fresh and yummy. Can't comment on their meat dishes. Picky when it comes to Indian food but this place was great!
I love Indian food and had high hopes for this, since my area of Brooklyn is pretty desultory for Indian food. The staff was nice but the food was not. Very bland, perhaps geared to what they think is the American palate. The chicken tandorri was indifferent. The samosas were terrible, doughy, huge amounts of dough and tasteless filling. This was a huge disappointment. This does not even taste like Indian food.  I'll stick with Haveli's  on Second Avenue in Manhattan for now.
Excellent food, the best Indian I've ever had (I haven't had a lot =). A little slow, but that's what I need on lunch break.
In a nutshell: great food, mediocre delivery service. Let's face it- this side of Flatbush is hardly the Mecca of fine dining. I rarely review, but as a new Ditmas Park resident with a modest gastronomic sensibility, I want to see good eats flourish here. This Indian restaurant is a diamond in the rough.During another desperate perusal of the Seamless website, I was intrigued by Anarkali, which boasted a 5 (out of 5) star rating. I ordered the popular Anarkali deal, which included the chicken malai kebab, tikka masala, naan and white rice. I indicated "NOT SPICY" as special instructions after an unfortunate incident at another nearby Indian restaurant.Great food. The tikka masala was rich, delightfully spiced and had a generous portion of tender chicken chunks. The kebab was perfectly cooked, and subtly seasoned. For a more pronounced taste, I drizzled it with the provided chutney, yogurt, and masala sauces. The fresh naan was the perfect instrument to cleanly execute this delicious experiment. The white rice was unremarkable except when doused in the creamy masala sauce.Mediocre delivery service. Seamless estimated the delivery time at 30-45 minutes. I called about an hour and fifteen minutes after receiving confirmation to inquire my foods whereabouts. The man who answered was deeply apologetic and kind; he also wasn't lying when he said the delivery was only moments away. When it arrived, the food was well packed, save the lack of utensils, which further encouraged my condescending grumbling.It is with this agitation that I took my first taste of the tikka masala and immediately repented. I thought, "It must be hard to keep up with the demand- no, desperate cries for good food in this area." The food was worth the wait and I submit it contends with that of eateries in the more posh neighborhoods. I hope they correct the delivery snafu; nonetheless, I will be eating here again.
I ordered the lamb vindaloo and naan. The food was very good and it was delivered within 30mins. I was definitely surprised how quickly it came and will order again
Recently went there with friends on the weekend.....excellent place had a great time....food was delicious!
Absolutely disappointing. I ordered the appetizer/entree special. Fish tikka and paneer bhurji. The fish was dry as dust and the paneer bhurji was paneer suspended in oil with some red pepper thrown in. Disgusting.
Amazing food, Chana Saag, Masala, Samosa, Paneer...everything is great!  just find the prices to be a little high for the neighborhood; but coupons are available on Seamless! Better than Madina on CIA in our opinion!
Very very picky eater here... We grind our own masalas from scratch at home...that said this is the best Indian food in Brooklyn....tasty fresh and flavourful...
DELICIOUS!!! My hubby & I just ordered from here after reading reviews on seamless. We ordered the samosa & crab cake for appetizers and they were both very tasty, but we felt samosa was better. For entrees we both got the tikka masala and it was AMAZING. We also ordered the potatoes which were yummy(we mixed them in with the tikka masala).The portions for everything was generous. One negative thing I will say is the delivery took 1hr but the hubby and I knew this prior from reading reviews so we were prepared. Truthfully, the food was so tasty we didn't mind waiting the hour!
Ordered delivery and was pleasantly surprised. The paneer bhurji, which is often tough to find on menus, was wonderful. I appreciate that they deliver to Lefferts Gardens.
I don't normally order online from a restaurant, sight unseen, but the convenience and Seamless discount for my first order, persuaded me. Delivery came within 40 minutes and my lamb biryani exceeded my expectations. Good proportion of lamb to rice and assertively spiced. I'll order again, even w/o a discount.
worst indian food i have ever had on five continents. dal was watery and flavorless, vindaloo was sticky sweet. delivery took 2 hours instead of promised 30-45 minutes. willing to wait longer if the food is good, but this was abysmal.
This is by far my favorite indian restaurant since I moved to NY! Everything I have tried has been yummy.
This was the most bland, tasteless, and downright awful Indian food I've ever eaten.  If you want flavorful Indian food order from Taste of Tandoor.  This was one of the most depressing meals I've had.
We were a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews on here, but are pleased all around. We ordered through Seamless and got the deal (appetizer, entree, rice and naan plus condiments for $14) and an extra entree (which, man, the two of us did not need - it's a lot of food). The food was delivered promptly - we got it in about 35 minutes from 1.8 miles away. The guy who delivered it was friendly. Everything was delicious - we picked chana masala and the yellow daal for entrees.
I live in Bensonhurst, and was thrilled when I saw that an Indian restaurant delivered to me!  The food is ok...mediocre when you compare it to what's available in the city, but amazing since it is literally the only Indian restaurant that delivers to me!  I understand that it's pretty far (Kensington?)...The naan was soggy (but perhaps a victim of the long delivery), the vindaloo was decently spicy, the tikka masala was too watery but the saag paneer was decent.  food and rice portions are all generous.  now, the reason for 3 stars - we ordered $40 worth of food...I tipped him $5...is that terrible?  please respond if I'm the biggest cheapskate on the planet...The delivery guy literally peeled back each single while counting and he tsked (yes it's a word...) me!  I couldn't even tell my husband because he would write off this place forever and then I would be without my beloved Indian food...even if this place is just so-so.
I was cranky and hungry and didn't feel like cooking.  I stopped in on my way home even though I am a bit hesitant when it comes to Indian food.  I asked for mildly spiced goat saagwala and got exactly what I asked for.  The lamb kabab and samosa were very good.  Preparation time seemed to be longer than I thought it should be, but it was worth it!  This is a new place in a neighborhood that desperately needs restaurants.  I will definitely order from Anarkali again.  Give them a chance to work out the kinks. I hope more people step in on a whim and keep it in business.
