Not good at all.. I have been to tons of indian restaurant in NY, but this restaurant is just plain bad. The food was good. But the staff!! They constantly keep on staring at you as if their eyes are almost popping out of their head. They keep staring at you while you eat which makes you just so u comfortable, especially if you bring a girl. They just stare as if they never saw girls before. I took 3 of my friends(Girls) with me and they felt super uncomfortable. At one point we had to complain to the owner. The waiters dont know how to communicate at all. Never going back to this place. Just look for other indian restaurants nearby, trust me there are several other good ones nearby.
I'm giving 2 stars for the food and the niceness with which some of the staff said "goodnight" as my friend and I were leaving. The food isn't amazing, but it's pretty good. Neither is it cheap, but it also isn't mind-blowingly expensive given New York.The service though? My friend and I walked in here at around 9:15 knowing the restaurant's closing time was at 10:30pm. Usually though, "closing at 10:30" means "we'll let you eat without rushing you until at least 10:30." Not here. Here, "closing at 10:30" means "we're going to rush you starting from around 10 so you can get your asses out by 10:15." One waiter MUTTERED under his breath while refilling our waters, "it's time to close." The same waiter awkwardly just stood next to me and watched my friend and I eat and talk for a good two minutes or so until he walked away mumbling what sounded like mocking Chinese words. Did I also mention that when that same waiter first served my friend and I water, he had also said "ni hao" under his breath? Yet, when my friend and I asked him what he said, he smiled innocently and said "nothing." Ironically, I'm not even Chinese and while the friend I was with was in fact Chinese, she hardly spoke it. The others tried to be friendly, but I still felt uncomfortable and unwelcome. They all seemed the happiest as my friend and I walked out. I get that they probably have had a long day, but that was likely the most racist and crappy service I have ever had. Definitely won't be coming back.
The manager is a maniac. I asked if my friends could sit with me while I eat if they ordered take out and he agreed. 5 minutes later he comes to our table yelling at us that my friends could not sit with me and that I would have to finish my lunch alone. I tried to calmly explain that CLEARLY there had been a misunderstanding. He was relentless. He would let me speak, yelled over me, and forced my friends out of the restaurant. Obviously I left as well. But honestly this is an out rage. What a way to treat paying customers? If I could give zero stars I would. One is too high. And to be honest the food lacked flavor and the meat was low quality. Defiantly not worth the money or your time. If the owner reads this he should reconsider his management. Restaurants are supposed to a place for friends to gather, not a place to be berated and belittled.
Poor food quality, poor service, decent atmosphere.  Sad because I'm Indian and I'm always in the search for delicious Indian food.  They have a great location but should take advantage more with some quality food that doesn't need tons of salt and spice and should be served hot.  Seemed like they didn't care what they were serving.
Went for lunch with a professor and a few classmates. The naan and tandoori chicken was tasty, everything else was average. The venue is nice though.
1 start is too high!!! Horrible service. They tried to rip us off today when we went there for lunch buffet. We have been to this restaurant more than 5 times. They never put service charge 18% on the receipt, but they did today for 2 adults and 1 kid. And they told me they charge $8 for 8-year-old kid, but they put the full amount $16.50 on the receipt. I talked to the manager who had a terrible attitude. And they didn't change the charge. I like their food, but I will NEVER go back there.
Poor service!  cold attitude of the staff . The same resonates in the quality of food. There are much much better places out there . Avoid this place by all means !!!
The food is delicious. I enjoy the brunch the most because of the variety of dishes you can choose from. I have eaten here over the years and my  ( and that of friends ) only complaint is the staff consistently is unfriendly and look glum.
Amazing Indian food, friendly service from management.  A tad on the pricey side for dinner. I'll be back to try the buffet here!
Absolutely amazing service. My boyfriend and I found this place randomly and were in the mood for Indian food, so glad we ate here! The butter chicken was delicious and I loved the malai kofta. Also very nice employees. Will definitely eat here again when I'm in the city.
Hands down the worst daal that i have ever paid for. They call it Sapphire Daal, supposed to be their signature dish. It was bland and devoid of any flavor whatsoever. Disappointed.Paneer Kadhai was bland too. Dahi puri in appetizer was nothing to write about either. A big nopes to this place.
Went this  time in the evening, when there is a $25/person minimum and we had a somewhat officious waiter. I will go in future at lunch time.
I've lived in the Columbus circle area for 3 years now and this spot is arguably the best/consistent Indian spot in the UWS/Columbus circle area. Place is almost overstaffed with waiters but that means I'm always well taken care of...you can tell these guys take pride in this place. My recs are the mutter paner, chicken vindaloo and their samosas. I've also ordered delivery from here and they are always quick.
This restaurant feels like you have travelled back in time to a restaurant in New Delhi from 30 years ago. Very ordinary Indian food with little inspiration in food and tired service. Even the basic items like dal (lentils) and butter chicken were bland/tasteless (no salt in dal). Guess the only thing that works for this place is the location - right next to Columbus circle, else there is no way they can serve $20+ entrees in this place.
5 * Delicious food, 1* poor lazy service.  Rude, disinterested service. Rushed to clear our table and did not even wait until we had gotten up and put on our coats before they walked around us clearing away and no there wasn't a queue waiting to be tabled.
Highly recommended! I think they may have lowered their prices because I remember it being more expensive 3-4 yrs ago. Anyways, took my parents there when I used to live in Columbus Circle and they loved it. The food is authentic enough for the sophisticated Indian palate. Not that I have one, but my parents found their meals satisfying. Sapphire is a very classy spot you can impress anyone and it won't make a dent in your wallet. It has a very quiet and romantic feel; you can actually hear who you're having dinner with. Very spacious, definitely not elbow to elbow. Service was fast and very kind. I don't think it's byob though, but I like it anyway. Tell server not to make your food spicy, and they will make it mild, because I can't handle spicy. How can I possibly call myself Indian American, I don't know.
Ate here before seeing an opera with my daughter and her friend. Since her friend is a vegetarian, Indian seemed like the best choice.The food was great! The portion size was adequate (filling but not an American-sized portion that will leave you bloated). My only complaint is I asked for "spicy" and they really didn't jazz it up much, probably didn't want to freak out another tourist.Highly recommended if you are going to the Lincoln Center, down near Columbus Circle, easy walk from there.
Really good aloo paratha and lamb!The service is a little bit slow, but food is super good :)
Very strange experience here. I had been here in the past with friends and had a reasonably good experience. This time, I came alone. They seemed very uncomfortable with that. The very unfriendly host first told me to wait as he confusingly looked around and then went to get a table ready for me. He then came back and said to follow him, but after a couple steps, he stopped and talked to somebody, looking very flustered and wandered around again. He then motioned me to follow him. They seated me at a banquette, but took away the silverware on the banquette side. Excuse me?! You're going to seat me facing the wall? Bizarre. I sat on the banquette and moved the stuff to my side. I sat there for 10 minutes while the water pourer poured water for everyone around me, except me. I yelled out.."Hello! I exist!" He asked if wanted water...yes! It took another 5 minutes for a waiter to come. I truly was almost ready to leave by now, but I was hungry and was going to the Met that evening. Finally, after ordering, things were ok. I had the Lahsuni Gobi, salmon saag and some naan. It was all pretty good, but not amazing. I was just happy they allowed me to eat at this point. There are so many wonderful, friendly and more affordable Indian restaurants in the city. Don't think I'll be coming back here.
I have been going to this place for almost 8 years every time I visit NYC and am finally writing this review!   Not that I was checking out the consistency- Never had a bad meal.  The staff are efficient and even though most of the time I dine alone, I am treated very well.  I am a creature of habit and I usually order the chicken Biryani and palak paneer.  The Biryani is moist and not slapped together like at most places.  This is the Indian restaurant in NYC to go to!
I went here for lunch, with no expectations in mind as I never tried Indian food.  They had a buffet for lunch with a few items, nothing crazy.  I had the tandoori chicken, and wow, it was great.  I only remember the name because I saw someone else review it and it sounded familiar.  There was green stuff too that was quite delicious.The food was good and the restaurant was clean and very nice.  The waitstaff however was in a real rush to get me out the door.  Now, there were not a lot of people there, and nobody was waiting on line, but they insisted on pressuring me to leave.  Not a good way to end a good meal.  Because of that, I would not go back, but if you don't mind pushy waiters, then it is worth it.
Given the dearth of inexpensive restaurants around Lincoln Center with "no reservations" availability (i.e. expected wait time of 10 minutes or less), I found myself at Sapphire almost by default.The meal though, was actually quite good - nothing spectacular - but certainly enjoyable. We found that four Main Courses (~$20 each) provided more than enough food for the table, with a couple of rice/naan orders to round the dinner out.  The Tandoori Murg (all-white meat) was delicious - a large portion tender, hot, chicken that came with traditional garnishses (Tamarind, Onion Chutney, etc.). The Paneer Tikka and Chicken Saag also received solid reviews. Everyone left content, stuffed, and out less than $40.As a final note - unlike many comparable restaurants, atmosphere is Indian Formal (think Dawat in Midtown East): servers are dressed in tuxedos, food is partially served to you when brought to the table, plates are frequently replaced. I found the service, though venturing on overbearing at times, to actually be a plus. Very attentive, and not too stuffy at all.
We had a very nice dinner here. The restaurant is roomy and the service and food are top notch. I was expecting the decor to be a little nicer, but that's the only real downside. If you enjoy Indian food with a little nicer presentation than your average restaurant I recommend Sapphire. We payed $90 for two entrees, appetizer and 4 drinks.
Came here with my family for dinner and had an OK experience. The food here is a little pricey, and the waiters seem to forget that you are there until you flag them down like you do a cab- that was annoying. But the food was good- I had a coconut shrimp with curry and of course naan. Even though it was good, I love the smaller Indian place in Queens and Murray Hill.
Not the best I've had, but not the worst.  I thought the Dal Sapphire was only decent, but the Aloo Gobi Muttar was fantastic.  The highlight of the meal was the garlic naan....although I love me some naan, I don't feel that should be the HIGHLIGHT!  I want to come back to try the lunch buffet...heard good things about it.Oh yeah about the decor:  They have a blue sky painted w/some clouds on one end of the restaurant, and I liked it...very whimsical.  Then they have these gorgeous beaded framed tapestries on the other side.  It's a little disjointed, but still pretty.
My girlfriend and I ate dinner at Sapphire last night and had a wonderful experience. The restaurant itself is pretty nice on the inside, everything is tastefully decorated and it is very enjoyable to sit in the dining area. Contrary to some of the reviews I had read prior to going, I found the waitstaff to be very attentive and nice. I never felt rushed at all and our drinks were refilled without asking which is a huge plus for me! We started off our meal with some Samosas, which were absolutely delicious! The pastry crust was very tasty and the filling was nicely seasoned and yummy. For our main dish, I ordered the chicken vindaloo and my girlfriend got the lamb korma. We also grabbed the obligatory order of garlic nan and some vegetable rice. All of our food was very very tasty and, as with other good Indian restaurants, you can really taste all of the spices that go into a dish. Some places will just try to burn your mouth off with a vindaloo dish, but Sapphire's vindaloo had it all, heat and FLAVOR!!!Bottom Line- Sapphire is a nice place to go for a more upscale Indian dining experience and I will definitely return.
Ate here for the first time on Sat. night with my husband.  The food was absolutely delicious.  My husband got a mango martini (he loves mango anything) and lo and behold!  It wasn't too sweet.  Yes, you could tell that it had a liberal amount of vodka.Service was totally professional.  Such a pleasure.  When we first entered we thought uh oh - perhaps we should have dressed up a  bit more.  It is a beautiful place and has white tablecloths.  But they treated us just fine.Prices are moderate.  Would definitely go there again.
I did not like this place.This old Indian guy was our waiter and he was very very rude. We ordered some food which was pretty bland. I then ordered the Tandoori vegetables and he wrote down the order.  We waited like 20-25 minutes and then the guy comes up to us and asks us if we were done????? I told him that did you friggin forget our order??? He started arguing and said that we didnt order at all. What a jerk. Then instead of apologizing he says - Do you want it now or not! Jerk!The waiters will constantly nag you to leave/ pick up your plates while you are still eating! I would never go back to this place.
Pretty awesome Indian Cuisine. Disclaimer: this is based on the 5 minutes that I actually got to eat (note: this was 45 minutes after we ordered), since I was running to a concert at 8 pm. When I inquired regarding our order ("Uh..I have to go at 8...Where is our food?"), the reply I got was always "I'll go check up on it, Ms." 45 minutes for food, including appetizers? Not okay, even on a Friday night (especially when it's not even at max capacity). At any rate, a full star off for slow service. The food itself was delicious. We got the samosas, baby lamb chops, chicken korma, chicken tikki marsala, mushroom mutter, lemon rice and garlic nan. The nan was a bit cold (maybe a result of having sat out on the counter for a while).
The Department of Health closes this place every 5 or 6 months.  It was just closed last week and they reopened with a C rating.  Some of my coworkers have gotten sick from this place.  We don't eat here, anymore.
Spectacular.We love the location, easy walk from Lincoln Plaza Cinemas. But the offerings my wife and I had were wonderful without exception. Yellow dal was. Tremendous, the chicken tikka was flavorful like nothing we've had. Sapphire dal like a savory Indian chili, exceptional lacha parantha. Service was friendly without being overbearing. Not sure why this isn't more highly regarded on Yelp, honestly. Have been to many of the highest-rated Indian places in NYC, and we liked this best.
Awesome vindaloo, great raita, amazing chicken tikki masala, fantastic palaak paneer.
I ordered takeout here while staying at a hotel down the street.  I waited at the bar and had a couple drinks when picking it up early.  The staff were very kind and the restaurant itself looks like it has very good ambiance.  Our food was excellent.
good indian food but wayyy overpriced! the portions here are tiny, so don't come here if you're hungry or else you'll have to order 3ish entrees a person at $12+ each!
So good!! The vegetable tandoori was so flavorful as were all the dishes we ordered. A little more pricey, but nice atmosphere
If you're looking for Indian food near Lincoln Center or Columbus Circle this place is a good bet. The quality of the food was fantastic -- and for a vegetarian the menu was quite friendly and offered a nice variety of choices. The only down points were that the service was uneven (sometimes great, but sometimes missing in action) -- and the B grade in the window was a bit of a turn off. But i'd return and was happy on the whole...
This was just a random stop for me and my buddy after watching War Horse at the Lincoln Center. I've never had Indian food before, but after going here I want more! The place was upscale with excellent service. The food here introduced me to new flavors from the lamb to the chicken, nan and the sauces, all well prepared and tasty. A great 1st experience with Indian food and will be what I use to compare other Indian restaurants to.
Wen there with my stanford professor and highly recommend the cauliflower dish!!
I feel bad because I found this restaurant on Yelp and suggested my friends and I eat there.  I'm surprised this place has so many good ratings. We went for dinner on a Sat night and the food is seriously overpriced for what you get.  Rice is apparently extra....Since when is rice extra $$?  Waitstaff seems to hover too close to the table while your trying to eat..... I don't mind if they do this at lunchtime, but not at dinner time. Upon entering I noticed the place is not even half full at 6:30 on a Sat night and the "C" health rating....I'll never return.
Three star food at four star prices = Two stars. Psshaw. The saffron shrimp was jumbo with ok flavor, but it always bugs me when food is served on a plate with more garnish than meal (layers of undressed baby greens and shredded beet and carrtot) there to make the plate look more colorful than the food itself is. The rice had the traditional peas, but also little cubed carrots that convinced me the veggies were fresh out of the freezer bag. Also, the veg were oddly hard - reheated perhaps? I also wished they had a little pre-dinner popadom or something to whet my palate and tend to my hunger. The service was fine but not too personable (except for the adorable older man at coat check.)All in all, I would prefer to try a new place than return here.
Mediocre food, very small servings, and overpriced. I went to Sapphire on a recommendation from a friend, and by the time we sat down and looked at the prices on the menu it was too late to back out. However the decor was cute and the waiters were very friendly, so we decided to give it an honest shot. But when the food came, I was extremely disappointed. Chicken tikka masala for $19 is expensive even in manhattan, but when it came out there were literally 5 pieces of chicken (we counted) and the sauce was watery and poorly seasoned -- it tasted overwhelmingly like tomato sauce. The same was true of the shrimp dish we ordered, Suncta chi Kodi: under-seasoned, very little substance and it costed over $20. To add injury to insult, I was shocked when the bill came and there was a $5 charge for a small bowl of rice which we hadn't even ordered. Save your money and don't go to this place. Personally, I would choose any of the small Indian joints on Columbus over Sapphire.
my absolute favorite indian restaurant!love going there especially for lunch all-you-can-eat buffet!service is great as well. you never have to ask for more water because they fill it up for u before u even get a chance to :)cant wait to go again !
My favorite upscale Indian restaurant. Super fresh ingredients. Basic Indian dishes - Chicken Saag, Tikka Masala, Vindaloo - are all solid. Not inexpensive but you get what you pay for in terms of quality and service. Nice wine list and selection of Indian Beers
Went there for the lunch buffet with my professor once. Decent selection but it's definitely not among the better Indian food I have had. If you're looking for a mediocre  Indian place for lunch, this is it.
Décor- 4 stars. Nice ambiance and good crowd.  Not too dark where you can't see the occasional roaming NY cockroach. JK    Food: 3 stars. Food was good but not great.  My wife (in T minus 7 years...backup plan!) ordered the chicken takka masala, baked eggplant, mango shrimp, plain naan, and garlic naan.  The chicken masala was decent...creamy, flavorful, and good portion of white meat chicken.  The baked eggplant was delicious but way too spicy.  I took a sip of water after every bite.  The mango shrimp were huge and succulent but the sauce was nothing to rave about.  Garlic naan is better than the plain one but if you're going to a show afterwards...stick to the plain.  My partner was hating me when I was burping up the garlic all through Rock of Ages.          Service: 2 stars.  They were pretty good at filling our water but they don't seem like they really care about your experience nor did they really check up on us.  Price: 2 stars. OMG. Talk about getting the NY experience in overpriced dining.  For those three simple entrées and the two naans the bill came out to over 80 bucks.  In my opinion a rip but I guess for NY that's reasonable.  Based on the food, I would come here for their lunch buffet, but totally not worth a la carte dinner menu.
This place has great indian food in a relaxed setting. While the service may not be the best and the place is not the prettiest, those are not the reasons to go there. If you love indian food like me, try it!
OH BOY!  thats all i can say!i took my lovely babe for valentines day to this place....she is a big fan and has been trying to get me to go for the longest!  so for valentines day i made a reservation for 2.im sorry i didnt go sooner!!!!  the food was AWESOME!i ordered the Saffron SHRIMP......let me just tell you that it was the biggest shrimp i have seen in my life!  when they say JUMBO.  oh boy do they mean JUMBO!i felt like i was eating a superb piece of filet mignon.......the seasoning was on point and the best part for me was that it had that GRILL taste....YUMmy girlfriend had the ManGo Shrimp.......Amazing!  again, the shrimp were as big as myhead!  and thats pretty big!  only negative thing i can say was that the greeter at the front door seemed to have a stick up his A** or maybe he was just another ignorant retard that dislikes GAY people!  grrrrroh!  and the Samosa's were jus ok!   ive had better........
Very expensive for Indian food. The 2 "$" signs isn't accurate. It's more like 3 $. But this is high end Indian food. Linens on the table, multiple wait persons, etc.  You come here to dine and relax, not dine and dash.The service is excellent, but slow. Very slow. The restaurant wasn't full so we're unsure as to why it was so slow. Our waiter accidentally spilled a tiny bit of food on my partner's trousers and they immediately dashed off to fetch carbonated water and then comped a 2nd round of cocktails for us. Many restauranteers wouldn't have been so concerned. Much appreciated.We ordered a veggie Vindaloo (not on menu), the baby eggplant dish ($14 - which a reviewer raved about), garlic naan ($5), 1 order of rice, and drinks (1 cocktail + 1 glass chardonnay, $8). Our bill came to $59 including tax. Everything was delicious, perfectly presented. One odd thing: the peas in the regular basmati rice were HARD. I'm not sure what this means...but another reviewer commented about the carrots in the rice resembling frozen veggies. Maybe true considering the hardness. It was a bit odd.All in all, a very nice restaurant for dinner but be prepared to wait once you are here. Excellent location within a stone's throw of Columbus Circle...so a convenient place to stop after being in the park or shopping at Time Warner.My main complaints were price and the slowness of the service.
On a recent trip to NY we visited Sapphire for our first Indian cuisine experience and I must say we were super impressed. The food was amazing! The lamb was so tasty and the chicken tikka masala makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The servers were very nice and the place was cute and quiet. I will definately go back there on my next NY trip and I am on a mission to find an indian restaurant in Miami just as good. I totally recommend!
I would have given them 3 stars if it weren't for the terrible stomach pains I experienced immediately after eating here.After seeing the interior I had high expectations. It has to be one of the nicest Indian restraints in the city. The waiters were dressed in suits. The service was lacking from the beginning. No one asked us if we wanted anything to drink. Though it was a buffet and I have come to expect bad service in NYC. The buffet was rather large for the city and a nice variety of dishes. Everything was hot and fresh .The korma had frozen vegetables in it. Apparently fresh carrots and green beans are to expensive. They are really heavy handed with the cinnamon. Every dish reeked of cinnamon and a few of them still had huge pieces of bark hidden in them.  Also there were torn pieces of bay leaf were left in the sagg which is a pet peeve of mine.  The servers walk up and down never actually doing anything. We had to ask for are plates to be cleared, the water to be refilled and finally to get the check 4 times. Over all I liked the space. The best thing I can say about the food was it was hot.
I'm kind of "meh" about this place. We went there only because I wanted some Indian food, and it was the closest Indian restaurant around the Empire Hotel where we stayed. The prices are pretty high compared to Chicago institutions, but it is Manhattan so I guess that's pretty standard.The food was not spicy at all when it came out, I had to ask them to add spices. Overall, the food was all right for hungry people but it's not a place I would come back to. The service was fine, but I did feel a bit awkward when the busboy was constantly looking at us, standing next t our table. I know that they want to make sure nobody needs anything, but he was looking constantly. When we were asked if we need drinks at the beginning of the meal, my mom ordered an orange juice which she did not receive until we asked for it again when the meal already arrived.The vibe is a bit outdated and the place could use some sprucing up. It seems old and out of place in its' location.
This place rocks.  My mom stopped by my office so I took her to Sapphire's so we could try their buffet lunch.  First, all the food is nicely presented.  They're extremely neat and clean which I appreciated in a buffet restaurant.  Other buffets can turn out pretty nasty looking after an hour because of all the people but not here. The food was really good.  I loved the nan bread and chicken tikka masala.  Their tandoori chicken was pretty good too.  There was this cole slaw dish which had a spicy kick to it that I loved.  For $13, this place was a great deal with great food.
Their Indian buffet, which starts at 12:00 and ends at 2:45, is the best Indian buffet in Manhattan.  Delicious cauliflower dishes, eggplant, and saag paneer.The place is a little bit uptight and snooty.  It's one of those rare "upscale" Indian places that's actually good.  When it comes to food that comes from the continent of Asia, I really do prefer dirty, family owned places where it feels a little like home, but this place is really good.
I would have to agree with the other Yelper who said this is the best Indian food they have had. It is honestly my favorite I've been here several times a year for the last 6 years and the food is consistently the best. Here are my favorite things to order... Garlic Naan, mango lasi, a  bottle of Riesling, the giant green tandoori shrimp, one chicken ticka masala and one butter chicken, and ofcourse the lamb chops which are to die for.
Excellent indian food.  Not quite as expensive as say Dawut but just as elegant.  Really nice big restaurant with great decoration.  The service was excellent and attentive.The food was much better than your typical NYC Indian place, the meat was all very tender, lean, and cooked perfectly.  I had the Lamb with dried apricots.  Such a wonderful dish, very rich, not spicy, the apricots had adsorbed the liquid and were not really dried, but almost fresh, which was really nice.  The lamb was very lean, tender and a good portion.  Excellent dish i will order again.  Someone at my table ordered a baby eggplant dish that looked fantastic thu i did not get to try it.  Three of us started with the Mulligatawny which was excellent.  The Nan was also excellent, better then usual in NYC.Overall highly recomended, not the best Indian in NYC but also not the most expensive, worth a visit.
This place is fantastic! Went there last night for dinner with a friend and we both loved it. We are both Indian and have eaten at a lot of different places--this one is definitely a notch above your standard curry hill fare, though it is more expensive. Yummy!
This place is racist; we were singled out and sat all the way toward the wall in an empty dining room (regular practice is to seat patrons closer to the window in order to encourage others to walk in). I guess the caste system runs deep in their culture. If you're Caucasian or if you "seem" well-to-do, you'll be fine. Other than this, the food was very good in all fairness.
Fantastic food and service do good it's scary. They must have some kind of mind reading devices in the table because there is always someone when u need them. A great way to eat fine cuisine at a reasonable price.
We came here for the lunch buffet yesterday. I am pretty judgemental about Indian buffets, so when I walked in and saw a big spread I was a bit worried. But it was great! Great variety for $14.95 lunch buffet including appetizers, lunch, and dessert. Naan and tandoori chicken came fresh to the table. All the traditional favorites like chicken tikka masala, aloo ghobi, saag paneer, etc were available. Only things missing: samosa and gulab jamun! (Two of my favorites haha) The atmosphere was clean, wait staff attentive with water and naan. Overall great food and great experience. Would recommend.
I came for the lunch buffet. The chicken in the chicken tikka masala was sort of disgusting, but that was the worst of it. Nothing else was bad per se, but I've had better everything at several other places. This was my first time going to an Indian restaurant in NYC, though, so I couldn't recommend another place. I have a feeling plenty of other people have already done that anyway.
get a wide selection of Indian food.its not the greatest Indian cuisine I've had, especially for that priceabout $16 per person for the buffet
I didn't like this place the first time I tried it, but went not too long ago for the lunch buffet.In a word, it was excellent.  Wide variety of well made tasty dishes.I haven't been here for dinner in a while, so can't comment on that.Service staff could be better.  I don't understand why they aren't a little more pleasant.
Absolutely the best vegetable biryani I've had in NYC.  Everything else I've tried is quite good.  I'd have given them 4 stars, but the service is very erratic, quite slow, and occasionally rude, as noted in many reviews.  Personally, I stick with their lunch buffet (alas no biryani) or takeout, so I don't need to deal with the service issue.
I go here frequently for their lunch buffet and love it. Why wouldn't you partake? I only wish they had a variety of choices for dessert during the buffet, they only ever have one. I love the Mango Lassi's! It is definitely up there with the better Indian food I've had.The waiters are very nice and sometimes joke with you.
Saphire is a nice, upscale Indian Restaurant. The service was terrific. The decor is nice. The chairs are comfy. The food is above average. We ordered a ton of food. The lamb chops are outstanding - probably the best i've ever had. They are marinated in spices, and extremely tender and flavorful, especially the crispy ends. I ate like 5 lamb chops, could not get enough of them. The Chicken Tikki Masala was good, not Great. But it could be a personal preference - i prefer the masala sauce to be "more orange" or creamy or whatever. This sauce was more tomato-based, and a dark red color. The Naan was disappointing. Too doughy, and heavy. Overall, a quality experience at Sapphire. 3.75 stars.
We ordered from this place right after I came out of the hospital with a crippling stomach bug.  I was hungry for something tasty, but knew I couldn't take anything stronger than rice.Mmmm...Indian rice.The rice was super tasty, and my friend ordered garlic naan and Chana Masala.  The portions were hefty, and we ended up eating leftovers the next day.  I mixed in some of her Chana Masala, which was nice and spicy and some green sauce that might have come with the naan.  It was absolutely delicious, and the price came to about $20 for the two of us.  Totally reasonable, especially for NY.
I've got to say I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food, so I am by no means a connoisseur of the cuisine. However, this is the not the best I've had, but its pretty good. The dishes are definitely flavorful and some are quiet spicy, so if you don't like heat be careful what you order ... The waitstaff is very pleasant. The decor is nice. Overall, its an A-OK experience.
After wandering down B'way from my adventure at Grom (see review), I ended up here.... I've had a hankering for Indian food so I checked it out.  I was angry, tired, delirious.... so I wasn't thinking about money at this point.... the place had white tablecloths... fancy schmancy cutlery and glasses....beautiful framed tapestries.... dishes served in copper pots..... but I wore real casual clothing here.... and I only roll casual most of the time.The service was good, done by the finely dressed servers (in bowties, black vests, white long-sleeved shirts, and pants).  They occasionally checked on how I was doing and asked how the food was... but not an annoying frequency.  I missed out on the "prix fixe" dinner ($25), which starts at 10pm (WTF?  why so late?).... but that's coz they're just trying to get rid of their leftovers.  I had the lovely onion fritters ($5)--onions batter-dipped in spiced goo of coriander, tumeric, and other stuff...and deep-fried.  They serve the fritters with a side of tamarind and mint chutney in little saucers (so no squeeze bottles ova hea!), and a small portion of baby greens.  I was debating on what main dish I should order, as the damn prices are waaaay too rich for my blood ($14 for palaak paneer and $20 for chicken tikka masala).... so I got both because I didn't care and I was angry at the world.  The tomato-based sauce of the Chx Tikka Masala was wonderfully fresh-tasting---sweet, but not too tart  and not too creamy (vs. Naan N Curry's version).  The white chicken meat were very tender and juicy.  The palaak paneer was also very delectable.  The soothing sweetness of the tomato base of the Tikka Masala dish actually worked real well in slightly muting the spiciness of the Palaak Paneer.  I love it when flavors and heat fight in my mouth.  I got the garlic naan to sop up the rich and flavorful sauces of my dishes---it was fresh, hot, fluffy, and perfect, like me. With a glass of Chilean cab, tax/tip, the damage came out to be about $65.  yeah, that's waaaaay too steep for Indian food.  They also have a bar right when you walk into the place.  I'll say that this place sorta rivals my experience at Amber India in Mountain View, but it's also been a while since I've been there.I did enjoy eavesdropping on this guy talking about how shitty his relationship is with his dad and that he needs to surround people that would "add to", rather than "subtract from" his life.
Great food.  A little pricey,  but so is everything around Lincoln Center.  Service wasn't so great - if they had been a bit more attentive, we would have ordered a second glass of wine and dessert.  Since we had Met tickets, we ended up leaving without.
Sapphire is a pretty decent indian joint in Columbus Circle /  UWS, a neighborhood i seldom hang out in with the exception of getting hammered at Yogi's on $2 PBR's.I give it 3.5 stars - mostly because the food is on par with most decent curry houses in New York, but i would say they are a bit too expensive. Service was OK, nothing really above average.Chicken vindaloo was good - pretty spicy, and i was pleased with the mulligatawny soup - one of my favorite soups ever.If it was a bit cheaper i may upgrade it to 4 stars, but paying an average of $20 for a curry is probably a bit too much for this restaurant.Then again, me being a dumbass when it comes to most things in the UWS, maybe this is primo indian up there and they can get away with the prices. And perhaps being so close to Columbus Circle / Time Warner center - they can also get away with sticking it to the tourists who don't know they shouldn't pay $20 for a curry.
So there were friend's of friends that we met for dinner on Friday night. The most convenient location was around Columbus Circle, because some were from the Upper West Side. My friend suggested this Indian place. Nice, causal ambiance. We ordered a bunch of starters/apps. The Chatapata Poori and Samosas was bland. My fave was Lansuni Gobi, cauliflower batter fried in garlic sauce, this was very good. My entree was Nilgiri Korma, lamb with mint, coriander, coconut and spices. It was good and spicy, I enjoyed it. The others enjoyed their dishes as well, but I can't recall what they had. Everything was a la carte including the rice. Service was adequate but could have been more attentive. Looks like they have a lunch buffet every day of the week, because they were setting it up as we were finishing our dinner. Decent pricing for Upper West Side. I'm not fond of Indian cuisine, but this place is decent. If you don't know much about the food like I do, thankfully I was with people who did, try their lunch to get a start.
The food was good but the service left a foul aftertaste.Went here with six friends. Though the place was not crowded, and it was late enough that it wasn't going to get crowded, we were seated in a corner. This meant that the waiters couldn't reach some of my friends, so we all got to pitch in and pass plates. That would be fine, even charming, if this was a hole in the wall. But it's $20 for an entree, and then you get to buy rice for another $5.The bill came, and they had added an 18% service charge to our order, presumably because we were a large party. This upset me, and it turns out that you are only allowed to add a 15% service charge, and only to parties of 8 or more.Overall: shady service charge and overpriced food leaves this reviewer with an upset stomach.
The food was very good, and when I told the waiter we were going to the opera shortly, he got us right in and out.  It's a bit expensive, but probably this is due to the location, which is very close to Lincoln Center.  The naan was perfect, and the paneer was good too.
Food is ok, and they recently improved their wine list... But $16 for Aloo Ghobi? All wine $10 a glass? And a $25 minimum... I mean it's not like they were crowded. Totally not worth the money. They've upped the prices substantially in the last two years.
Glad my fave Indian restaurant in the city closed...otherwise I never would have tried this place! I've only eaten here during the lunch buffet, but it was excellent. Lots of choices and everything was really good. And reasonably priced. Can't wait to return.
Pretty darned good place. Shared appetizers inclusing samosas and scallops. The other appetizers (party of ten) never made it down to me...I think that's good!  I had the Chicken Vindaloo which was nice and spicy wihtout being painful.
I have been very pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. I had generally skipped this place a few times thinking it was yet another Indian restaurant. Once I went with a group for the lunch buffet and it was awesome! I have been there a few times for lunch since then and have been very satisfied with the food and service every time.Unlike many other Indian restaurants, the menu seems to vary fairly constantly. While there are are some dishes that are standard, the desserts and the appetizers were different on each visit. The food was excellent and had a wide variety. It included both South Indian and North Indian dishes, which was a welcome change for me. The ambiance is very good and is a great setting for business lunches. I would strongly recommend this place for anyone who wants good Indian food that is adjusted to the American palette.
This is the first time in all my years of eating Indian food that we were charged for rice!  Considering that rice is a staple of any super saucy Indian meal I was a bit outraged when I saw the check: $10.00 in rice for 6 people.  Coupled with the fact that my friend ordered an $18 lamb dish that contained all of three pieces of lamb, we were so under-whelmed with this place there is nothing else I can say to make the experience seem any better. I've had better food for less money.  Period.
I order almost weekly from this place - consistant good food - not great but good and delivery is fast - I would reate it 4 stars but the Asian delivery guys are rude and last night demanded more tip - saying it was required to tip 10% on delivery!  I called to complain but the staff didn't seem to care to do much about it
If you haven't tried Indian this is a good way to introduce yourself. Try the lunch buffet. For $15.75 you will be treated to a taste of India. Many varieties of appetizers, meats, vegetables, salads and deserts. You are sure to find something to your liking.  Very easy to sample. It was fresh, flavorful, and a good value. Great location as well by Columbus Circe, Central Park, and the time Warner center. I have been there several times and was never disappointed. Oh and try the Mango martini when you visit.
Waaaaay too expensive for Indian food. The food IS pretty good, but definitely not the best, and rice is not included in the price of your meal--it's an extra $5. Thus, way to overpriced. So much so that the price left a bitter taste in my mouth because, a few days after eating there, I still feel broke. Otherwise, the service is excellent, and the food IS pretty good and seems fresh.
So we came here after going ice skating in Central Park (lucky for us since it was only a hop and a skip away from Wollman Rink). We tried lots of stuff including something lamb, something chicken, and some beef. The something lamb was a little chewy and tasted like chicken with green sauce. The something chicken was very tender, sweet, and had a yellow sauce. The something beef was very spicy and had a greenish with black specks sauce. The bread was especially good with garlic and little nuts baked into the flour. Things I remember about the restaurant include this really ornate mirror in the bathroom made of wood and a huge-wooden-torch/lamp that was right next to our table. The only reason why I remember? I kind of leaned against the huge-wooden-torch/lamp not realizing that it was a huge-wooden-torch/lamp-not-nailed-to-the-floor. Dammit.
My husband and I just ate deliver dinner from Sapphire, and we both have an upset stomach.  The flavors were pretty good, but everything was covered in grease and oil.  And some very basic indian food items, like the mulligatawny soup, were just seriously blah.  The soup was thin with almost no lentils.  My shrimp saag was swimming in grease.  Not horrible, but we're certainly going to keep looking for our go-to indian delivery option.
great indian food, but i feel that its overpriced. theres a $25 minimum per person, which is not that hard to reach given the entrees hover around $20 a pop. food was solid and service was very good, i guess you have to pay for the setting.
I'm not sure why my friend and I ended up there (Midtown - maybe we were at the Met, I can't recall), but we were looking desperately for an agreeable - between the two of us, between me and a place, and between my friend and a place - restaurant, something not crazy expensive nor entirely cheap and dirty.  It seemed like we were trying to solve some type of an impossible and perhaps sadistically tricky mathematical equation, looking to calculating the coordinates that defined a space where the area shared by three three-dimensional objects and moods were positively maximized.  I should also mention that it was in the middle winter, with some snow on the ground, probably some wetness of slush, and my friend was wearing these slipper type of things she likes to wear without socks.  Obviously, the more we treaded around, the more our nerves frayed, exposing more and more of the deep emotional/habitual tendencies that we all try to keep to ourselves, the ugliness that betrays our good nature and well-meaning efforts, causing us to blurt out things we don't really mean and speak in tones that we personally don't even condone.  Looking back, it may be only a small grandiose and over-dramatized statement for me to say that Sapphire Indian Cuisine saved our friendship.It was after a slight bit of raising of her voice - most likely in retaliation to my snide remark about having "foresight" regarding her electing to go sockless - that I relented, and we walked back to Sapphire - I'd scoffed at their prices upon initial perusal of the menu, thinking that they weren't worth it (no reason for the assumption other than that it was Midtown).They sat us by the window at a small table in the corner tucked adjacent to the entrance.  I was concerned that we'd constantly have to deal with the wind generated from the folks coming in and out of the restaurant, but the worry subsided as I warmed up and realized that it wasn't really a busy night.  We split an appetizer - don't remember what - and a shrimp dish, and we both really enjoyed the experience.  If I were to be cynical, I'd say that the harsh situation prior to arriving at the restaurant greatly enhanced the enjoyment of our time there, but in reality - at least I'd like to believe - the food and the kind of serene atmosphere of the place allowed us to move on from the tortuous misadventure in the snow and ascend above the trivial annoyances we were preoccupied with.A few months after that, my office moved to Midtown from Downtown, and I was quite elated to find out that they have Boxed Lunch To Go for $8 - which yields two servings, if you're being honest with yourself - as to how much food you should consume in one sitting.I can see how it may be hard to spell "sapphire" correctly - especially when you've never had to spell it before.
We were recommended this place by some friends, who said we absolutely had to go here before we leave New York City. I cannot say there is anything here worth going for unless you want to experience truly bad service. We came here for the lunch buffet, and the waiters barely paid any attention to us at all. We had to ask for drink refills, and they charged us for a full new drink every time without telling us. And they didn't even replace the glass. The food was mediocre to bland, and expensive. We had high hopes for this place due to the recommendations, but we were very disappointed. We will definitely not recommend this place to anyone.
We went to Sapphire last night before catching a broadway show. The ambience was nice. Very accessible from the subway. Our favorite dish was Murg Tandoori. The portions were good. From an Indian perspective it was not spicy at all. Almost bland. A little pricey. May be charging for the location. There is an indian saying " Oonchy Dukan heeka Pakwan" i.e High end shop with a low end product. I think this would apply here.
I've gone three times now and every time have had stand out delicious food and amazing service.  I was surprised to see the negative reviews on here but maybe I have been lucky.  Service:  Each time I've had the same waiter (tall, skinny, probably late 20s) and the service has been ridiculously good by NYC standards.  They were super fast with everything, always kept our water glass full, didn't make us wait for the check and they serve your food when it shows up (kind of fun on occasion),  For dinner its all white table cloths and cool hammered copper serving bowls.   The place is gigantic, definitely nice to have some space for once.  I would agree that the service could be more friendly, but as a New Yorker my standards of niceness have become pretty low.  Also when we asked for a recommendation and tried to get the waiter to suggest somethign he likes his response was 'the chicken vindaloo is very popular'.  Thats always a shame, I don't really care what the other dinners like, I want to know what the waiter likes... but thats not enough for me to dock points.Food:  Their main dishes are sooo delicious.  Sapphire is all about subtle and delicate spicing.  Any dish I have tried there really lets you take a bite and enjoy as the flavor develops in your mouth.  I mean, I can enjoy the simple and big in your face flavor you find at other average Indian places, but the flavor at Sapphire really stands out and is worth the extra money.  .... but, as others have pointed out, that level of quality definitely does not carry over to the rice or the nan.  The rice is $5 for absolutely nothing special.  The nan is too gooey in some spots and then to hard and burnt in others.... not sure what the deal with that is but it is a shame. None the less, the main dishes are so good that I think they make up for those glaring errors and still make this place 5 star worthy. So I guess you have to decide if you are willing to deal with shitty nan, over priced rice, and the potential for bad service that other yelpers saw for the sake of eating seriously good indian food.
Visited today for their lunch buffet. Since there were mixed reviews from other yelpers, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I have to say, I was totally satisfied! At $14.95, I gorged on appetizers, 3 meat dishes, 3 veg dishes, with delicious fluffy naan. Of course I continued to gorge on the 2 desserts they had available. The waitstaff was very attentive, polite, and pleasant. All I had to do was look in their direction and they would come to the table. The food was flavorful but a tad bit on the greasy side and not as spicy as I would've liked, but I'm brown, so I like extreme spiciness. Looking forward to checking them out for dinner.
Really enjoyed the food, although it was a little on the expensive side.  I love spicy food and got two of their spicy dishes, which were great. We had a little trouble getting our check at the end of the night, but otherwise, I'll definitely be going back!
My wife and I went to Sapphire after catching a movie at Lincoln Center. We had both been craving Indian food for some time and were looking around... As we walked out of the movie theater we saw Sapphire and decided to give it a shot. The food was spectacular and the service was top level. It's a bit pricey but considering the quality of the food and service, it was well worth it. BTW, they have a full liquor bar and a very decent wine selection. Another key point is that the bathrooms were sparkling clean - I've run into far too many restaurants that do a great job in the dining areas and neglect the bathroom... This place seemed clean and well taken care of everywhere I looked.
STAY AWAY FROM HERE - NEVER AGAIN!!!!!  I can not believe how rude the service here is.  They do not care about or value their customers at all.  I was charged for something I did not order.  They would not take it off the bill.  They said it was completely my fault.  There was zero flexiblity.  We used to eat here and order from here all the time.  I told them we were regulars and good customers, and furthermore, why would we lie???  We walk in to spend almost $100 on Indian food and decide to lie over a $10 item??  It just doesn't make sense.  We told them they had a choice that if they would not do right by us we would never eat there again.  They said "fine - that's your choice".  Wow.  Way to make me feel valued as a customer.  I'm sure they will go out of business shortly.  People that are so rude and make customers feel like this do not deserve to stay open.   By the way on top of all that, the food is EXTREMELY overpriced!
I wasn't really into Indian food until I tried this place.  The chicken and naan's here are on point
They sure know how to do Indian food!  To be honest I dont' remember exactly the names of all the curries, but I can tell you that they were all A+++ superb!  It's a neat place!  You get the taste of something that should be from a "hole in the wall" (those are usually the best places) but instead at a clean, nice, and polished place.  All in all great delicious everything AND a nice place....bonus!.  Price is not bad at all for NY standards.    I would definately come back and would recommend it to anyone! = ) Happy eating!
Good but not spectacular Indian, convenient to Lincoln Center.  The tandoori vegetables and cheese didn't have as much spice as I like, except the broccoli, which was flavorful and was nicely cooked.  The creamy yogurt sauce was delicious though.
Sapphire was off the HOOK...great food!  Try the baby eggplant dish and the salmon...it's to die for!
I've been attending events at Lincoln Center for the past 35 years and have dined at restaurants in the area for that many years. I've dined at Sapphire several times in the past. Overall, I found the food to be good but the service to be inconsistent. I hadn't dined at Sapphire for several month due to the difficulties that they were having with the NYC Board of Health. However, now that they obtained an "A" rating with the Board of Health, I chose to dine there again. I made a 5:45pm reservation on "Open Table" intending to have a three course dinner and leave about 7:30pm for a performance at Lincoln Center. We arrived on time and the meal was uneventful (which translates as "fine") except I was skeptical that my Tandoori Chicken was hot in one spot and cold in another. I suspected that they prepared the dish in advance and reheated it. However, it was still flavorful. At 7pm, shortly after we were served coffee and dessert the "captain" brought the check and informed us that we "needed to leave immediately because others were waiting for tables".  There is no excuse for this other than the restaurant's desire to maximize profits.  I, for one, will NEVER return to Sapphire.
Excellent food and pretty good price if you take into account the very nice ambiance and service.  Fantastic Halwa for desert (I think it's usually made from carrots, but they have made it from some green vegetable - loki, which was amazing).  Setting Sapphire apart from any restaurant in the city is their lamb chops.  Perhaps they would be my last meal on earth.  They are fabulous and ironically, I never would have thought to try it but by happenstance!  Nice date place too.  Service is at a nice speed (as in, not rushed) which I really enjoyed.  You can really find some unique dishes here and some of the staff can be really helpful if you have questions.  Writing about Sapphire, I realize it's been WAY too long since I've been.
I went to Saphire Indian Cuisine for New Year's Eve in 2006 and it was very quaint with a nice atmosphere. The service was prompt and the menu selection was generous. I ordered some biryani and chicken tikka masala. The spices were flavorful and the portions plentiful. The interior is decorative and the waitstaff were very friendly. It's the perfect setting for a romantic date or family dinner.
What an hateful place peopled by annoying servers!  The waiters kept bugging me and my friend to give up our utensils when it was clearly obvious that we were not done with it.  At first, it was puzzling, but the persistently rude attitude we encountered took me aback.  I thought for a moment that this can't be real.  They can't actually be taking my plate with my food still on it!  The food served buffet-style was decent and in fact, was one of the better Indian food I've had.  But man, the servers seem to have been trained by Gordon Ramsay.
I decided to check out this place for lunch since there aren't that many good food choices around the Columbus Circle area. I decided to get their $7.80 luncbox special which includes rice, meat, vegetable of the day and naan. When I walked in I got snooty glares from the host and waiters as I walked it. It was quite intimidating. I didn't feel welcomed at all. The decor was very upscale with a touch of Indian flare. I was hungry so I asked to get the lunchbox special and asked for menu. The host guy just sighed and told me to order at the bar. The bartender got me a menu. I looked it over and was shocked at the prices for eating in. It must be serious gourmet Indian food right? I ended up ordering the Chicken Curry lunchbox. It took about 10 minutes to get my food. I gave the bartender my money and he just threw me the change. I was like WTF and left. I was hungry.  The lunch box included a lot of rice, tiny portion of chicken curry, the rest was spinach. They also included a huge piece of naan. It wasn't bad but not great either. I don't think I'll return. How do places like that stay business with piss poor customer service? I guess some people don't care.
I LOVE SAPPHIRE! I have been there 3 times and each time I am equally satisfied. It's not one of those places where you walk out smelling of cumin and curry. They provide great service. The food is beautifully presented and the coat check guy is completely adorable! If you are reading this, I LOVE YOU! =) So far I have had the samosas, crab tikki, mango shrimp, one of my baby's saffron shrimp (thank you baby), naan, tropical salad and chicken vindaloo (before I became a vegetarian)...all of which were amazing.  Why are you still reading this...go to Sapphire! =)
Hands down, my favorite Indian restaurant in all of NYC.  I've eaten there for dinner a few times and the lunch buffet is amazing.  Seriously, everything I've had has been totally stellar.  Great service, though slightly snooty, but it doesn't bother me.  Very beautiful decor with a ceiling painted to look like a sky.  Love it!
Food is certainly very good, as noted by other reviewers.  Particularly recommend the Chicken Vindaloo and the Salmon Saag--very tasty dishes, spiced just right.Uneven service quality, however--somewhat rude servers.  Also, the price was a bit steep for what the food deserved--definitely paying for the location.
The lunch buffet is perfect.  I get to have a plate full of my favorite foods.  It's wonderful.  Good service, pretty restaurant, and delicious food.
The more the merrier and if you have a really big group, if you ask the server to just make enough for everyone and you pick the dishes, they'll do it for you.  Usually comes to about $50 - $60 a person.  If not, just order individual dishes but GET THE LAMB.  Can't stress that enough.
i've been here 3 times now, each time it was super delicious! i only come for the buffet cuz its a great deal at $14. the naan is actually one of the best naan i've had, and its not even garlic naan. they have a great selection of curries and appetizers for the buffet, and really good tasty pudding for dessert.will come here every weekend!
Tasty lunch buffet, and in a location in the middle of things. Great place for a quick and filling lunch.
Great delicious Indian food with great presentation. Nice decor and ambiance. Service a bit slow when crowded but food and ambiance is worth it. If you havent tried Indian cuisine yet, I suggest this is a nice place to start too.
I've only been there for the weekday lunch buffet, but all-you-can eat, high quality Indian food for under $15, you really can't go wrong!
This restaurant is fantastic! The best Indian food I've ever had. Also, this is the only restaurant I've ever been to that doesn't have ice in the water but has ice in the urinals in the men's room. A nice touch.
We went X-mas shopping, and on our way back home, tired and cold after this snowy day, I took here my friend to celebrate he has been promoted at work. The ambience was perfect, relatively quiet, nice music, and nice service. The food, was excellent. For us was a bit spicy (we are european) but still we enjoyed every taste a lot. The mango 'iogurt' is good to accompany the food (we shared one), and we had plenty of papadoum. He had Lamb Sashlik and I had had the Muglhai Lamb (delicious and smooth! ... We ordered only one rice platter: Mutter Pulao and one Naan (bread). And it was enough. It surpried me the price of the papadoum, the rice and the bread,.. a bit pricey there, in other Indian restaurants it comes all together for the same price. We also had Gulan Jamun as dessert, which I strongly recommend! If you like roses and new tastes that give you a feeling of eternuty, that can be Gulan Jamun at Sapphire. We kept it low key,..... but still we paid 79$ including tip ;)I liked the place. (And of course we asked for the doggy bag!)Well, enjoy,.. go and give it a try. It is a nice place for a relaxed family meeting, small job meetings and or just a relaxed evening.... It was a good treat for us tonight. Merry X-mas and Happy new year!
i needed to find a decent place to eat near lincoln center that wouldn't break the bank (no per se that night)...indian food is always welcome, so i decided on sapphire...the place had a very nice, relaxing ambience...the service was prompt and courteous, if humorless, and the pace was relaxed...the food was very good, most especially the lamb xacutti with a wonderfully rich and flavorful sauce...the excellent garlic naan helped me make sure that not a drop of that sauce was wasted...if you simply want great indian food and don't need to be near lincoln center/columbus circle, there are better places to eat in manhattan; if you're in the area, craving indian, sapphire will work very well...
If it wasn't for being quite expensive, I would go here more often. The place is beautiful. The staff is quite friendly. The food is DELICIOUS. After you are done eating, they give you these hot white towels to wash your hands. It feels really good. It's probably my favorite Indian restaurant I've ever been too and I'm not even Indian.
I've been craving Indian food intensely during my recovery from having my wisdom teeth pulled... and Sapphire hit the spot! I came here recently with my boyfriend as a pre-Lincoln Center concert night out, and we loved the decor and the food. It's definitely more expensive than its counterparts in cities like New Haven, but well-worth it. We shared an order of naan ($3), palak paneer, and aloo gobi ($14 apiece)-- the rice (ordered separately) was deliciously seasoned and spiced. Pricey in comparison to New Haven's cheap/yum eats (probably on the low end for NYC), but worth the trip.
Great food every time I've gone. Terrific service also- you're not rushed nor forgotten about. I'm heading there on Thursday 2/2/17 for the 4th or 5th time and will post again if something changes.
After spending a nice evening with my family at Central Park, we marched into this place & found that a bunch of arrogant guys were serving at this restaurant... Gave a star because was the food was good.... But they should know how to serve the customers in a better way
Funny thing I was told to leave 20% as tip otherwise the waiter would run after you to ask what was wrong with his service. This happened to one of my friends earlier. Food was ok nothing great.The last order is at 10 PM so if you plan to go out late this is not the place.
Great atmosphere. Good martini. Really a great find in the Lincoln Center area!Nice cocktails. Great atmosphere. And authentic delicious food. Love it here.
This review is not for the food because these people were not interested in serving food below 25$ per person.I went with my family for a late lunch and depending on our appetite, we ordered our food. Turns out it was below the limit. So the Order Taker went out of our site rudely saying " Minimum 25$ /person"I am a working professional. Spending is not a concern for me. But our appetite did not call for a heavy order.Okay, so we leave the table and head outside. I told the manager that this was unacceptable and rude to send your guest back while the whole restaurant is empty.So this guy had the audacity to say this:"Do you know how much rent we pay over here? (Wtf! Why should I be concerned about that?)We have other guests coming to the restaurant. We wont be affected if you leave. (*slow handclap* what a way to potray atithi devo bhava..meaning Guest is equivalent to God)"I am grateful that I did not eat at a restaurant which has such pathetic people to serve and manage.
Very rude maitre d.  I have eaten here in the past and the food was quite good.  Today the maitre d was exceedingly rude when I stopped in to ask if they were open and it turned out that lunch had not begun.  I hope he was just having a bad day.
Absolutely fantastic food, well flavored, authentic, good value for money and fast. Ahead of other South Asian places in the area. I particularly use them for delivery often.
The food was good and the service was amaizing. But I had better indian food for lower prices so no 5 stars from me
Just had lunch here this afternoon with my wife after a co-worker of hers recommended it. Overall the food wasn't bad but the price was ridiculous. The $16.95 all you could eat lunch deal is just overpriced. There is a limited selection of options and the price didn't include a beverage like coffee, soda or tea. Look I know it's NYC but for a lunch spot it's just not worth it.The service was also very poor and we didn't appreciate the attitude some of the servers gave us.Oh and did I mention the customer who was talking to a friend on the phone utilizing her iPhone's speaker feature? It was so annoying and I can't believe none of the staff asked her to shut it off. We won't be going back.
Mediocre cuisine High prices Small portions Service that is not even worth mentioning
"Visit, only if you want to be treated like a slave!"As soon as we reached there with our baby, they told that we don't have high chair. We were ok with that but as we entered, we were treated like a slave. The staff was very rude and it seems that they were doing some kind of favor by taking our order. We had to leave in middle of ordering the food due to their overwhelming hospitality. They forced us to order more than what we can eat.
The food is decent... Prices are kind of high for the limited options and average food. Service was alright.The lunch take out is around $10 and I enjoyed the lamb option a lot more than what they offered at the buffet.
Ok, so let me tell you that I have been a regular for almost 2 years since I moved to midtown. This is usually place of my choice for quick delivery from seamless (that's why the 2 stars and not 1). Although I do have good memories of this place, the quality has gone down considerably. But enough is enough. Today I've had The worst experience... I found a plastic wire in 'Palak Paneer' dish (I accidentally named the dish Matar Paneer in the image attached. Apparently it's called Palak Paneer) , which used to be my favorite. I'm not going to order anything again from this restaurant.
A very good Indian place. Got there accidentally: was at the tango event at Lincoln Center summer nights, when it started to rain, heavy rain! All near by restaurant were packed by the time we left a dance floor - still made a great choice by entering this restaurant. We ordered only vegetarian dishes: masala, a lot of nan and something with cheese and chickpeas. Everything was excellent, very attentive wait stuff. At the end we had two tea types: Indian chai with a ginger and a regular black tea. Slightly authentic décor and reasonable prices.
Terrible service, terrible. A family member chose this restaurant for a mini-reunion dinner. People travelled near and far to be together. The staff there were so rude in the process of our group arriving. We were ordering appetizers, the restaurant was not close to capacity, yet a member of the wait staff kept muttering rude things under his breath. At one point he came over to clear empty dishes, picked one up and apparently changed his mind and put it back down. We asked for extra mint chutney and the guy said "no, share that one." Seriously?You're in New York, you have some of best eats in the world to choose from. Don't choose this place. The food is ok, so if you really just want some tikka masala and naan and white linens, fine, come here. But if you want something special, a place with character and manners, try elsewhere.
absolutely amazing Indian food. Great service and their signature drink the Sapherita is so good!
Best to come to this Indian place an arm throw from Columbus Circle for their lunch buffet which has a great selection of popular dishes which are very good and quite fresh.  Dinner is pricey but the food is very well made especially the chicken tikka masala and the daal.  Inside isn't too cramped and service is very friendly.  I highly recommend this place if you don't mind paying a bit more for it.
I had the lamb vindaloo and my it was spicy. Slow hearty burn was good because it was chilly out. It awakened my senses. The potato was nicely cooked. The little onions were powerful. At 22 dollars I think it's over pricedAlso had the crab cake it was moist but couldn't taste the crab much.
This review is for their lunch buffet, docking off 3 stars for the worst service ever. The staff has nearly a hostile vibe, and makes you feel really unwelcome. They do not seem to smile. Ever. While our water glasses were refilled frequently, we were chided to "keep your forks" when they came to take our plates away. It drew my attention to how they were treating other customers. A sweet old couple walked in and attempted to request for a table located closer to the entrance and the head server cut them off mid sentence and led them away. Another patron put his coat and winter accessories on a chair on a nearby table (there was no room to keep them anywhere else seriously), and their server picked it up and handed them to the customer without a word or a smile. Lastly, the head server was calling from a phone located on the bar and we couldn't have a conversation as we have to hear him yell loudly  : "THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I HAVE CALLED, DO NOT PUT ME ON HOLD". Seriously, what the hell are these people thinking ?? Maybe they were all having a rough day and I will certainly go back to give them a second chance as the place does have some positives. The restaurant is located across the street from Columbus circle, is clean, has plenty of seating and nice lighting and can potentially have a nice ambience. Lastly, food and prices. Buffet is priced at 16.95 plus tax, so the priciest Indian buffet in the neighborhood. For the vegetarians they had 3 appetizers, 4 dishes on the main course and salads and 2 desserts. Appetizers were well made but the main dishes were certainly  toned down in terms of their flavor and spice levels. The kheer in the desserts is good.
This quiet, elegant restaurant serves delicious food in beautiful Indian dinnerware. The waiters were very attentive and gave us our meals without having to ask who ordered what. We shared a vegetable/mint fritter dish as an appetizer, and then had lamb and chicken dishes for our main courses. The sauces were rich and savory. My only quibble is that the papadam (lentil cracker) was not as fresh and warm as I have had it in other places. But overall, we found the restaurant to offer a really pleasant experience for a pre-Lincoln Center event --- and at a reasonable price!
We never actually made it into Sapphire - we were two women looking for a place top have a quiet drink at the bar on Saturday night. We arrived at 9:55 unaware that the restaurant closes at 10 PM, though there were people sitting and dining inside who weren't going to be tossed into the street at the strike of 10. The host never even looked at us as he rudely told us that they were closing in 5 minutes. I will certainly never pass through this place's door again - I have no desire to be treated this poorly again.
I've been eating here for years. And loved it. Suddenly, in the last two weeks, the food has gotten extremely spicy, over-spiced. You only need to fool me twice.
Employees must wash hands after using the bathroom is not in effect here. Time for a health inspection. My three-year-old was not impressed with the waiter who we had to tell three times to wash his hands but still refused to use soap.
This has got to be the best bang for your buck in the area. Sapphire has a 16.95 lunch buffet on Saturdays that is not to be missed. Whenever I happen to be in the city I try to swing by. They have a large selection that will satisfy the meat lover, (chicken tandoori or lamb cooked to perfection in a delicious sauce) as well as vegetarians. I apologize for not knowing the names but there are least 3 different kinds of vegetable dumplings in addition to salad, beets, tamarind sauce, fried spinach, curry saag, rice etc. It really is a tasty, eclectic selection. Also included in the buffet are 2 types of dessert...if you can find the room! Drinks are not included BUT I would definitely suggest the mango lassi.
Went for dinner last night. The restaurant is pretty , but the food is missing all the delicious Indian spices I've experienced in the past. They do however,  add MSG which  left both of us with a nice little headache and flushed. It is fresh and tastes ok. The service, though attentive, lacked pleasantness or a nice smile. I wouldn't go back, especially because there is a $25 minimum, per person.
Unhealthy and unauthentic, inexpensive Indian food Its run by older men and they act very judgmental towards the guests. They really need to hire a friendly host or hostess
I ordered delivery an hour ago and the experience was so beyond appalling that I had to immediately write a review. I understand if my order is late on a busy Sunday evening but I cannot possibly understand the audacity of a manager that, upon receiving a call from a customer checking in not once, but twice about an order that is over 40 minutes late doesn't apologize once. When I said over 40 minutes late is unacceptable, the manager's response was "Well don't order then." Well. That's easy. Never going to order here again. No concern for customers, and apparently no concern for their business because they treat customers so poorly. Expect this place will be closed within a year.
Great choice for Indian...typically excellent attentive service.  I loved the choices on the menu which included a lot of vegetarian options, seafood, chicken...we over ordered as is want to do inan Indian restaurant but it was ALL delicious.  Could have stayed and chatted for ever but sadly we had to move on.  I would definitely come back.  Prices were reasonable, atmosphere was fun and excellent people watching out the window!
lunch buffetgreat spread of indian foodconstantly replenished.friendly service.best of all, no heartburn!
If I could leave no stars then I would. If you want to be treated well with good customer service then DO NOT EAT HERE! This place is absolutely HORRIBLE. On May 2, 2016, the evening manager on duty and waiters were extremely RUDE and DISRESPECTFUL. I've never been so mistreated as a customer. The waiter blamed US for HIS ERROR. The manager then came out and started arguing with our table, raising his voice at us, and blaming us for his waiter's error in placing the order. How is THIS considered customer service?! This manager should not be engaged with customers at all. He should be in the back of the restaurant with NO contact with customers. His behavior was completely unprofessional. He refused to give us his name, and he refused to give us the owner's contact information. He never even offered to bring us the correct order.
Been here a few times and generally food is good and but service has never been the best. Last night was something I have never experienced before from any hole in the all to high end restaurants.  The manager took our order and we gave him full order but said bring out the apps first and leave a break before dinner comes out.  They proceed to bring the dinner out before our second app and when he comes over he said that this was our fault and said he was doing us a favor by taking the dinner back so we could eat the app.  Such arrogance and disrespect, the manager raised his voice and told us it was our fault.   Will never go here again.  I tried to get the owners name to speak to him/her but they wouldn't give me name of owner and manager refused to give us his name.   Plenty of Indian spots nearby so please don't go here.
Food was good, service fine.My husband had lamb from the tandor a I had chicken korma, both delicious and filling. Just overpriced - the area is probably to blame for that. Wine also overpriced. Good food, good service, good experience, just overpriced for what it was.
I used to really enjoy Sapphire's lunch buffet, but it's not as interesting or as good as it used to be. The appetizers are almost all fried. I think they've eliminated some dishes to save money and to get you to order what used to be my favorite dessert. And I get the feeling that I'm being watched. One manager (owner?) loudly reprimanded me for not waiting on line and going to a selection where no one was. I was never treated so rudely at a restaurant, and I won't return.
Love picking up their lunch boxes, great price and good mix.  Their naans are light and fluffy, and I like how their curries are not overly salted like some other places I have been.  Tastes pretty traditional to me and I can always rely on my Indian staple (chicken tikka, saag paneer, aloo gobi) dishes to be good when I have the craving for Indian food.
A perfect spot to eat before going to Lincoln Center.  Reasonable prices good service beautiful atmosphere.  Food is delicious  well seasoned.
We went to lunch. The waiter managed to insult my wife making remarks regarding the food she left on the plat.
Came here with my husband on Saturday 11/14, around 7:15pm. Restaurant was busy but not slammed. We were seated immediately in a quiet corner, about which we congratulated ourselves. Then we sat, and we sat, and we sat: no one approached us, no one offered us water, drinks, to take our order, nothing... Nothing, nothing, nothing. We got up; we left. We mentioned to the maitre'd that their service was really lacking; he started to berate us. Horrid person, horrid experience.Funnily enough, I have gone there for years, always one of my go-to places when I'm in the Lincoln Center area, which is frequently enough. It is always over-priced, and a little under-spiced, but usually a relatively pleasant experience.  Will never go again.  Poor treatment, really bad attitudes, really awful. Why, I wonder?
Food was ok but service was terrible. The host said they didn't have high chairs in a very rude manner and when we were finishing our meal they started saying they were closing even though it was 40 minutes before their closing time. Will not come back
My favorite Indian restaurant in NY. Always consistent with food quality and service. Outstanding vindaloo sauce and Indian bread selection.
I give this place 3.5 stars.Although we have yet to actually dine at Sapphire, we've picked up takeout and have received delivery several times. The Good:*Chicken Tikka and Masala Halibut are delicious. I am half-Indian and I can say these are pretty spot on with regards to quality and authenticity. My husband loves that the Tikka is all white mean and the Halibut is spicy without being overly so. (Although I do wish the salaan on the Halibut was a lot less oily.)*Food is ready fast and seems very fresh. This translates to amazingly quick delivery and food is always ready when we pick up.The Not-So-Good:*So far we are not impressed with the naan or roti. Nothing special about either of these. Not sure if they are actually cooking these in a tandoor? If so, maybe they just need a bit longer so they aren't so chewy. I am a hardcore naan / roti fan so this is definitely somewhere Sapphire needs to improve.*Prices are high. I understand the location probably contributes to the fact that the Halibut is $21.95 (and yet is unlikely responsibly sourced) but for Indian food this place is definitely on the pricey side.The Bottom Line:We'll continue to order from here but until Sapphire starts making better bread I'm probably going to toast up a few Trader Joe's frozen naans which are 10 X better and cheaper too. And maybe, one of these days, we'll stop being lazy and actually dine in the restaurant!
After a nice day at Central Park we were all craving a little bit of Indian food. This is walking distance from the park so no need to grab a cab. They actually just finished serving lunch and were closed until dinner. Instead they invited us in and allowed us to order from their lunch menu. That was very nice of them to do! The one thing I enjoy about Indian restuarant is their decor. The bold and colorful silk rugs, frames, carpet, wall painting, etc really brings out not only the decor but the food as well. The seats were comfortable, almost throne-like and the table was a vary good size circular shape. More room for LOTS of food!! Spinach Paneer was my favorite. In fact it was everyone's favorite. I saw myself fighting one of my friends for the last spoonful! Chicken tikka marsala was creamy, yogurty, and tangy! Loved the sauced... loved the meat! One of my friends ordered the whole wheat naan and it was my first time trying that one. It is not as airy as the regular naan but the flavor was just as good. I would definitely order this one again! You can't go wrong with some Tandoori chicken. Clay oven baked to perfection. A hint of lemon on the chicken and that's all you need to have a party in your mouth! I was more than full after our meal! Great service, great food, great city!
Love this place. The service is always great. The naan with lamb minced inside is good. I like the lamb dishes, always great. Not huge fan of the salmon dish. The lentils were alright. Ask for your veggies to be well cooked because they usually come out a bit too raw and crunchy. The lunch buffet is the best deal here as dinner gets costly, about $40 a person for a full meal.
The food at the buffet is good but it is WAY overpriced! The waitstaff and the Maitre'D (if that is what he calls himself) are not very nice to be around. Never a smile. Not at all welcoming to customers. I would never go back and never recommend.
This is now one of our favorite Indian restaurants in the city.  We just walked out of the train station and weren't even looking for an Indian place but since they have a full bar (MAJOR plus!) we decided to give it a try, reminding ourselves that it might be "just ok." Boy were we wrong about being "just ok!" We sat at the bar, as we normally like to do, and my husband checked out the buffet, which we normally NEVER do.  He said it looked incredible and I took his advice and he was right.  This buffet was awesome.  There was the typical dishes but some unexpected ones.  But it wasn't the selection of dishes that made it, it was the TASTE of the dishes!  They were equally delicious!!   This place is highly recommended!!
I ordered take out from here and had the chicken tikka masala, naan, and vegetable samosas.  The price tag for lunch was almost $25 which was over priced for the quality.  The chicken tikka masala had very little flavor, like bland tomato soup and the chicken was both white and drank meat with no seasonings.  The naan and samosas were pretty good.  The buffet gets pretty good reviews so next time I might try that to sample more items, but on my first try I was not overly impressed with Sapphire.
Don't be fooled by its name. Sapphire is far from being a gem in New York City. Beneath the upscale decor and pompously dressed staff is a pretentious restaurant serving mediocre food that still charges an offensive amount for what's on your plate. First, a message to the entire staff: please stop giving us creepy stares every five seconds. Was it because we questioned your ridiculous $25 minimum per person policy? Well, take a look around your empty restaurant on a Friday night. I think your establishment should be quite relieved that we decided to just stick with your place instead of walking out and going to Whole Foods next door where they also serve just as mediocre Indian food but without the glares and rude manners. Or perhaps it's not such a worry that customer traffic is so low because overpricing the food absurdly can make up for it? $5 for two pieces of naan...I used to think Starbucks charging people extra for soymilk was stupid, but this is a whole another level of unbelievable. The food wasn't even marginally better than elsewhere in the city. Next time I'll safely avoid this place and pick another Indian restaurant that truly shines.
We couldn't wait to get the hell out of this place!  From the moment we walked in, it was a terribly condescending atmosphere.  Our small party of three couldn't even step inside as their little desk with computer was set up so close to the door as to act like a barrier to keep people out until they give the sign of approval. Ridiculous! No "your welcome"s after any "thank you"s of ours - not one. No eye contact, no smile, nothing. The waiters were condescending and have very poor social skills. Very off putting!!  Disgusting atmosphere.  Customers are annoying peasants to them.
Scrumptious food. Fast, attentive service. Recommended if you're in the Lincoln Center area of NYC.
This is actually the first "high class" Indian restaurant that I have ever dined in.I say high class because I haven't been to an Indian place where the server take the time to spoon the food to my plate. Wow!It is also the first Indian restaurant I have visited where there is a suggested minimum order. I think it is $25 per person suggested minimum order. They also charge you extra for naan bread and rice.I remember ordering the shrimp appetizer and it was juicy and delicious! The main course was also good although I can't remember what exactly I ordered.The wait staff was super friendly. I told him I had an appointment after dinner so he made sure my food came out fast. Kudos to you!I may be back if I am in the area again.
First ordered take out..had lamb chops. The best! Great flavor n tender.Went in for lunch..loved cabbage salad n raw salad..so fresh. Decorative veggies. Great tender lamb. Chicken Tikka a little sweet but delish. Saag n okra excellent. Deserts were not overly sweet. Just right.
This place was delicious! I've been craving indian food for a really long time so I was so pumped when my Professor said that for our lunch group we were going to go to an Indian lunch buffet. I literally couldn't contain myself. It was a pretty embarrassing scene.Anyway, there was a ton of variety on the buffet table and the table itself is all dolled up with gold serving bowls/trays. It felt like I was eating at a palace. Everything looked and tasted delicious. They brought baskets of naan to the table and refilled it multiple times. Here's the one downside: The waiters were, dare I say, too attentive. Like, seriously. They didn't leave us alone. Every five seconds they were refilling our water glasses and asking to take our plates. It got really weird when they were hovering behind us waiting for someone to take a mere sip of their water in order to quickly provide a refill to the glass. People kept knocking into them as they were trying to lean over to eat their food. It got weird.I'm not exactly sure on price since this lunch was paid for by the Law School, but I got a quick glance at the check and I'm pretty sure it totals to about $15ish a person. That's pretty expensive to me. I'm used to Indian lunch buffets ranging from $8-$10 a person, but I guess this is New York, so, what else am I to expect?
The lunch buffet is definitely worth it. I mean, who doesn't love a buffet? My boyfriend and I got there pretty late (they shut down in between lunch and dinner) but the staff was really accommodating. The naan was delicious and they even brought more out for us when they had taken away most of the food. I tried to go with small portions of most of the items they had. I didn't love the tandoori chicken and the salad bar was kinda iffy (maybe because we got there late?) but everything else was pretty darn good. The manager was very helpful, at times maybe too helpful (sometimes you want to get your food in peace and eat in peace). But he made sure we knew where to get dessert and he made sure everything was good with our dining experience. I definitely want to go back for lunch, I'll probably pass on the dinner.
It's so disappointing to go to an Indian restaurant that looks so lovely from the outside but with terrible service. I went with two other friends as a good bye dinner to enjoy good Indian food because that's our thing. It started with us being placed all the way in the back and then getting rushed to order our food. (side note: rice is not included with any of the dishes which is not the norm in any Indian restaurant I've gone to.) Once the food arrived we were instantly surrounded by 5-6 men which was uncomfortable for the women at the table. We counldn't even enjoy the food without constant hoovering from the 5-6 male waiters. The naan was good but the paneer was dried out and tasked like it had been out all day. I'll never go back and I'll tell people that Little India ihas better quality food and staff.
My boyfriend and I were craving Indian food and decided to try Sapphire. We loved it here!!  A truly fantastic dining experience.  OMG we were blown away by the party of flavors in every dish!  I had the most lean, flavorful lamb chunks in this cooked spinach sauce that was so delicious!  Not oily at all, as Indian food often can be, and it was jam packed with amazing balanced flavors.  My boyfriend ate every bite of his - he normally is a light eater, but he enjoyed his dish SO much, that he couldn't stop eating it!  He had a chicken dish in this creamy sauce that also tasted like a party!  I couldn't place the flavors - very complex, slightly sweet, magical!  We can't wait to go back for our next special night out.  Lovely service too.
Atmosphere - Calm with great mix of people.Food quality - OutstandingFood price - Normal Indian food pricesService - Impeccable. Funny and incredibly helpful.
I can't say I'm a fan of the Indian cousin but this place surprised me big time. The food and the service is just amazing!
Really delicious Indian food, even if it is quite pricey with small portions. Came here for a birthday dinner celebration with 16 friends. Love eating Indian food in large groups as it allows me to sample more dishes! Classier establishment, not too crowded, and they accommodate large reservations. The lamb biriyani was particularly tasty! $45/person for dinner - lunch is probably much better value.
Actually i would say 3.5 stars. Sapphire s a little indian restaurant in the central park area. I happened to go there with a couple of friends for a quiet evening. The place was nice and had a nice view of the street.The main course and desserts were really good. We had the vegetarian biryani and chicken biryani. The desserts were gulab jamun, malai kulfi and mango lassi. This was certainly the best mango lassi I ever had. The reason I give it less stars is due to the service and quality of appetizers. The appetizers were bland and tasteful unlike indian food and took a whole lot of time to come. The service was painful, we sat in a corner and it was a big deal to call a stewart for every little thing we wanted. The general accompaniments were not served on its own but after asking.In all a pleasant experience but you might have to wait long until you get you food.
Went here for dinner before the opera.  Made reservations through open table.  The staff was hurried and the meal was very expensive.  Items are a la carte and you pay $20 for just the curry dish.  The chicken tikka masala was sweeter than I usually like, but tasty.  The samosas and mango lassi were very good as well.  I just can't justify spending the $80 for two people, though.  Way too overpriced for dinner.
I have passed by this restaurant many times, but I assumed that it was one of those sub-par, fast food, Indian restaurants that only cater to the "lunch hour" crowd. I did read the Yelp reviews, but I was skeptical of their authenticity. I finally gave in because I needed a quality, not terribly expensive restaurant that was within walking distance of the Metropolitan Opera House.  I am happy to report that the food was delicious, well-prepared and plated beautifully. Also, the decor was very tastefully done--chic, warm and inviting. We didn't have to wait long for our meals or drinks. There is a bar if you are interested in having drinks before your date or party arrives. However,  I was a little miffed in the beginning when they sat me way in the back of the restaurant next to kitchen and I was the only person sitting on one half side of the restaurant. We didn't like the location of the table that was given to us, so we requested to be move to another table. Unfortunately, we requested to be moved a second time, because a large party next to us had become loud and rambunctious. The  maitre 'd complied both times without a hassle. In spite of the table issue, overall it was a positive dining experience. I would definitely go back again.
SUCH GREAT INDIAN FOOD. Probably my favorite spot to get Indian food in the city. Wow. Came here with a large group for dinner, and we all left very satisfied. I didn't order the food, so I don't know the exact names of the dishes we ate, but the lamb, chicken, and salmon dishes were delicious. I've never had more tender lamb and chicken in my life. The spices had really marinated well into the meat. Also, the salmon tasted like the way my mom makes it, and was crispier on the outside, which I loved. The naan is also addictingly good. And the samosas. And the vegetable curries. Wow. Everything was so delectable. Finally, I could not get enough of the Ras Malai dessert dish. Ras Malai is this Indian cottage cheese dessert and it was perfect. So light and fluffy in texture. My favorite part was the sweet broth that came with it. Flavored amazingly. Not too sweet, but just sweet (and cinnamony) enough. So, so, so good. Plus, the service was excellent - food came out quickly and they were so nice to us. As for the interior - it was beautiful. I'm a sucker for places that are decorated nicely, and this place was so nice. The sky on the ceiling was my favorite.
Used to be a favorite for special occasions.  Now everything is overpriced and often poorly prepared.  A small bowl of rice with a few peas is $6.  The idea of having to pay extra even for plain rice is abhorrent.  There is no real attempt to welcome a diner, say with some papadum or a dip.  A chicken dish with ginger was positively dry and overcooked.  So too Shrimp with Mango sauce (the giant shrimp required a great effort with a knife to cut into).  Lamb Saag was equally overcooked and dry saved only by a rather good saag.  It makes me sad to lose this place but I will not return.
After seeing "The Lunchbox" at the Lincoln Square cinema, we were in the mood for Indian food. I saw Sapphire on my way to the theatre so I beelined my way there directly afterwards. The dinner prices on the outside menu seemed a bit pricey, but I suppose for the area it made sense.THE GOOD:The Chatpata poori was insanely good. Bursting with flavor, tamarind sauce, chick peas it was delicious.Chicken vindaloo was tasty, spicy and really good (a bit too much oil for my liking but still good). Lamb vindaloo was equally tasty.THE NOT SO GOOD:Everything was a la carte so $20 for chicken vindaloo $3 for raita $5 for nan $5 bucks for rice and no salad in any of this. So $33 for an almost proper Indian plate? The portion of vindaloo was definitely enough to share but there was a $25 minimum per person for the dining room so we ordered a second entree. Apparently it's too much work to make doggy bags so the waiter, maitre'd and busboy(?) kept asking if we were done or if we were still working on it. We tried the subtle approach and just stared at the half full plates of food like what do we do with all this food? No one offered hey, if you're done we can bag this up for you, they were just like ARE YOU DONE? Finally on my way to the restroom I grabbed someone and said "Excuse me, would you mind packing up the rest of our dishes to go?"The decor was a little strange,  a sky and cloud ceilings, dining room was sort of bare, cracks and exposed plaster in a few areas. All in all the experience was just OK. Too overpriced and ---dare i say DULL to return anytime soon.
Sapphire is not at all trendy, but it serves up reliably good food that is comforting and convenient before or after a show.  Meat and vegetable dishes are all fragrant and delicious (try the Jardaloo Ma Gosht and the Baghare Baingan) but if you want them spicy hot you'll have to ask.  Staff are friendly but service can get slow at times.  It's a good spot for good food at a reasonable price.
My husband and I have frequently visited the Saphire Restaurant. The atmosphere is romantic and the service is impeccable. We often order the lamb chops which are cooked to perfection, juicy with just the right amount of spice.
Sapphire Indian Restaurant is in quite an arbitrary random area of Upper West Side right next to Columbus Circle. Restaurant seems very new, and a recently welcomed addition to a neighborhood. Ambiance is quite unique, yet looks very formal, so I am ambivalent if I prefer another type of scene for an Indian restaurant. However, simultaneously Sapphire does look very professional in a very wealthy neighborhood. Sapphire offers authentic Indian cuisine, including classics like Biryani, Vegetable Samosas, Saag Aloo Gobi Matar Paneer, and then some other items rarely found in other Indian restaurants, more than enough variety to people. Vegetable Biryani is especially an invigorating blend of extremely spicy, herbal, tasty, and flavorful simultaneously. Restaurant is spacious and tons of fancy seating.
The food at this restaurant is fine, nothing particularly good or bad, however the manner in which they treat their customers is both mercenary and recently, I believe racist.  I am a 60 year old caucasion man and was at the restaurant with a 55 year old african woman.  After we had completed our meal i joined her on the other side of the table sitting next to one another on the banquet.   We were not acting inappropriately, simply two middle aged adults enjoying our meal when the manager came over and told us we could not sit next to one another.  We were not infringing on anyone's space.  I have done this at some of the finest restaurants around the world and never had anyone comment.  I asked the manager what possible reason he could have for asking us to seperate.  . He simply stated it is not allowed.  I have never been in a situation where i thought the racial makeup of a couple was a factor in a business's actions  at least not so overtly and not in the last 50 years but in this particular instance i believe the manager found a mixed race couple sitting next to one another offensive.         This is the second instance where i found the staff less than gracious.  This past summer i was here with friends when the restaurant experienced a power outage. Instead of closing they quickly served the food to guests in the dark and then rushed them out charging everyone full price notwithstanding the fact that many people had not finished their meals.  When people protested, the staff simply shrugged their shoulders and pointed to the door.  Not a place i will visit again or recommend.
I went to Shappire for lunch and I thought they had a good buffet. Their selection is good but I give it 2 stars because of their customer service at dinner time. The servers are stand-offish and don't really care to help with questions we had. I would simply describe them as rude and bored.It was a very disappointing experience.
I ordered lunch online.  The Sapphire website has a link to order deliveries online.  I registered, placed my order and 1 hour later called to see where my order was.  The person who picked up the phone said, "I don't have your order and you can't order through the website."  I told him that there was in fact a link on the website to place orders.  His response, "Oh yeah, but it doesn't work."  Too bad we won't ever go there again because I really liked the in-house dining.  Businesses need to get their act together if they want to cater to the online community.
Exquisite food, extremely pleasant environment.  The lamb with the chutney...I didn't want it to end.  Delicious naan.  Don't miss the almond dessert!!
Enjoyed dining here on the Fourth of July. Steps from Columbus Circle, this place is tucked away behind a non-descript storefront. Once inside, you're in a cozy restaurant with three distinct seating areas separated by an ornate pathway that is used mostly by waitstaff. I suspect there is some meaning to the decor here, but to my eye, it's a bit disjointed. But since you don't eat atmosphere, let's discuss the food. Entrees are reasonably priced in the low to mid 20s. Portion sizes are average. The mango shrimp is outstanding (only 4 shrimp, though) and chicken tikka masala also excellent. Minor quibbles are that rice costs extra ($5!) and the $12 glass of wine should have cost half that. Overall 3.5 stars, with an extra half star for welcoming, professional service.
We tried this place out after catching a ballet at Lincoln Center.Indian food shouldn't be so expensive, but I'm sure it just comes with the territory.... maybe. I mean, the waiters were wearing tuxedos. Clearly that warrants palak paneer for $18.I've read reviews that the lunch buffet is really good but we went for dinner so it was really just okay.Samosas as an appetizer-- standard. The serving plates were really cute!Goat curry (entrée 1)-- delicious sauce. A couple pieces of bone with no meat on it. More pieces of bone with no meat on it than meat. Palak paneer (entrée 2)-- standard. Really nothing to write home about, traditionally spiced.Garlic naan-- probably the BEST thing I put into my mouth in this restaurant. They use fresh garlic and the naan was nice, crisp, with an inoffensive/agreeable amount of ghee.Bhasmati rice-- cute serving dish. Their rice has peas in it. I dig that.The waiters were very kind and attentive.
Food was excellent. Vegetarian friendly. The service was fantastic. Probably the quickest service I've ever had.
The best indian food I have ever tasted but the staff was not friendly at all. We were first greeted by an older gentelman at the door who seemed angry. The server took care of the meal and did all the proper things like refilling our glasses and picking up table but a nice attitude and a smile can go a long way. When we first came and and encountered this attitude by several of the staff members we thought about leaving, but then we decided to try the food anyways and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. Great food but staff needs to make customers feel welcome, also how come there are no female staff members? There should be a pretty girl with a smile at the door instead of the mean old man.
Had a friend's birthday dinner there last night. The food was some of the best Indian I've ever had. Service was amazing as well. I will go back again as soon as I can. You know when you eat too much Indian food and your stomach wants to die? Well, their food is light and healthy but full of deliciousness. I ate like it was my last meal on Earth and still felt great. Probably my new favorite place in the city!!!!
Nice place to get a descent Indian meal but not the best place in town They have great service and a good verity of food My favorite dish is the starter lamb chops Bread is great They have a proper Rita not liquidly like most places
I don't know why there aren't more 5 stars. The food is really fantastic, and I'm a bit of an Indian food snob. The buffet is as good as can be; great selection. They don't skimp. Only negative is its near my office and I think I've gained some weight. Oh well, life is short.
Did a take out .The staff were very rude on the phone .They hung up on us as we were trying to get a confirmation on the order .Called back and got someone else just as rude .Did not get it ,why do they have to be so rude.The food was hot and tasty when we got it .I am ordering Indian tonight but not from them .Even though they are just by my hotel .
Pros: (+) Friendly Staff(+) FREE Delivery(+) Delicious curry(+) VEGETARIAN friendly options(+) Lunch BuffetCons: (-) Closes early at 10:30pm (Mon-Thur & Sun)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I love this place. This was highly recommended by one of my friends. If it's your first time at this place or first to even try Indian Food...the waiters are very friendly in offering suggestions. I've been here several times. I've dined in, ordered delivery and ordered for take out. The one time I ordered for delivery....a handsome delivery man showed up in a suit and a bow tie well dressed. I was impressed! =)As for spiciness...keep in mind that there is different levels of spiciness. There is the American style spicy and Indian style spicy. I'm speaking from experience here. One time, I came here with one of my friends that that was raving how she LOVES spicy food and can withstand any level for that matter. (You know where I'm going with this, don't you?)So we ordered food to go. We both ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala which is delicious by the way. I had mine at mild/med spicy which was perfect for me. I want to enjoy my food while eating it. My friend on the other hand...wanted hers HOT! Her order went something like this...My friend to the waiter: "Make my Chicken Tikka Masala HOT!"Waiter: "Are you sure? Our style of hot is VERY HOT."My friend: "Yes I can handle. I want it hot."Waiter: "Maybe you should get medium instead, because hot might be too hot for you."My friend: "NO! Trust me, I eat spicy food all the time. I can handle it."Fast forward 30 minutes later...Her face is red. She's sweating. She has to put her hair up in a pony tail from being so hot.She's trying to act cool about the spiciness like it doesn't bother her at all. She's chugging glasses of water. Then starts chugging glasses of milk. Me: "Wow you're sweating a lot!"Her: "No, i'm good...i'm good." (while bullets of sweat roll down her face and continues chugging down water). It got to the point that she transitioned from drinking water to chugs of milk. Point of the story is. Take their suggestions. The End.
Excellent Indian food! We had the buffet, which is a little expensive, but the decor is nicer than most of the walk-in restaurants in the area (Columbus circle). Excellent saag, naan, and pakora. The dahl was the only choice that was even remotely spicy. If you order off the menu, ask for spicy.
Maybe when you order food rather than picking at the buffet, the food is better? The buffet was nothing to write home about. Average Indian fare. Nothing special.
Wow!  Amazing food. The lunch buffet is fantastic!  I've worked in this neighborhood for a couple of years and cannot believe that I've never come here before.  Great options for gluten free and vegetarians.
Excellent lunch buffet. Went to Sapphire with one of my Indian friends who is a vegetarian. Following his guidance, I also stuck to vegetarian dishes and did not regret. One point deduction for not being spicy enough (but probably needed to for the clientele).What I had: Bhindi masala (okra ***** yummy), onion bahjiya, dal sapphire (nicely light and little spicy), dum aloo and a few I am not sure what it was but still very good.Basmati rice and naan were very, very good too.
Such shockingly bad service at Sapphire, it's almost like a Marx Brothers movie.  We put up with the grouchy maitre de and waiters for a few years because the food was pretty good and the decor relaxing.  Well, except for the giant, shiny hookah-smoking statue that greets you at the front door.  But as time has gone by, the mood of the staff has deteriorated and so have their manners.  One night, two waiters began sweeping the floor around the table where we were eating.  A wet, messy cleanup at that.  Last time we went, or ever will go again,  the three of us ordered 7 expensive appetizers.  As we were drinking our $14-a-glass wine, the waiter returned to our table to tell us we had to leave or eat at the bar because our order didn't fulfill the $25-a-person minimum.  We told him our bill was already around $90.  He kept shaking his head and waving towards the bar.  The maitre de was equally intransigent, unsmiling and ugly.  It was 10 pm and only 3 tables were occupied.  Deeply unhappy, troubled people..
Went here for my first meal in NYC. No one else was there, so it was quiet and service was fast. The malai kaftan was so good I wanted to drink it straight from the bowl. Would return. Price very good for the area.
The best Indian food I have had in Manhattan. Also the most expensive, and rice and naan are extra. The delicious food was worth every penny. Kind of a fancy atmosphere, clean and quiet. Lamb vindaloo and chicken mahkani were absolutely perfect.
Fairly limited options on good Indian buffets in HK and Sapphire is worth the walk. The all you can eat at ~15 is justifiable considering the choice of dishes and quality of preparation.  Service was attentive and almost too attentive at times.
HORRIBLE AND RUDE STAFF! Food was below average.. Oily and stale to taste.. And staff knows no customer service.. Best place to go if you want to ruin your mood!
Just order to go for lunch- food was great, nice atmosphere inside and decently priced. I would recommend
Food was pretty great. Not Phenomenal, but good/great.3 stars is for service. Which wasn't horrendous, just OKAY.As a group of four, we decided to have Indian before venturing to Lincoln Center and got to the restaurant at 5:45. As I stare blankly ahead at the empty dining hall I ask the Maitre'D, table for 4, please?Do you have a reservation? No sir. ::insert quizzical look:: BUT Oh dear, seating...?Are you for real, the place is empty....Would you mind the bar?FOR dinner?! For 4 People? No, we will not sit at the bar,for 5 minutes, while we get you a table... Ok? Sure bro, we'll sit at the bar.Now we've made our order, gotten a bottle of wine. And apparently I come off like the "host" so they're offering me the sample of wine. WAIT WAIT WHAT? I didn't order the wine, and if you're going to pick someone randomly at the table shouldn't it be the only gentlemen?Ok, our appetite is building and the Malbec is sizzling. Now wait, where's our naan? isn't it an appy? no no, it scurries along with the main dishes and they clear our plates as fast as possible. Ok i'ts 6:36 and we're twiddling our thumbs because we ate so damn quick. How are we going to kill time until the 8pm show? Perfect. Let's ask for the desert menu, that will give us at least 10 minutes & no one has to order.... 15 minutes later we decide to order ice cream and chai. Great, we're in the clear. We will make it on time to the show and not be overly early. 7:20 rolls around, ok, let's work on making eye contact. Can someone come over now? After all the pushy shovey, get you out of here quick, NOW you take your time?!Ok we were kind of dicks and didn't split the bill evenly (don't blame me!), but they couldn't figure it out. They said we're over 51 cents for the total bill & they need to put the correct amount on each card. REALLY? Can't you just shave 51 cents off someone's charge without telling us? Also, you're going to charge me for rice at a fancy Indian place? it's not the price, it's decency behind the principle...Now we are rushing to Lincoln Center.... Thankfully we made it.VIVA la BALLET
Wow. This place got reviews above 2.5 stars? I can't begin to think how everyone has been shafted. First, let's start off with the service. Creepy. They look at you like you're a cash cow and if you aren't- they pay you very little attention. Second, the dishes don't come with rice or sides? WOW. Total RIP-OFF. Third, the food just isn't that good. If anything, I think the rice was very old. VERY old. Let's go with, definitely VERY Old. So old that it was disgusting.Fourth, the place just smelled horrendous. You want an Indian dinner, not to smell like it. I'm sorry- but EVERY other place I've went to has no overpowering stench. Disgusting.So here's the backdrop of why I even bothered to come here. It was to celebrate a 1 year annivesary with my girlfriend. I recommended Agra on the East side. We decided to give this place a try because they were on the street for Winter's Eve celebrations. The chicken tikka masala was great. That's because it was fresh. What they didn't tell us is that they serve old-ass food in the restaurant. So we came in, ordered a chicken tikka masala. "That's all?" the waiter asked. Um, "What do you mean?" I responded."You don't want rice, bread?" he asked."It doesn't come with it? As part of the meal?" I replied astonished at the beginning of getting nickel and dimed. "No." - He said with a smirk, knowing I didn't want to spend too much. -2 stars for this.We ordered the crab cake appetizer. The crab cake itself was good, but the sauce you can tell was stale! STALE rice! that's what I'm about to eat.... YUCK.The chicken tikka masala was a decent portion. I will credit this place for their naan bread. It was good but then again- anything lathered in butter is good. The meal did NOT justify the price at all. Ended up being $60+ for two drinks, one appetizer and one "meal" if you will. Complete waste of money. Disgusting food. It definitely isn't fresh. Ok service but they knew I was disappointed with the add-on option.The restaurant is SO big. The location I guess is why the price is so high but again, disgusting food, bad experience. Do yourself a favor and go to other restaurants like Agra, or downtown to these: businessinsider.com/best….AVOID this shithole of an excuse for Indian food.
For the food alone I would give four stars but the obtrusive, hovering service at the buffet lunch brings it down to three, even 2 1/2. The restaurant was far from full at lunch and yet the waiters and hosts constantly approach the table,"are you finished? Are you getting more food? Can I take your plate?"  It is so annoying and offensive. The food is delicious but it is really impossible to enjoy while being watched and pressured. The management really needs to back off or stop serving a buffet if you're so worried about people overeating. By the way, this is not an inexpensive buffet, at $17 patrons should be enjoying the food and the ambience.
The lunch buffet is a great value. A large selection of meats, veggies and all the naan bread you can manage. There is even dessert after wards. Make sure you read the description for each dish. That spice comes out on nowhere and can take you down! There is a mix of spicy and non-spicy dishes. You are sure to find something here for your taste buds. Service isn't great, so be prepared to wave down your server. Don't be surprised if you are feeling rushed, they really do want you out. It kinda feels like they are clocking you. Despite the lack of service, the lunch buffet is a tasty treat. .
Sapphire doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is an absolutely charming, pleasant, upscale atmosphere. Everything was very tasteful. I'm not a fan of Indian food and so was expecting to be eating a lot of naan and samosas, but actually found the lunch buffet at Sapphire to be an enjoyable experience. They have a LOT of variety, including raw and cooked veggie salads for the less adventurous as myself. As we were there they constantly swapped out empty trays, making me think that everything is pretty fresh during their huge lunch time rush. All in all a great meal!
My work took me and our crew out to dinner here one night. The food was great, good ambiance, but kinda steep prices. I felt bad ordering a nearly $20 vegetarian item, but it was the cheapest thing they had other than the appetizers, which were about half the price.Either way it was good, and if you want quality Indian food, then I recommend coming here.
Based on my one and only delivery experience, I'd actually put it somewhere between 1 and 2 stars. Maybe certain items don't travel so well, and whoever's in charge of keeping their online menu updated called in sick. I was having a major craving for Indian food but didn't want to go out. I used delivery.com for something fast and close-by and hopefully not too much of a disappointment from a place I wasn't familiar with. Wrong!I ordered palak paneer, the shrimp balchao appetizer, garlic naan, vegetable biryani, and onion relish. But I didn't get the biryani, as advised by the delivery guy, because they don't offer it anymore (although it's still on the menu and clickable). So not cool.Disappointment #2 would be the garlic naan, though I wonder if the reason is being wrapped in foil and having to travel a few blocks in 25 degree weather might cause it to become doughy and chewy and eventually just inedible? Blech. And then the texture and taste of the shrimp were totally odd (kept getting visuals they were fished from the Hudson - eww), and the "spicy" sauce they were sauteed in just sort of fell flat. In fact overall, even in something as standard as palak paneer, all of the spices/seasonings that are so typically rich and pungent in Indian food were quite weak and flat. Good thing I ordered the side of onion relish to use in addition to the mint sauce to spruce things up a bit - mainly for what I ate of the paneer, rice, and naan (I only ate one icky Hudson shrimp). I think it goes without saying I've had much better from all around the city. Delivery time, however was pretty fast!
Highly recommend the lunch buffet. The entrees (they have lamb!) are all delicious and the cold dishes are alright too. Will be back.
We come here pretty often! The food is really good, I highly recommend the cauliflower appetizer. Otherwise, we are a little boring, getting samosas and chicken tikka masala. For the most part everyone here is incredibly pleasant and very warm and welcoming.
Overall, I have had better Indian buffet for quite less.  The lunch buffet price is 16.95 and that is the highest I have ever paid for an Indian buffet lunch.  I guess it comes with dining in Manhattan.  The items they had were tasty but not warm.  The nan is made to order but it arrives lukewarm as well. Within seconds it is cold. Some of the best buffets I have been to provide masala chai.  This was missing too, and I'm paying more than I am accustomed to.  I also didn't like that they take away the buffet items promptly at its ending time.  It would be nice if they kept the buffet spread available until the last of their customers leave. That's what the best buffets I have been to do.  Service was okay.  There were no smiles on any faces, but my water glass was never empty and always refilled, which I appreciate because I tend to drink a lot of water with my meals.  Used plates were taken away promptly.  Overall i probably would not come out of my way to return here as I know better buffet spots that won't put as much of a ding in my wallet.
I've been here three times. This last time, a week ago, I went for the lunch buffet. The result? Explosive, debilitating food poisoning. There went my weekend! Urg.
You pay for the scenery, and the fact that you can walk in without a reservation an hour before a show at Lincoln Center without a reservation. The minimums required per diner were annoying -- I was hoping to split an entree and a naan and then grab a waffle at the cart before the show for dessert, but instead, we had to cobble together a lot more food to meet their price requirements. That said, the food itself was quite good -- lamb, naan, rice, some vegetarian spicy thing that the boy ordered that I have since forgotten -- and we were in and out in plenty of time for the show. We would've had enough leftovers for another meal, which would've made it more worth the price, had we not forgotten our bag of leftovers under a seat at the opera. I hope someone took it home and ate it. It was definitely worth eating.
One of finest Indian restaurant in NewYork CityLove food, ambience and service is great Would definitely recommend
Another Indian food close to school. I'm really a curry fan, so I like this place. CURRY CURRY CURRY.And u can try the buffet for lunch special~
3 1/2 *s actually.It has 4* food at a 2* price (ie high); this is definitely at least a 3$ price, not 2$ as listed.The famous lamb chops, served on the bone wrapped in foil, are like butter but have a consistency that may throw people off. The taste of them was a mix between good Indian spices overpowered by the tangy taste of yogurt.The vindaloo was the best dish I had. The chicken tika masala was very sweet. The dal and bhindi was very good.They appeared to have a loyal following being greeted and exiting the restaurant.You can definitely find at least as good a meal at 1/2 the price at most places on lower lex ave (in the 20s).Not a bad place at all; especially given the restaurant selection in that higher end neighborhood. I'd go back there in a pinch.
The food is really good, especially the lunch buffet. But why is it necessary for the maitre'd to be rude? I have been coming here for years and the new guy they have at lunch is so rude that I may never return. It was that unpleasant.
For as long as I've been living in NY (18 years), I've been looking for an Indian restaurant in Manhattan that I love. I've tried so many restaurants that I don't remember the names of most of them, and I still can't find one that I really, really like. There are many that I can recommend in Queens. But I still haven't found one in Manhattan that I truly enjoy. Every restaurant seems to be very bland.Sapphire came pretty close to what I'm looking for. I tried the lunch buffet here and it was definitely better than most other Manhattan Indian restaurants. I'm not a big fan of naan, but I decided to give their's a shot, and was happy to do so. Very oily, but very good! The Chicken Tikka Masala was quite good! And I definitely recommend their Chatapata Poori.The service was excellent and the place was very nice. Definitely a place where you can take your coworkers or a date.I'd definitely go back, but for now it looks like my search still goes on...
Had the chicken tandoori here which was really tender, juicy, and flavorful. Rice was nice and fluffy and chicken masala went really well over the rice, infused with Indian spice. Restaurant was very elegant and had a nice vibe to it. Really enjoyed my dining experience here. And the service was the best part. Everyone was really courteous, joked around with us, and treated restaurant patrons as welcomed guests. Atmosphere looked formal but was very relaxing and food was satisfying. Would highly recommend to friends.
I would give Sapphire a 5 if I hadn't been to only 3 other Indian restaurants in my lifetime to compare it to. Though, of the other 3, THIS ranks as my favorite and the BEST I've ever had.This review is based on their LUNCH BUFFET only. It's a total package - gorgeous tapestry and overall ambiance gives you an authentic Indian "experience" to accompany your meal; the spread includes appetizer, main courses, rice, salad, salad, toppings, and two special desserts - EACH accompanied by a small card with the name of the dish and what it's ingredients are; as a vegetarian, the options are simply endless and so perfectly prepared. The food is always fresh. You can be mid-scoop and there will be kitchen staff waiting next to you to refill it when you finish; each table is attended by speedy waitstaff that don't do much idle chatter.. I don't take that as being rude or antisocial, it's just usually busy there and they're trying to serve you quickly and efficiently. You get unlimited baskets of naan bread... warm, crispy, and delicious; while you dine, there is traditional Indian folk music on medium-low...... ALL of this together is capable of putting you in a trance.I worked in Lincoln Center and my Bangladeshi boss and I came here often as a special treat or for a special occasion. The dress code is casual and semi-upscale, so you may feel like you slightly stand-out if you come in from outside wearing a t-shirt, ripped shorts, and flip flops. The food is incredible, the food is amazing, and the food is delicious. Did I mention how great the food is??Pricing - a little steep. BUT, for all that I mentioned above it's totally worth it. I wouldn't, and physically COULDN'T, come here everyday because it is a little pricey and I'd probably gain 42 lbs each visit from all the food I'd be wanting to stuff in my face. But if you're in town for the theater, the opera, or taking a client out - stop by Sapphire. And come with PLENTY of time to spare... you'll be looking for a cot to nap off all the rich food you just ate.I would definitely recommend Sapphire for a special occasion, client lunch, a lovely date for two, or a quiet place to have lunch on your own. Is it the best in New York? Maybe not, but I certainly don't know. It's pretty damn good though. And to all those posters complaining about the price for value being too high: If you're looking for cheap, loud, take out food, go to McDonald's.**
Honestly, I expected better for an upscale indian restaurant. The scenery was great, fancy lights, tables, chairs, you know, whatever pleased your eyes. But the service was something that made this man not so happy - the food took a while to come, the refills (aren't free for sodas) and if you're having water, believe me you'll have to flag a waiter down to get a refill.It's a bit fancy so people are dressed in ties and what not but the food doesn't match with elegance. I've had much better indian food at places that look like they've survived hurricane storms and other natural disasters. You're pretty much ponying up ~$10 extra dollars for mediocre biryani. Sure this is a great place for couples to have a date and a large group of friends to go, but if you're looking for good food - you can do better. Trust me.
I decided to have lunch here...turns out they offer buffet for lunch! Food is delicious, I had a good time when I ate here.
We went here for the Lunch buffet, and it was ok. The food needed more bold flavors. I love Indian Food and I feel like it lacked spices. I probably wouldn't come here again.
hmm i dont know how to say it. I tried the lamb , curry, spanich and nam, etc. Like other Indian restaurant their food are good, at least for chinese ppl.  dont know their price , our boss buy us dinner.
Absolutely WORST experience. Ordered take out - dal makhani and palak paneer and some naans. The man on the phone was extremely slow in taking the order, got the telephone no. wrong at least 3 times etc. Food took 50 mins to deliver - food was cold and VERY BLAND even though we asked for more spicy food. Worst Indian food I've had in NYC and I would know what's good since I am Indian. Delivery guy was extremely rude, gave us the bag of food then walked off without a word. Got a phone call 10 mins later asking why we hadn't signed for the food or given tip and hung up in the middle of the conversation. Talked to the manager to complain - he was aggressive and defensive in response not willing to give a genuine apology. NEVER EAT FROM HERE. Don't waste your time honestly.
Sapphire is hands down my favorite Indian restaurant in New York City.  The quality of the food is probably the biggest selling point (vs. other Indian restaurants I've tried in NYC) and the ambiance is really something special.  It's a great for dinner before a show in Lincoln Center or generally when I'm in the Columbus Circle area.  Take-out is great too, but nothing beats sitting and enjoying a delicious Indian meal there.  Highly recommended.
Insipid tasteless food. In last week been to 3 Manhattan Indian restaurants: Tamarind (fabulous), Swagat (great) and this (bad). Ordered Resiling wine they tried to  pass a glass of Charadony as Resiling. Indifferent service.  Kadhai paneer was stale, onions tasted like leftovers from a week before. Might work for clueless dinners who have never tasted good indian food.
Dined with friends to celebrate my wife's birthday. All of us are big time lovers of Indian cuisine and Sapphire did not disappoint. The atmosphere was perfect for the Upper West Side/Columbus Circle. Very clean decor with just enough antique Indian fixtures to let you know you aren't in Kansas. The staff was dressed in tuxedos, but were not at all stuffy. The staff were welcoming and extremely attentive. Our waiter recommended the Vindaloo, so we ordered that and some Ginger Chicken. For starters we had two orders of Samosas. Everything was amazing... Best ever... And we eat a lot of Indian food. In fact, I've eaten Indian food all over the world and Sapphire topped them all.  I strongly recommend Sapphire to any and all foodies.
This review is based on DELIVERY only.This is my family's favorite place to order Indian. The food is good and the portions are big. Maybe not the best Indian in NYC, but consistently good.I usually get a dish with paneer (indian cheese) as I am a vegetarian, but the rest of my family enjoys the meat dishes.
I can't say anything about the food on the menu OTHER than the Chicken Vindaloo which IMO is the best I've had in the city.  Pricey though. Also, a lovely ambiance in the restaurant with EXCELLENT service. I could eat the Vindaloo nightly.
Stopped in for the lunch buffet.Pretty good as far as buffets go.  I tend to like my Indian food a lot spicier than the way they serve it at Sapphire.  I arrived as the restaurant opened so the food was reasonably fresh.  It was the standard fare and it all tasted just fine.Service was fine as well.This buffet is a bit expensive in my opinion.  You're paying for the location.There is better Indian food in NY - just maybe not in this area.
The worst indian food and terrible customer service. We ordered the vegetable biryani and gobi manchurian. The biryani was a watery mix of rice with chunks of vegetables. The gobi manchurian was raw cauliflower dipped in ketchup. How can a supposedly well established indian restaurant go so wrong with these simple dishes!!!Worst of all I had to pay for it. I wish I could give a 0 star rating.
This place doesn't get a lot of love and I don't know why. Sure it's filled with people that look like your parents but I rarely go to a place for the atmosphere. I come for the food. Most of the complaints seem to be about the buffet. Unless there's pancakes, bacon, fried chicken, or ribs rarely would I ever eat at a buffet. Someone that eats at an Indian buffet either needs to get their head examined or they don't know much about Indian food. In other words, take their reviews and throw them out because this is one of the finest indian places in the city.First off, as soon as you walk in they treat you like royalty. I find that to be true with most Indian places. Sure, you might pay a little more here but it's worth it. The food here is great. I usually go for the chicken tikka masala or the chicken makhani and I'm never disappointed. You can also ask them to make whatever dish you want a little more spicy but be careful--they will make it spicy! Be sure to order a mango lassi if you need to quell the heat. Very tasty. The vegetable samosas are great and the different types of nans are especially good and fluffy.This is a great restaurant to hit up if you are going to be in the Columbus Circle area or have something going on at Lincoln Center. They take reservations but I have never had any trouble getting a table by walk-in. It's a decent space inside and you will never feel cramped sitting at their tables. It's also relatively quiet so you won't have to worry about shouting across the table. Feel free to turn the hearing aid to a low setting.
Only tried the chicken tikki masala and it tasted like vodka sauce with a dash of curry and giant chicken pieces
A little on the pricey side for dinner but lunch is awesome And buffet style. Under $20 bucks for lunch with a large option for appetizers to soup And others options. Enjoy
I love food from the Indian sub continent, i use to work near 6th street curry row, and would eat there all the time, i know the difference between the various regional cuisines of India and Pakistan, I've even had food at a Bangladesh style restaurant. I've eaten here five time's in the last two years mostly for the lunch buffet which is good and a pretty good value, the assortment varies each time I've had the pakora's, samosa's, Bhajiya, Chutney Idli, they were all good typical Indian appetizers, and the quality of them really depended on how long they had been in the buffet, the pakora tended to get the greasiest fastest, there is also the standard fair of condiments Dal, tamarind chutney, coriander chutney, mango chutney, a raita, onion relish, poppadom, there all well made but again nothing exceptional,There's usually a tandori chicken, which is well made often a little dry and bright red, a chicken tikki in a creamy sauce with a hint of coconut, sometimes there's a Lamb Shashlik in a tomato onion sauce, or a Kakori Kabob little meat balls of ground lamb in a sauce tasting of garam masala, sometimes there's a chicken korma rich and creamy with a hint of cashew, or a chicken vindaloo studded with mustard seeds which is never spicy enough , or a chicken kerala with whole peppercorns, sometimes there's a lamb saag with spinach which is a little bland, or a lamb korma which is also very good, again all solid dishes well executed but nothing particularly note worth and always spiced for the western palate meaning generally no heat. There's generally always a lot of vegetarian dishes, a fresh paneer dish of some kind, an aloo gobi, a chana masala , a mixed kofta of carrots and potato's,. Sometimes there's a biryani with chicken at other times just vegetables, and at other times there's pullao with fresh peas again all good but nothing with any wow factor to all pleasantly made authentic style mostly northern Indian or mughal style Cuisine, One thing to note if your a seafood fan like me there is never any type of seafood at the buffet, and as far as bread goes with the meals the only one that is ever available is the naan, there's also usually a carrot pudding and a pudding with vermicelli available at the end of the meal and is kind of disappointing given some of the remarkable sweets I've had at other Indian restaurantson the whole is good solid Indian Cuisine near central park, a good value for the buffet but nothing exceptional.The restaurant is handicapped accessible for the most part the bathroom or at least the men's room was not,
The food here is more authentic and delicious than most upscale Indian restaurants in NYC.  Well seasoned, plentiful and freshly prepared!  A great choice on the UWS.  Good service and a sincere thank you on the way out won me over!
I had been there with my girlfriend about 3 years ago and I thought it'd be romantic to take her back there this Valentine's day since we liked it so much the last time.  I remember it being much better the last time.  This could just be me, but I remember rice being included with the meals and the portions being much bigger, especially for the prices.  The service wasn't unfriendly but it wasn't necessarily that friendly either.  Strictly business, not chit chat or friendly banter.  Which I can appreciate, I'm not always a fan of learning my waiters life story, but it definitely takes something away from the experience.  All in all a very nice atmosphere and delicious food.  The service is quick and they did do a good job.
My favorite celebrity suggested this place in an interview, so I checked it out and was not disappointed with the food. The service? Eh, one waiter had an attitude. When I asked questions about the buffet food, he brushed me off. But after realizing that the buffet didn't include my favorite dish, I opted instead for a menu meal (lamb vindaloo and poori bread). Much, much attitude from this one guy, but once another person noticed, he stepped in to make sure I was satisfied, and got the right meal to me. Both my mother and I enjoyed our meals so much that we returned the following day. It was very delicious, and even the mean guy turned kind (maybe he got a 'talking to').
I was in the area and was looking for some Indian for dinner, and I found this place on yelp.  From the reviews, I thought it would be a good place for dinner, but I was a little disappointed.  I ordered to go, but when I tasted the food, it just didn't have that "touch" that I was looking for.  The flavors seemed a bit off, and the curry just seemed really bland.  Maybe it was the day I went -- but the quality of the food was good, fresh, so I gave the restaurant an extra star for that.As for the ambience and environment -- it is exceptionally nice.  It would probably make for a perfect date-night dinner, especially if your date likes Indian food.  The location is pretty central and easy to find from the street.  I would still like to come back and try this place again, hoping that the day I come, the flavor will be a bit more fulfilling and not so bland.
I would not recommend this restaurent for no1.  Mediocre  food.  2. Horrible staff even verbal cursing among them self. 3. Arrogant owner/ manager.  4.  Overpriced 5.  Only plus near columbus circle but i don't. Think location will get them too far .6. There are numerous excellent indian restaurant in manhattan. You should try that before walking in to this one.
This unhygienic restaurant is going down!I have been pretty regular at this restaurant since past 2 years. Food is overpriced and mediocre at best, but I live nearby and the location is good. But recently I've found tremendous hygiene issues with the food. I stopped ordering home deliveries long back, but still I'd drop by sometimes. But that won't be happening anymore. So I went there today for dinner with my friend. This restaurant is NEVER full, so we were sated right away. I checked the menu and the waiter came to take the order. As I told him our order, he let me know that we have to hit minimum $25 per person (our order was coming to ~$23 per person). I was surprised, cause I've been coming here for 2 years and this was a news to me. He told me it's a policy because restaurant is having tough time, and they have fixed costs and all ... Okay...but you are supposed to make exception sometimes with regular customers, and it's just a couple of dollars. He told me that he doesn't make rules, it's the manager...okay, I said call the manager...so the manager( guy with mustache and beard, wearing different blazer to distinguish himself as manager) came to our table. Here's our conversation : me: hello there. I've been coming here for long time, but never knew this policyManager : yes, this is our policy because we have blah blah blah ( tells me same thing his waiter told). You should order 1 vegetable dish, 1 naan, and rice per person and make it 25 or more.Me: that's too much carbs (naan + rice). so I can't order what I want because of the policy..?My friend : we come here all the time and in the past...Manager : (cuts her sentence and talks loudly with extreme arrogance) hey listen, forget about last time, this is our policy and we've printed menu cards accordingly and you can see the rule ( shows us a line in the menu that says 25 per person dining)My friend : okay fine, we're leaving then. and you call this high end restaurant when you are the best example of how a manager SHOULDN'T be.And there we went out and there's never going back. I've never came across any manager who is as arrogant as this. He makes slightly more than minimum wage, but has hell of an attitude. This is America and you don't treat customer with this level of disrespect... Your grossly rude attitude makes sure you won't be around much long...So just for the 2 dollars : 1. He lost 48 dollars revenue he was going to make2. I usually pay 15-18 percent tips, those went down the drain too.3. He lost 2 of his loyal customers forever4. His extreme arrogance ensures this restaurant will have similar issues with customers in future.
The unusually cold Friday night's of NYC continued and my mission was to find a restaurant close to the Time Warner Center so as to prevent weather related injuries while walking. (None of the TWC's resident restaurants appealed to us on that particular evening).One block away from the TWC is Sapphire, an oasis of warmth amidst a sea of ice. The restaurant's sky painted ceiling provided shelter from the elements.Sapphire is a rather large, upscale Indian restaurant where the upscale element is defined by exceptional service, a price to match and lots of pre-theater diners admiring my order of poori and wondering what to choose.You'll spend much less on East 6th Street but this is Midtown and on the great grid of Manhattan, as the block increases so does the price.Would I want $20+ lamb curry every time I have a hankering for Indian food? Of course not but Sapphire prepared the dish so well I may just consider it as a regular option.I ordered Lamb Xacutti to be exact and while Sapphire's  menu noted it as spicy, I disagree. It was flavorful, did not result in my reaching for bread or water and exuded a flat out delicious sensation of spices.Four alarm fire-- not here and that was quite all right. I wanted to eat in comfort.At times Indian cuisine can be prepared with too many lingering oils. Not so at Sapphire as the dish did not exude excess oil. If so a Hannukah miracle would not be required-- just order standard Indian faire and pour.I digress.There are several specialties from the region of Goa that Sapphire offers, lamb xacutti being one of them.I was impressed by the wait staff's highly serious, almost ceremonial serving of rice. They take their rice and service seriously at Sapphire much to the diner's benefit.Oh, and do try the Saphhiriti mixed drink, complete with blue curacao.
I was here for their lunch time buffet ($16) and the food for buffet is pretty good.  They had chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, a lamb dish, a few vegetarian dishes including daal and a lentil dumplings.  Unlike other buffets I've been to, they also have dessert!I definitely recommend this for a buffet place.  The service is excellent, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good and plentiful! (They were still refilling the buffet past 2PM when the buffet shuts down at 245!)
Very good service, great Indian authentic cousin. very convenient for the pre-theater dinner.
Great location, nice atmosphere, decent food.  Decided to try Sapphire before going to Jazz at Lincoln Center.   Only a block from Columbus Circle, the location was perfect.  The restaurant is very clean, somewhat formal in appearance and reasonably priced.  The service was good.  The appetizers were good.  We had the Samosas and the Lasuni Gobi.  The cauliflower was the better of the two.  My wife had the Masala Halibut which she described as weird.  It was a sizable piece of fish that appeared to have been left in pan too long on one side.  I had the Lamb Saag which with the exception of a couple of pieces of lamb that were on the tough side, was very good.  The Peshawari Nan and the Lacha Paratha were both very good.  We've had better Indian food but Sapphire was a pretty good choice give the location, price and atmosphere.
Finally hit Sapphire's lunch buffet. The wait staff was disinterested in literally everything about our group of four and we had to track them down and pester them mercilessly for drinks, water, drinks...  but the food was wonderful, granted it was all the standards that one expects in an Indian buffet: pakora, samosa, tikka, korma, gosht, daal, and paneer. There were pickles and sauces galore. The only odd thing was that there wasn't any naan or papadoms. Bizarre. I guess those are extra. There were some deserts out, including some nice rice pudding (though it was a bit shy with the cardamom and a little too runny for the liking of some). Still, a good value in a good location. Definitely be back, only this time I'll be more proactive with the drinks situation and try to figure out their anti-naan attitude.
When we were looking over the menu, we happened to notice in tiny print at the bottom that there was a $25 per person minimum charge. We asked the waiter if that would be enforced, and he said yes. There was no sign outside the restaurant. It seemed like a very sleazy way to trick people into spending way too much money. We got up and left.
The best Indian food restaurant in Manhattan. I used to eat here lunch and dinner everyday for months because I used to work as a delivery person here. Maybe you know me if you ever order food for delivery during last winter and summer 2009. After I quit this job, I've tried others' indian cuisine in Boston, MA and Downtown Brooklyn and Queens, NY. They are okay, but they can not compare to Sapphire. Because Sapphire has the chef who only prepare and bake Naan, the chef who only do grills, the chef who only prepare of appetizers the chef who fix and marinate meat, and the chefs who cook dishes like Mango shrimp, Chicken masala....etc. You may receive bad or fair services experience when the restaurant manager trains new waiters. But come on, every resturant has those training going on. I personally encourage those new waiters by sharing some of my working experience. :P
I would give this negative rating . Stones in all the nan bread .. Manager was extremely unapologetic !! Worst customer service and shockingly rude behavior
This place is SO good.  The waitstaff is attentive (almost ridiculously so - I came in with a party of four on a Saturday night and it was PACKED and even so, every time I took a sip of water, there was someone two seconds later to refill my glass!), and the food, I mean, what can you say.  It's world class delicious.The only thing I can think to complain about is a little strange, and I wonder if I'm the only one who noticed this.  SOMETIMES, they leave inedible ingredients in the food.  Once I accidentally bit into a bay leaf, another time I crunched down on what appeared to be a lemon seed?  I didn't make a big deal of it because I didn't want to make it seem like I was chowing down too fast to notice what I put in my mouth, or didn't realize that you were SUPPOSED to leave those bits in there (but darned if those little seeds didn't blend right in with my chana masala!).
First of all, from the outside this place doesn't look like an Indian place - it looks like the previous business was called Sapphire something or another and they got he sign writer to add "Indian Cuisine" at the end.We got shown to a corner of the restaurant with all manner of junk keeping us company, some posters and what appeared to be the remains of a broken chair.We ordered some onion bhaji and some other dish that claimed to be filled with potato but we found no evidence of that. The bhaji was the better dish of the two and I would certainly order it again.We ordered a Chicken Korma and a Chicken Jalfrezi. The Korma was as most Korma dishes are in America, vaguely spiced and more like bits of chicken floating around in cream of chicken soup. The Jalfrezi tasted promising, the sauce was good but a little too sweet. The thing that really put me off were the virtually uncooked onions and peppers, whilst these are part of the dish they need to be soft rather than straight out of the salad buffet. I encountered an odd ingredient - snowpeas. In all of my years eating Indian food I've never encountered those and it was not a welcome addition! Most of the meat in both dishes was breast meat but there was a large chunk of thigh meat in the Korma which had an odd grey colour so we felt that to one side.The naan bread was cut into pieces and presented in a basket, not good.The decor felt tired and in need of some restoration in my opinion. A typical entree costs $20 here and we were expecting more of a "wow" factor but we were disappointed. Our waiter however was very attentive and generally helpful so no complaints there.I will not be returning.
So, I spent last weekend in NYC for a youth soccer tournament in the cold rain. I decided to seek out Indian food close to Columbus Circle to warm me up. Yelp pointed me to Sapphire Indian Cuisine.Service: Staff was polite, formal, and well dressed. Service level is acceptable to NYC standards.Setting: Clean and semi-formal setting. AcceptableFood:  I appreciate Indian food and often seek it out when I travel. I found their food to decent, but not very interesting. I had chicken vindaloo,  basmati rice, and onion kulcha. The chicken vindaloo was hot, but lacked broad, spicy flavor that I would expect of vindaloo. Their rice was good. The onion kulcha was OK.Overall, I liked the service and setting, but the food lacked the sparkle of a sapphire.
Great lunch buffet with terrific changing selection of meat and vegetarian options.  Have been going for years and it continues to be solid.  Service is attentive and professional.
Pricey and the food is good, small portion. Have been there twice, the spices are the best part. Meat is average.  Most of the people eating there are "old school".
We ordered delivery from here. I will say one thing: their lamb dishes aren't as good as the chicken ones, which are tender and always very yummy. The lamb tends to be tough and it's in huge chunks. The jalfrezi was spicy and pretty good, but some of the vegetables in it were barely cooked. They do have delicious peshwari naan, though--sweet and coconutty.
So we came after work after my co worker ranted and raved about this being her favorite.. Initially the place was a bit empty seemed to have more wait staff than people to serve. Needless to say I was a bit concerned but that changed rather quickly. Food was awesome, service was great, ambience and decor beautiful and intimate at least where we sat. We were even given free dessert which gave me an opportunity to try something new. My only suggestions wait staff could smile a bit more and menu could offer some platters like veggie platter or tandoori chicken platter with an fixe price to include dessert... Would give those who don't make the buffet an option to try a variety of things and try including the rice instead of charging separately for each item. That could add up only to determine I may not even like the one thing I was limited to order. Aside from the little concern if I was in that area I would eat here again. But I'm a soo 6th st kinda Gurl
Excellent location but super expensive. There are better indian food choice further south and north. But worth a try. We ordered food out for work events and they definitely don't give discounts. All in all decent food but nothing that has to be tried.
I was expecting more given the fact that this restaurant is rather upscale.   Not only was the food not better, but I'm not even sure it was as good as some of the more moderately priced Indian restaurants in the city.For one thing, I requested my dish come "extra spicy", but instead of coming spicier, it was actually more bland than usual.  I also found the garlic naan to be not flavorful at all.  You could see the garlic on there, but you definitely couldn't taste it.Another disappointment, especially given the high prices, is the lack of starters.  A lot of Indian restaurants put flat wafers on the table with spices to dip them in beforehand, which is one of my favorite parts of Indian meals.  You won't get that here, but you'll pay more than at a place that has it.If you're looking for a safe choice to bring someone, or you yourself are someone that just wants standard Indian fare without the extras and with little spice, then you'll be fine here.
i was there yesterday. the service was ok but it is very expensive and they automatically ad service fees to the bill and than they added another 18%  service fee. i was dining with friends we split the bill and we presented two credit cards, so they added another 18% total 36%  for the service. I disputed and they supposed to refund but what they did is they charged my card for both parties. and they charged my other party double bill. I am outraged. WATCH OUT FOR THE RECEIPTS. pay close attention.
I dream about this place.  I crave it.I only go for the lunch buffet. The chicken tikka masala, the aloo gobi mutter, the raita, the mango chutney...all of it.  And the price is right.It's not convenient to anything in my life.  Yet, I've been so many times.  I have sprinted there to get in before lunch is over.  I have waited in the car for them to open at noon.The ambiance is nice.  The service is fine.  Nothing amazing.  I went there once with my friend, her twin baby girls and her older daughter.  The staff didn't seem thrilled.  I don't even think they had a child seat.  But it didn't matter.  We loved it anyway.It's my favorite Indian place in America.  Only to be topped by Indian restuarants in the UK.
While I'm confident I could find the same quality of food for much cheaper on curry row, I am impressed with Sapphire's atmosphere and cuisine. The service was impressive, despite it being a busy night when my fiance and I visited. Their beer selection is limited so I opted for a mango martini and was neither disappointed nor particularly impressed. It was mango-y and well mixed but nothing out of this world, especially for $10. We started our meal with the onion bhaji which was much less greasy than I have found in other places recently. Not overwhelmingly delicious but definitely a solid app. I ordered chicken vindaloo and my fiance, the chicken tikka masala. I think this was the first time I was upset I ordered vindaloo! My meal was definitely delicious, not as hot as I would normally like but hot enough and had very well-balanced flavors. But the tikka masala was outstanding. I honestly can't even describe the goodness of the dish and to it justice so I won't even try! Paired with the garlic naan, both dishes were more than satisfactory. Overall, very pleased with the experience but I don't think that I will be coming back here as my "go-to" Indian place if only because of price!
I used to get their lunch box special at least once a week, because in that part of the neighborhood Indian cuisine is very hard to come by.It included only a few small pieces of meat, and overall was a little overpriced, but just something to spice up the regular lunch routine.They used to have a prix-fixe all you can eat, but I don't see that being offered on their online menu anymore. If you go, you can call them and check. For $18 it is a good deal, and I'd recommend at least trying it once.
we know Satesh for about 15+ years -- he was a waiter at 56th Street - AKBAR,  then he went to Bay Leaf for a short time before it close, and now he is at Sapphire.The reason why I'm telling you this is because we have loyal follower of Satesh for over a decade, but we are SOOOO disappointed with this restaurant, i am writing so Satesh and stop trying to be Donold Trump and go back to his roots of what he does best.We have the lamb for appetizers, and the shrimp -- the lamb tasted as if they open a jar of seasoning and just rub it on and server it --- all you can taste if the horrible seasoning, and no flavor on the meat.  the ship was great size, and them came up burnt, and over cook.our dinner was lamp chops, and lamp curry -- here again, the same issue:  the food came up as if it was sitting around for hours.  someone told me that they re-heat food in the afternoon that are left over from lunch buffet ---- this look exactly as we experienced, because the outside of the lamp was room temperature, and when you cut it, it was cold.  we ask them to re-heat the food, and they give us a dirty look, like we should not have done that.we end up spending about $100 for food and drinks  - - I could not tell if the food was as horrible as the people or both, but never going back at this place.what was most amazing - was the cold shoulder we received from Satish when we arrive --- for knowing him 15+ years, and for him to just brush us aside, it was not cool.So our message to Satesh -- we wish you lots of success, but since you put the suite and tie one -- you have become ignorant of good good, and service, not only old friends.
There is a lunch take-out box option, so I got the curry chicken one for 9.75 (after tax).  It wasn't anything crazy good, but for the area, if you're looking to break free from deli sandwiches but also don't have the time/money for a sit down place, this is a great option!
I will first say that the staff are so courteous and willing to bend over backwards in order to accomodate dietary restrictions.  The place is clean and the facilities are immaculate.  In those senses this place is quite UC friendly.  However, it is a pricey place, and as indian food goes, my sense is that you can get a similar level of accommodations of your dietary restrictions for at least slightly lower prices.  Don't get me wrong, some stuff is priced at fair market value (i.e. biryani, curry dishes, etc).  But other things like the kabobs and samosas are on the expensive side, so be prepared and watch your pocketbook as things can add up.  On the other hand, the food is quite good, and as written above they really do go above and beyond if you let them know your dietary restrictions ahead of time.  The biryani is not too greasy and sat pretty well with my stomach.  All in all, I'd call this restaurant a UC friendly treat.  Not a place to get your regular indian food fix but a nice place to bring a group of friends maybe if you want some good ambiance, attentive waiters and the like.
We visited Sapphire for the first time this evening and were impressed by thesetting, the delicious food and the prompt attentive service.  We shall definitelyreturn.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was good for talking.  We were three, had a table with lots of space around and noise level was low although there were many people in the restaurant.  The service, however, was inattentive.  I think it's a good restaurant for quiet, dinner with good food at reasonable price.
Went to Sapphire this evening before a performance @ nearby Lincoln Center.  Yes, it was very upscale with a doorman, no less.  I found the food to be very tasty.  The lamb and spinach was delicious.  The lamb was very lean and the spinach was properly seasoned.  We also had the baby eggplants in a wonderful almond and coconut sauce.  I found the service to be quite adequate.  We asked for the bill and received it promptly, getting to the theatre in time.  I throughly enjoyed this meal.
I went here for lunch. I had the buffet and a cup of coffee.  The bill was around $21.  This area is kind of expensive so I'm not going to complain about the price.  The food was very good for a buffet and the atmosphere was nice. I'll return.
This place rocks!  Delicious food, great service!
My friend and I were dying of the heat and humidity outside, desperately trying to find a place to sit down and eat!This was a great last minute find for lunch. We both went for the lunch buffet. It was very satisfying, but it was a bit pricey for a lunch buffet (15).My favorite was the mattar paneer. It was unfortunate we came towards the end of lunch time, and there was barely any cheese left. The naan was not a favorite of mine, it was really airy and not doughy enough for me.Their desserts were not so good. The frozen thickened yogurt, as my friend put it, tasted like perfume.Our waiter was great and the decor was nice too.
