Worst service ever. Owner is mean and obnoxious. Shows disrespect to women. I'll never go there again. Restaurant is not clean.
I was passing by on my way to work and stopped in for a quick to-go lunch. Their pricing is okay at a little under $10 for a meat with rice. It would be nice to have a meat and veggie option for that price. I opted for the chicken curry since it's a solid bet at any Indian spot. The dish was a lot of rice, a lot of sauce and a few pieces of chicken. The rice was well cooked and the chicken curry was just eh. It wasn't spicy at all and not all that flavorful. It was one of the weakest chicken curries I ever had to tell you the truth. Overall, this place didn't do it for me and I doubt I'll come back. There are many other options in the area that are far more flavorful.
Their portion sizes have seriously declined - probably as a cost-cutting measure. Today I got chicken tikka masala plus rice in a container that was no bigger than a hamburger. There are 4 tiny pieces of chicken floating in all that sauce. Yes, it was $7.50. I feel kind of ripped off right now :(
This is your amazingly inexpensive Indian food choice in Wall Street. Massive pile of Indian for $10. $3 mango lassis. What's not to love?
Had a strange craving for Indian food on a Sunday in the Flat Iron District. I must say this place was pretty good. Ordered on Seamless - arrived in the exact time they said it would. I checked out other spots for Indian food - This place had a lunch special even for a Sunday. Most other places around the area charged quite a few bucks more. You can even customize the order and add certain spices. I ordered the Lamb Curry with rice, Green chili and for an extra .50 cents some mango chutney. It was free delivery (Although I could of walked there where I was) and with tip came up to $17.53. Not bad at all considering some places had the same exact thing without the rice for around $16 alone. The food came in the exact time allotted - I must say it was pretty good. Don't eat Lamb curry to much - more of a Chicken Tikka kind of guy, then again who isn't? But it was the perfect seasoning, texture everything. Definitely a must to try this spot out. Money wise, delivery, and even ordering inside the place is spot on. Do it!
I ordered the 2 item combo and had the chicken tikka masala and saag with cheese. For the price I received exactly the right portions.. Best of all was restaurant sit down quality for a fraction of the price. This is my second time here and when back in New York will be back again. For really good "hole in the wall" type Indian food... This place is excellent.
Decent food at a good price. Very friendly and helpful staff.The lamb curry is great. Try the mango drink.
Not exactly the greatest Indian food but if you are hungry and looking for a generous portion, this might be your place. During lunch there aren't many selections. They serve three types of chicken masalas during the lunch hour. Regular, mild and spicy. I presume the regular was some savory thing. Mild was the tikka and the spicy was the vindaloo. Some combos come with Naan or Roti and you can pick two veggies. The place is divey looking and I appealing. The food is only good if you're out of options and starving. If you are suffering from weeks of constipation; come here. It'll take care of that problem in 30 min or less.
The price is right, the service is friendly... But the food is not very memorable. Somewhat lacking a rich flavor. Kind of "shloppy" tasting.
Food quality is on-par with other Indian choices in the area but i found it to be a little more expensive. A lunch combo box here is around $12 whereas I spend $9-10 on the same amount of food at other shops or Indian food trucks nearby. The food and service are good, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Best chicken tikka masala I've had. Not one piece of Chicken was dry- it was moist and succulent. They make their naan on the spot hot and fresh from the tandoor. Great customer service. Gem of a spot right next to our hotel.
Fantastic quality and tasty. 10 bucks gets you chicken veg and rice. Highly recommended.
Delicious Indian lunch!! I was looking for a quality Indian joint and came here with my Indian co-workers. They told me they have tried all the Indian options in the FiDi and this was the best. I had the saag paneer (spinach) and eggplant curries with basmati rice and some just baked naan on the side. Everything was fresh and delicious. I'm always concerned about spiciness but it was not too spicy at all and just really enjoyable. Definitely going back!
They now will not give you any type of sauce with Naan bread.  Won't order from here again.  I have ordered from here several times in the past and the food was honestly pretty good, but the portions were really small.   EVERY time I ordered, the naan bread came with 3 sauces (a greenish one, a brown one, and of course raita).  Last week when I ordered, just raita and the brown sauce came so I figured they were just out of the other.  no problem.  last night, I got none except for the "extra" raita I paid for separately.  It was in a tiny container and I had 2 orders of naan, so it was basically worthless as it lasted 2 bites.  When I called to ask if they forgot the sauce, the manager said "No" and that's it.  He was curt and rude and said the Naan does not come with sauce and never did.  He is either lying or they changed their policy in the last few days and he's lying about that.  4 or 5 times prior, I have always gotten dipping sauces for the naan bread.  Like any standard indian NYC restaurant.  Also note that last night, one of the entrees in the 3-entree combination had ONE BITE SIZED PIECE of chicken and a container of sauce. The portions have gotten ridiculously small.  They were really rude on the phone last night and didn't care.  Too bad, they have now lost a loyal customer.
Was starving, hadn't eating much all day, and was in a rush to find some quick grub in the Financial District after a nice trip at Century 21.When we got here, the food looked like it was laying there all day, but I was with someone and, like I said, we were starving as well as really tired! So we ate here.Chicken tikka masala wasn't the standard kind that I'm used to and love, so I was pretty disappointed, but it was still food and "ok," so I ate it. :D It tasted more like chicken mixed with a tomato kind of sauce.. Definitely not the classic chicken tikka masala I know and love! :(Naan, basmati rice, eggplant, spinach, and the chopped up chicken (forgot the names of all of them) were all better, but that's just about average.*Tip: Don't bother buying bottled water, because they have free tap water there in a pitcher for you :D..Made the mistake of doing that! :OAnd the guy working cashier didn't say anything. (Not that I'd expect him to. Though, it'd have been nice :))
Wicked friendly staff. Wasn't familiar with indian food and they gave me a few samples. The rice wasn't that great but the think that's just how that particular rice is. So I would recommend the bread instead. But it was tasty and friendly. Would recommend.
DiwaneKhaas is a decent place. I mean their service is always prompt then again I always go during non-rush hours. Their food is ok. This restaurant is in a food desert. Everything around it is Subway, Papajohns etc. so considering the competition DiwaneKhaas is amazing.   I know the owners are working very hard and they are relatively nice.
This place is awesome. Decent indian food for reasonable price. U can get two different types of curry for only 9 bucks. This is my go-to lunch spot in FiDi area. Try bombay chicken if u like spicy food. Its delicious.
I ordered from here here starving at work, chicken tikka masala. That's like a marinara pie if you're a pizza joint. They served up what tasted like a ketchup pizza. The masala resembled a thick, goopy BBQ sauce. The sides were bland and flavorless and begging for seasoning. What are these people doing over there!? I gave them a second star because I made it home without food poisoning and was grateful. Order from any other Indian spot in the area. It'll be an improvement.
Decent lunch special. All of their combos are less than $10, but they make you choose between naan and rice...I can't has both?!I've been here a couple of times. It's good when I've got an Indian craving at work...but after eating here I usually remember why I don't eat Indian food too often (stomach gurgles).There only seems to be one man that works here, and depending upon his mood, he will either delight you with a sample of everything on the steam table...or he will rush you out of there faster than the wind.Today I got the Chicken Makhani with Palak Dal (spinach and lentils) over rice. For veggies, I  usually get the Palak Paneer...but one look at the cheese and I knew that it wouldn't agree with my tum for the rest of the afternoon...so I decided to play it safe with the Dal.The meal was about $9. The chicken had just enough spice for me. I can understand why dome might want it spicier. I was expecting the meat to be a bit more tender though.The rice had hardened a bit...perhaps from being left out for too long? This place never seems to have Chicken Masala when I go there...bummer cuz I loves me some Masala!If you're in the area, it's good for lunch...It's not worth a trek or anything. People seem to love their chai.
I came here with a coworker last friday and I have to say, for $9.50, i got chicken vindaloo and fish curry over rice.  It was quite delicious and the vindaloo was spicy and loved it!  The food was better than expected and the portions were huge!  After many failed attempts at finding decent food in Fidi, this place gets 4 stars for bang for buck and better than expected taste!  Definitely flavorful and worth the $9.50.  They do have a $10 min on CC, so make sure you either buy up to $10 or its giving them a 50 cent surcharge.  Another piece of advice, make sure to do take out, its a revolving door of customers during lunch time, not sure how people sit there and eat with people hovering over them.
wow...i ordered one entree with rice to go..the quantity they serve is ridiculously small... 3 tablespoons of rice for lunch man..what is this? a taste sample? another thing they charge 50 cents more if you pay with a card.
Geetchyer Indian fast food fix done right at DiwaneKhass. There are two locations in the area ( I think they make all the Indian food for the area as any place you go to has the same exact Fish curry).
I ordered the chicken tikka masala with rice biryani and he tells me that he doesn't sell that type of rice that he only sells white rice. Then lectures me about how the rice that I ordered does not go with chicken tikka masala. Obviously this man has never dined or even went to Bangladesh. He tried to charge me $2 for a vegetable samosa, when those can go for cheaper. Once I finally got my meal, it came in a plastic plate with plastic utensils. I've eaten at many Indian / Bangladesh restaurants and never have I ever seen them serve in anything plastic unless its for delivery. The chicken tikka masala tasted very tomatoey as though he didn't use any type of mixture to go with it I'm pretty sure he doesn't know what kind of Ghee (butter) it suppose to be used. The service was awful, I felt an air as though they didn't want me there in the first place meanwhile if I would have been like the following guest that basically had a nice little sweet British accent, blonde hair, I probably would have been flirted on the way the chef and the restaurant owner were doing all night. I'm never coming back to this place ever again!
I had a meeting nearby and was craving Indian, so this place popped up  the Yelp App radar.  It's certainly not a place you'd travel across town to visit, nor is it anything beyond a simple lunch spot for downtown workers. They offer typical meals, but most people seem to hit the counter for the quick steam table selections, which range from $6.95 for two veggies up to $9.95 for 2 veggies and a meat (chicken, lamb, etc).My negatives would be that many side dishes were depleted by 1;30 P.M. and the dishes, while flavorful, were pretty tame for Indian.That said, the food was cooked well and the portion size was very healthy.  It's definitely simple - order that the counter, formica tables, plastic forks kinda place - so don't go there to propose.  But if you're in the Financial district and want some Indian grub, it works.
I love this place. Chickpeas, spinach and lentils over rice with a huge naan for a reasonable (for sit-down in lower Manhattan) price. I wouldn't travel from outside the neighborhood -- there's not enough atmosphere to justify -- but it's great if you work nearby, as I do. I'd ding them a star for charging $1 or maybe $2 too much but given the location and portion sizes I get it. They had plenty of seating available at 12:15 on a Friday. Definitely going back.
Very rarely do I throw out food. The chicken I had for lunch today was of such poor quality, the whole thing went in the trash. At 12 dollars for a platter, my expectations were much higher. Maybe the vegetarian dishes are better but my advice is avoid the meat or the whole place all together.
Worst Indian biryani I have ever tasted in my life. I was in NY for 3 days and decide to check this one out after reading some of the positive reviews. To my shock, the lamb biryani that was served on our table in (cheap white plastics food case) looked awfully dark and repulsive. When I finally mustered some courage to give my taste buds a chance, I was instantly put off by what seems to be a hurried mix of plain rice and uninspiring lamb curry. I had expected, at the bare minimum,  to be made like a regular run-off-the-mill hyderabadi biryani. But biryani this was even below that. Shocker!!I left my table as it was, paid off the bill and left in a hurry - never return back here.
Solid lunch spot in the Financial District. Sure, some of the dishes could be spicier, but why mess with what works?  The prices are fair, the portions are filling, and there's actually seating, even during the crazy lunch hour rush.Kudos for the numerous vegetarian options. I love me my chicken tikka masala, but some days, I just want some paneer and dal with a nice warm piece of naan, and this place just hits the spot.
This place is pretty adequate, but I can't say much more than that. In terms of vegetarian/vegan fare in the financial district, it's pretty good, but that speaks more to the dismal state of affairs here (although it's getting better, see, e.g. Terri and the Cinnamon Snail). As far as Indian food goes, though, it's pretty weak. It doesn't really have the depth of flavor I've come to expect from Indian cuisine, even buffet style like this.Also, the prices went up substantially in the last couple years so it's no longer the good deal it once was.
This place was a disappointment. The food didn't taste that great. We ordered biryani and a vegetable entry, and they were just okay. Biryani was far from what it is supposed to taste like. The naan was nice and that was about the only thing. The place itself is a bit gloomy
Love it here! Minta is the best chef. I get takeout from here often. Not a place I'd sit and eat, but it still has great flavor!
I've eaten here a couple of times over the years and last night my husband brought home for me tikki masala with paneer saag and a samosa. The chicken was so delicious - moist, not dried out. I tasted a small hint of bbq :)Just as great as I remembered it to be, and it was carried all the way back to Jersey City. Can't wait for hubby to bring more home next week!
I ordered Achari Chicken Entree from Diwan-E-Khaas a couple days ago for lunch with extra Roti. Pros:- Food: The chicken was delicious. The curry that came with it was really flavorful- Delivery: it was delivered on time- Roti was large in size, and since i had ordered 2, I had enough left overs for the next day.- I asked for it to be made spicy. Not only it was appropriately seasoned, they gave me extra green chillies on the side (just the way I like my Indian food)Cons:- They dont give rice with the entree like other indian restaurants do.- For $9.75, there is more curry and less chicken pieces.I am very happy to find a good Indian place in the FiDi. I will order from here again and try different things.
I'm a big fan of indian food, and though this place isn't the fanciest - someone earlier said it best "do not propose here" - the food is top notch. My go to is the chicken vindaloo, and it's delicious! The chicken is tender, the sauce is spicy but not kill-you spicy, and the roti was great as well. The service here was also great - i've been here a couple of times and though they don't accept discover card, they let me get some food and pay the next day. Love this place!
Service is good.Ambiance is nothing spectacular. Food, not so consistent. Some days, It taste like how Indian food should taste like.. and other days, Its just okay. Variety's they offer are great. There is not anything on the menu that you would not want to try. I have tried almost everything (been going here for last 1.5 years, only because they are the only restaurant in my near vicinity that offers Halal food.)All in all, If you are in  the area, it is a definite spot worth checking out if you are craving Indian food (which is also HALAL). I would not go out of my way for it, but if you work around here or are visiting downtown... you will be content and full (generous portions) if you stop by.*some of my favorites*- Chicken Tikka Masala- Lemon Chicken- Somosas
Not the most amazing Indian food, still very decent nonetheless. Good portions and very consistent quality through out the many orders.
I've been coming here for over 3 years and it is still my absolute favorite downtown lunch spot. Food is amazing and flavorful and the staff is incredibly friendly. Love this place!
Hi,I tried this place twice and both times disappointed. The food tastes stale and is very greasy. I mistakenly went once to pickup from restaurant and to my horror the cleanliness of the place and insects just lurking around drived me nuts. If you stay around downtown you are better half eating at some other Indian Restaurant.
This no-frills Indian spot is my favorite place for lunch in the neighborhood.The food is tasty and fresh.There's always a good selection of both vegetable and meat entrees.The service is fast and friendly.The two entree lunch special is a really good deal and a good amount of food for the price.My personal Indian food litmus test is palak (saag) paneer and theirs is great.If you're in the financial district and you want a really good, fast Indian meal definitely stop by Diwanekhaas!
A short walk from my workplace, hidden, but delicious.  Clean environment.  As a first-timer, I asked what the process was.  The ordering style was walk-up/buffet.  The Chef showed me the specials and explained the variety of sauces and meats, as well as vegetable sides.  The food was delicious, hot, and the helping was generous.
Now this is called gooood cheap indian food!! (I'm an indian so take my word for it..lol! I don't know why some other reviewers are fretting over $10 min for credit card(its a reality...you are in NYC..cash is preferred -  face it.), or fussing over oh its nothing you wud travel across the town for....face it people, its a quick stop, fast take out, easy to sit in kind of a indian restaurant for financial district work-force. :)The lunch combos are good. The rice is light(not heavy card food rice), and the Naan is A-Amazing (very fresh..like seriousluy fresh).I know my indian food, so take it from me, go for this one.Also, the number of non-indian people I see there just proves this place is perfect for all, even w.r.t. spice levels!
Fast and affordable Indian food.  You see what you get, and you can just point and choose different meat (chicken/fish/lamb) + vegetable combos.  2 meat combos cost more.  I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, but it wasn't to my liking.  Sadly, it's a dish I usually like.  I'll try the Chicken Makhani or Lamb Curry next time.  The Eggplant I had was good and slightly spicy.
Good little place in the FiDi. The Amristari Chole  has a nice kick to it and the Aloo Matar tasty. If your looking for reasonably priced Indian food then this is your place. Not much of an atmosphere though. 3 1/2 stars.
Tell me before I order my food that it there is a credit card limit for $10.00.The food wasn't bad. The "very spicy" chicken is pretty mild. The rice was very grainy, but after mushing the rice with the sauce from the chicken, and the chick peas it's not as bad. It is good amount of quantity for the 9.50 I had to pay. Quality is not great, but for a restaurant in the financial it's a "settling spot"They put all the food in those silver pans, and line them up in front of a glass so you can see them. Basically I've realized this makes the food that nobody gets, just look really bad because the sauce starts to darken and dry. This place looks like it could be a "buffet". on to my problem with this place.Now after I order my food,  and you have put everything together in a plate then when I am about to pay you say "oh the minimum is 10, so I'm just going to charge you 50 cents more to accept your credit card." It would upset the person who made everything if I said "you didn't tell me that." then walkout not paying and getting something else. I was considering on doing this, but because my break was cut short I just let this guy scam me into an additional .50 cents.I'll visit again because the food wasn't bad, and the financial district has terrible restaurants besides franchises like chiptole. So when you're in the mood for an Indian dish this is the only choice around.Just bring cash, or else when you get to the register you will have a face like you have just eaten sour candy after the guy mentions credit card minimum.
This is a staple for Seamless Web dinner in the financial district. It comes within 30 minutes every time and is great value.I wouldn't say it is the greatest Indian food in the world, but it is a great sub $15 Seamless dinner. I usually get the Tandori chicken ($10) which comes with Naan (or rice or Roti). I have also gotten the Chicken Makahni,  and Chicken Tikki Masala, which are both good and fairly standard. Good veggie options (Daal, Gobi, Chole, etc). I would definitely recommend this in the financial district, but I wouldn't travel for it.
Great food, great service. A great spot if you want straight-up good Indian food quickly.
Great Indian food. Neat place. Good service. Delivery is pretty decent in the area. Prices are a bit on the expensive side, but that's expected here in the financial district.
I ordered in delivery on a Friday night.I guess they have a Friday executive chicken box special.  You pick the type of chicken (I chose Chicken Tikka Masala), two vegetables, and it comes with rice and naan. It was pretty good overall.  Everything was hot.  The chicken shredded very easily and was nicely spiced.  The two veggies I got where the Palak Paneer and the Chana Daal Palak.  Wasn't a fan of the Chana but the Palak was delicious (I like dipping the naan into it).  There was plenty of food, enough for dinner and lunch the next day.  Would definitely order from there agani.
Went here around 8pm on a Tuesday and got their Chicken Tikka Masala plate w/ some garlic naan.  I watched them cook the naan fresh but couldn't say really the same about the chicken.  While it wasn't bad, it wasn't memorable and had the impression of 'healthy' while eating it.  Very good service.
Can't speak for the other items, but I always get the Chicken Vindaloo. Nice balance of spices and always fulfilling, especially for my late lunches.
I love Indian food, but this place is mediocre at best. They have a lunch special that is around $9 for two types of food over rice. The sign says it comes with bread too, but they told me that it only came with bread if I got a third entree.They told it was a $10 minimum on my card...They should have a sign because, like most New Yorkers, i rarely carry cash around. My food was $8.50 so it was pretty close. The woman said she would take my card if I agreed to them adding a 50 charge. Fine, whatever. I dont really like the way the people working there treated me as a customer. They were a little rude and apathetic and thats no way to talk to someone paying $9 for some rice and buffet food.They did give a lot of food, but it wasnt very flavorful. I had the chicken tikka masala and eggplant entrees over rice. The eggplant texture was a little too mushy for my taste. The chicken was better, but still not that great.I probably won't go there again.
I love this place. The delivery is super-fast, and it really is the only place in the neighborhood where I can get Indian food that is guaranteed NOT to be soaked in ghee. I've been ordering here for about two years, and everyone is so friendly, both the delivery guys and the people behind the counter. It's salty and they don't offer coconut chutney, but hey, it's a glorified lunch counter, and the best one we're going to get in the Wall Street area, especially for the reasonable prices they charge.
Grabbed some lunch to go.  Chicken Vindaloo, Gobi Aloo, rice and naan for $10.  It was just ok.  Not bad but nothing special.  Everything sort of tasted and felt the same.  Probably won't return.
Below average Indian - chicken tikka masala (red tomato sauce, not really masala), samosa and naan (no flavor really)
Good Indian food and very reasonably priced.I went there with my wife when we visited the 9 11 memorial.its modest in terms of ambience but really really makes up for the food/price.nan is fresh-right out of tandoor.food choice ,even vegetarian is nice.I am a meat lover but was amazed how good the vegetables were.try out the eggplant-baingan ka bhartha and cauliflower-gobhi.in meat try the chicken tikka masala and keema.looking for a good authentic indian lunch in the financial district?i recommend head there.
First off, this is NOT the best Indian food in NYC, so let's just acknowledge that this is a cafeteria where you just get something to nourish yourself and then run back to the office. Secondly, the food is not very good, but FiDi is mostly an Indian food desert. Of the three Indian spots in a 10 block radius of my office, this is the best. But that's not saying much. If you're looking for good Indian food, look elsewhere. They have a deal where you can get three vegetable servings, rice, and naan for $10. That is an insane amount of carbohydrates. I have seen them politely giving patrons $1 off if they forgo the naan. I asked for the same accommodation this afternoon and was denied. I've been there at least once a week for the past two months and it is insulting that they would not accommodate me. I tried to find an email address to contact the owner, but since none is available on their website I will publicize my grievances. There are lots of places where you can spend $7-11 on an uninspiring lunch in FiDi, and I won't be coming back.
I've gone here twice for a quick stopover on two separate weekdays.  The place is hidden from the main street, but the food is good.  The establishment is quite small but they do have seating areas.  I've gone to many Indian restaurants and they all charge a lot and for a small amount of food.  This place has decent prices and it's probably the one of two Indian places that I know of that doesn't give a mean look or ignore you when you ask to explain what's in a dish.  They guy behind the counter  (owner perhaps?) even lets you taste them before buying.  All the other ones in NY frown upon that or are very cheap with allowing you to taste anything. I've tried the chicken vindaloo - awesome!  Spicy - reminds me of a more spicy thicker mussels marina sauce I've had elsewhere.  They are generous with the chicken unlike other places which only give you one or two tiny pieces.  I've also had the chicken tika massala - just ok.  Not as flavorful as another place I've had it at, but decent.  This is probably dependent on your taste buds, but personally, it was just missing that small something.  Still overall good especially with the hot naan that goes with it.Other minor info... sodas are in cans and not fountains.  They close late, so this is a good place to go if you're hungry late in the evening (up to 11 pm or midnight?)  for a quick bite.Update:  I stand corrected on the service.  Twice more I went here and they had a slight attitude if you don't immediately know what you want.  Price seemed higher this time around too.  Perhaps prices went up?
Good chicken vindaloo; could be spicier, but they have it every day. Tasty and inexpensive with good service.  A winner for low key, good Indian food.
I eat vegetarian and the food is always fresh and tasty.  I know indian food and for a quick convenient restaraunt this place get's a 5/5.
Nice little place with excellent Indian food. I love the Makhani chicken and chick peas, my favorite. Just a hop, skip and jump from work.
Cheap, good food. I ordered delivery on a Saturday afternoon and was surprised when it arrived in under 15 minutes. The meal is a meat selection plus 2 veggies, rice and naan for like $8. I got a side of raita which was only 50 cents, whereas other places charge $3 for it. It came in a great sturdy divided tray, so all my mood was not mixing with each other. The rice was very light and perfectly cooked. My chicken tikka masala was actually great, the meat just fell apart and was very tender. The saag panner that I chose for one of my veggie options was seasoned well and had the right amount of spice. The naan arrived still warm (which was surprising because it cools very quickly) and was the perfect micture of crunch and softness. Not a bad joint.
Great little place which serves all the basic yummy Indian cuisine. Everything is always fresh which you see, someone is always cooking in the back. I come here once a week to fulfill my Indian craving. The chicken tikka is delicious (my fav) and all the other chicken dishes are always good too. If you are in the mood for biriyani this is the place to come. Also a good range of choices with vegetable and meat/fish dishes. This is best deal in FiDi for quick & tasty Indian!
Good food, cheap food, friendly food. A little oily, and the rice isn't special, and the naan is bit bland, but it's fast, lots of veg and meat options, and is tasty.
I went here yesterday after work after passing it nearly everyday and I was pleasantly surprised! The staff was friendly & nice, which is imperative for me when visiting restaurants. I had the chicken tikka masala, my favorite with rice & naan. Everything was flavorful and the naan was fresh and really soft. I certainly enjoyed my experience and will definitely be back soon to try the daily specials.
Excellent vegan fare.  Just spicy enough without killing you the rest of the day at work.  Cute place, highly recommended.  Nice staff.
The Financial District doesn't have a lot of options, so this place is pretty good for Indian food.  Roughly $7.50 for a meal.  There is a $10 card minimum, but they do have water available if you want it.  Pretty decent and I go back from time to time.  There are about 10 tables, so plenty of seating.  This is a sit down/take out place, so no waiters.  Worth a shot.
Favorite Indian food in lower Manhattan. Great for grabbing a quick lunch. I've tried most of their selections, and I'm never disappointed. Obviously be wary of spice levels if you are sensitive, but otherwise very enjoyable.
