So this place saved us on a rainy cold night when we had attempted delivery with failed attempts at a few other places. The hubby had literally given up and had resigned himself to starve for the night lol. I grabbed my phone and said I don't think so!I came across this place randomly and it had one of the faster delivery times listed ( which was still 45-60 mins).I got the pork soup dumplings and the lion head stew. So the soup dumplings were meh at best the soup aspect almost distracted from the dumpling as the broth was bland and the fact that it's a rather large bite made it awkward. But that stew omg yum! It was a GIANT meatball, like seriously giant! And it was so flavorful, the stew itself was more soup but came with a generous helping of bok choy and mushrooms and some glass noodles. It also came with rice which I found redundant but the hubby enjoyed dumping into the stew to get very last bit of the broth/meatball. Food alone I would have gone 3 to 3.5 but the fact that the delivery ended up coming within 20 mins made this a straight up 4 imo!
If you want to get some authentic Chinese food in the city, this place is GOLD! We had reservations on Saturday night for 7:30. We got there around 7:10 and we were immediately seated. We sat outside because it was perfect weather for it. It's a beautiful restaurant and a beautiful space. The decor and the set up has a vintage feel and I absolutely loved it. There was Chinese music playing in the background and between the hustle and bustle, it added so much tranquility to the atmosphere.The food was delicious! We ordered a quite a few plates: steamed soup buns, curry chicken puffs, dango pork buns, fish blossom, pan fried noodles, rice cake with salted duck eggs (my husband loved it but me,not so much. I was never a fan of any thing duck.) and the red pork with taro. Every thing was really good and I had no complains. My husband who is Chinese LOVED the food! I think that means a lot lol. Service was great as well! Our server gave us some options and helped us decide. We were there for awhile and he informed us that the kitchen is about to close and asked us if we would like any thing else. He was very sweet! I plan on going back :)
Authentic, delicious, nostalgic Chinese food. The decor is lovely, very vintage Shanghai. The service leaves something to be desired but they do have written in big letters repeatedly on the menu "NO TIPPING!" and the prices are very fair. We thoroughly enjoyed the scallion pancakes, the soup dumplings, the rice cakes, Wuxi pork ribs. The Yan Du Xian soup with tofu skin and pork, and the braised tofu were also highlights. A definite delight if you're ever in the mood for some Chinese comfort food!
This was truly a pleasant surprise. Most restaurants in TriBeCa are over priced and not always worth it. This is place is actually inexpensive and completely worth it.The restaurant stages authentic Chinese decor in what looks like a reformed warehouse. The place is packed at lunch and most people seemed like they come here often. Based on the food, I see why.I had a spring roll and an order of eggplant in garlic sauce. The spring roll was delicious and clearly freshly made as it was crispy and hot. The eggplant in garlic sauce was amazing. I normally don't like this dish, but figured I'd give it a try here and thank god I did. Just the right amount of spice and the overall flavors were delicious. Definitely a different flavor than other places where I've had this dish.The service was swift and attentive. Best part is they don't rush you at all. Most diners seemed to be there over an hour. This is definitely an authentic Chinese restaurant, and it makes for the perfect lunch. Def make reservations beforehand though.
Excellent Chinese restaurant near hotel I stayed at in SoHo.You knew this would be a good place when 99% of the other customers were Asian. Good wonton soup, great potstickers (excellent texture), excellent pork ribs, duck appetizer, and pan fried noodles. Sauces were light but very flavorful. Nice ambiance as well.
A friend held her Roaring Twenties themed birthday party here in a side wing room and the location was really perfect for setting the atmosphere - antique decor, a phonograph and bookcases displaying vintage knickknacks, like an elegant lounge from old Shanghai. It was family style with plenty of appetizers including Shredded Pig Ears in Chili Sauce, Drunken Chicken, Baby Cucumbers, Steamed Soup Buns, etc. Entrees included Pork Ribs, Chicken in Claypot, Shredded Beef with Peppers, Steamed Whole Bass, Eggplant in Garlic Sauce, Snowpea Leaves, etc. Each dish's portion were served in relatively smaller bowls compared to the usual Chinese restaurants, but they were enough to be shared among 5-6 people, especially when accompanied by rice. The quality of the food was great, perfectly cooked and delicious.The service was kinda odd, our server in particular. For a young guy in a food business, he sure acted like a grumpy senior. With a table full of half finished appetizers, he visibly looked frustrated when we told them we were still working on the dishes. Just as we were finishing up, he returned. "We really need to clear the dishes now. We need the room." Alright, no problem, man, do whatever you need to do. Whenever the other table erupted in loud cheers as the birthday girl went around for toasts, our server kept grimacing and making faces. I'm sorry your hearing is so sensitive, sir. I'm also sorry to say that your face is truly an open book; you will not fare well in a poker game. In addition to birthday cake, our friend also ordered additional dessert pastries and a big bowl of Rice Wine Soup with Sesame Balls per table of 6 to share since it was also tang yuan day. I don't know whose genius idea it was, but the servers decided to haphazardly set down an inadequate number of serving bowls to each table of 6. So 3 guests can have their own bowls, but the other 3 can just spoon the wealth from the soup bowl? Well, I was one of the fortunate ones to snag a bowl first so at least I can say that the tang yuan was delicious, like they were freshly made to order. Beautiful birthday celebration, great food, cute place, interesting service.
THE best Shanghainese food I've had in the US in 20+ years of living here!  (Note: you'll never get Shanghainese food in the US as good as it is in Shanghai.  So let's all be realistic folks, and enjoy it for what it is..). Shanghainese food is not as heavy in spices as your other regional Chinese cuisines e.g. Sichuan or Xian food, where it's easier to disguise not-so-fresh ingredients.  There's heavy use of soy sauce, a bit of sugar (more than any other Chinese cuisine), and food is less greasy and more mild/delicate in flavors. There's a couple of dishes that every other Shanghainese restaurant in NY fails to pull off, but these guys actually succeeded:- smoked carp - really hard to get right. This is a sweet/sour/salty fried fish.  Most restaurants make it extremely fishy.  - crispy eel - sweet/sour/salty fried strips of eel.  Traditionally I think they'd come with plain stir fried baby shrimp, to balance the texture and flavor.  But here it also works by itself.- sweet steamed sticky rice with red bean paste and nuts/fruits, really good- handmade sesame rice balls in sweet fermented rice soup - this was a mashup of two different traditional desserts, sesame rice balls + sweet fermented rice soup.  I've had better fermented rice but the rice balls tasted like they were made to order by hand.  So good.Other dishes also good:- Wuxi ribs - soft and melt in your mouth, cooked just right.- stir fried mixed mushrooms - a spin on a traditional dish of bok choy + shiitake on top.  Though not as amazing as other dishes, mushrooms were pretty fresh.(I peeked over at the next table and what they ordered didn't look nearly as good as what we ate - so I'd stick with the above list and use caution when exploring other items...)Decor was classy 1930s Shanghainese.Overall, the food reminded me of the what my grandma made at home when I was growing up.  (If you ask me, there is no better food in the whole world than grandma's cooking - tell me I'm wrong!).  All in all, 5/5, will return.
As a shanghainese person, I can vouch for the authenticity of the food here. I normally don't even try to eat Chinese food in Manhattan because most of it is pretty terrible. I believe the owner of China Blue is the same as Cafe China however the quality at China Blue is much better. Cafe China is not worth going to imo. The decor is really cute and the style is very old Shanghai. Atmosphere overall is quite chill, you'll see a good mix of people and there's also a bar area to the left when you walk in so it's good for grabbing drinks and food. Their pan fried pork buns (生煎包) is quite good and worth trying. I would avoid the spring rolls as the filling is a little weak. Their dong po rou is quite yummy, buns were soft and fluffy, could have used a little more sugar. The chicken and chestnuts dish was good, but a little too saucy for me. We also tried the salted duck egg rice cakes which was kind of average even though the waiter actually recommended it. The taste gets boring after a couple of bites so I would try the other rice cake dish instead; it's a shanghainese staple. Overall we paid around $80 for the 2 apps and 3 entrees which is pretty decent in Manhattan. Most of their apps are under $20 and apps are around $6-8. Portions are also decent for the price. They have quite an extensive menu (mostly entrees) and it's a good range of different types of poultry/seafood. Definitely recommend stopping by here if you're looking for quality authentic Chinese food! Can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes.
I definitely give this restaurant five stars without a doubt. This place is crowded and the food quality is always highly consistent. It never gave me any disappointment. The food is too good to slow down and take pictures, which doesn't happen very often in my case since most of my reviews are with pictures. The atmosphere is romantic in a way that makes you and your party very comfortable. The teal tone of the interior design is cozy and relaxing. For a non tip restaurant, they do a great job taking care of their customers. Remember to make reservation and the system will confirm with text message. Easy and accessible! All your party should arrive in order to be seated, so be on time for your table because this place is busy. Food, okay, it is excellent! No matter if you are familiar with this cuisine or not, it's worthwhile to give it a try. My favorite dishes include chestnut chicken, drunk chicken, all their soups, and salty eggs wrapped fried fish. It's rare to have some of their dishes even when you are in NYC. I'll definitely visit every time I go to Manhattan. You should too!
China Blue is super accommodating for large parties!! I came here with over 25 people for lunch following my graduation. My friend's family is from Shanghai and even they praised the quality of the food. We had two large tables in the back corner - one for kids and one for adults. We both ordered family style and enjoyed a wide range of dishes. They had everything from meat, fish to vegetarian dishes. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I q I It's a little bit pricier than your average Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, but you're definitely getting what you pay for - top notch food and service.
UPDATE!This place... I do not recommend it. The server ("bartender") Edward was the rudest staff I've ever met and I work in a restaurant too! I expected more from this place. As a fellow yelper, I read what others said before making my way over.I came in and I was impressed with the beauty of the restaurant. I was definitely in love with the ambiance and couldn't wait to try the food. We were taken to a small table and asked if we could sit at the next table or even the patio. Edward said he has to check the screen and then declined to do so. Hey no problem, but turns out we were allowed to sit at the patio with no problem! Some one else seated us outside so I guess he was irritated that other staff members did not acknowledge him that outside seating was permitted and he decided to take it out on two girls? So we sat at the patio, turns out, he was our server. His attitude towards us was already rude - we were ticked off. If you're not happy, why bring our mood down?I think you can see the picture here. He kept up that attitude when he served us. It was the start of the worst dinner service. I ordered 1 xiao long bao, and he did not inform us that he had no idea what we meant. Things took a complicated turn and when I confirmed the order he proceeded to argue about how how he isn't Asian and that He is Korean. (Literally face palm). My expression was that as a server who works there, at least know the menu and the Chinese name! It is a Chinese restaurant! He should at least know the Chinese name of the most popular dumpling in New York! He proceeded to give me more attitude and I felt almost belittled by him. At this time, I tried to calm the situation by being a little light hearted and making a joke with him but he just kept being rude. My friend came shortly to change the order and I felt that he was frustrated with us. There was Chinese words on the menu and we were just reiterating it. He just kept up with his attitude and truth be told, I felt like leaving. There's more to the story but to cut straight to the point, we asked for another server and a strong drink, I definitely lost my appetite for this place and honestly, I will not EVER return. I have an extremely sour taste for this place. I asked one of the staff if Edward was new as I would be able to understand and let my anger subside with a reasonable explanation as to why we had to be given a hard time over something small. Turns out, he has been there for a while and even the staff responded that it was just Edward's personality and they understood what I meant. Why would a restaurant keep him when he drives customers away with a bad mood.Ling was the new server that took over so I feel a little better but once you have a strong discomfort at your local Asian hot spot- your mood is highly disappointed. Food itself was alright and was not enticing. The crystal shrimp dumplings was very sticky (stuck to my chopsticks and plate). I could not taste much. The xlb was probably much better but nothing curb my appetite anymore. My friend was also in the same boat- disappointed. China blue, you have such a beautiful restaurant and such an amazing location but to be ruined by a bad apple..... not sure why. This place definitely made an impression on me- a sour one.UPDATE: the problem was not about the language as I speak English as well. It was about the server's attitude. See, the name of the dumpling was only a small part of the problem but it was the way the server handled the situation! Please try and understand from our side of the story as well! How would you feel if you pointed out the order and your server came to you with and angry personality and belittle you? That's the problem. I work in the restaurant industry too and no matter how upset I get with my customers, I have always tried to make the best out of every situation by being polite and nice.
Definitely thought it was gonna be some Americanized Chinese food restaurant and was happy to find that they served very legit Chinese food.The food isn't just Shanghaiese, they have a decent number of things on the menu from all over mainland China. Their smoked duck is absolutely amazing. The pig ears was slightly too oily but still very good. Also, they have some pretty special drinks on their menu. There's a page of drinks made with Chinese ingredients like lychee, golgi berries, etc.The prices were very fair as well. Our meal came out to be about $50 a person with a drink, an app, and 3 mains. We ordered wayy too much and took home a good amount of stuff too. The tip was included in the price as well.It's a nice place for a date night if you're looking for some real Chinese food in a nice clean environment in the city.
I pass by this place a lot and always see people going in and out, also noticed the 4 star review so I've been wanting to try this place. I was going to give 3 stars but decided to go with 2 stars. I did an order today for pickup- I ordered the shredded beef and pepper lunch special with spring roll and an order of soup buns. 25 min later I got home to eat and noticed my spring roll was missing and the soup buns weren't cooked thoroughly, the meat was PINK! I Immediately contacted the delivery apps customer service to let them know. After several minutes of being on hold, I was told the restaurant will deliver the corrected items to me - I told them that I live too far but they insisted anyway (they're in TriBeCa and I'm in gramercy). I gave them my address and they then agreed it was too far. Then then asked me to take a picture and send it to them instead and they'll remake the items for me another time. I told them to forget it, I just won't eat here again. As for the shredded beef and peppers, it was OK, nothing to rave about.I probably would have came here frequently as I'm always passing by it and rarely in the mood to go into Chinatown but after seeing their customer service, I'll pass.
Taste like Japanese Chinese that I'm really caving The  chinoiserie is my mood. Good for a casual date or girls night ... the location is pretty hidden between West Soho n TriBeCa , neighborhood gem
The sister restaurant of china cafe with authentic Chinese and shanghainese cuisine. The decor is old timey Shanghai and the food is incredible. We were here for a wedding and had probably close to 20 dishes. Each dish was delicious but my favorites were the soup dumplings and pork ear. If you're considering eating here, definitely do! It's such a treat and the food is exquisite. The lychee cocktail was super delicious!
Really yummy and authentic shanghainese food. Came here on Christmas Eve (made reservations via yelp). It had a really cute modern Chinese saloon feel. Lots of cute relics as decor inside. Great place to take your parents too!We ordered the shrimp, pork ribs, sweet and sour fish, string beans, 2 pots of soup, and a pot of tea. Bill came out to be around ~150 for a family for 4. You also don't need to tip! Their dishes are a little On the smaller side compared to the ones you get at restaurants in Chinatown with huge servings. It's more of refined dining experience with quality food for a good price!!
I left a pretty lukewarm review for China Blue's sister restaurant in midtown, Cafe China, but I will definitely have to revisit my rating because I was utterly blown away by China Blue. Tucked into a far West corner on Watts, China Blue is far off the beaten track when it comes to downtown Chinese eats but it's actually such a refreshing contrast to the screaming, packed, banquet halls of Chinatown proper, especially on a weekend. Cafe China and China Blue are both decorated with the same eye towards capturing the atmosphere of a Golden Age, thirties-era Shanghai tea house. There are varying shades of blue with stained glass lamps, a stunning glass-paneled bar, and decorative playing cards. But even though the food is undoubtedly Shanghainese, the cocktail menu reveals some serious fangirling over Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai's works (everything from "2046" to "In the Mood for Love"). The food diverges a little between the two restaurants: while Cafe China was more devoted to Szechuan specialties (with some misses, in my book), China Blue is all about Shanghai cuisine, which very often translates into the dishes carrying a reddish hue, a sweetness, and reflecting some kind of pickling or brine ("drunken"). The menu does list Szechuan choices like mapo tofu and kungpao chicken but I think you'll be doing yourself a disservice by not getting at least some of the Shanghai options. I always make it a point of starting with an order of the crab soup dumplings. They apparently just don't have the little clampers as a utensil so be extremely careful with picking up these delicate soup sacks. I prodded more than one into spilling the soup (the best part!) everywhere. China Blue's version is good, with plenty of crab, but a bit smaller than places like Joe Shanghai. More stand-out appetizers were the pickled cucumbers, savory bean curd wrap, and the braised tofu with king crab meat. The tofu was pudding-soft. I loved every one of the entrees we got but my absolute favorites were the fish filets in rice wine and the shredded beef with green chili peppers. I can't say enough good things about the fish. I've never tried food that's been cooked in rice wine before but it was a sweet, deep-boned taste. The fish they used was just delicate enough to pair well with the rice wine in terms of both taste and texture - a hardier meat probably wouldn't have worked as beautifully. The vegetarian at the table would love the bok choy and the sauteed mushrooms, which also come with bok choy. The only entree that fell a little flat to me was the crispy pan-fried noodles with seafood on top but only because it was very, very salty. My boyfriend liked it the best of all. And because we didn't stuff ourselves enough, we ordered the red bean and green tea ice creams. They came out in these absurdly small bowls so that each time we jabbed the spoon in, the bowl was in danger of tilting over. Get the green tea if you love your bitter matcha but I preferred the red bean for its hint of sugar. Three other notes:1. NO TIPPING. 2. Not all of the waiters speak Chinese so be prepared for some befuddled looks if you ask them for something in Chinese. 3. The service was pretty friendly (and all male except for the hostess, what's up with that?), though there were a few waiters who perfected the "looking anywhere except for you" expression. Would definitely come back.
I would say China blue is better than Cafe China regarding their roomy space, decor and service.  The Xiao Long Bao is just so so, not juicy and the fillings are too plain.  If you have tried the authentic Xiao Long Bao, you would know why I'm "picky"..the Wu Xi rib and crispy fish are tasty.  The same problem of cocktail with Cafe China.  It's brilliant to use famous Chinese movies/Xi Qu names as special cocktail names, buttt it appears they don't know how to match it perfectly.
3.5 for food. 4 for ambience. 4 for service. I am vegetarian so Chinese food food menu isn't something that one would find too many options with. Nonetheless, the menu is quite exhaustive to begin with. A very calm and bright ambience for lunch. The service is delightful.
Super-hip, spacious Shanghainese joint hiding away from the masses in TriBeCa. Stumbled in here after a river walk. It's a pretty space, ripe for large groups of cool young people (check). A melange of modern and traditional design elements, China Blue's intentions are clear: to elevate southern Chinese cuisine from take-out joints and dim sum parlors to posh urban digs (and prices).The space itself is worth checking out (I'll have to explore a bit more next time). Foodwise, I kept it simple with some dumplings (a must) as well as the Yan Du Xian soup: fresh and cured pork broth, bamboo shoots, bok choy and tofu skin. It's marked for 2 people, but anyone who puts away a bowl of ramen of Chinese beef noddle soup can easy dust this. The soup was savory and hearty, but not transcendent.Worth another visit for sure.
Really enjoyed my dinner here, particularly the Shanghainese soup dumplings - which were the real reason we came. Service was friendly, prices reasonable, and ambiance good.
A trendy-ish, hipster-ish Chinese restaurant. The food is pretty authentic. Value is not their strong suit; I guess that is the premium that you have to pay for the ambience.
Authentic Chinese food, trendy ambience, great service... Will definitely be coming back again
The pricing here is about the same as at any medium-nice midtown Chinese place where the idea of ambience means there are at least tablecloths. But this restaurant is in a beautiful, huge space and the food is delicious. These are some of the best soup dumplings i've ever had (and I've eaten at some famous places in Shanghai) and the ribs and Lion's head meatballs were all amazing. The restaurant also had very inventive cocktails. This would be a great place to host a party or special event. I've been to its sister restaurant, Cafe China, which serves Sichuanese food. Cafe China is quite tasty as well but China Blue is much more impressive in both food and decor.
An speakeasy on a restaurant format*It is my impression that China blue's put themselves in a tough spot. After all, Chinese cuisine, Shanghainese to be precise, is their specialty. A cuisine with unlimited offer everywhere in Manhattan, NYC .. (the planet?) and infinitely associated with rather casual ambiance and cheap eats. However, when facing dining at China Blue I don't think about a "Chinese restaurant" but rather a destination. And regardless of the cuisine served, the experience is unique among all kind that I have visit in NYC. China Blue's owners are well known in NYC's dining scene. Holders of a Michelin star in their sister restauran Café China, it is well known how exquisite is the décor choices to recreate the style inspired by Shanghai on the 30's. At first glance I was astonished to find such a big space, once again decorated so beautifully that I forgot about anything else for a moment. I had some trouble pairing the concept of intimacy and sensuality that China Blue evoke together with an spacious restaurant burning on life. However, you spent a little while inside and the trouble vanishes to find that the first, are prevalent over the former. Can you get carried over by the beautiful décor, the elegance and attentive service? Perhaps. But it happens that food stands out by itself. I can't really judge it's authenticity but then I wonder how relevant that is actually. Everything I have try is exquisite, delicate and brings unexpected flavor profiles particularly for those dishes that you can order somewhere else. For instance. Drunken Chicken, in-bone free range chicken cooked on rice wine is one of my all time favorite dishes and the best version I ever have. The difference? Flavor.  Similarly, Xiao Long Bao or soup dumplings stands out for their delicate dumpling dough along with flavorful and distinctive meat and soup flavor. Another best version I ever have. One of my other favorite dishes that I haven't easily find somewhere else is their Crispy Eel Wuxi style. Nutty, a bit on the sweet side but at the same time capable to create addiction. A must order. Other recommendations are Crab flavored "lion's head" meatball, full of flavor, among their most savory dishes with delicate texture. Asian Peppers a dish for the most adventurous, seasonal not always on the menu. It challenge even the most tolerant spicy eaters. Rice Cakes with Mustard Greens, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, Three Cup Chicken and Eight Delicacies in Spicy Sauce are most common dishes but particularly delicate and tasteful. I also recommended Dongpo Pork, poached pork belly with steamed buns, and their Fragrant Fish Fillets with Mushrooms. Both excellent. And a secret. Ask for a little chili oil sauce on a side to spice up the dishes that you desire.  My least favorite was perhaps one of the chef specials served during the summer: Pecking Duck served on bruschetta-like bites with a pineapple alioli. I found the sweetness of the alioli to overwhelm everything else. However, the accompanied side of deep-fried cuts of duck was excellent. For dessert, I found their Green Pea and Red Bean Cakes to exhibit an incredible texture, but rather too sweet for my liking. However, even when it also falls on the sweet side, I found their Rice Wine Soup with Black Sesame Dumplings a life-time favorite. It is served hot and it can't get more comforting on the winter. The texture of the rice ball and the explosion of flavor given by the black sesame paste is difficult to overlook.  And just for the record and on a personal note, China Blue worries about some special eats and so you can find vegetarian, gluten-free and dishes adapted to food allergies under request, like unfortunately I myself suffer. Also some menu items changes on a seasonal basis and when most stand permanently, owner and chef are continuously innovating and serving new offerings. * China Blue brings to the scene a rather unique concept that overpass the fact it is focused on Shanghainese cuisine. It is exactly what speakeasies recreates on the drinking scenario, but personalized on a restaurant. I am talking about traveling in space and time without actually leaving NY. A feeling evoked once you step in and confirmed by owner Yiming Wang as that being her intention. Her heart is surely invested at both of her restaurants . How much that matters for each person it is certainly different, but at the end of the day it doesn't really matter. Like the best speakeasies in town for drinks, China blue does so with their cuisine. Among the best food you can ever taste.
The decor has an interesting vintage Shanghainese feel. And the food, I mean, OMG. I can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars on Yelp. China Blue is legit!!! The duck egg rice cake, yuzi tofu and Ningbo ribs are all VERY GOOD.Will definitely come again next time when I visit NYC.
We had a reservation for dinner last night at 7:30, Chinese New Year Day.  We arrived a little early and had a couple drinks at the bar.  The atmosphere is very authentic colonial Shanghai (we all have spent time in China for business).  It was slightly disappointing, but the staff seemed fairly removed as they all wear high tech ear pieces and probably communicate with each other that way.  It was a difficult transition to our table as we may have been forgotten about at the bar, but we finally were able to transfer our drinks and be seated.  We were seated in a cozy corner and noticed like China, it was a struggle finding our waiter to order.  Once we finally did order, we waited for our dumplings for 30 minutes while the people around us who were predominantly Chinese were served their dishes first even though they sat down after us.        We had: - Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil- as expected, delicious!- Vegetable potstickers- interesting textures and tastes, could have eaten more!- Steamed whole bass with ginger- very light, delicate flavor.  Watch out for the bones- Sautéed Bok Choy with Garlic- perfectly cooked with the garlic- KungPao Chicken.  This is a heavier sauce dish with many peppercorns(?) that explode in your mouth and leave it numb for probably the rest of the night.  I am very used to and love spice.  But the taste of these must be something to be acquired.  I would definitely return, with my Asian friends.
I can't believe it took me 2 years to get here, but I only have myself to blame for not coming sooner.  This is, in no way, your typical Chinese dining experience.  From the get go, you are welcomed into a warm, well-appointed space tucked in the quiet Watts neighborhood.  Think of an old Shanghai salon meeting an airy Tribeca living room.  Just China Blue's ambiance alone puts it in a different league from any other Chinese restaurant I've eaten at in NYC.  Classy but not stuffy; authentic enough for dinner with Chinese parents, yet cool enough for a hip crowd at the bar. And onto the food... first up, super tasty soup dumplings, with the thin skin perfectly preserving a fully "souped"-up filling.   That they have "kaofu" on the apps menu is a true throwback to Shanghai "jiachang cai" (translation homestyle food).   The menu is curated with dishes you will not find on your usual takeout menu: Lion's head meatballs, braised tofu with crab (a wintertime favorite), and fish cooked in its entirety (read: bone in!).  It's no wonder that half the restaurant was filled with Chinese patrons, among other in-the-knows who want the real Shanghai deal.Some other reviews have mentioned spotty service, but our dinner was well-paced and efficient.  The only thing that would have upped the experience is comfier seating, particularly at the bar.  A few lounge chairs or couches, perhaps in the side room, would it really hard for me to ever leave this place.  And rest assured, I'll be back soon.  Probably with a petition for a new location on the UES...
In the same suite as Cafe China, this places gets a 5 star for its classic old Shanghai artsy decor, carefully designed dining experience, and jazzy old-school music; and a 3.5 star for the mild yet authentic food you could call chinese home-style.We ordered the most typical Shanghai/Ningbo dishes. Ordered them in chineses so actually unaware of the English names, but you can refer to the pic:) their Siumai dimsum was particularly good -- southern style with mainly sticky rice and some minced pork, wrapped inside a tangy flour skin. Mind you this is completely different from cantonese siumai. Definitely enjoyed the familiar taste!The general quality is pretty good, only slightly on the salty side. It's unlikely to screw up if you are simply looking for an original chinese dining experience withOUT menu items like general tso chicken. It is very Chinese though, so do expect something different from sweet and sour~
Everything was decent loved the stew chicken soup. Meals came with small plate so it was nice to be able to try more dishes.
Best Chinese food ever! Great service, nice atmosphere and amazing food. I usually get the lunch special but other dishes in the menu are great too. I always recommend this place to friends and colleagues. Their other branch, China cafe is also great.
Terrible service if you order to deliver. I paid 12 dollars +taxes + tips for a 8oz soup that looks nasty (Pictured posted). And I asked to return and refund. The owner wouldn't accept my request since they said the soup they delivered is the right order and it is just expensive since it is made of expensive materials. I am also a Chinese who lived 18years in China and I can tell you this is a TOTAL RIPOFF! This shows how dishonest these people are and how the treat their customers. I feel so mistreated and scammed. This used to be my go to place event though it was a bit over priced. But recently it has gone to a ridiculous extent. I will never order or come again!Update: if it is really some expensive material (cordyceps and cordyceps mushroom are totally different prices just FYI) you should really label it and tell custom that it is really small portion. And after I called to report the issue and the only thing I was told is there is nothing can be done. Before I post this on Yelp nobody even apologized. Indeed this is not suitable for delivery and I don't think it is too much to ask to return some food that I was not expecting.
Family lunch, highly recommend as a Shanghainese - authentic Shanghainese, good value, nice environment and no tipping
Easily the best Chinese I have had in my life. I go here almost every month and the food I order tastes exactly the same. I love their  hot and sour soup , the cucumbers, the buns, eggplant with garlic sauce and string beans. It is amazing how they keep their price low despite a lovely ambiance in pricey tribeca. To top it off No tips!
I've had takeouts from this restaurant for almost a week and it never disappoint me for once. I'm a local Szechuan person and this is one of the most legit restaurants I've ever been.
I have to second on those people who commented " Service: Very Very Poor". My family went there for a dinner, they messed up almost everything of the order - didn't bring a glass for the beer we ordered, walked away while we were asking him to pack the food. Instead, they have a bus boy bring in plastic bags and containers for us to pack ourselves. Everytime you need anything, you have to shout really loud for a few times, otherwise, no one will pay attention to you. Today, I ordered Zhejiang noodle and pork bun as lunch special via seamless. The Zhejiang noodle dish doesn't even have the traditional sauce in it! Not only it is not a "Zhejiang noodle" dish, it also tasted so terrible. I called up the place, and the person who claimed  he is the manger said, and I quote: " it is what it is", " This is how we cook it", "Don't come back if you don't like it". When I said that his attitude is not acceptable, and I will quote him on the review, he said " please go ahead and do it!" And this is suppose to be a manger? Did the owner even try to hire someone with the minimal amount of professional training? I haven't had experience with such bad service in this neighborhood ever. Indeed, this will be my last time visit china blue.
Service is non existent in this restaurant, the waiters keep ignoring customers. And I can't really say that the food is anything special at all compared to other choices in the city.  For the price they charge per plate and a very isolated location; considering service and food quality I can't really recommend this restaurant.
I love the food here. The dumplings remind me of Hong Kong and they aren't afraid to make the food spicy.  Very authentic Chinese food.
Friend took me here for lunch.  I was amazed at the space, which was beautiful.  Ordered the steam buns and shredded pork, which were delicious.  If you are wearing a suit, watch out for the liquid that will squirt out from the buns.  I dropped a star because of the time spent waiting.  We were there early and food took longer than expected.  Plan for an hour and a half to two hours, then you'll be fine.  Price is very reasonable, considering the area.
Amazing dim sum soup dumplings. I will likely return to NYC simply for the aforementioned goodies. I also suggest drinking the lucky lychee cocktail.Go here.
It's like an upgraded China cafe. The food is better, enviornment is better, service is better, with less customers.
As for Chinese food in New York, this place is definitely above average, the service is quick and the decor is elegant and welcoming. Great selection of wine, nice music and beautiful plates. Booking a table is recommended when not necessary.
Great food, great service.  A must for Chinese food in downtown Manhattan, and thankfully located in Tribeca where I have grown up.  Good for groups or solo.
I love the red pork with taro best. So tender! I came here just for Yan Du Xi'an, but the soup was not as good as such soup should be. Atmosphere was classical and the Chinese food could be counted as authentic.
Came here after spending some time downtown and returning to my friends place on desbrosses. We felt like Chinese food and she recommended we try China blue for the dumplings. I must say I think we ordered poorly, but everything we had was pretty good. Marinated duck, shrimp dumplings, whole bass (although I think it was really a branzino, would have been 5 stars if it was truly bass).
Very authentic shanghainese food. The only okay thing was the potion size. The potion size is slightly smaller than what I was expecting. But overall it's great food
Fantastic Chinese restaurant in Tribeca. I've been here twice - once for dinner and once for a weekend lunch. Both times the food was delicious. The space is in what used to be a warehouse that they've revamped. It's modern and big windows bring in lots of natural light. The tables on either side of us and across from us had groups of native Chinese speakers and that's always a good sign ;) Dimsum is only served for lunch, so be sure to check the website before making your way over. My dad and I had opposite opinions of our food. I ordered the steamed vegetable dumplings and they were moist, chewy and flavorful without being salty. My dad ordered the mapotofu and he said it was too salty and greasy. I didn't try any because it had minced pork in the dish. The vegetarian and gluten free dishes are clearly labeled on the menu.We didn't need a reservation at 1pm on Saturday -- since it's a big restaurant, there were plenty of open seats. Great spot for big groups.
Yanduxian is the best soup ever had....good decoration and environment
Wow! That crispy eel dish is so good! That's the first thing I have to say. As for the restaurant itself, I thought the decor was very neat, and the service was good, too. Some of the drinks were really pricy, but the food was reasonably priced. Everything we had was very tasty, but I particularly enjoyed the crispy eel dish, the scallion pancake, and the three cup chicken. The soup dumplings were only okay. They were a bit small, and the skin was too thick compared to typical soup dumplings which usually have a very thin, almost translucent skin.
I am a native Shanghainese who was born and raised there until I was 17. For me, it takes three dishes to assess if a restaurant knows the essence of Shanghai-style cooking: soup dumplings, sweet and sour pork ribs and bass fish blossom. China Blue knows it and delivers it well.The soup dumplings were very juicy on the inside fillings, and soft and delicate on the outside wrappings. This is what soup dumplings should taste like - on par with Flushing's Nanxiang Dumpling House and superior than any other soup dumpling dish I've had in Manhattan so far.Sweet and sour pork ribs weren't the best I've had - it was good and captured how sweet and sour flavoring should be done in Jiangsu-Zhejiang cooking, but the vinegar weren't as strong.Fish blossom captured the authentic plating and the flavor. Very delicate bass meat, complete with the sweetness of the tomato sauces. Very pleased.Also, the restaurant decor reassembles that of 1930s Shanghai. They put a lot of thought into staging that moment in history. Well done!
Love the dining environment, trendy, classic and cultured. Food is 8/10. Service is 7/10 (need more attention to the customers) ladies would love here.
This is a fantastic sister restaurant to Cafe China in midtown that serves solid dim sum. The special pot chicken was fantastic. While the food was fantastic, the one thing that made me fall in love with this restaurant was the ambiance. When you enter you're tossed back in time with the decor. It is just jawdroppingly beautiful. Beyond that, the owner is exceptionally kind about the restaurant. You can tell that he really truly cares about his restaurant by the way that he constantly monitors everything in the shop. I have to say, this restaurant impressed me so much that I kept coming back.
Unquestionably, there's no doubt about the fact that this is one of the most authentic and amazing Chinese restaurants that I've ever been to. The menu selection is amazing. Every dish is extremely tasty, fresh and appetizing.This is not only my favorite default restaurant in North Tribeca but a place that I would take anybody who wants to experience authentic Shanghainese cuisine.  They also have a great bar that is reminiscent of Shanghai before World War II.
Most authentic Chinese food in New York (along with its sister restaurant Cafe China) in a setting that is reminiscent of old Shanghai.
Came here for dinner last night for a friends birthday and apparently the owner of China Blue is the same owner as Cafe China (another favorite). The menus are very similar with slight variations but overall, the food was really great and authentic and relatively priced. Great for big parties too (we came with a group of 12).Highly recommended if you're looking for some legit Shanghainese food.
Dear manager, the waiter wanted to charge us $120 per bottle, or $240 for two. Along with that, there is 8.875% for the sales tax and your mandatory 20% gratuity. We did not want the corkage fee to be waived, but for profiteering off corkage fee from Chinese customers is uncalled for. And by the way, we asked to speak with you, but your waiter said you are helping other customer and did not even have the face or common decency to speak to us. If we were non-Asians, I am sure you would bend over backward to ask how we are doing, stop imposing on the double standard. Thank you very much.
Went with a friend today. Delicious and authentic Shanghainese food with nice shanghai-style decor (the Bund style I guess). I'm impressed. There are just so many dishes familiar to my eye to choose from. My friend and I were not very hungry and so we only picked three. They were all tasty and authentic. The soup dumplings are equivalent to Shanghai Cafe's according to my friend. I couldn't speak to that but I'd say the soup dumplings here are tasty - thin delicate skins with delicious soup (one thing I noticed: there's soy sauce added to the soup, which is not the typical way of preparing soup dumplings in Shanghai, but I'm fine with the added soy sauce.) The cocktails are all named after famous Chinese movies. We tried two out of curiosity and were not too wild about them.As for the atmosphere, unlike other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown or midtown, this is a nice quiet place if you want to actually talk with friends at lunch or dinner. I will definitely come back to try other dishes!
Good Shanghainese food and a great atmosphere!  Most chinese restaurants in NYC don't have the best atmosphere, usually they are pretty scary.  But this place is beautiful!  One of the nicer restaurant spaces I've been in.  Xiao Long Bao are good but not the best, they have a huge menu of Shanghainese hits which will keep me coming back.
Authentic Chinese food is pretty hard to come by these days in NYC. China blue's food blew me away! I should say that a lot of the dishes, even though they taste fantastic, like the 四喜烤麸 kaofu was great, but resembled a recipe/flavor from a neighboring province in China, not quite 100% thorough-breed Shanghai-nese flavors. The thousand year old egg 皮蛋 as well as the "three cup chicken" 三杯鸡 were delicious. I would recommend this place to westerners and Chinese alike.While the food came at a steady coordinated place, the service is pretty slow at China blue. They never changed our plates throughout the meal and you have to flag servers down several times before they can get over to you. I would have given this place 5 stars had the service been better. But then again, they are Chinese, so what do you expect.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
The sevice was very good and the food quite authentic.  I would go again soon.
Nice place and nice food! I grew up in Shanghai and I miss Shanghai food so much! And the dishes here are so authentic! Love it! Will come back!
Pretty nice and good food. And I am from Hangzhou, so I am very familiar with the cuisine which the restaurant comes from. It's pretty authentic I'd say. But the sizing is very small.
We were pleased that our reservation for eight was honored to the letter.    The food was delicious and the service appropriate.    We ordered a number of items to share, and the food kept coming.     Because the tables are nicely spaced, we were all able to hear one another and to catch up with one another as we very much wanted to do.    Everyone seemed pleased with this choice.   My two suggestions, one for the restaurant and one for YELP: (1) Serve more spicy sauce so it's easily accessed by all eight people; (2) for a group indicate whether the restaurant bill is being presented with a service fee.    Some members of our group of eight think we might have tipped twice because we added 20% to the restaurant total.
I really enjoyed my experience here. The waiter answered several questions and was so nice! The food left us very full without breaking the bank and everything tastes fresh.
I really liked this place!  It had a cool vibe and decorations.  The soup dumplings were so so so good!  The Dongpo pork was also AMAZING.
Food was bland at best. Savory tofu with shredded pork - I know this is food from Shanghai, so obviously not going to be as good as ma po tofu, but this was just disgusting. Fried rice with Chinese sausage - how many synonyms are there for bland? The Macao fried rice is cheaper and much better!!! Spicy beef - again, bland (tastless, dull, boring)At first, I thought I might have hit jackpot considering the prices (not bad at all for Tribeca). However, given the quality, I feel slightly ripped off. Not going back.
When I heard that the same owners of Cafe China had opened a new restaurant in downtown Manhattan, it was almost impossible to avoid. An initially mixed (and still mixed) pool of reviews was a deterrent, but after a good friend of mine enjoyed her meal here so much she organized a second trip, I couldn't turn down the invitation. Thus, on a weekend evening, I made my way over to the Western border of TriBeCa into China Blue.The interior of the restaurant is surprisingly spacious; high ceilings, a myriad of circular pillars, and a pastel-based color theme is persuasive enough to draw parallels to the bustling city of Shanghai in the early 20th century. At night, the restaurant is dimmed and at a dull murmur, a perfect place for a date or to unwind with a group of friends. Once our group was seated, we spent a few minutes going over the menu and deciding what dishes to order. As at most Chinese restaurants, the food is best when shared, especially for those who want to sample what the kitchen has to offer.To start, we ordered a few small plates for the table. The Drunken Chicken, utilizing free-range, bone-in chicken, was modestly but meticulously done. The chicken was tender and juicy, and each bite had the subtle, yet distinct taste of sweet rice wine, complimented by hints of ginger, and garnished with stalks of cilantro. The Crispy Eel Wuxi Style was yet another pleasant surprise; crisp and crunchy (and most likely double-fried), dotted with sesame seeds, it was a blend of savory and sweet flavors and solid crowd-pleaser.From there, we tried the Eight Delicacies in Spicy Sauce, a modified version of the popular Shanghai dish. While the sauce could not accurately be deemed as "spicy", the myriad of different proteins (dried tofu, chicken, pork, peanuts, dried shrimp, beef) were cooked in a thick, rich sauce and topped with a few pieces of plump shrimp and edamame. It was complemented perfectly by several bowls of white rice, which we all went through happily. The Dongpo Pork, accompanied by several fluffy, doughy buns, was also commendable. The pork belly was tender and fatty, and the mixture of soy sauce and rock candy it had been soaked in imparted that familiar balance of savory and sweet in each bite. The one bump in the road was the Chef's Special that evening, which came in two parts. The first, an array of bruschetta-like bites, which featured a slice of bread topped with a slice of green apple, a sliver of crisp duck skin, and a pineapple aoili. It was accompanied by a side of deep-fried cuts of duck, an attempt at utilizing the whole bird, but wound up being too dry and boney to be enjoyable.China Blue is not for everyone. The takes on Shanghai cuisine, characterized by a relatively mild, salty-yet-sweet flavor profile, are mostly true to their roots, but subtly pull in influences from other areas of China. For some, the price point may veer towards unreasonable, especially given the myriad of Shanghai-focused restaurants in nearby Chinatown... but this is not your typical Shanghainese restaurant. For the curious, my suggestion would be this: Come, try a selection of dishes, and let your own palate do the judging.
The food (specially eggplant in garlic sauce, my favorite), the subtle cocktails, the dedicated personnel, the intimate ambiance, the 30's decor: everything oozes finesse and complexity, but without the obnoxiousness you so often have to endure in a NYC establishment of this standard.
enjoying eating in such gorgeous space. food is the typical shanghai food and tastes just it's like in shanghai
I am Shanghainese.. I was recommended by a friend to try this place when I was homesick.. To be honest, only the portion of the dishes were considered very "Shanghainese Style" because they are extremely small portions. Dining environment was good, vintage Shanghai Style. The food was ok..definitely not as good as expected..compare to my mom or grandmother..lolThe service was poor..they NEVER change the plate for us..
Wonderful Shanghai food, very impressed. I ordered too much and simply just want to have all front the menu. Some were very local Shanghai food, which is definitely worth to try. Ah, home sickness now.
I loved it!!! I took my parents here for their birthday and I must admit we were all skeptical at first; but the food was very tasty. They also have a great wine menu, and I loved the red pea ice cream we had for dessert as well. Overall this is a great restaurant, my party and I really enjoyed ourselves
I remember the days coming here with my friends for something quick. I had a blast in terms of just the social experience I had here! The atmosphere wasn't too overwhelming as other Chinese food places in the area.My food experience here has mostly been with the dumping dim sum, along with the old style rice wrap in some kind of paper? But what matters most is the taste! Its absolutely delicious!I should probably start coming here more often again.
I really like Cafe China in midtown so I suggested our friend-gathering dinner here. However, it was disappointed. The food in general was a little bit salty and small size. Good ambience.
Very good -- services, food and atmosphere. My friend and I met at China Blue for a lunch between our flights -- him landing in New York and me departing, so we both had luggage. They have a room to store our things, with numbered tags even. We ordered the red chicken with taro and chicken with chestnut, and they were both really good. Unfortunately we were both tired and so couldn't order more :( Decor is very nice, and staff were friendly and attentive. A bit pricey, yes, but worth it in my opinion, and a nice way to close the year.
Service is teeeeeeeeeerible, super slow had to wait over 45 minutes for a side of bok choy and a side of mushrooms! Asked the waiter 3 times for food and he didn't understand and brought us a fork! Dumplings lack taste and had no wow factor! Restaurant is large and nicely decorated but that's about it and why I gave it 2 stars.
This place is excellent. Authentic food from Shanghai. Chili pork soup dumplings are excellent as are the minced pork and green beans. Attentive service, lovely dining room. Highly recommend.
I read the reviews and looked at the menu beforehand and was interested in trying this place. We arrived without reservations and were seated promptly. Our meals were delicious. I plan to go back and try more from the menu.
We went to China Blue on the weekend for a family gathering based on my daughter's recommendation,  Every one is very happy for the food, dining environment and service.  We ordered some typical Shanghai dishes. The ones we like most are kaofu, Soup Buns, Auntie Song's Fish Stew, Fish Blossom, Dongpo Pork and Egg Tofu with Enoki Mushroom. The dish portion  is little bit small. The price are very reasonable. We all like the old shanghai style decoration of the restaurant. The waiters are very friendly. We are sure will come back again here.
This place is almost the great Chinese restaurant I ever tried in NYC. I and a couple ordered 5 main dishes and three appetizers. It costed 35 dollars without tips for each. It's Shanghai food. I really love it! I definitely recommend this place for everyone.
We went there in a group of 8. Not so many people there compared with other same level Chinese restaurants, even on a Friday night. The atmosphere is very group-friendly. They have plenty of space. They serve Shanghainese food, which is southern Chinese cuisine --- food is steamed more than fried and in general no spice is used. Their main courses were well cooked, neither salty or sweet; very comfortable to take in a hot summer day.For after-dinner dessert, we ordered sticky sesame rice balls. That is a very traditional snack in South China, where most of us came from. They really tasted like home. After dinner, we walked on block to the river side. From there we walked to financial district along Hudson River. Pretty good after-dinner walk route, which is a plus to the food.
Highly recommend this restaurant. Decor is great, food is delicious and staff is very genuine and helpful.
Definitely some of the best Chinese food in NYC. On top of the usual and authentic family-style Shanghainese food, China Blue also has classics most wouldn't have thought of. Duck here is AMAZING. Way better than Peking Duck in my opinion. Best soup dumplings in Manhattan, promise. I had the crab soup dumplings and the wrap part was very thin and the soup was flavorful but not too salty. 100 times better than Joe Shanghai's. So many more dishes I can't remember the names of but there was not a single dish I did not like and I've tried dozens. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try more than spicy Sichuan food and General Tso's Chicken. This place has a cool rustic-Chinese ambiance, lots of retro Shanghai golden ages seating, some quirky decor, and free wifi.
I've been to this place many times and it's always got a consistent flavor. The non-seafood items are way better especially the pork items. There's also a lot of vegetable selections.The atmosphere is very nice and open as well. If you bring someone here, it helps if they're in the know about what the restaurant is going for; otherwise, it's just another Chinese restaurant.If you want a more upscale place for a more formal experience, China Blue is your place.
I went there, it was ok place food contains way too much sugar / soy sauce, I don't eat pork and I didn't end up having much choices. I had one cocktail which was ok but overpriced for its quality (felt like sugar mixed with liquor and juice). Service and ambiance are excellent.
Best Chinese in NYC (probably best restaurant overall).  So many great dishes, fantastic service (probably too good, don't need water refilled or plates taken away every 30 seconds).  Doesn't remind me of Shanghai at all, but food is authentic.  Also not very expensive either.
There are only two Chinese restaurants outside of Chinatown and Flushing in New York City that I'm a fan of, and this is one of them. It's a little expensive and the portions aren't as big, but the food is authentic and tasty. Stand out items for me were the kao fu and the Lion's Head meatballs. It's also cool to have access to a fairly decent cocktail menu while eating Shanghainese food.The 1930s Shanghai vibe China Blue has is awesome, and I'd highly recommend it for dates and group dinners for special occasions.
We've eaten here like 5 times at least LUNCH. It can be a hit or miss so order the following: (mostly dimsum)steamed soup bunspan fried dumplingssteamed veggie dumplingsscallion pancakesspicy cucumbersshredded beef with asian chilisauteed pea shootsveggie fried ricesalt and pepper fish filetszha jiang mian - a little greasy chicken and chive flowers - not the bestit's really nicely decorated place and large, perfect for parties and asian family gatherings.
As a Shanghai native, I claim this restaurant to be the most authentic Shanghai cuisine ever.It is not 100% same as what you will have in shanghai, but I assure you that it kicks every other Shanghai style restaurants's ass in New York City.Price is very decent. Must try.
I'm not really sure what the point of this place is. I guess it serves a very narrow niche. There are certainly better places have Chinese food... I mean places that serve better Chinese food. And there are certainly nicer restaurants out there. So I guess the only reason somebody would come here is because they wanted to eat Chinese food in a nicer than average venue. That said I guess there are a few places like that around the city already, but I don't know much about them.Service was pretty disorganized as a lot of the other reviews have indicated. My favorite part was when I asked for our pork fried buns which had never been served with our appetizers: the waiter said that they been served; I asked him if he had seen them on the table; He said that the kitchen had crossed it off the ticket and someone said that they had brought it out chart table; I asked him to bring that person out to our table; he said, "no, I don't think I want to do that". It was a pretty funny situation, but could've been really annoying too.There were a couple dishes I really enjoyed, but overall the food wasn't very good. And I consider the location very inconvenient.  Also, a little expensive for what it was, especially the drinks.
Delicious and authentic Chinese food. Not what you'll find at your average Chinese restaurant in the US. Waiters were kind. Decor is a little bate bines, but they had a fantastic selection of music for dining.
I had this place bookmarked because I am a fan of their Sichuanese sister (Cafe China) in Midtown.  And it did not disappoint.China Blue fixes one of Cafe China's main (actually, perhaps only) flaw: space.  The dining area is very spacious, with a high ceiling and ample space between tables.  You would find it difficult to eavesdrop on someone else's conversation.   While I am no authority in Shanghainese food, as I've never stepped foot in Shanghai, the food seemed very authentic.  The Lion's Head was very good...especially the bottom of the bowl where you might find a couple pieces of crab.  The shrimp rice cake was also a gem.  We also had a tasty fish dish that was marred only by the presence of bones.  There was not a single dish that I would deem below average.  All in all, definitely one of the better Chinese restaurants in Manhattan, both for the food and the setting.
China Blue definitely ranks above other Chinese restaurants in terms of ambiance, and the food is qualitatively superior to many other Chinese restaurants, too. In addition to this, China Blue has one of the most diversified menus I've come across in the city. Their dim sum dishes are also superb.As far as the service is concerned, I have been here often enough to know that service is excellent at off-peak hours, and understandably a bit slow during peak hours. My greatest qualm with the place is the music! The retro decor and dim lighting is severely undercut by the likes of Bon Iver, Sia, and other contemporary musicians whose lyrics cater to hyperbolic sentimentality and a 'trendy', for lack of better word, brand of romance. Personally, I think that the space would be best complimented by the sound of stringed instruments and/or vintage Chinese music.
Great Decor, Great location - OK food. but should be good for parties!I ordered fish - well cooked. reasonable price as the location. recommend for meeting friends.
I like the feeling in it ! And the food are very delicious! It's the most delicious Chinese restaurant which I have tried abroad!
Food is good. Shanghai or Jiangsu style. Hope that there would be more food in one plate. Food size is too small. Really like their menu especially for entree part. Different stories for different food. Very big range of music style haha.
Have been there twice. Both on Friday night. I wouldn't say it's a great place, but not bad for chilling with friends. Food- I was told it serves shanghai cuisine there. Have no concepts about Shanghai food, but in all I can tell the flavor is bland, seafood is widely used. We ordered 3 cup chicken, beef w chili , both of them r good. And also the soup buns, potstickers, just be advised, dim sims r served slow. We also had a soup which is amazing, called yunduxian. In all, foods r good, I would like going there more often to try other dishes.Service- I have been there twice, both on Friday, but gained totally different experience. The first time ,a boy who wears a suspender took care of our table. He is pretty cute, and all the recommendations he gave us r good. In all, thorough service at the busy night. But, the latest time, the waiter who served our table is ......, I don't know what to say, he can't speak English nor Chinese, at least we can not understand. And after 20mins he took our order, we wanted to order something else, we can't find him anywhere. After all, we found the boy served us last time and then everything went fine. Others- the location is a little bit hard to find but okay with gps. The decoration of the place is so nice! Just like 30's shanghai in my mind. The bar is sexy and also the bartender.To be honest, This place worth a three star and half review, but since the restaurant is still new, four stars r fair enough.
It's a nice place in terms of the ambience but the food was not as great as stated in the reviews. It may be my taste but in NYC I seem to like the smaller family run Chinese restaurants. There are some great ones in NYC. Another thing that was disappointing was the service, they took forever with the food and the check. Overall, I probably won't go again.
The place is hard to find, and the atmosphere is fine. Dishes are kind of pricey, but I can accept it due to its reputation. However, their food is not authentic at all. Compared to those Chinese takeout which you can find everywhere in the city, they serve "authentic" Shanghai dishes. As a person who is from Shanghai, I have to question all these comments below, such as "China Blue serves authentic Shanghai food", are you guys fking kidding me? Their American "Shanghai" dishes are rubbish and made me sick. Overall, if you are looking for real Shanghai dishes, this is not the place to go.
The forever best choice for a after work nice Chinese feast. Like all kinds of buns there. Do not miss the fish blossom and three cup chicken.
I had dined in this space a few times before when it was Capsouto Freres, which was tired and unappealing.  China Blue has given it a complete and inspiring makeover.   I don't know what 1930s high society was like  in China, but I doubt it had it this nice.  The food keeps up with the decor.  The food is Shanghai style Chinese, more subtle than the bold flavors at their Szechuan sister restaurant Cafe China.  The flavors of each dish are meant to pair with their meat and vegetables -- no 5 different combinations of sweet and sour.  The soup dumplings tasted straight out of Taipei.  The crispy eel is sweet and excellent.  The fish fried in egg yolk is light and delicate. And my favorite -- tofu in egg whites melts in your mouth with subtle hints of mushrooms.  I'll be back.
This was my first visit and I would return, or perhaps better stated, I plan to return. It is located in TriBeca, just off the Western end of Canal Street in Lower Manhattan. It's a great after work Chinese dinner location away from the crowded streets of Chinatown. The high ceiling interior in a renovated nineteenth century building with cast iron columns and exposed wooden beams and joist is very pleasant with relatively dim lighting, and sufficiently devoid of ambient noise for good conversation. The only caveat to that last statement was that this was an early 5:45 p.m. or so dinner date with my husband. The place had been recommended as having authentic Chinese food by a couple in which one was a Chinese national. The menu did not consist of typical and more popular dishes one encounters in Chinese restaurant. I ventured to try dishes I hadn't previously had anywhere. I wanted to eat vegetarian selections although that was a preference and not a requirement for me. I shared vegetable pot stickers with my husband from the Dim Sum selection on the menu, and for an entree I had Lotus root with scallions and ginger, along with Jasmine tea. The entree was served along with a small bowl of or rice. I was not disappointed from the standpoint of service. taste and the use of fresh ingredients. I was left with the impression that I should return to taste some of the other selections  on the menu.
3.5 StarsThis was a pretty nice restaurant, the ambiance is lovely with dim lighting and touches of 1920's Shanghainese decor (just look at the cute lampshades). The food isn't completely authentic or traditional, but the presentation is elegant. The daikon carved into a crane was beautiful. I tried some of the lotus root - pretty good, and the sweet rice wine dumplings which I enjoyed.The service was good - the waiter kept refilling my water glass.This place can be pretty difficult to find if you've never been here. I got lost looking for it and wandered around Tribeca for some time.
3 things I love about this place:1. Real Chinese food! 2. Great great setting! Hard to find in most Chinese restaurants in NYC3. Cocktails named after Hong Kong films1 thing came up little annoying.When I tried to book online 1pm, time slots other then 17:45 & 21:15 were all showed fully reserved. But when I arrived around 18:00, I was probably the only customer there.Wondering if anything wrong with the online reservation system?
I ordered a private dining room for a business dinner. All the clients are from Shanghai, and they were satisfied with the food and service.
This might be the best Chinese restaurant in the city.  It's a bit more expensive and offers smaller portions than places in Chinatown and Flushing, but you can tell where the money goes, and it's still a great value for the neighborhood.  Every dish we had was prepared with great technique and made with really fresh ingredients.  The soup dumplings are roughly double the price of other places in the city but might be the best in New York (but not twice as good). The "lions head" meatball and some dried rice with shrimp and sauce dish that we ordered were some of the best and most intricate Chinese dishes I've ever had.  This might be the only "upscale" Chinese restaurant I've ever been to in NY that actually tastes like upscale Chinese food I've had in HK and China.
I've been there 4 times in the last 6 months and the food execution had always been stellar. The space is extremely relaxing and beautiful. My guests felt that the music did not match the settings but it did not bother me much. The service was a bit slow and cold but will not deter me from going back or recommending it. Dishes suggestions : both versions of the soup buns, leafy green dumpling, the duck,the pork with preserved mustard greens, the eggplant side dish.
I'm on the fence here between 3 & 4 stars because it was Valentine's Day, and I'm sure they were busier than most evenings... that said, we had a reservation and we waited for a few parties and a "take-out" (couldn't find his on-line payment) order, and were seated.  But after we were given menus, no one came for drink orders, apps.. nothing.  After about 10 or 15 minutes, we flagged down a hostess and she sent someone over.    After that - food and drink flowed pretty smoothly.   We had marinated duck (yum!), soup dumplings (outstanding!), scallion pancakes (oh so light and crispy!) and the Pork w/Taro (ok).  I'd say, overall the food was quite delicious - the thing that could stand some improvements - Cocktails.   The cocktails were served in these adorable vintage martini glasses, and poured half full, which is about 4 sips if anyone's counting.  And we tried 3 different cocktails - which sounded fantastic - but tasted very strange, like they were diluted, or too sweet or too bitter.  I wouldn't come here for the drinks, even though they are named after Wong-Kar-Wai movies and the ambience of this place is wonderful.  It's filled with young Chinese patrons, which is great, and I'd definitely give it another try based on the food!
Beautiful place. Great staff. Professional service. Now the dishes. They specialize in Shanghainese food. Smaller portions than other Chinese restaurants, but can taste the superior quality. I took three guests here for a special dinner. This is a great place to showcase Chinese regional food to out of town family friends. We liked the fava beans and lotus roots for appetizer. For the main, we got the vegetarian fried rice, shrimp over crispy rice, Peking style pork with crepe, and garlic sautéed bokchoy. Our favorite is the sweet and sour crispy eel. You can't go wrong by coming here for group dinner or a private event.
Food is excellent - would merit 4-5 stars. Decor is equally nice. The real problem with this place is inattentive service. Once seated, no one asks if you want a drink, and staff walks past the table as if you're not their responsibility. When we are ready to order, we wait forever for someone to take the order. When we're done, it's impossible to find someone to deliver the check. And yet, we keep coming back. Our patience is always tested but, hell, we love the Three Cup Chicken, the pork dumplings in chili oil, and the phenomenal scallion pancakes. The staff in the kitchen is far more competent than the staff on the dining room.
Okay this place is definitely not consistent with their food. I ordered the Fried Rice with Chinese Sausage and it is now half the size when my friend D ordered it, meanwhile the price has stayed the same.If you're going to cut down the size, then the price should also be cut in half.
What a disappointment. I know it's never a great idea to go to a restaurant shortly after the opening but I really wanted to check it out because I like Cafe China.Tribeca is a great neighborhood and the space is really nice. Very high ceilings, spacious, the same retro decor. The bartender was pretty unfriendly and had a hard time keeping up with orders. They have a larger selection of alcoholic beverages here than at Cafe China.We knew service would be slow because they seemed to be understaffed. We were right- but understanding about it.The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) looked a bit weird and they ripped right as we picked them off the parchment paper. The texture of the skin was weird and you could see that the gelatin of the soup had not melted completely (not like it was cold, but it seemed undercooked). We told our server and he came back shortly with the steamer he took away and said the chef assures us it has been cooked long enough... That was a bad move- if a customer says something is wrong you should recook it and bring it back- not tell us that we are wrong.We also ordered the whole fried fish. It was actually pretty good but the fish seemed to have huge flakes for the small fish carcass that came with it. We were also expecting it to be cooked whole, not getting things that looked like fish sticks (though the batter was really good). The egg tofu with vegetables was nice because I love egg tofu, but it was not as good as other egg tofu dishes I've had. The clam and radish soup was a little bland.Overall, the dining experience was quite a failure but I'm sure it has room for improvement. It just needs a better management team and they also need to brush up on their food a little more.I'd like to go back in a few month's time to see if they do improve or not. But I'd be happy to stick to Cafe China, which is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in NYC.tckbelly.com
The location is a little hidden in cobble stone Tribeca and the atmosphere is what I would imagine is early 20th century Shanghai, which is all amazing. The food is great and is quite authentic from what i've been told. I would definitely recommend
Really nice decor, ambience and waitstaff.  The food, however, was just meh.  The eel appetizer was good, but a tad too sweet.  My entree was the pork belly and mustard greens and that was waaay too sweet.  A pity about the food because I would've given this place 5 stars otherwise.
Second time here. Shanghainese bok choy is good, definitely reminds me of the taste of hometown. Taro pork holds tons of flavor, another recommendation.
I would like to preface that this review is based solely on the food.  Typically, ambience and service are just as important in my reviewal process but had I taken that into consideration, my rating probably would've been 2/3 stars.  So yes, I feel that strongly about the food and I want people to try it.If you are looking for some pretty good Chinese food, come here.  Stat.  It's always been a struggle for me in finding good Chinese food but this place is it.  It's the best I've found in Manhattan.  There's a variety of choices on the menu (including dim sum) and the portions are massive.  Everything is insanely tasty.  Definitely order the duck appetizer, scallion pancakes and soup dumplings.As for the service and ambience, that's a completely different story.  This place has so much potential because it's in prime location and the space (loft like with very tall ceilings) is insane.  I'd hate to see it go to waste because unfortunately in NYC, good food alone won't make a restaurant successful.  The lights are too bright, the wrong type of music and the decor / furniture is a bit outdated and cheap looking.  I may sound harsh but if a restaurant is going to charge above average prices, and be located in TriBeCa then they can fix up the decor and make the customer experience worthwhile.The service?  Awful.  Especially when you compare it against the above average service in NYC restaurants.  I don't mean to sound like a snob but in a city where we have thousands of restaurants to choose from, service is the game changer.  We didn't receive water until 10 minutes in (mind you, it wasn't even busy), it was hard to get the attention of our server when trying to order / ask a q, and he was not attentive (e.g. Never bothered to refill our glasses w the bottle we bought).  It was just very very slow.  And at one point, when we ordered the more expensive bottle of champagne, instead of taking the order, he tried to push us to order the cheaper bottle.  Which to me was so weird because I imagine he was trying to be nice and tell us to be nice to our wallets, but his actions almost made us question if there was something wrong with the bottle of our choice.So in short, go for the food.  Your tummy will thank you.  But don't expect the customer experience to be the best.
As a Shanghainese who lives in NYC, i would say China blue provides most authentic Shanghai cuisine in the city. Their food remind me of my hometown.
Authentic Chinese food! Love the lotus the most. My friend and I ordered 1 and took out another 3 portions. The decoration is also beautiful. We came at noon, wondering how the place would look like at night....Would definitely come me back!
Literally a hidden gem. You would walk right by it and have no idea it existed, but once you open the doors you feel like you are in a traditional Chinese restaurant right out of Shanghai. Great ambiance and stunning bar setting. The apps are really delicious, my favorites are the pork buns, scallion pancakes and soup buns (soup dumplings). The main meals are delicious too, but I recommend getting a variety of apps, they are filling and yummy!
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the city. Yum! We can't stop going! The soup dumplings are superb and a must order! The crystal shrimp dumpling is fresh and delish! Don't miss the fried pork buns...!!!! The scallion pancakes are crisp and light. The chicken with scallions, beef with chillies and the shredded pork were all incredible. Run don't walk!
This is my introduction to Shanghai food and I love love love it.  Amazing cuisine with complex flavors.  The decor is 1930 Shanghainese which is romantic.  Noise level fairly low.  Full bar.  Great food.  I wish I could tell what food we ate but our Chinese friend ordered almost everything. The dimsum, pork belly, 8 delicacies pork with Taro, crispy rice with shrimp were fantastic. Wonderful service.
I should really give this place 1 star but i'm also basing this on a previous visit to China Blue.  The first time the food was great and the service was decent despite the reviews about how bad the service was.  I went again last night and took a friend who was born and raised in Shanghai.  The experience was appallingThe food was very hit and miss.  Only half the dishes we ordered were authentic, the rest was very Americanized.  As for the service, it was utterly TERRIBLE!!!!!  It took them 10 mins to bring me a glass of water and 15 mins to bring the vodka I had ordered, there were only 5 tables occupied in the restaurant at the time.  The didn't bother to serve the soup  and it was just left on the table.  When I asked if this was normal they replied yes but then did offer to serve it.  They left empty plates on the table and we had to ask them to remove the plates.  When it came to the bill (which unlike the food and service came immediately), they automatically charged 20% service which is something they only do if there are 6 people dining.  Firstly there were 5 people seated at the table and second only 3 had eaten!  This place has gone extremely downhill since I was there 6 months ago, that would explain why it was practically empty on a Friday night.  This place is extremely disappointing.  The food is hit and miss and the service is utterly utterly appalling.
I truly enjoyed my first experience with China Blue. We ordered 3 entrees to share and all 3 of us did not like the smoked tofu dish but LOVED the spare ribs and the chicken with chive dish. The manager came over and said it was no problem and advised us on another tofu dish which I will try next time. It was not that the dish was bad it was just not our taste. Great service! Will come back again!
This is the best Chinese restaurant in New York in my mind. We order the 栗子鸡 and 清炒藕片
My favorite Chinese spot when in TriBeCa neighborhood in New York. Wonderful noodles, dumplings and other offerings. It's clean and has a rather hip vibe for Chinese. The drinks are nicely poured and generous. Waitstaff are pleasant and helpful. I try to hit this spot whenever I'm in town.
Very small portion and all the dishes tasted similar. I guess I'm being charged for the decor?
Was here with friends.. The place was very nice, great environment and amazing food.. The service wasnt on point because the server only took the order and never came back to check on the table..
Pretty classy Chinese restaurant. I would say this is a good place if you want to take a date for Chinese food: good atmosphere from the low noise levels and decor, avoids the need to walk through the crowds in Chinatown, and the food tastes pretty good.Will you find absolutely authentic Chinese food here? Almost - my base test is if they can do 3 Cups Chicken right and this place passes with flying colors, but the Dongpo Pork was tougher than it should have been. My non-Chinese friends loved this place when we went here though.When I need a place with good ambiance that isn't Italian, I'll be going here.
I was amazed by Kaofu. It reminds me of the taste of home made food and my hometown. However, other than Kaofu, the rest of courses are not authentic shanghainese food. The soup should not contain mushroom. I can only feel the taste of mushroom in the soup, which hides the real taste of soup. The sauce is not penetrating into duck. The duck is supposed to be a cold dish, but it is actually hot. The tofu with enokitate is the worst. There is no taste at all. I even wanna ask waiters to give me some salt I can add it by myself. Xiaolongbao: they put ginger inside xiaolongbao which ruined the amazing part of xiaolongbao. Actually, people can adjust the ginger flavor by themselves by dipping sauce. Zaoliu Fish can save the entire course a little bit. It is above the average level of shanghainese restaurants in downtown.
This is a comfortable rustic style spacious Shanghai style restaurant smack in the midst of pretentious TriBeCa. The 3 cup chicken was scrumptious , ditto dongpu pork, even the brown rice was perfectly cooked.  chrispy lotus & shrimp appetizer was perfect. Service is friendly and unobtrusive , prices reasonable. Next time I'll try one of their exotic cocktails too. Very pleasant experience, recommended!
I'm in NYC for a week. Have ordered delivery twice. Both times the food was excellent and delivery was really fast. The fried rice with chinese sausage is great, as well as the beijing style pork in garlic sauce. I will miss both when I go back to LA! The pot stickers could have been fried a little more, but the pork filling was very flavorful. The Shanghai dumplings and the scallion pancakes were really good as well.
Really good! Crab with tofu was tasty! Did not really dislike anything ordered. All the dumplings has a good amount of a flavorful filling. Fish was cooked perfectly. Prices were good too. I would recommended it 100% to someone looking for good quality Shanghai Chinese food.
I don't normally prefer Chinese due to the smell of the food which is difficult to take for an Indian vegetarian . However to my surprise the couple of items I ordered were good like the scallion pancakes the veg fried rice and baby cucumber .quantity is small but good service . 48$ per person with drinks for a group of 12 .
Just ordered delivery. I've read great things about this place and have been wanting to try it...We ordered:Spicy beef- HOT and tasty, good portions of meat Fried rice w Chinese sausage- very tasty ShumaiScallion pancakes Hot and sour soup - not the best I've had but goodDefinitely a cut above your average Chinese take out place. The ingredients are really fresh and not as drained in sauce and oil as most other places can be. The meat is also high quality and you don't feel sick afterwards. Which is an important thing... Makes me wonder how I've eaten such nasty horrible Chinese food SOOOO many times in my life. The restaurant itself is really cool and unique in terms of the decor and has a great vibe. There's also outdoor seating which is on a quaint street and is a cute little patio. This is the sister reataurnt to cafe china which is a major Chinese restaurant in midtown so definitely lucky to have this downtown.
We ordered a 'green leaf dim sum', 'potstick dim sum' and wonton soup. It was great! A really nice and cozy restaurant. Doesn't look like much on the outside but nice modern (I think) Chinese/English music instead of cheesy Chinese Restaurant music :PWould really recommend it to people whom don't won't the standard tourist restaurants!
Shanghai style Chinese cuisine  locates in a quite neighborhood.  Yan du xian is the must have dish here and is really yummy. The vegetables are OK. Most of the dishes are a lit bit too salty.
Wonderful food, excellent service, beautiful ambiance.I found out about China Blue after reading last week's Time Out NY review.  I hadn't had real Shanghainese cuisine since I traveled there (and the many Chinglish translations I tried to decipher then were something like "sunny seaweed fishsnot in floating chicken cloud" so I often ended up pointing to delicious-looking plates in front of fellow diners to order instead).  It was well worth the small trek from the UES to this hidden place on the far west side next to the river in charming Tribeca.  This place was a far cry from that experience and the servers were all well-informed and had helpful recommendations.  We really enjoyed the old-Shanghai 1930s style decor with the elegant blue velvet benches.  The hostesses were most welcoming when we came in, and even honored a last-minute Opentable reservation for us. We ordered a few from the review including the crab soup dumplings and the Shredded Bean Curd in Chicken and Ham Stock, which were so tasty and light.  We also tried the Crispy Eel Wuxi Style appetizer (my fiance loves eel- me not so much, but these were a really cool texture so I had several pieces) as well as a traditional Shanghainese specialty, Rice Lees Flavored Fish Fillets- which was also like the others, "healthy" tasting and just delectable.   An added bonus was when the manager came by at the end of our meal once we'd paid and asked us how everything was, and how they could have done anything differently, or if everything was as expected.  We were so pleasantly taken aback to be treated so nicely as customers, and willingly shared our very positive experience with him, and how we found out about their restaurant.  All other restaurant managers should take note of this!  As a thank-you, he arranged a raspberry sorbet sent out with freshly and delicately fried phyllo-wrapped date cigars for dessert. The end our our well-priced ($34pp pre-tax/tip, no alcohol), elegant meal was a cherry on top of an already positive experience and we look forward to coming back to this lovely restaurant again.
We made reservation online for 3 people but was assigned to bar. There seems pretty of seats in the restaurant. The reservation system need serious work on it.
Such a great space, I can imagine this place would be perfect for a big birthday or celebration. I love the blue velvet booth chairs and the vintage shanghai cig posters everywhere. The portions came out very small, but the taste was big so I guess that helped even it out. I probably would not recommend coming here with hungry stingy people...Love the food, the crispy eel and jinjiangrousi was awesome.
I think Chinese restaurants are always caught in a challenging bind when trying to offer 'high-end' fare simply because the American dining population is so used to having easy access to cheap and easy Chinese takeout. It's hard to charge $12 for fried rice in restaurant X when you can get it for $3.50 at Oriental Palace down the street. Asian fusion places appear to be the only ones slippery enough to get away with inflated prices, and we all know most of those restaurants are shit. Sprinkle some ginger, sesame, and soy sauce in your food, call it something French and voilà, you've got Asian Fusion! Acknowledging this challenge and recognizing that perhaps it's time we give some Chinese restaurant a chance, it's still difficult accepting the same dim sum for double the price at China Blue. Most of the reviews here point to the fancy olden-style Shanghai vibe as a highlight, and I do see that. But a few chandeliers and an old typewriter don't justify the prices they charge here for above-average fare that oftentimes leaves you wanting something more than just satiation.I brought a group of 10 here on a recent weekend to check this new place out. It being a brutal winter day, we opted to order some jasmine tea for the table. For the $4 charged per pot we received about 10 tea leaves pitifully floating on the inside of the pot. Yo, I know I'm being mad Asian by pointing this out, but that's cheap as hell. If you're going to charge $4 for the lowest tiered tea like jasmine tea, at least throw a whole handful of leaves in there. Even my friends who DON'T drink tea remarked on how sad the portion offered was. And the entire place was empty. You've finally got a big group on a slow day-- humor your diners and throw them a couple more tea leaves guys.Being that it was a big group, we ordered most of the dim sum menu: 2 racks of xiaolongbao2 racks of crap soup buns (same as the above but with crab instead of pork)2 orders of pork fried buns2 shrimp shumai1 shanghai shumai (sticky rice, pork, shiitake musrooms)1 potstickers1 veggie potstickers2 scallion pancakes1 Chinese chives pancake1 curry chicken puff (wtf?)1 crystal shrimp dumplingThen we went to the main menu and ordered 2 Crispy Eel Wuxi Style, 1 Drunken Chicken, and 2 Lion's Head Meaball Stews.The total per person for 16 dim sum dishes and the 3 entrees and 2 stews? $26 a pop. That's a great deal to many, but in relative terms, it's pricier than what you would get at Jing Fong and Golden Unicorn, which are older establishments with essentially the same selection of food but in varying iterations. In addition, take into consideration that we had 10 people and that much food split among 10 will still leave some unsatisfied. I also noticed that if business is slow in restaurants such as China Blue, they'll straight up not have certain dishes. The head waiter came to me and noted twice that they had no more pork fried buns...which is a pretty basic requirement of any dim sum place. This would never be the case at Jing Fong/Golden Unicorn simply because their food turnover is so high that they have to continuously make these items ready for order. Some observations about the food: The xiaolongbao were definitely better than the ones found in most other places, esp. Joe's Shanghai. These were delicate but firm enough to handle. The pork friend buns were also great, but small. The pancakes were a bit dry, and rather heavily fried. The Crispy Eel was freaking delicious. I don't know if it was worth $14 as it's quite light despite it being fried, but man these were addictive. The Drunken Chicken was pretty disappointing and way too heavy with the alcohol. Pass on this one. The Lion's Head Meatball Stew was enough to feed 4 max, and that's if you divvy up the one meatball four ways...so it was also pretty small. All in all the food was mediocre to above average. The decor is nice though....but if you asked me whether I place more emphasis on good food or good decor in a restaurant... I'd rather eat in a hole-in-the-wall any day.
Quality ingredients and skilled preparation.  Nice presentation.Lovely room.  We spent a nice Friday evening having a nice meal and being in a comforting space.The food is almost exclusively Shanghainese, so, if you are not expecting that, you may be disappointed.  I prefer the intense flavors of Sichuanese China Cafe -from the same owners - but this was very nice.d
This review is for the lunch menu. Reasonably priced compared to the dinner menu. Lovely space. High-end Chinese food although I didn't find anything exceptional. 3.5 stars.
We went for lunch. Prices were reasonable food was very good and portions were plenty.
I am torn.  Though I still gave this place 4 stars.There are very (very) few good Chinese options in Manhattan.  However, China Blue delivers on the food and surprisingly good cocktails.  Came here on a Friday night around 7 pm, the restaurant is large and was 1/2 empty.  The wife and I shared 3 dishes, lions head (very traditional Shanghainese dish), pea shoots stir fried and fish blossom (another traditional Shanghainese dish).Lions head was overpriced and only marginally better than Chinatown.  You only get one meatball so it better be good and I've had much better (though never in Manhattan).  Pea shoots were very well cooked (kudos!).  So why give this place 4 stars?  The fish blossom was cooked perfectly!  Sauce was just right and the fish wonderfully fried to that crispy on the outside but tender on the inside level.  Because of the fish blossom and (to a certain extent) the pea shoots I give the food here 5 stars (though of course, that is taking into account the fact that there are very few good Chinese options on the island and I grade on a curve)Now the service.  Ahhh the service... wish it were better but what can you do... there are so few good Chinese FOOD options that I guess you just put up with it.  At least they have good cocktails too!
Lovely ambience for dinner with friends. My fav dishes that are authentic but hard to find elsewhere in nyc: fried lotus root, braised pork belly with mustard greens (comes with steamed buns) and drunken chicken (nicely done here).
Impeccable service. The food was executed so well and reminded me of my childhood. I ordered the soup dumplings and three cup chicken. I can't wait to come back again!
This place has very good ambience and staff is also very courteous. Downside is portions for food is very small. Never order a smaller portion here. If you are going in a large group then order quickly as they take some time to get it on your table.
Great ambiance and tasty food. Hostess and waiters were very pleasant and polite. Food was good, my only complaint is that they should provide a fork for those who doesn't eat with chopsticks.
There are two dishes at China Blue that you don't want to miss. They will simply bring your knowledge and sensation of Chinese Cuisine to a higher level - The winter melon soup with bamboo roots and Chinese prosciutto; and the Lion Head (don't protest if you are with animal welfare groups. It's pork). Try them, and maybe you will have beautiful dreams afterwards.
This place seems like a fashionable place back from the early years. The dining room is one like you have never seen.  It's has very high ceilings, old books, old lamps and even typewriters. The food is pretty good.  They serve crab dumpling soup and scallion pancakes. . Among the better dishes try the tofu,chicken and cured ham. Flavors range from salty to sweet to smoky.I'm not a big fan of eel but theirs happens to be good, very saucy, which helps me eat it.  They serve pork belly which is supposed to be poached and soaked in rock candy for 24 hours and placed inside a warm bun.I would come back to try the other dishes I didn't get to try. It's pleasantly surprisingly good.
Came for a friendly get together with some Chinese friends visiting from Shanghai. arrived around 6:30 on a Sat night. Not crowded, the service was fine. Ordered a lot of familiar dishes as I travel to China a lot. The dishes we had were very good. They had a friendly wine list, not overly extensive but it more than served the purpose. All in all i thought it was good and would return. I am sure there may be issues as the reviews said but I did not experience them. I will return and would recommend it to friends.
Not bad, just a bit pricy. The food is solid and legit Chinese. No wait usually, and pretty nice deco.
Went to their "soft opening" on Friday 12/13 and had the worst experience dining experience ever. An hour after ordering our food, the only thing we ended up receiving was our drinks and one appetizer (out of 3). One time the server brought a dish to us and asked my friends and I whether we ordered it. When we asked her what is the dish, she responded with "umm, let me get back to you on that." After speaking with the hostess and waiting another 30min, we paid for the drinks and wine (which every other restaurant would have comped given how long we waited and received almost nothing), we left. Definitely not coming back to this place ever again.To the individual who thinks my criticism is unwarranted, how is it ever acceptable to wait 90 min after placing orders to receive nothing except one appetizer? The right thing to do is to let the guests know that their kitchen never received the full order (management became aware of the problem pretty early that evening) so the guests can decide whether to wait further or leave. Not communicating at all, leading myself and those I invited to waste an entire evening is why I wrote the poor review.
What a disappointment! Small portion and premium price.  If the taste was good, no matter how over priced or small portion the dishes are, it would worth it, but that's not the case here.  For Chinese restaurant, the food here is mediocre.  You are paying for nice ambience.
I also had the same experience as a couple of reviewers here -- the service was horrible! The food was not remarkable. And, I never received my Lamb Cooked with Chestnut! I went there with three friends to have an early dinner. We got there at 6:30 pm. At first, the waitstaff was friendly, and the vibe was very comfortable. And here came our dumplings -- awesome! The soup dumplings were terrific, but I too wasn't impressed with the veggie dumplings (plain IMO).After we finished with the appetizers, we were expecting our entrees. Well, three out of four of us got theirs after about 45 minutes. Like the other reviewers -- not a word from the waitstaff, not a word from the management -- and not even as a gesture of apology... What kind of restaurant acts this way?After NEVER GETTING MY FOOD, and 2 hours later, we got the bill (which also took about 20 minutes). We then left back to Chinatown where we should have stayed to begin with...China Blue, get your act together.
Food 4Service 2.5Ambiance 4O/all high 3sThis is the tastier version of chinatown shanghainese in a much nicer setting.  Locatioin and signage a bit inconvenient, but probably worth one trip.Things to note:1/ surprisingly extensive and reflective shanghainese cuisine2/ some of hte food was indeed under- or over-seasoned, but net-net was worth the try3/ faves: lion's head (huge pork meatball slow simmered), pickled cucumbers, sauteed greens, 3 cup chicken (decent)4/ not worth it: soup dumplings, zha jiang mian (chinese spaghetti)5/ ambiance is "old shanghai" by the bundThe pricing premium is for the relative convenience of not venturing into crowded and disoriented chinatown plus better atmosphere.
Never again. We ordered to our office in Battery Park. The first day they asked us to call back since they were so busy they couldn't even take our phone order. The next day, we put in our order at 10:40; at 1:30 the food still hadn't arrived. We called and they said it'd be 10-15 more minutes. When it finally arrived, 2 dishes were missing and the soup was wrong. After calling to get our missing food they delivered and charged us full-price for everything. Those 2 dishes at the very least should've been on the house after what they put 8 hungry people through.
The food is super authentic and tasty! Definitely a great place for me to hang out with my friends. Will come again!
Went on Saturday night.  Food was good. Im not so picky with food, so to me it was good for the most part-Service was hillarious.  Sent out wrong food; Took forever to get food;; we got other people's food (which we ate because there was nobody to even talk to about it - so got lucky); drinks took forever; waiter said they had a policy that they didn't want to evenly split the bill on a few credit cards (i just looked at him and said he had a choice of being paid or not... then he took the cards); many other blunders; funny staff who i think are getting high in the kitchennet net, you can come to this place because the tables are made of nice wood, and there is lots of room to move around (not a lot of customers because of the reviews, I would assume)- might want to bring some snacks in your purse and a few airline nips to pour your own scotch.
This restaurant has the BEST dim sum in Manhattan. We tried almost every item on the dim sum menu and each bite was exquisite! The soup dumplings were to die for. We certainly appreciate the restaurant not trying to serve all types of dim sum but, instead, sticking to a few items they do incredibly well. Also the Lucky Lycée cocktail comes highly recommended. It also helps that the waiters are gorgeous.
Love the food here, service is good, staffs are friendly, only one little thing is that I noticed there are very few staffs working on the floor, it's a weird thing in a such big restaurant. My favorite dish is vegetable fried rice, best fried rice ever for vegetarian!
I want to give five stars to the ambience and three and half star to the food. I am pretty picky on Chinese food (Shanghai cuisine) and I was expected the food to be more authentic than other places since one of my friends recommended to me. The food wasn't too impressive and the portion was small. The fried rice cake and braised pork with buns are very delicious. Definitely a place worth trying!
Ermahgerd so good. I was there for a birthday dinner with a party of eight, and we ended up ordering a ton of different dumplings, pot stickers, apps, and entrees. Get the thousand year old egg: weird but addicting, and comes with chillies that give it an awesome kick. The dumplings were delicious, the pot stickers addictively so. The pork belly was also excellent, and not at all greasy. I also had a wonderfully balanced old fashioned. The decor is lovely as well, reminiscent of the 1940s. I do have a couple of quibbles, but not worthy of taking any stars away from the stellar food. The drinks were very pricey, with cocktails at $15 dollars; the food was more reasonably priced. Secondly, my entree order was placed on the table for general consumption, and none of the wait staff had asked to whom it belonged (as they had done with the entrees of my dining companions). Nevertheless, the meal was filling but not heavy, and the food absolutely excellent.
to the owner, i'm glad you are following up. i hope this gives you a chance to improve. a few issues specific to our service on sunday (Oct 9) night.1. our waiter was not attentive. for example, i wanted to order some drink and I waited a long time before I could catch him. And many times I noticed they were busy chatting among themselves instead of looking for customers, like myself, who needed help.2. you seem to have more bus boys than waiters standing around. and yet the bus boys couldn't do much except say he will get the waiter. 3. our main waiter, a slim chinese guy with glasses, had a very unpleasant attitude while serving us. he always rushed over and couldn't wait until we finish asking what we wanted. and I particularly didn't appreciate the fact i was speaking to him in chinese and he had to answer in english and yet he seemed to understood me perfectly. not only that but he appeared to be annoyed when i spoke chinese. he only seemed to have gained some comfort when i switched to english. not what i expected from a chinese restaurant. and quite strange esp when english didn't sound like his native tone.4. a couple of the plates/bowls still had some dry residuals. lack of inspection.now on to the food. but before I start, i'd like to say you have very unique/stylish/traditional decoration which we all enjoyed. the ambience of the place felt high-end. however, that might have set our expectations too high. we were expecting delicate authentic shanghai food. i have to say out of the all the soups (we asked for 2) and dishes we only liked the Fish Blossom and the Auntie Song's Fish Stew. Yan Du Xian soup had too few pieces of meat and too much other random things. Steamed Soup Buns had very thick skin. the dong po pork belly could have been more tender. Curry Chicken Puffs was rough and big and no where near what i had as a kid in sh. Drunken Chicken could have been more tender and more aromatic. Eight Delicacies in Spicy Sauce was a big mix of everything and lacked layers and texture.The worst was probably Sautéed Boy Choy with Garlic which tasted not thoroughly cooked and was a bit sandy.Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles was ok. typical chinatown quality so nothing outstanding. hope this helps :)
Excellent, authentic Shanghai-nese food and service.  It's really not fair to compare this restaurant to the ones in Chinatown - different level of decor, service, presentation and experience.  Had an excellent dinner and wine pairings with a group of friends, which is the best way to experience Chinese food.  The kao fu, fish fillet, braised lamb, crab & pork meatball and pork belly buns were all fantastic. Very attentive but not over-bearing service. I'd have no problem bringing my friends from Shanghai to China Blue the next time they come to NYC.
Having livedin China for 4 years, I'm pretty picky about my Chiense food. China Blue delivers. Lunch dim sum is particularly great.
I wanted to give this place a higher rating since it's newly opened and do have the potential to get better. Went with a couple of colleagues on a weekday for lunch. The restaurant was mostly empty when we got there. Amazing decor and space. Very pretty and relaxing. Service was good even thou the waiter seemed a little confused. Did take them relatively long to bring out the dishes. The three cup chicken is flavor but the chicken can be softer. Sweet Lotus dish is very good and authentic, so are the fried rice cakes and lamb clay pot. Generally speaking, the food is decent quality and reasonably priced. It's pricier than most Chinatown places but not by much. The lunch specials are also good value - you get a soup, a meat dish and a bowl of rice.Will likely go back sometimes as it's very close to where I work. Hopefully they will get on seamless soon as well!
Authentic Chinese food and interesting setting. Great variety and very tasty food. It's easy to find not too far from canal street stop. It's got a big open bar area and decent amount of settings for dinner. The potions are relatively small and its bit pricy though. But it's worth going once in a while.
The decor & lunch time specials are delicious and outstanding. However, the service is very slow.
Gorgeous restaurant, good food (some hits and misses), abominable service.
I loved this place in the beginning. It has the best "Shi De Tou", or rather, Lion's Head, which is really a meatball that is stewed in a clay pot down to a thick and delicious sauce. But, today, when I was there for brunch with my friend at 11.30, the restaurant was closed. Apparently, the employees were locked out of the restaurant, and they were not able to get in. At 11.40, the owners finally came and opened the doors. We sat at the bar, while they scrambled to get everything ready. And it really just went completely downhill from there. We requested to sit outside to enjoy the fine weather, but because the restaurant literally just opened, the tables were not ready. My friend and I watched servers saunter in at 11.50, with their coffee in tow and changed their shoes at a corner of a restaurant. You know, if China Blue were charging a lot lesser, I wouldn't mind. I wouldn't even blink at that. But plates here cost $12 - $25. And their first restaurant, Cafe China, has a Michelin Star, and has great service. But here, at China Blue, you have waitstaff tucking in their shirts and changing shoes right in front of you.Okay, let's give them a chance, some of the food wasn't horrible. It was actually pretty decent. The radish puffs were pretty awesome, and so was the "Xiao Long Bao", the soup dumplings with crab meat. But knowing that the kitchen just opened, I had a really hard time believing that everything was freshly made, but not yesterday's leftovers.Finally, the long awaited Lion's Head came. It was a completely different dish, and it was! There were two versions of Lion's Head, and the poor server, with a lack of caffeine, forgot to enquire which version we wanted. Well, the one we wanted finally arrived, and the entire dish lacked finesse, it looked like Guy Fieri attempting to cook Chinese food. Really? I just expected way more from you China Blue. Never coming back again. Period.
Best Shanghainese hands down in NYC. Beautiful big space. Excellent dumplings. Too bad it's in a bit of a funny location because this place definitely deserves more recognition.
Food was good - service was slow! They forgot two things off our order or maybe they would have arrived 1 hour after the check came - either way we had them removed from the bill.  Our waiter was extremely nice and was very apologetic. Would come back after they were established and could deal with the crowd. This place will make it - just needs some time to right the ship.
Traditional shanghai dishes make me feel like I was in China. Authentic decoration!! A great place to come back again!
This is probably one of the best weekday lunch deals in Tribeca. $10-12 for a choice of appetizer and entree. The Hot & Sour soup is exceptional as is the marinated cucumber appetizer. I recommend the shredded pork, three cup chicken, and spicy pork noodle entrees. Some of the nicest decor I've ever seen in a restaurant and the space is great for large groups. I'm looking forward to trying their dinner menu.
Although it is american style chinese food, the restaurant is tasty. The food comes in small portion tho.
Absolutely excellent dim sum, and the decor of this place is great. Just in case you are looking for the traditional dim sum carts, they don't have them here.  However, this place is not to be missed if you want some high quality excellent food.
Awesome Chinese food with great ambience! Soup dumplings rival joe Shanghai ! And my kids can't get enough of their scallion pancakes
Food is great...particularly liked the Winter Melon Soup and the Fish Blossom.Service is slow and somewhat erratic....could use some improvement.Otherwise, this is a delightful place with a great atmosphere
China blue is a very cute restaurant. I like the ambience and the vibe a lot. Their food and service are both good. The price is relatively higher than other Chinese food. However, the decor is beating most of the fancier Chinese restaurants I've been to. I went for lunch and would consider going back for dinner and enjoy their full bar some time.
Really really great Shanghainese/Chinese food in the area - for a delivery place it doesn't get much better than this. Very delicious, flavorful food. A tad pricier than your average Chinese joint, but then again this isn't your average Chinese joint.
Great Shanghainese food at a great setting. I mostly go for lunch, which I enjoy because it's relatively quiet and spacious; they also have the lunch specials that offer a decent selection and are very well priced. Recommended!
I enjoyed my visit to China Blue. It is still a new and upcoming casual dining place. I really liked their dim sum menus. Great portion size, and absolutely delicious. I had the Soup Buns and it was great, as well as the steamed bok choys. The green tea they served had an awesome scent and went well with everything. It's a great place to gather with friends and hang out, without having to spend a ridiculous amount of money. I would definitely come back to eat here.
A great place has landed one block from my place, it's Chinatown coming to Tribeca.The former Capsouto space is done in discrete furnishings, low lights, great booths and comfortable settings...private room available for parties.China Blue like sister Cafe China offers great traditional Shanghai cuisine. I return for Egg tofu with mushrooms, Lions Head meatballs, the duck and I want to return to try all other specialties.Its best to come with a bunch of people so as to sample and share several dishes.Dumplings are a bit pricey maybe compared to more simple places but they are good and some are served 6 to an order, others 4.Staff is young and hip but not overly. THis place will improve with time and if it develops like Cafe China on E37th, it will develop a following of regulars.
If it was possible to give zero stars - I would.  And I wouldn't even blink while doing it. This dining experience was a comedy of errors , but in actuality it wasn't even funny. The night began by the waitress taking us to a table for our 830 pm reservation  (I later learned that the hostess never checked us in for open table resi - anywAys not even a big deal as the night progresses). We sit down and begin to look at the menu. After 10-12 minutes our waiter finally came and took our drink orders and addressed our questions. Fault #1 - the waiter couldn't even accurately tell me differences btwn one dim sum to the next. We clarified to him that we had someone strictly veg (no seafood) yet he still suggested seafood items. Regardless took our order and went to get our drinks. Fault #2 - takes literally 20 minutes to get our drinks. Fault #3 - at this point it's been 40 min since we ordered so I inquire what the hold up May be. Our waiter assures us our dim sum is coming. Meanwhile no one is checking on us so our water glasses are empty and my friend has to ask for a refill. Fault #4 - at exactly 50 minutes later (I have a tendency to time these things when I first sit down) our first dim sum comes out - but it's only the seafood one so our veg friend cannot eat!!! Waiter yet again assures us her veg din sum is on the way. Worst part - shrimp shumai is lukewarm but regardless we are now starved and eat it. Noticing a trend? Fault #5 - 15 min later my friends veg dim sum comes. At this point it's now 10:10 pm and we have been seated since 840. We ask why our entrees wouldn't have come out w this last order of dim sum and the waiter blames it on a back up in the kitchen. At this point we ask to order more as things are taking too long and we are starved. Best part - he tells us the kitchen has CLOSED and HAS BEEN since 930. I'm sorry wouldn't you ask your guests for last call/dessert/etc? So we can not order anything else. Fault #6 - by the time our entrees come we are about to lose it. The 5 cup chicken was horribly bland. I ask to see the mgr. she comes over15 min later. I kid you not. Her explanation - the waitstaff is still learning. WAit - your staff said it was the kitchen??? Make up your mind. Icing in the cake - my friends had brought dessert to celebrate my bday and even after seeing the mgr the staff didn't come back to our table since 10:10 bring it over and we had to stomp over to the hostess stand to get it AND the check. Point being - epic fail. I often give people the credit of being new on the block - but the service and food were not worth a DIME of the tip we left.
As a Shanghainese I must say I like this restaurant very much, from cuisine to environment and service.   The crispy eel is very original.  Worth trying.  Will keep coming!
I had the same experience as another reviewer - never received part of our order, and no one seemed to care! The service/problem: We made a reservation for Christmas evening for four people. We ordered two orders of dumplings and four entrees. Our dishes came out separately and at random, with no particular order (similar to what you'd find in a tapas, or shared plates type of place). This is fine, but we were not expecting that type of delivery (nor did the waiter or the menu indicate it would be that way). After bringing two entrees to us, the runner asked if she could get us anything else. We mentioned we had ordered two more, to which she said, "Of course." The third entree came out about ten minutes later, and three of us slowly picked at our dishes in an effort to enjoy it while hot, and not make the fourth person feel too left out. After about twenty minutes, we flagged down the server to let him know one guest was still missing his food. The server seemed confused, and told us he would check. He came back ten minutes later with the receipt in his hand, saying, "Yes, I put it in, you can see it here. Let me check on it." We waited for thirty more minutes (mind you, with no one ever coming over to speak to us about it), and still nothing. At that point the other three had finished their food, and we were ready to leave, with or without the fourth entree. We found our waiter and let him know. He again just seemed confused, and said the manager would not charge us for the food we never received (which seems pretty standard to me). We asked for our check, and gave him the cards (no discounts, just charged for what we got). After another fifteen minutes he came back with the bills. There was no sorries, no comps, no polite words from the manager -  just a waiting game that lasted over two hours!!The food: Tasty, but does not make up for the experience we had. The soup dumplings were awesome, but the veggie ones were super bland. The entrees don't come with any rice - which would have been helpful to know when you're ordering just a plate of chicken for $17. We would've ordered it after the fact, but the service was so slow and so poor that it didn't seem worth it.  There's too many good Chinese places in NYC to deal with China Blue again.
Amazing decor! Very authentic and beautiful Shanghainese restaurant. I love its sister restaurant Cafe China but guess what? This place would be another favorite restaurant of mine :)
I just recently hosted a wedding banquet at China Blue for my daughter and her new husband. From the Lucky Lychee cocktails to the puff pastry desserts, and the authentic Chinese shanghai dishes in the middle, the party was a elegant and delicious smash! Thank you to the lovely YiMing and her professional staff for making it so!
The best Chinese food in town! I've been so many Chinese restaurants entire Manhattan, no even single one can compete it.
We live in the neighborhood and wanted to try this place. Walked in around 7pm on a Friday night and asked if there were any tables available. The hostess said no and there probably won't be any available. She didn't offer to put our names down on a list or for us to wait in the bar area. Just no. The place wasn't even that crowded. Bizarre service as stated below. We left and that was that.
It's a long time since I've  has Chinese good this good...Excellent ambiance...Service averageEnjoy
Carefully prepared, fresh, and varied. As someone who prefers Sichuan, I found the spicy beef not spicy enough, and the bok choy not garlicky enough. But the Kung Pao chicken was perfect! Really delicious but didn't leave me with the feeling I had just had something very unhealthy. I was very disappointed in the dessert, however - pumpkin cakes - bad texture and not very tasty.
I was there several times and I love their menu.  I particularly like how they prepare their fishes and serve many great tasty appetizers.  I love the crispy eel-  a little sweet and a little sour with the special chinese dark vinegar which is very good for health and cooking eel with it- definitely a delicious must have.  Soup wise,  I will recommend Winter Melon and Ham.  It has a very balanced favor and the melon itself is very moisturizing for dry winter like this.  Perfect if you want to hydrate yourself.  Their chiefs make terrific veggie and main courses and their desserts are traditional chinese ones and take me back home to my family. Love them all.  Last but the least,  the airy loft and high ceiling make such an impression of lightless that is hard to find in NYC.
I found out China Blue has updated their menu when I went to have dinner Tuesday. I love the Meatballs in Tofu Puff and another vegetable dish in Bean Curd Puff which was so amazingly sautéed that reminded me of the tasty dishes I had in China more than 10 years ago.I also enjoyed tremendously the marinated duck as cold appetizer and the soup dumplings and Chinese Chives Pancakes. The duck was so good that once we had to place another order as the plate was already empty before everyone at the table got a chance to try it.It feels very cozy and warm when eating in this beautifully decorated restaurant in a winter evening.
Beautiful place, delicious food. The service though, not so good. They left our dirty dishes on the table so long we finally had to ask them to clear them. But if little things like this don't bother you, highly recommended.
It was good.  Decor is great. Food is good. I personally prefer china cafe which is downstairs from my office. One annoying thing is that the waiter didn't speak really good English and when we ordered two Titos and tonics he brought us one that was grey goose and three dollars more expensive. Times two rounds. We didn't say anything but only tipped 15%.
Really nice! Love all foods that we order. Taste really authentic shanghainese foods. Will come again and again! Just try it!
We WANT to like this place! It is close by to our NYC apartment and has a nice ambience - kind of 30's Shanghai.  The food is okay - not more than okay - kind of bland and glutenous.  I think that being more familiar with Cantonese or Szechuan food maybe gives them an edge over Shanghainese (if that's what this is).  The noise level is fine - because while we were there on a Thursday night, there was only one other occupied table.  Wait staff seemed attentive but hey - they were not too busy!What's wrong??  Well, it is expensive for starters.  Pricey Chinese food in a town with so much good Chinese food should offer something special, which this does not.And the worst thing about the place - IT SMELLS.  There was a paint or chemical smell that we noticed when we first went there after it opened.  It should be gone by now - months and months later, and it is still very strong.  Kind of ruins the whole thing.
I live next door so I really want to like this place. But so far it has not impressed me. I have been there twice, and food quality/taste has been mixed. Some things on the menu are pretty good, some things on the menu are not so very good. BUT - overall it is too pricey. When you leave you feel that you have not gotten the value you pay for.
I am a great admirer of Cafe China, so I was enthusiastic about the arrival of this sister restaurant.  Upon visiting the new venture and enjoying the cuisine and space, I must say that it surpassed the expectations set by its predecessor.My first impression was of the ambience.  The space is generous and inviting, and I settled into the bar for a cocktail while waiting for a friend to arrive.  I made myself at home with a Manhattan prepared with rye, which I thoroughly enjoyed.At dinner I sampled the wonderful crispy eel, which seduces with a delicate sweetness.  The chive pancakes, in turn, were savory and satisfying.  The kao fu, a wheat protein dish marinated with soy sauce and spices, was especially good with the Brooklyn lager it was paired with.  The meatballs in bean curd puff were served with a rich and delicious gravy.  The dim sum, it should be noted, is handmade, which is to be contrasted with my experience in a number of other Chinese restaurants.I was frequently a customer of Capsouto Freres, which occupied this spot in Tribeca for many years.  China Blue is a most welcome successor to that beloved establishment.
Summary: pleasant decor, poor foodLocated in a landmark building the restaurant has high ceilings and a nicely designed decor. The food was another matter. The braised lamb with chestnuts was more like braised fat with bone surprises.  The spring rolls and the scallion pancakes, taste like they're from 7-11 They give you a stick of chewing gum with the check. The gum was fine.
I recently attended a large dinner here and was very pleased. The decor is hip and sexy and feels very much like a cool bar/restaurant you'd find in old Shanghai. It's a great example of an upscale Chinese restaurant with glamorous touches. The service was also very good - prompt and accommodating. Additionally we found the cuisine to be excellent - flavorful, varied and distinctive. Highly recommend!
Went there couple times, really special and authentic shanghai cuisine! The green bean cake is very very good! And if you are not a real Chinese food lover you won't understand how good this is!
Truly spectacular food.  We are true foodie family.  Everywhere in nyc and around the world.  We love China Blue.  From the excellent soup dumplings to the exotic eel and even world class wonton soup.  We have found a favorite for chinese food on the upscale.  Love love love this food and the decor is authentic and really well done.
This past Sunday I went to China Blue for lunch with a friend of mine (she had written a separate view on them under the name Jade).  I have to agree with everything she said and emphsize on two things: one, the food was really disappointing.  The "lion head" meatball came in a little pot and we expected to see some veggies at the bottom, a clean meatball, and some soup which is how the dish normally is.  When we opned the lid, the meatball has been so overcooked (probably leftover from the night before) that it was falling apart, so bad that it looked like someone threw up in it. Secondly, the whole place lacked professionalism.  From the late arrivals of kitchen staff (and proudly annoucing to the waiting guest at the entrance "our boss locked us out"), to changing shoes in the dining area, to not having any ice at the bar when service started... you get the point.
Best Shanghai-nese food in Manhattan by far. Some of the best Chinese food in Manhattan period. Lovely venue, gentle prices.
We accidentally discovered this place when walking around the area.  We LOVE the interior, very retro, simple but tasteful.  We already ate and decided to come back later.... Then fast forward, we finally got a chance to come back for lunch.  The menu was very traditional Chinese classic dishes, solid, not pretentious.  As a group, we were able to try a few dishes.  I wouldn't say it was the best, but I could say it was one of the most authentic good ones around.  We especially like the Kaofu, possibly one of the best we ever had.  The salt and pepper fish fillet was a bit disappointing--its flavor was too light for its traditional level.  After all, we had a pretty good time.  The service was a little slow, which could be improved.  We would definitely want to come back for other dishes.  A very solid traditional Shanghai restaurant--with too many pretentious "fusion" places around, this one is pretty solid.
Great, authentic food, nice atmosphere....horrible service and management - - such a shame.  Wanted this place to stay.A group of 9 of us dined there last night, we were enjoying ourselves and having a great experience, loving the food...but that whole experience went to waste when it came time to pay and leave.We spent 45 minutes trying to get our split charges corrected that the manager incorrectly split.  During our drama, another customer is overheard complaining about how unorganized it is.   We ended up leaving cash because it became so exasperating watching them try to void.  As we left, the coat check misplaces a coat, and brings another wrong item, just the icing on the cake!  Not to mention the bartender who watched a group of us sit at the bar, and never asked us if we wanted a drink!!  Shame, because this was a close to $1,000 bill with a group of potential neighborhood fans, who they might as well have thrown out the window.Reorganize!
finally a Chinese restaurant with nice decor, excellent food!
My 15 Journalism School alumni classmates and I had a wonderful experience at China Blue this past weekend...The event liaison helped  us choose an excellent banquet menu in advance. The space, set off from the spacious main restaurant was lovely, quiet,  and light,  the staff was attentive, and the food was excellent, varied (plenty of vegetarian)  and reasonably priced considering the quality, taste and portion size.  We appreciated China Blue's flexibility in allowing  us to substitute two dishes from a pricier banquet menu, and to add  dishes without raising the per person price when additional classmates unexpectedly appeared.  We ended up spending less than expected and had plenty of food left over.  For a party any larger than ours,  I might suggest bringing on  additional waitstaff, but all in all, we were very pleased with our experience and will go there again.
Best Shanghainese food in NYC. I brought a large party here including my parents, originally from Shanghai, and young kids. Honestly, we came with low expectations given some of the iffy reviews. Fortunately, those reviews are wrong, or folks don't appreciate real Chinese food. All of our dishes tasted incredible, including: salt and pepper fish, chicken with chive flower, soup dumplings, savory tofu and more. We were also happy to discover that the service is great - very attentive, yet understated. It's worth the trek.
Very good food,especially the soup dumplings. Great attentive service. Big cavernous place with a serene feel,
It just opened recently. The space is very impressive. High ceilings, open air, lots of seatings. We ordered the crab dumpling buns, that was really delicious. The nice juicy flavor that pops out of the buns. Delightful. We also had the drunken chicken. The rice cakes with mustard greens - not sure if it's meant to be lightly seasoned, but it tasted a bit bland... really want to love the dish, but too bland. The crab lions head meatball, that was W-O-W. Definitely the highlight of all the dishes. We also had Rich Lee's fillet fish. That's another thumbs up dish! We ended the dinner with the sesame round dumplings in rice wine soup with eggs. Another amazing dish. Need to go back again and try the other stuff that was recommended to us. The service was good as well. Glad we were able to get a seat as well for a late Sunday night dinner.
Disappointing. We ordered before the kitchen closed (which is too early for NYC standards by the way- 9:45pm) but still never got our food. We waited an hour for our bottle of wine and for our appetizer. Our appetizer was cold and we asked to have it re-done but the manager said the chef had already left. To make matters worse, the manager came back to us a few minutes later to tell us that our orders could not be entertained (other appetizers plus main course) because the chef did not have enough time to cook our dishes before he left for the evening. The manager then served us fried rice that he cooked on HIS OWN, which we rejected, then saw him giving to another table (what?). We got up and left. Never to return again.
This place is delicious and authentic! Having grown up in Hong Kong and eaten at any half-decent Chinese restaurant in NYC, this place is as good as it gets. All of the dim sum are made in house- the soup buns (aka dumplings) are better than any place in Chinatown. The veggie dumplings were delicious also. For dinner, we had the Dongpo pork (pork belly served with buns and bok choy) and crispy duck. Both were perfection. For sides, we had bok choy (great!) and Shanghai crispy noodles (not my fave, but my brother said it was his favorite dish of the night). Come here if you like (real) Chinese food. Period.
Went with a big group, some of whom are fans of their other restaurant, Cafe China. As we entered, we were warned by the hostess that service would be slow, which seemed odd because the restaurant was mostly empty. As promised, the service was not only slow, but also inept and indifferent from beginning to end. The staff  - strangely minimal for such a large restaurant - seemed to be confused and wandering around aimlessly, or staring at a computer system that apparently they don't yet understand. No one ever checked on our table unless flagged down. First round of drink orders took 30-45 minutes to arrive. Most of the food we ordered came out after nearly an hour and then appeared at random intervals, with appetizers coming after mains, multiple orders of the same dish coming out at different times, etc. Dirty dishes were never cleared unless we asked. At the end of the meal, it took about 45 additional minutes to pay and leave, again apparently because of the computers. Despite the fact that the service was clearly terrible, no one ever came to the table to apologize, and not a single item was comped. The food: good to fair, but generally unexciting and unremarkable, and certainly many times more expensive than a typical Chinese restaurant. Yes, the room is nicer than a typical Chinese restaurant. But with so many great (cheap) options in Chinatown only a few minutes away, it's going to be tough for them to survive, even if they do get their service together.
Greatly improved service and the food is now up to the standard of Cafe China, their other restaurant.  I had some of the best dumplings I've had. The soup dumplings, the vegetable dumplings, the pork potstickers, won ton soup, etc are just great.
I live 2 blocks away and have been for lunch 6 times. Tribeca has been crying for a decent Chinese restaurant and China Blue definitely fits the bill. I agree that the service could be better - even on a snow day when I was the only one in the place, it was occasionally difficult to get my waiter's attention. Personally, I think the food is delicious. Shanghai food is not intended to be spicy, and habitues of Cafe China who come expecting szechuan peppercorn buzz and chilis WILL be disappointed. Furthermore, quality ingredients are expensive as is the rent in Tribeca. I thought the NYDN review was a bit offensive - yes you can get dumplings 5 for a $1 in Chinatown and they are awesome for the price, but China Blue is no more expensive than most of the other decent restaurants in the neighborhood and cheaper than many of them. Why is it ok for an Italian restaurant charge $15 for Spaghetti Pomodoro and yet China Blue is taken to task for charging $12 for AWESOME soup dumplings? The list of lunch specials are generally a good deal. I LOVE the Shanghai fried rice w sausage, the Lion's Head Meatballs and all of the dim sum. In fact, typing this just made me hungry - took a break to fire up Seamless for delivery. Can't wait.
This restaurant is so gorgeous and spacious. It has unique antique pieces and beautiful light fixtures hanging from the high ceilings. We were greeted immediately by a friendly host and shown to our table for our reservation. It seemed as though everyone worked as a team, we had multiple people who were available throughout the meal to assist us with getting drinks/getting the check. Someone was always near by. We did a late dinner here and split a bottle of wine and dim sum. The wine list was awesome because they had food pairings so it made it really easy to decide what to get. We ordered the Chardonnay and it paired perfectly with the dim sum. The food was fantastic, everything came out piping hot and fresh, presented beautifully with accompanying sauces. Can't wait to return again!
First of all, NO TIPPING NECESSARY! Some of the portions may seem a bit smaller, but remember that you are not paying 18-20% tip. The prices are actually very reasonable.This is one of the few good Chinese restaurants in Manhattan. Honestly, most Chinese restaurants in Manhattan are god awful. You really need to go to Flushing for real Chinese food.China Blue is mostly Shanghainese cuisine with other popular Chinese dishes thrown in to appease the New York crowd. I tried like 10 dishes, so I won't review each dish.Kaofu aka Gluten - The antidote to the gluten-free-obsessed people. Most restaurants make it really sweet, which I don't like. China Blue is only slightly sweet. Delicious and gluten-FULL.Eel with Chives - Amazingly soft and delicate.Red Cooked Pork - A classic Chinese dish. Not bad.Xiaolongbao - No broken buns! Lots of soup in each dumpling, but the flavor was pretty average.Pumpkin red bean rice cake dessert - Pretty, but average taste.I will say that the service is dreadful. The waiters are inattentive and hard to flag down to order or just get water or rice refills (btw they charge for rice refills). They also claim all tables are reserved on the phone, but there were clearly empty tables, and we were able to get one.
In the moonlight, Cafe China looks blue. I'm going to call you China Blue.I saw promises of a good yelp review. Chinese people eating there speaking in Chinese gave it a plus one for the food. A wedding or baby shower type of event off to one side plus two for venue. Knowing that it's a sister restaurant of Cafe China, a Michelin star restaurant plus three for reputation. Nice little cobblestone walk up plus four for decor. And finally my parents coming in from home to visit me in the big city? Plus five.China Blue may live under the shadow of Cafe China, but it needs to make its own story. It can't be held back by perceptions that others have of it. It can't be told what to serve or what to do. It needs to figure out what it's called itself. The XLB is huge. Highly recommend. Other stuff is good too.
Absolutely amazing place! Came here for a business lunch today after hearing about it for ages. Ambiance is perfect - clean, not too loud, tasteful decorations. Food is delicious and authentic to shanghai cuisine, plus there's a portion of the menu dedicated to specialties from other regions in China. Very cool! I got the dongpo pork which came with those fluffy buns and was melt-in-your-mouth good, super fatty if that's your thing. We also shared the bok choy which was surprisingly light and thankfully cut into smaller pieces (so you don't spend forever trying to swallow the whole thing down at once), not too greasy or salty - perfect!Service was quick and friendly, very attentive without being too intrusive. This was a nice surprise seeing as this is a no-tip establishment. We even asked to tip because of how great everything was but there was no way to add it to the bill. Huge portions for lunch, so even though the food was awesome we still left with doggy bags (they even gave me an extra order of rice for free since I ordered it to go after they rang up the total- so sweet!). Will definitely be recommending this place to others and coming here more regularly.
Maybe the fanciest Chinese restaurant I have ever been to. very cozy. I LOVED their atmosphere. service was pretty good too. The speed for getting food was fast as well.We ordered Pan fried pork buns, steamed soup buns, red cooked pork with taro and fish blossom which were pretty filling for two people.1) Pan fried pork buns (4/5): It comes with 4 buns. crispy buns outside and moist pork meatball inside It was okay.2) Steamed soup buns (3/5): hmmm.. the soup wasn't even hot. This dish was the reason why they did not get full 5 stars. It was alright, but I am not sure if I would like to order it again3) red cooked pork with taro (4/5): not much pork, little salty, but very flavorful! It has more taro than pork unfortunately..4) fish blossom (5/5): loved it! absolutely a must dish at this restaurant! fried fish with sweet and sour sauce. amazingly good.I would definitely recommend my friends and people to this restaurant! You must try fish blossom though! enjoy!
Nice interior. Make really good soup. They also offer nice Chinese traditional dessert. Worth a try!
Wow, this place was really good! I came here around 7:30 on a Friday night with 4 other people. We unfortunately didn't make reservations, but seats at the bar are first come, first serve.Lucky Lychee - Mmm, pretty good!Steamed Soup Buns aka Pork Soup Dumplings - Get this! Has a pretty good amount of soup.Fried Rice with Chinese Sausage - This was pretty good too. I would say the amount it came with was equivalent to about two or three bowls of rice.Scallion Pancakes - Average. Probably skip this!Auntie Song's Fish Stew (for two) - I didn't try much of this, but it seemed fine.Fried Fish with Salted Duck Egg - For people who have never had this before, be prepared for the saltiness of it. For people who love salted duck eggs, get this for sure!Sautéed String Beans with Minced Pork - I love sauteed string beans, but this place does this dish extremely well. Definitely get this if you're thinking about getting a vegetable, but still want some meat.Three Cup Chicken - This was a little lukewarm when it came out for us, but still very tasty. I loved the sesame oil they add. Sautéed Rice Cakes with Chives - Not extremely flavorful, but a nice simple dish if that's what you're looking for.Overall, you can't go wrong with ordering anything at this restaurant. Everything was at least decent, with some items being truly taste. This place also has a "no-tip" policy, but the service is still great.
Foods good but not amazing.... we only order from there when we're too lazy to go out. hostess is so incredibly snotty in person and when you order over the phone. I came in to pick up my order, She was very cold and stoic, and snotty to 2 asian couples that were waiting on their reservations. I actually felt bad for them bc they clearly were very nice people. Dim sum was good but a bit doughy to me and it wasn't fresh. Tasted like it was frozen then steamed.My bf ordered their shredded chicken dish which was good but small serving.  Anyway, i had much better dim sum at Timothy Ho in east village... good food and good service. Nothing will ever compare to Hong Kong & Shanghai but TH is a close second.
Great overall experience.  Had a good time with girlfriends.  Authentic shanghainese dishes.  Juicy bun, kaofu, turnip pastry, shrimp and scallion mixed noodle, jellyfish all very tasty.  Place is big, decor is nice with old shanghai charm and services are attentive. Will be back.
Recommend the duck and egg tofu!
Definitely a big fan here. I came here every single time when I'm in New York.It is the only restaurant within north america (yes including Vancouver,Canada) that reminds me of my hometown.The ONLY ONE.But they changed their menu last year, my fav dish is no longer there =(Will give them 1 more star if they bring back my favorite 鸡汤干丝 :'(
I came here with a friend from work who is originally from Shanghai. She wanted to take me for authentic Chinese meal, since I've never had before! This place exceeded expectations. The atmosphere is beautiful, great waiters and staff, and the food is delicious! Also, there is no tipping! Unheard of in the US, but my friend said in Shanghai they do not tip waiters. So cool!I started with the drink 2046. If you like vodka, I'm sure you will love this drink. My friend told me that the drinks are named after classic Shanghai movies!For food, we shared a few dishes. We got the marinated duck appetizer. The duck is served cold with the bone-in. The sauce was so yummy! Next, we got the crab soup buns. They were basically soup dumplings with pork and crab meat. These were my favorite part of the meal! For our entrée, we split the fish fillets in rice wine. The fish was so tender, melted in your mouth! Also, the sauce was a bit sweet, such a pleasant taste. We got a side of vegetable fried rice to accompany the meal. For dessert, we got the pumpkin red bean cake. It was sticky, sweet, and delicious! A perfect end to a perfect meal!
Hands down one of the most authentic restaurants I have been to- I go out of my way out of Chinatown to get take away for my parents which are the pickiest eaters of Chinese cuisine.Must try's-Hot and sour soupRadish pastryRed cooked porkFish filet covered in salted egg yolkFish filet cooked in wineDesserts are a great way to go to, try the sticky rice with precious ingredients
Great for a date night, or dinner with friends in a more intimate setting. My favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC to-date.Space - Ambient, clean and quiet.Service - Very attentive and friendly.Crab soup buns - If you thought pork soup buns were good...Fish blossom - Nicely fried sea bass in sweet and sour sauce with pine nuts, carrots, and edamame. Crowd favorite. I love my seafood, and this fish tasted amazingly fresh.Pork ribs wuxi style - Fall off the bone tender. Savory, sweet, and cooked to perfection. Even the bone was edible.Shredded beef with Asian chili - Spicy with a touch of sweet.Egg tofu with enoki mushroom - Great way to cleanse the pallet.Sautéed rice cakes with chives - Nicely sliced pieces of rice cake with a hint of sweet. Love, love, love! Glad to have found this gem in TriBeCa.
We came to China Blue to celebrate our anniversary that night. I had heard of their new location in Tribeca and was hopeful it would match my prior experience at their midtown restaurant. We ordered some appetizers and a main dish. First the good: Overall, I thought the quality of the dishes met my expectations. They had a friendly and attentive wait staff which we thought was wonderful. The decor was imaginative and made us think we were in old Shanghai. The prices were also fair considering the location and interior design. Now the bad (very few):The ambiance, though beautifully imagined, left a little more to be desired. The lights were too bright, tables placed closely together w/ no real private spaces such as booths and dividers which section off parts of the restaurant. The AC was so cold for such a large place. We were both shivering while we ate. Lastly, the menu lacked vegan options, though they were accommodating and willing to make adjustments for us.We'll come back again most likely, it was an enjoyable and memorable experience.
While not the best Shanghai food that I have had, it was quite enjoyable.  However, the ambiance along with the food made it a perfect place for dinner.   The restaurant had quite a nostalgic feel to it.  I felt like I was in a restaurant in Shanghai from the 1930's that I have seen in movies.  The Steamed Soup Buns were quite good.   The skins were not too thick and it was filled with plenty of delicious juice inside.  A must try!
A great place with a very fancy bar. My favorite entree was the Shredded Eel Sautéed with Chives. See photos below.
3.5 for food and 0.5 extra for the ambience and decor. A very well designed space that blends industrial and modern Chinese vintage. They also serve many good Shanghainese food. Definitely worth trying and I went there twice.
The owner of the restaurant use Jiawei Wang's movie name as their name of wine. So creative.The food in China Blue is very Chinese! Love it.
Came for an early dinner on a Friday night and was so pleased. The interior has touches of vintage Shanghai living room, but the dining area is very bright and open. The service was great- our waiter noticed a chip in my water glass and immediately replaced it without saying a word. The cocktails included some great classics and a few unique ones. I had the Peony Pavilion, which is something of a hot toddy and my discerning companion had the 2046, which was citrusy and lovely.We had radish puffs, which were flaky little pastries stuffed with a starchy mashed radish, bits of ham and scallion. Delicious.The Dongpo Pork, a platter of luscious chunks of pork belly and baby bok choy tossed in a slightly sweet brown sauce, came with a batch of freshly steamed buns. We assembled the most gorgeous little meat sammies, with plenty of meat left over once we made our way through all of the buns. We ordered a side of vegetable rice and the most perfect little pumpkin donuts filled with red bean paste for dessert.We paid $40 each for what felt like an unpretentious yet upscale experience and full bellies.
Now i've tried both China blue and parent restaurant Cafe China in midtown. Both are exceptional "fancy" chinese food. #crispy eel appetizer: this is a must try. as all the other reviews states, super addictive. for people who've never tried eel before, this is a good gateway dish.#shredded beef with asian chili: a classic chinese dish, beef is tender, peppers mildy spicy, as good a take as any i've had#red cooked pork with taro: pork/pork belly is tender and juicy and flavors ares savory sweet. my only complaint would be that the tar was somewhat dense/dry.#eggplant with garlic sauce: another classic, china blue's take is on the sweet side. but eggplant is cooked well, comes out piping hot (watch your tongue!). wish it were slightly less sweet and perhaps had some ground pork#spring rolls: meh... my little brother ordered these, i wouldn't get them.#shanghai panfried noodles: even more meh: really didn't like this dish. sauce was very bland, just tasted like starch.OVERALL: very solid chinese food in a nicer setting. also try the cocktails, though NYC pricey.
This place really elevates dim sum style cuisine. It takes all the flavors typically present and uses them in a subtle manner that lends itself to a delicate sophistication. I got the soup dumpling with pork. They were small, and very flavorful. The baby cucumbers has a subtle smokiness/sweetness to them, with a nice crunch. The green tea was strong and perfectly complimented the flavors of the dumplings and cucumbers. My bestie got vegetable pot stickers that were dominated by the green vegetables, such as spinach, with a strong radish or horseradish component. The dessert I got, pumpkin sticky rice, encasing red bean paste was  underwhelming, though the presentation was nice, it could have benefitted from a bit more sweetness. The Vietnamese coffee was absolutely fantastic. Overall this was a very successful, and unexpected dinner.PS. The sheer amount of cucumbers is overwhelming. Well, it better be for the price.
I usually don't like Chinese food but I would definitely return. What makes this place stand out in my mind is that the dishes tasted like authentic Chinese food but without the grease!!! And who wouldn't love being able to order dim sum during any part of the day!!!I came for a birthday celebration so there was about 10 of us. Hence I was able to try a bunch of dishes. (Probably at least 10) Everything we ordered was tasty and as I mentioned above, tasted authentic. There wasn't really a dish that stood out and is a must order. However I usually don't like fish and I liked this fish that tasted sweet and sour (I didn't do the ordering so I don't know the name of the dish). The fish was really tender and cooked well. There was also a fried fish with a spicy sauce. I enjoyed that as well
OMG. I really, really enjoyed every part of my meal here. I work a short distance away and went for lunch with a friend. It is so nice and quiet in that area of Tribeca. The only indication that you reached the restaurant is the small-ish sign next to the door. Inside is very nicely decorated and it is spacious.I had the spicy pork noodles and they were amazing. Really flavorful. The service and general atmosphere was great. I can't wait to go back.
Rushed here in traffic and arrived at 9:45 to be told they were closed and the kitchen is closing.  Alright change your hours so I don't make the drive here only to be disappointed.  I was under the assumption if you say you're closing at 10:30 the kitchen would at least be open until 10!  Anyone reading this review, don't try dining here at night unless you call ahead!
I never write reviews but this is one of my favorite Shanghai style Chinese restaurant in United States, very authentic! I picked all the dishes that grew up with me. I ordered what my grandmother would make for me back in Shanghai, and all the dishes did not let me down. So good! Highly recommend!!!!
China Blue's menu is like a mini Chinese cuisine Wikipedia - they offer a wide range of dishes from different parts of China, mostly focused on Shanghai and GuangZhou areas. I watched the Taiwan version Lonely Gourmet and had strong craving towards many classic Chinese dishes in it. Luckily I found most of them at China Blue with great quality and taste!Lunch set is a good deal - baby main dish with rice plus a marinated cucumber appetizer/hot sour soup.
This is one of the most beautiful restaurants  I have been to in Manhattan, high ceilings, pre war, the works. China blue has kept the vintage industrial feel of the place alive. The food is pretty spectacular, some of the best Shanghai food I have had in Manhattan. I went with a group 5 vegetarians. We started with the leafy dumplings,these spinach and mushroom filled dumplings are spectacular. I asked for their amazing chili oil and it made the dumplings even better. We also had the bean curd in chili oil, scallion pancakes and vegetable potstickers, all of it was really really good. For the main course, we had the Shanghai pan fried noodles, if you haven't tried this, you really must, its fried noodles doused with a really tasty gravy. I had their Kung pao chicken, the only non vegetarian dish I tried, it was pretty amazing. They don't serve rice with any of their entrees, so you will have to get it separately. Their fried rice is really really good. We also tried their lotus root which was nice. Their desserts unfortunately weren't my fav, both the desserts we tried, the pumpkin donut and red bean puff had the same filling, sweet red bean paste. I am not a fan. A spectacular meal, which wasn't too expensive, considering the amount of food we had. For 5 people without drinks the total was 125$. They don't want you to tip and the service is really good. I cannot wait to go back.
We had the fried rice and Chinese sausage, spring rolls and the Asian chili beef, I was a little disappointed by how bland the food was, when I mixed some of the spicy Asian chili beef with my rice it made it better but the rice by itself is definitely lacking in flavor. The spring rolls were tasty but the sauce was almost bitter, not good at all. Overall it was ok, not bad but I probably won't be coming back.
I met up with two foodie friends one summer weekend evening, and I knew I was going to be in for a treat. However, I didn't know how much of a treat!So much of the awesomeness of this spot comes from the vibe. It's been a long time since I've been in such an elegant space to chow down. The dark wood with the high ceilings plus thoughtful accents with lamps and hangings just makes the space feel so grand.  The food definitely upped the experience even more. We got the blossom fish, a full fish that was flaky and in an awesome sauce. I could have eaten 10 more of them. We also got a pork and taro dish as well as an eggplant dish. They were rich in flavor without being too heavy. They were elegant and well thought out - just like the space. If you want to impress someone and eat well, this is definitely a great option. You will not be disappointed.
Soup dumplings were terrific as were fish blossom. Duck was ok. Had to edit review as two of the party had stomach aches that same night.
Yes, I completely agree with fair labor and I don't disagree with the trend that some NY restaurants are starting to do by including gratuity in the base price of the meal. What I do not excuse is scrappy service in lieu of this philosophy.  It took 10 minutes after sitting down to get our orders in (even for water), and I had to physically walk up to the hostess desk to ask them for a server. We order the crab and pork soup dumplings which were ok - I feel like there are better, smaller, thinner, soupier dumplings in Chinatown. Also - the type of meat they utilized for the pork was too dry for me. The string beans and pork were crunchy and delicious, but way too salty! The pan-fried noodles were delicious, but wish there was more noodle to sauce ratio. The ingredients here were fresh, but execution of dishes were ok (some dishes saltier while others, not flavored enough). I would not come back here based on the good and service.
Absolutely great meal at China Blue. I came with a large group of 12 and was seated with no issue once the whole party arrived. The food menu was very easy to order off of for us to eat family style, the only thing I wish we had was a traditional round table as the long table was hard for us to pass food around on. We had no issues with the service. After we were seated we ordered promptly and the food came with no issues at all. I can't speak to everything that was ordered (it was hard to pass certain foods and I just gave up on trying everything unfortunately) but everything I ate was great. I can consider this a very traditional Chinese flavor for the dishes that you could find in a home-cooked meal.I'm hoping to come back again so I can try more specific items on the menu that I want versus this time where one friend just ordered for the table. Will update the review accordingly when I return! But until then, this place definitely deserves a great review!
With my wife's parents in town, we decided to take them to a Chinese spot that was a little more upscale than most of the ordinary spots that you would find in Chinatown. The menu has some variety but definitely focuses on cuisine from the Shanghai area (where they are from), and so we had a pretty good feeling about their reception. The entry itself is pretty innocuous, and Watts Street is a bit in no-man's land - past the bustle of the Holland Tunnel entry on Canal, but not deep enough into Tribeca to really attract much attention. Once inside, though, it actually reminded me a bit of some of the places we have been to in Shanghai - with some elegant adornments added, but with a lot of the traditional elements of the past space in place - the ceilings weren't redone, and the wooden slats and the fans give it an air of a colonial spot in Shanghai that has been somewhat updated to modern times. The service here was quite attentive, and the drink selection is alright - but my cocktail was probably the worst thing about the entire service...the '2046' is made with a Grey Goose pear vodka base, and it seems like that is the only thing that was present in the cocktail. Despite having a very pretty bar to look at, I'm not sure there's expertise there that knows how to make a drink.The food, though, is definitely spot-on, if on the pricier side (unsurprisingly). The pork belly served with mustard greens and buns on the side was extremely savory, with the thin slices really giving you both the succulence of the fat and the heartiness of the meat in each bite. I also liked the shredded eel, which was a bit less present than I would have liked, but the garlic in the sauce, along with the chives, really gave it an intense flavor that was great to spread over rice. I really liked the dried fish, which had a bit of a chewy texture but a lot of flavor from the vinegar-based sauce that had seeped into every nook. Although it was a cold dish, there was still a lot of flavor - and thankfully (for me) not a lot of bones to pick out. We had to order soup dumplings to round out the meal, and the skin is perfectly done here - not too thick, but not too thin where it breaks too easily - and the broth is pretty good, although not as rich and salty as some others that I have had. We finished the meal with lotus roots for dessert...I'd only ever had lotus roots as part of the main meal, so this was new for me - but I liked the light syrup it was served in, as well as the sticky rice tucked into the holes of the root's cross-section.Although it is a bit out of the way, the food here is very good overall, and the airy ambiance gives it a very spacious and relaxed feel. Were it a bit closer to where I live, as well as more accessible, I would probably come here more frequently. At the very least, it's worth a visit for anyone who is a fan of Shanghainese food.
Had dinner there last night, the place is definitely interesting, love the decorations. Food is just alright, guess it is been overrated. And the hostess was cold and snooty, I asked her for the direction of the restroom, she rolled her eyes and pointed it to me.
Best Chinese restaurant in NYC.  Good food for a pretty good price for what it is (which is NOT cheap chinese).
My wife and I ate dinner here on a Monday night with her nephew. He lives in NYC and he told us it's one of his favorites. We liked it as well and certainly would consider a return visit on a future trip to New York.Decor was comfortable and attractive - sort of old New York with wood and brick and high ceilings. The clientele was mostly young and lots of Asians, which we took to be a good sign. Service was friendly and attentive. We started with cocktails. I had a classic Vesper; expertly prepared. My wife and her nephew ordered from the China Blue specialty list. His was The Catcher with white rye and lime. Hers was a Lucky Lychee - a little sweet and with lychee nuts. We ordered several items from throughout the menu and shared all around. We started with savory bean curd wraps (mushrooms wrapped in tofu) and steamed soup buns. Both were excellent. Next came a whole steamed bass with ginger. Eating it was kind of a process, since the fish was served whole, and we had to pick the fish off the bones. With the fish we also had an order of bok choy with garlic.Overall, the meal was delicious and a great value. Interesting detail - this restaurant has a 'no tipping' policy.
I like it since it's the hometown flavor! I love sweet and spicy food and China Blue and Cafe China are among the favorites! It's very good for a group party to order several dishes~
I really enjoyed my dinner at China Blue. We had a table of 10 people, so we shared a lot of dishes family style. The food was seasoned very well and fresh. With drinks the bill came out to be $22 per person because there is NO TIP.I love the ambiance. The Decorations is very elegant and even the plates ceramic china.Usually either the food is over price and Americanized or the ambiance is way off. There should definitely be more Chinese restaurants like this. I high recommend!
One of the few mid-upscale Chinese restaurants in NYC that I'd gladly take my (Shanghainese) parents to. I love Cafe China so I had high hopes for China Blue, and it did not disappoint. The menu has mostly traditional dishes (ft Shanghai but includes other regional Chinese options) with a few newschool items thrown in for good measure. They did several of our favorite Shanghainese dishes really well. Kaofu (sponge tofu, woodear, peanuts in a sweet soy glaze) and ribbon fish in wine sauce (large chunks of fish infused with a sweet and savory sauce) are great cold appetizers. Shanghainese dishes tend to be a little sweet. The drunken chicken needed a sprinkle of salt but otherwise was good. Shredded beef with Asian chili is medium spicy level and goes well with rice. Steamed whole bass with ginger was one of my favorites- so simple and clean and absolutely delicious. The chicken with chives flower is also nice and simple, a crowd pleaser. I recommend ordering a starch to go with the mains, and both the vegetable fried rice and Sautéed rice cakes with chives were excellent. The menu is so extensive I can't wait to come back and try more. Definitely a good group dining restaurant so you can try a lot of dishes, and don't be afraid of ordering some of the more "exotic" sounding dishes! I also love the old-school teahouse/garden palace vibe, casual but cool. The staff is very friendly and fluent in Chinese and English.
Great food, particularly the Xiaolongbao. High end Chinese cuisine that makes you feel like you are back in Shanghai.
Update: Tried a couple more takeout dishes. Was a little less impressed by the dishes I got this time, but perhaps I picked some of the duds on the menu.Drunken chicken - Sigh, another average drunken chicken rendition. I like my wine chicken to be very tender, and while it wasn't as dry as the version at Jasmine Restaurant, the version here is not the slippery smooth tender version I've been craving (Shanghai Asian Manor has a good version). Savory bean curd wrap - Pretty good, tender bean curd. Nothing mind blowing, but I like this stuff.Lightly sauteed snow pea shoots - Pretty good! I love all snow pea shoots, and the version here did not disappoint. They give you a pretty ample portion as well.On my list to try next time: Shredded Eel Sauteed with Chives, Braised Chicken with Chestnuts, Shredded Pig Ears, Smoked Carp, Crispy Eel Wuxi Style, Marinated Duck, crab tofu, Fish soup, Yan Du Xian.----Got takeout here as was very pleased by the results. Very authentic Shanghainese food with clean flavors (not too oily - which can be a problem at many Chinese restaurants in NYC). I got:Kaofu - Super delicious! Full of flavor (at times I even thought it was too full), but very very good. Lotus with Scallion and Ginger - Pretty good, clean flavors. I'm not a fan of lotus generally, but this rendition was pretty good. Jellyfish with Aged Vinegar - Wasn't the biggest fan of this, but maybe it's because I wasn't really used to the mix of the vinegar with the jellyfish. Much prefer the jellyfish with pesto sauce at Cafe China.All in all, a very solid meal, and they have a bunch of authentic Shanghainese dishes that I want try next time!
A nice change of pace from the typical Chinese restaurant in Chinatown -- spacious dining area, low-key ambiance, a full service bar, and a great menu with gluten-free options. We (party of 4) ordered a couple of appetizers, five entrees with a side dish, and a two different desserts -- all were delicious, not a disappointment in the bunch! We'll be back...
This place is so cozy and serves super authentic Shanghainese food! The shrimp egg yolk rice cake is to die for. I especially loved the decor; reminded me of retro Shanghai. I think this is a much better location compared to their sister restaurant (Cafe China) up at 30-something street.
The service was not amazing, but quite good for a Chinese restaurant. I also LOVED the vintage Shanghai posters, chinaware, wallpaper, furniture, lamps, etc. The crispy eel was not that crispy and way too sweet for my taste. The soup dumplings are among the best in New York, but skip the leafy (vegetarian) dumplings - skin is too thick. The three cup chicken was good, and there was a lot of it, and the crab with tofu was good as well - a lot of crab meat! Would be back if I want a classier Shanghainese option.
They don't accept tip!  Yes, and the service is really good as well.  There were a lot of Chinese people here, so that's a good sign.  We got soup dumplings: they were good.  On par.  Also, we got the shanghai noodles with chicken, shrimp, and pork.  It tasted good, about or a bit above par in terms of Shanghai style noodles.  The interior was really nice.  Felt very elegant.  I liked the interior design of the place, a little staged, but hey, that's expected!  Overall: I'd go back again, the food was good and the atmosphere was nice.  Unsure about parking, but we walked there from the Pier 51 area.
Serive has improved than the last time when I was there. We waited for a while for our entrées... still.It is exciting to see a stylish Chinese resturant open in Tribeca .  Beautiful interior design.
You know it's good when your friend says she's tasted better Shanghainese food at China Blue than in Shanghai! May have been an overstatement - but I don't care. I've been here twice in 2 weeks already, that's how good it is. Note that China Blue is not your typical run of the mill restaurant in Chinatown. The decor is reminiscent of what I imagine Shanghai would've been like in the 1920s - antique furniture, paintings and dimly lit lanterns. I've only been here for lunch, but I can imagine the ambiance at dinner would be even better!Onto the food, best dishes I've tried so far:- Fried lotus root with shrimp (MY FAVOURITE!)- Rice cakes with crab roe- Xiao Long Bao - Fish soup (to share)- Glutinous rice with red bean- Sesame ball mochi in rice wine This restaurant is the only reason I'd uber to and from Tribeca. It's fantastic!
Preliminary review. Stumbled in while exploring the area. The interior is beautiful if you like that large, open space with eclectic decor style. Some minor Asian touches but otherwise a really cool artsy feel to the place. Can't really give it a full review since I got my order to go. I got the jhazang mein (sp?) noodle dish, which I hoped was going to be similar to the Korean-Chinese dish of similar name. It was not. Instead of a black bean sauce, it was hardly any sauce but with crumbled sauteed pork, mildly spicy peppers, and julienned cucumbers. Didn't look that appetizing but it was surprisingly good. The pork was seasoned so that each bite countered the blandness of the noodles.
Egg fried veggie rice was delicious. Caro was insanely delicious and spicy just the right amount. Tried glass or crystal dim sum and also veggie dim sum. They weren't bad but would stick with the rice and fish next time.
Great lunch and dinner options. Decor is great for a hangout or even lunch meeting. You feel like you're sitting in a small cafe in Shanghai. Few recommends:- Pork buns- Spicy pork noodles- 3 cup chicken - Fish fillet with rice wine- Braised pork with taro- Peony Pavilion Cocktail (for tea and bourbon lovers)I would stay away from the soup dumplings. Had way better at other Shanghainese restaurants.
Food is absolutely delicious. And real shanghai cuisine!I love every dish here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love itAnd will be back in the future.
【review from a Chinese】this place is definitely one of my favs in New York. It's located in the quite and elegant lower west area which is very close to the Hudson River. You can take a walk and enjoy the Jersey City skyline afterwards.The interior design is very nice. Very elegent vibe. I can feel the Shanghai kind of elegance there.. I mean.. that nostalgia feeling of the old Shanghai back to the ROC period. The music is also good and proper. The plates, bowls and chopsticks are also very delicate,, very Chinese style.My eyes just got lit up when I saw the menu. I literally want to try everything on it!! All the typical Shanghai cuisine (or cuisine of Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces) So what I tried: (sorry some of them are in Chinese because I didn't pay attention to their English names ..)1. Soup bums小笼包It was really good. Just try it!2. 无锡排骨Actually this dish is one of my favs no matter what restaurant. I especially like the rich sweet taste of the pork ribs. The pork ribs there taste very soft in your mouth and I really like that.3. 香椿炒饭This one is very classic! If you want to have some fried rice, try this one!Oh btw,,, the waiters there are really eye-candies and they can speak Chinese.I'll definitely go back to that restaurant often because I would love to try everything!
Decent Chinese food. Good quality. Maybe a little expensive. Not a place to celebrate birthday, because they charge additional money for cutting the cake. I remember it was like $8 per person. I was a little unhappy about that when I had my birthday there. Because they charge EVERY PERSON for sharing ONE cake!!!
Environment is very old shanghai style, and very elegant. We ordered dongpo meat, fried eel, and crab tofu.
called at the noon to see if need to make reservation, told us no need to make reservation, and in the evening, when we got there, they said there is no table for four people, and are unwilling to leave our name for a later open table.
Nicely decorated Chinese restaurant with delicious food! We tried pork soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, fried fish blossom entree, and mapo tofu and enjoyed them all. The restaurant also has a no tipping policy (already included in the price of the menu so that the entire staff can share the tip) which I always appreciate.
Shanghainess restaurant, the antique interior design makes you like waking into an old Chinese movie. More importantly, the food is nice and clean as well. And again, it is located in my favorite TriBeCa area.
Service was awful, and almost non existent. The food was not very good. Everything had kind of sweet flavors where it should not be. The shrimp was not deveined- gross. Ordered a drink that never came. Had a pretty large sampling of the menu and if I had to pick something that was actually good it was the beef and hot pepper dish. But for $18 the quality of beef was severely lacking! Not at all worth the price for the flavor we got. Won't go back.
Really good... Three of us ate here, mid-week, family style for dinner. The ambiance was nice- natural light, wood floors, casual elegance. Service was OK though it did take an awful long time to flag someone down to take our order (we weren't ready when they first came by)... The drinks... were tragic. Don't order their signature cocktails. I can't imagine anyone liking any of the things I sampled.Anyways, the food stole the show, highlighted by a delicate fish stew that's probably the best fish stew I've ever had. When I tell you I had to resist ordering a second bowl, I mean my dinner guests had to literally hold me back because we already had way too much food.I think my second favorite was the lionhead stew entree- just like mom used to make (not really, but you get the idea). There was also this rice shumai thing which was quite good. The drunken chicken and thousand-year egg apps were tasty. And finally the dongpo pork, steamed pork dumplings, and snow pea tendril veggies were excellent.So, net-net, a great upscale Shanghainese meal. If we're in Tribeca we'd definitely return...
Great lunch spot. Classy decor and ambience. Very attentive service. Non-lunch menu slightly on tbe pricey side but give the location is reasonable. Will be back! :)
Food is good, very surprised that their dishes actually tasted that good. I thought it would just be another Chinese wannabe hip fusion joints that charge a high price for something you can find half that in Chinatown. But I was wrong. The chestnut chicken was my favorite, it was deep in flavor and tender, the sauce was good on its own over rice. The reason it isn't 5 stars is because service could be better. We were seated a good 10 minutes before we even got a menu or saw our server. I had to literally wave someone down and asked who was our server and can we please have one or atleast some menus first. (We were starving, we waited 1 + hours for the seats and it was like 9:30 pm already. I went to the bathroom downstairs and the floor was flooded wet! I was trying to wipe it with some paper towel , but it was just too soaked to work. I went upstairs told the hostess / people standing in the front that work there, asked if there was another bathroom. They looked at me and said "I'll just call service" as in I need to go back down stairs and wait (I know they have another bathroom because my friend told me, I just didn't know where it was) after standing there with her staring at me for a good few seconds, I said don't you have another bathroom I can use? With an annoyed and unwilling expression, she finally caved and said "there's another one there you can use" I would come back for the food, but I would have to be really craving it, not something I would go back to on a daily basis.
Amazing service, delicious and diverse menu. We will definitely return to China Blue.
It's the second time we come here. The first thing you would notice is that the restaurant tried to recreate the atmosphere of the glamorous old Shanghai. Tables caters for group. They have many authentic Shanghai dish you could only get when you are in China. Authentic 4Ambient 4Food 4Price 4
Reserved a table for 20 people and warned that there could be more, but the receptionist was fine with that. We all arrived, and the waiter showed very little patience from the very beginning and served us with a mean attitude. Two more people arrived and we all politely asked the waiter for two seats, and he began to scold us for bringing too many people onto the table when there was clearly enough room. As for the food, it was way too overpriced for how bland it tastes. Go to Flushing, Elmhurst, or Chinatown for some better provincial Chinese food. Sucks I chose to hold my birthday, but I guess it's worth noting this in the future.
uh, BEFORE you make a reservation, please double check you really know exactly where it is located & how you will get there! And it isn't marked either. Just an odd dinner for 3. Not really sure what Shanghainese cuisine is? How different from Cantonese? Jellyfish app had nothing to it 2 of us thought. Soup dumplings good, but certainly not extraordinary. 1 of 3 loved their entrée (8 delicacies in spicy sauce), other two entrées ok. Weird not having large bottles of sparking water or being thrifty with the soy sauce. Décor was lovely & service not bad just a bit odd.
Like its sister restaurant on the East side, Café China, China Blue is very sexy, sophisticated and offers very tasty food.  It's also very reasonably priced for what it offers, given its upscale setting and very tony address. Recommendations - fried fish with cured duck egg yolk, pork spareribs, mapo tofu, pork belly with mustard greens and bun.  Also very good - salt and pepper fish filet, shredded pork, baby cucumbers. My guess is, you probably won't go wrong with anything on their menu.  Their cocktail game is on point as well - I had a libation with an earl grey liqueur, in a glass rimmed with earl grey tea leaves.  It was delicious and memorable. The one random thing that irked me a bit - was the near constant string of happy birthday being sung live by the waiters around the restaurant.  It's definitely popular with birthday groups on a weekend evening - and yes, we have no right to complain, since we had a birthday girl in our tribe and thus also part of the noise pollution.  But you might want to rethink the venue if you want a quiet and romantic vibe. Definitely aiming to go back soon.
Disappointed at their Shanghainese dishes, not very authentic for me. Appetizers are okay, such as kao fu, main dishes, such as dong po rou, are just mediocre.
I was so excited to try China Blue as I had heard such great things about it and the Yelp reviews seemed really positive. I was rather shocked honestly by the level of service my group received. To begin with four of us showed up on a weeknight around 6:30pm, about half of restaurant was empty. We're told that the only thing available was a counter with uncomfortable stools but we figured we wouldn't spend more than an forty minutes getting dinner. Even though there was several waiters hanging out by the front it took forever to flag one down to take our drink orders, in fact the entire night we had trouble getting someone to come by, as it seemed our waiter would disappear for long periods of time and none of the others would acknowledge us. The food started out great, but when my friend received her dinner it was so salty it was inedible, not to mention all the dishes had come out at separate times so by the time we sent it back and got another one everyone else was finished eating and my friend had to quickly eat hers, which was annoying. No apologies for it either, if anything our waiter looked annoyed when we told him. About an hour and a half later from when we walked in, severely annoyed and sore from our stools we got ready to leave when my friend pointed out that half the restaurant was still empty, booths and tables hadn't been used the entire time we were there. Super frustrating. The two stars are for ambiance, it's a gorgeous space and the soup dumplings. Won't be back.
Terrible service!Terrible service!Terrible service!The front desk do not let my friend take a seat when they waiting for us!!!!just let her wait outside!!!And the waiters are so rude!!!!!!Don't want go to this restaurant again!
Something just doesn't add up: In the middle of super-snooty, uber-expensive Tribeca lies a beautifully designed, slightly-upscale Chinese restaurant serving above average Chinese fare at absurdly reasonable prices. Oh, and it has a great little bar serving deliciously made cocktails, too. Have I stepped into an alternate universe or something? This can't be possible, can it?Well folks, it appears to be so. And I am a very happy man as a result of it. My latest second home away from home is over on Hudson Street near the entrance of the Holland Tunnel -- a complete dead zone in terms of variety for grabbing an inexpensive meal nearby. It's nice to have something to offset the $55 daily parking charge that is classic Tribeca, and China Blue is a welcome oasis in an otherwise vapid location.If you're dining alone, as I generally prefer, belly on up to the bar for lunch and enjoy a cup of their spicy hot & sour soup -- it's got a great bite. I also recommend the shredded beef with Asian chilis served with white or brown rice. It's a good deal at $12. If you're just looking to snack, they have a great variety of buns, dim sum, and an assortment of appetizers, one more interesting than the next. Let it be known that they do great soup dumplings here, too. Maybe not quite as good as the ones you can get in Chinatown, but hey... beggars can't be choosers.I'm not that adventurous when it comes to trying new things in a Chinese restaurant, but if you are, then these options may interest you:Thousand-Year Eggs in Pickled Chili SauceShredded Pig Ears in Sesame-Chili SauceJellyfish with Aged VinegarRibbon Fish in Wine SauceOy vey. Thousand-year eggs? Gahh. Kill me now. (Something tells me John D. would love all of these things.)Be sure to check the menu ahead of your trip if you plan to stop in for lunch, as some of these dishes are only available at dinner.
Best shanghainese food I have ever had outside shanghai! Love the decoration as well! Only downside is that tables are too close to each other. You can hear absolutely everything and that's not comfortable :(
One star only for the food is okay. Will give negative if I can for the service. It is a no tipping restaurant and the servers were extremely rude. I tried to order a cup of warm water for my parents because they weren't feeling well. The server brought the first cup of warm water and refused to bring the 2nd one, claiming "the hot water machine is broken down", but then immediately offered "but we serve hot tea (for extra charge)" EXCUSE ME? Your hot water machine is broken down so you don't have hot water but hot tea? I feel insulted intellectually, and very disappointed by such horrible attitudes. This will be my last time coming here.
Called the restaurant in the morning asking about the evening reservation and the girl who picked up the phone said it'd probably be fine just walk-in. So my boyfriend and I did that, and I was really looking forward to the dining experience. But when we got to the restaurant, the staff told us there's a private event going on so there won't be a table until after 9, but they said nothing about that while I was on the phone earlier. Frustrated as I was, I decided to just order take out food. But the attitude of one girl at the front desk was quite indifferent and pretentious. Okay girl good job whatever hope you have a good life
Came here for a frds birthday structly for its decor. We were surprised to see so many Asian diners here.  Food was meh ..ok. You can get way better shanghainese food in nyc. At China blue, you are paying 3xs the price for the same foods and its not for the food or service.  You come here to be in a calmer, more upscale type of Chinese restaurant. Although the staff don't reflect the quality the prices dictate. Portions are mini size compared to all other shanghainese restaurants...White rice was good though, they use the better white rice.  Would I come back?  Don't think so. ..
Best Shanghai cuisine restaurant in New York. Period. Ambiance: really nice interiors. Although I felt they tried a little too hard. Food: super! Appetizer: Drunken Chicken - when I had this in other shanghai restaurants, they just gave me chicken Breast which doesn't taste good at all. This dish is so tender at China Blue.Pork belly with mustard greens - it's so delicious! Port belly is actually not greasy at all. This was my favorite dish when I was a kid. I was really happy that I had it again in China Blue. Pan fried Prawns - this is the only dish I felt like it's okayish. Doesn't have the real authenticity. Be aware - portion is small, which is actually our regular portion in Shanghai. It's a little pricy if you order a lot. But overall, it will be my favorite spot for my hometown food! I want to explore all the dishes on the menu!
Great ambiance, small portion, authentic, we had crispy eel, braised pork belly, fish and a couple other dishes. This place does not accept tips, more restaurant should follow this trend.
This is a first rate restaurant.  You can't go wrong.  We've had lunch there twice since Nov, 2016, and dinner there last weekend as part of a whole evening rental for a rehearsal dinner.  It was all excellent.  We didn't have soup or dessert, but the dim sum, appetizers and main dishes were wonderful.    All were consistently great.  Favorites included Baby Cucumbers, Shanghai Shumai, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, Leafy Dumplings, potstickers, Steamed Soup Buns, Radish Puffs, Kaofu, West Lake Fish Fillet, Eight Delicacies, Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork, and Eggplant in Garlic Sauce.       It's a lovely setting, with a large main room, a smaller, more intimate room, and an outdoor patio.  We rented out the large room - plenty of room for 60 dinner guests (and can accommodate more) and 100++ for an after-party.  Ruigang (and his co-manager, Kevin) were absolutely amazing to work with, from start to finish.  They were so helpful, patient (so many decisions and plan changes), accommodating, flexible, and nice, always there with a smile.  We got a pleasant surprise when we arrived and saw that they had set the tables with white tablecloths (an option we hadn't discussed).  They also made signature cocktails as part of the "open bar."  We brought in our own dessert, and they were very helpful in setting it up with us.  Kevin had the whole evening running perfectly -clearly they've done this a lot!  The service was impeccable (as it was the two other times we had eaten there), the staff was attentive and pleasant, and everyone made the whole evening flow smoothly.  If there were any problems, we (the hosts) didn't hear about them - very nice for us to not have to worry about how things would go.  They really helped make our son's wedding weekend very successful.  (All for a very reasonable price!)     All in all, I'm sure you'd have an equally happy experience, whether you book a private event there, or just go out for a lovely meal.
Not your typical Chinese takeout (as I'm sure the other reviews suggest). Nonetheless, ordered delivery from here for lunch and had a great time. I would definitely want to eat-in sometime with a good group of people and order family style.
I am debating between 3 or 4 stars for this place. It has very nice China antique pieces and the decoration is beautiful. Food is good for fancy China places like this one but definitely as amazing as ones you can find in Chinatown and food portion here is definitely on the small side. We ordered shredded beef and green chillies and three cup chicken based on recommendation from a co-worker; and both of them are very good. Other dishes we ordered are steamed fish, mapo tofu and soup dumplings - they are just ok.
Love China Blue. Living in the West Village, I have a hard time finding authentic Shanghainese food, ESPECIALLY kao fu. While it is a little more expensive than some of the other options nearby, the quality far exceeds that of other Chinese restaurants in the area. Note that we've only ordered delivery from China Blue, so keep that in mind when reading below.Items ordered:- Shredded Pig Ears- Kaofu- Jelly Fish with Aged Vinegar- Steamed Soup Buns- Crystal Shrimp Dumplings- Pork Belly with Mustard Greens- Shredded Pork Beijing Style- Shredded Pork in Garlic SauceI would order any of the above items again (especially the kaofu, shredded pork in garlic sauce, and the jelly fish), with the exception of the pork belly with mustard greens as it was quite oily for my taste. Delivery is very prompt, everything comes in good order, and the folks working at China Blue are always friendly when I've called with any questions. Would highly recommend.
Always amazing. They never let me down. We had a great server and great food and the prices are REALLY GREAT!Another bonus: NO TIPPING! It's already amortized across the menu prices (which are VERY REASONABLE) and makes totaling the bill incredibly easy.Plus, the interior is BREATHTAKINGLY styled. Imagine the glamour of Shanghai in the 1930's and that's what they're serving up in there.Love you guys!
If Cafe China is five stars +++, then sister restaurant China Blue is definitely a strong five.
Prints of vintage Shanghai girl ads hung on the walls, cocktails named after painfully beautiful Wong Kar Wai movies, everything else seemed fit for a restaurant prepared to introduce savage Americans to fine Shanghainese food. Everything but the food. I was ready to love this place. I really was. Aesthetically, it hit the perfect balance between nostalgia and modern functionality but the food was absolutely terrible. First, let's set the record straight, this is not upscale Chinese food unless your criteria for upscale is solely based on looks. Everything on offer is considered "家常菜" or home cooking which is fine and what I grew up eating. Any Shanghainese person whose mom/grandma had a passing level of competency in the kitchen or anyone who's ever eaten at a decent Shanghainese restaurant in Shanghai would have scowled at the dishes here. As all three of us did. It's an assault on your palate. The famous Wuxi style eel was devoid of any eel flavor (which is fair since it was definitely from freezer) but was flavored with what seemed like an entire bottle of soy sauce and an entire bottle of black vinegar. The radish puffs were under baked. The West Lake style fish filet in vinegar sauce came in a pool of corn starchy soup the texture of homemade glue. The tofu soup was similarly bland except for msg powder. The shrimp serving no role except for decor. What is usually such a delicate and light dish of balanced flavor was instead something you couldn't have more than a few spoonfuls of. The shrimp sauce over crispy rice was the only edible dish we had but it was nothing more than a cloying sauce over crispy rice that could've been made with any protein. Even the plain white rice was bad - mealy and cooked with too much water. Service left much to be desired. Waiters couldn't speak intelligently about the food and offered the same level of apathy as you'd expect in Chinatown except that they were more bilingual, I guess.
I have been to this restaurant a couple of times. I think the food is decent here. I got the beef noodle soup and the shanghai soupy rice. As a Chinese person, authenticity wise I feel this restaurant is ok...but personally I did not like the noodles in the beef noodle soup and thought the soupy rice was way too salty. I also tried the beijing sliced pork and the roasted pork w/taro. A lot of the dishes here are way too salty...which means not good use of spices in the right way. I was surprised they sell "soupy rice" as really in China this is not a dish, but what we eat as leftovers mixed together as a stew. I think they could've added some white pepper to this dish and spiced things up a bit..but all in all it was ok. Corn chicken and hot and sour soup both were just ok as well. I wouldn't come back here fi there was a better option around, but sadly there isn't here....the service is super slow/they are understaffed and they also added a tip once without giving us the itemized receipt. (20% for lunch automatic tip is unacceptable...we were also only a party of 4). I am really surprised at the number of raving reviews...havent been here for dinner so can't comment on the other dishes that are not served for lunch...but from my experience so far this place only deserves 3 stars at best.
We came for a very late lunch. We were immediately charmed by the cuteness of the decor- they've done a very good job with the 30's vibe. Our service was fantastic, we felt welcome to linger, which we happily did. The food was quite tasty, too. Our faves were the vegetable fried rice, soup dumplings and cucumbers.
One of the best Chinese places in NYC with an old Shanghai elegant feel. Soup buns, chicken and chives and soups are the best!!
Novel menu with nice ambience. Pork Soup dumplings were different. Main courses were deceptive- large portions, looked great but were really laden with oil so made it very heavy and rich. Large Chinese clientele so must be doing something right...
Food was delicious! Besides the hostess was giving some attitude made me wanted walk out at first. I can say it's pretty authentic, and the decor/ theme is so cute! 1920 s SH style. I had the Beijing shredded pork, and it definitely hit the spot. It came out just how I want it, in Beijing they sometimes used bean curd wrap, but they used Beijing duck wrap, love it ! And the ship tofu soup. The tea cocktails are tasty as well. Will definitely recommend!
Food: okay. Compared to Cafe China, the food here is not so good. I'd say it's average. First some dishes are really oily. Second the portion is a bit small.Service: POOR. We came as a group of 8 people to celebrate my friend's birthday. On the phone they mentioned the cake fee was $2 but when we got there the waiter insisted it was $3 per person as if we were lying to him. His attitude was very bossy which was a piss off for us! Also the water was served very slowly.Environment was great which earned the two stars. Yet considering the food and service, I am not going back here again and I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to people who like authentic Chinese food.
Very cute decor! Got the eel appetizer. It was good, but the portion was really large... Almost too much for two people.
This place is pretty cute despite being in a pretty obscure/off the beaten path part of TriBeCa.We went for dinner and sampled their cocktail menu and serveral main courses. My only complaint was that the food wasn't very spicy; however, they brought some chili oil to our table which quickly remedied that.My favs were as follows:Steamed soup buns - delightfully flavored Scallion pancake - very nicely cooked and not overly oilyShrimp with crispy rice - this dish is more of a soup, but the presentation is very nicely doneShanghai pan fried noodles - these were good but were not spicy at all.Overall, I'd come back or order from them on seamless for a chill night in.
Authentic Shanhainese food, excellent atmosphere and tasty food. A handsome bar. Great for events too.We were here for Chinese New Year dinner with 12 people and we pretty much ordered 80% of the menu. All very tasty. Service was friendly. The place seems to be a gathering place for young, hip and rich mainland Chinese.
The atmosphere was perfect, extremely well decorated and amazing use of space - acoustics were good great place to talk or go on a date. Reminded me of a brunch/British tea house - the bartender was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu- the food came right away and was the fastest service ever and all of it was very hot and delicious. I am definitely going back to experience more of the dim sum dishes. Really recommend the crispy eel! Going to try some more main dishes when I return! Something for everyone - order a bunch of things and share and everyone will gravitate to a different dish! Some dishes were more of an acquired taste and not for everyone but still very tasty and others were mildly seasoned and  could be enjoyed by very picky eaters.
Great ambiance. Love the drinks here. I had the sparking white and it  was a great price point. Also they don't have you tip for dinner.  Which I was thrown off by but I mean not going to argue. Loved the service and the food was well prepared and plated.
Really good will be back. Service was very fast but it was 11:45 on a Tuesday. Flavorful dishes surprised me. Interesting there is no tipping at this place. Makes it even cheaper! Got the Kung pao chicken and pork with garlic sauce lunch special and both were amazing.
Interesting place. The food is more authentic than you would think based on the ambiance. They are quite overpriced, and I usually don't like overpaying for authentic food. That said, the atmosphere is quite nice and the food is very flavorful. I'd recommend this place for a date, but it is a bit costly to go to with friends.
My purpose since I live in NY is to taste as many restaurants as possible, mainly the asian ones as when I was living in Italy that is the cuisine which I was missing the most. And Asia is HUGE. Asian cuisine is Infinite. I focus mainly on noodles and dim sum, and dumplings. Of all sizes and shapes. But I try also other main dishes of course. Oh I would love to have an immense tummy - and wallet! ;-) to try EVERYTHING.China Blue is one of those restaurants which I tried to test the above.Unfortunately I went home disappointed. And being this City sooo expensive, do I really want to try disappointing restaurants twice, just to check if it gets better..? NaaaFrench say: "c'est domage!" (wasn't I Italian?! I might be 1/16 french, who knows. Sicily has had so many invaders during centuries.. ) Anyway... In detail:First of all, when you get there try to remember not only the street name but also the number, as there is almost no sign outside, on one side of the street (it's in a corner). The entrance is a big big door which gives you the impression to enter a palace. First thing you see is the Bar, in this room which is pretty big and charming. I would say that the ambience is nice and reminds me those speak easy smoky bars, a century ago. But no smoke now.Service was 1 star, they really need more training. It was a Monday evening, 9pm, the dining room was not full but they were slow and inattentive anyway.In fact, the guy at the Bar a couple of times tried to do eye contact with them to let them understand we needed some attention.One of the dishes we wanted to try was their signature peking duck dish. Unfortunately, it was finished... but they didn't tell us immediately, just after a while, when we already had the appetizers and peking duck was supposed to arrive minutes after. Did it disappear in the meantime? Did it run out of the restaurant? Did they give the last two portions to another table without informing each other? What I can say is that there was no communication between kitchen and waiters. And between waiters, as they were asking us the same thing twice.Not only we had to order something else, but we had to wait a lot before also the noodles came, while they could just ask if maybe we wanted the noodles first, since the second-choice main course needed some preparation... Besides this, what we ordered was ok, nice but nothing was wow. Dumplings, noodles... Ok. The spicy beef was good but it was too much bell pepper and little beef, not a good deal for the price.Wrong day? Who knows. I am sorry, I might just have been unlucky. I will try China Blue again after I'll have tried all the other Chinese restaurants in NY...
I love their Kung Pao Chicken. It's one of the best in the city.
I love China Blue.  Chinese restaurants in New York City vary widely in terms of ambiance, food quality, service... and for every restaurant I go into, I often wonder what the owners are really going for with the customer experience.  Nearly ALL of the time, I find Chinese Restaurants in city care MUCH less for authenticity than they do price and taking advantage of the naive American palate for Chinese food.China Blue  gets what it's going for just right.  I guess what I found the most intriguing was that I felt like I was in a restaurant that was really going for something special and unique -- an old Bund Shanghai vibe that is very rare to find.  It basically nails it on the head.  Each dish served, each lantern and poster, each rafter is all part of the old Shanghai story and experience.  What this place does real well:- Their ambiance is absolutely spot on.  You can absolutely feel the Shanghai glamour just exuding from the walls.  I know the previous lessors, Capsouto Freres, and what China Blue has done is subtle but works very well.- The quality of their food is EXCELLENT.  It is pricier than other Chinese restaurants, but what you get for the price is better quality.  Really hits it on the head.- They'r siu mai is very well done (dumplings/dim sum).  Very tasty- Their 小笼包 xiaolongbao soup dumplings are excellent, very well textured, piping hot.  - Their chinese sausage fried rice is perfectly cooked. But smaller portion, good for one or two people in my opinion... need to order multiple.- Shanghai pan fried bun is excellent... - Their presentation of each dish is very refined.What it needs to work on:- I am not going to lie, their service was AWFUL when I went there... they were all very nice, but very, VERY slow.  It was a weekend for lunch/brunch around 2pm.I recommend this place to anyone that aims for authenticity and wants a unique ambiance in their dining experience!
The food was exceptional...when it finally arrived. Service took some time to even get our order and the food took some additional time to get to us, but once it did I was more than satisfied. The food definitely makes up for the service. Give them a try, I'm definitely going back!
We've been here for a few times and it never made us disappointed. The best authentic Chinese restaurant in New York. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
A hidden gem! We stumbled upon this place and couldn't be happier with the food and the ambience. A spacious, tastefully decorated space with a certain old world charm. Excellent food and good service. Favorite item was the fish in red wine. I will most definitely come back
Enjoyed appetizers and dim sum. All very good. Service was excellent and no tipping required.
Service was exceptional. It's a no tip restaurant, yet the service I got here was leaps and bounds better than most places where tip is expected. Wait staff checked on us multiple times, cup was always full, and it was easy to get their attention because there was always someone on standby.The 1950s atmosphere is very well done. The interior designer knows what he/she is doing. The turquoise wall paint and the low hanging classic lamps go extremely well together. The ambient music went well with the atmosphere. Light and slow pop music. Eminem started aggressively rapping in the middle of a song pop song and someone quickly clicked skip lol.
This is place is definitely THE BEST Chinese Restaurant I've been to in my life. Everything is great here from the appetizers to the meals. First of all the restaurant has a great zen feel and nice decor. When I first looked at the menu I had to get the pork soup dumplings, and it was best appetizer I've had in my life. I destroyed them. Next I ordered the eel which was also very good, I only had a little bit of it because I decided to "taste test" my friends dishes those were just as good. So if in the city and looking for a great Chinese Restaurant, you HAVE to go to China Blue!
I really enjoyed my time at Cafe Blue. The restaurant is off the beaten path in an interesting part of town. You wouldn't end up there unless you meant to. I arrived at 6:30pm on a Wednesday and sat at a sparsely populated bar. The dining room was already pretty full at this time.I had two appetizers to start: the Savory Bean Curd Wrap and Tossed Fava Beans. The bean curd dish was unusual to me. I love tofu and particularly tofu skin but I had never had it presented like this. Essentially a large skin is wrapped around diced shitake mushrooms with a thin layer of sauce that is a little sweet. What a combination! The Fava Beans were good but not great. The favas were fresh but they are presented with their tough skins intact which I always remove when cooking with favas. The are tossed in a nice savory sauce. I thought the dish was fine and well proportioned. I got a little tired chewing the skins though.For my entree I had the Red cooked Pork with Taro. I had never had this dish before. It was delicious. Nice, meaty pork belly braised in red sauce to the point of melting in your mouth tossed with chunks of Taro root in a red sauce. This was excellent.I am a big fan of Cafe China and I really appreciated the differences in the menu at Cafe Blue. Very few repeats while maintaining the same level of quality. I will definitely be back to Cafe Blue.
Really do love this place but had to take away one star for the service. The food is excellent although not completely authentic it is still better than all the other claim to be Shanghai style restaurants. Definitely try their carp belly! The atmosphere is awesome. The decor is reminiscent of vintage Shanghai. Every meal I've had here has been quite pleasant. Service definitely needs to improve. My cup was left empty throughout most of the meal. They forgot utensils and napkins for the table only realizing later after we received the food. Waiters could be a little friendlier. Aside from that, you should come here for their great food!
better than cafe china, this shanghai rest. is one of the most pleasant chinese restaurants in new york, great food, great dining room competent service, reasonable prices
My absolutely favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC! Once you walk in, the decor immediately brings you to the classic social scene in Shanghai, maybe in the 1920-30s. This place is quite spacious as well, which is rare for NYC. I have to say, the restaurant definitely offers the most authentic Shanghai and Zhejiang cuisine I could ever ask.Some of my favorite dishes are: Tossed Noodles with Dried Shrimp (something I ate daily when I was in a boarding school in Hangzhou), Kaofu, and Yan Du Xian (amazing!! I wish I know how to make the soup).I would recommend it to anyone who wants to try authentic Chinese food and taste the true flavor of all the ingredients, as most dishes are not spicy at all!
Wonderful food, excellent service. The only reason it's not five stars is that they didn't have my favorite dish, chicken and broccoli. Otherwise, couldn't have asked for a lovelier meal
Gorgeous restaurant with lots of space and an extensive menu of tasty food. Very quick service, even with a large group. Fresh and well prepared vegetables!
I need to preface this with the fact that I came here for a wedding. Which meant that I wasn't ordering but also that I could sample a lot of food.This place is great, I really like the decor with nice little details everywhere. That coupled with the fact that the food was great made for a memorable experience.The things that stood out to me were things like the steamed fish, the pan fried soup dumplings, the vegetarian duck, and the fried lotus roots. These stood out but really everything on the menu was very tasty and pretty authentic.I think the coupling of ambiance and food makes this place stand out especially since you don't want to hang out at many Chinese restaurants typically.
I asked my mom if the restaurant resembled any 1930s restaurant in Shanghai.  And she said only the posters did. Okay, so the décor wasn't what would win our hearts here. But the food was great, I thought.  I loved the vegetarian duck, which had a very refined flavor.  The Xihu fish came in a delicious sauce.  Wuxi spareribs were tender and flavorful.  The two veggie dishes, bok choy and enoki mushrooms, were perfectly done as well.So the flavors were pretty authentic. And sometimes that's all it matters.
Vile, disgusting Chinese 'food'.I got the Kung Pao Chicken off of Seamless. It came fast and hot and tasted like windex and chill peppers. Even the brown rice tasted funky. Right now my tongue is on fire but I didn't taste any spice. I like spicy food and I eat it often - what the hell is going on here? The chunks of meat that I assume were chicken were minuscule and chewy. Unless you like the flavor of cleaning supplies in your lunch go anywhere else.
Awesome food, great selection, great drinks, great services. Same chef as Cafe China on 37th St. Same gorgeous 1920's Shanghai look and feel. Going back soon to try the rest of the menu!
great atmosphere, great flavor! very authentic Shanghainess Food!Great place for either native or foreigners
Very authentic and contemporary Shanghai/Wuxi food. The resto was clean and neat. will definitely come back agian.
Food is decent but serving size is small. Not recommended for big groups, or you need to order many to share. Like the dessert like the decoration inside.
Amazing food at a great price just like cafe china! We had the vegetable dumplings, salt and pepper fish, and bok choy and veggie fried rice. We loved everything and gobbled it all up. It was more food than the two of us could eat! Very generous portions. Environment is beautiful and the owners take care to furnish it in a really unique was with pieces they find in antique shops etc. staff and service was awesome as well. Definitely check it out and order some chili oil on the side!!!! Visited it on a trip to New York in May 2017 and only got to the review now!
Always a favorite when I am in NY. The soup dumplings are so yummy, but everything is delicious!  Highly recommend.
There aren't many Chinese restaurants I'll go to outside of the several Chinatowns in NYC except for China Blue, which has become not only my favorite Chinese restaurant, but favorite, period because of both the food, decor and attention to detail. My dinner group ordered the usual dishes that China Blue is known for such as the Crispy Eel Wuxi Style, Red Cooked Pork w/ Taro, Fish Fillet in Rice Wine, Dongpo Pork, Eight Delicacies in Spicy Sauce, Rice Cakes w/ Salted Duck Egg and Shrimp, etc. While I enjoyed every single dish, I was most impressed with the Rice Cakes because the texture was perfect and they were evenly coated with duck eggs. I knew I loved China Blue the moment I realized that most of their cocktails are named after Wong Kar-wai movies. I got "In the Mood for Love," made with Hendricks Gin, lemon juice, rosemary syrup, darjeeling liquor and Angostura bitters. Did I mention the decor? It's beautiful and transports you back to 1930s Shanghai. This place would make a great venue for a wedding because it's so unique, romantic and special.
Really fun restaurant. Food was amazing. Tried lots of new dishes. Satisfied with all of them!  And the deserts are to die for. The steamed pumpkin buns and the rice pudding and the rice wine soup with sesame balls they were all so good! Great service. I'm happy!
Stopped by for lunch. If you get there by 12, it can get packed. Food is pretty good, great surprise to see noodle and noodle soup options!
A great Shanghainese restaurant. My boyfriend and I stopped by for lunch today. We ordered the Tossed Noodles with Dried Shrimp & Shanghai Soupy Rice and really enjoyed both. I would have preferred the noodles a bit chewier (they were really soft) but otherwise, both dishes were so comforting! The service is also very pleasant. :) I'd come back again.
Authentic Chinese food in a great-looking, spacious restaurant! I'm happy that a place like this exists in Manhattan because Chinese food in New York is never presented the way it deserves to be, which is ultimately caused by misguided preconceptions of Chinese food. This place does this wonderful cuisine (Shanghainese) justice. You know you're onto something when the majority of patrons at other tables are speaking Chinese too. Service is decent and prices are reasonable, but the 1920s Shanghai decor and lofty proportions really make this place worthwhile. It's also great for big groups and they take reservations. (I suspect walk-ins to be more difficult.)"Lion's Head", Yan Du Xian soup, and Wuxi spare ribs were the highlights of our meal.
Came here for dinner.  The atmosphere was really neat.  The space has this 1930's feel to it, kind of hipster-y.  The menu had a lot of pork options for entrees, and only a couple other types of meats/seafood.  The prices (I thought) were rather high for the quality and portion of the dishes that came out.  Not that the food was bad, but it wasn't anything super special.  Personally, I feel I could get a similar quality meal, with more food and lower price at another restaurant.
Pretty good attempt at traditional Shanghainese cuisine with a trendy touch. Most dishes were quite good but I wouldn't say it tasted as authentic as it could've been. Some dishes were just average (the soup dumplings, pork dumplings for example) so I think it's a hit or miss situation. Portions are also pretty small, but they will fill you up fast.That said, I'm comfortable giving China Blue 4 stars because the service and ambiance is pretty decent. I just wish the food could've tasted a little more authentic - then it would be unbeatable!
We came there on Sunday noon for lunch again，that guy helped us to order looked not be glad：（Mapo Doufu is not good，Yuxiangrousi is just ok，Huntun is delocious）...
I've been to China Blue twice now.  The ambiance here is open and relaxing with very high ceilings and generous spacing between tables.  There isn't the hustle and bustle of Chinatown restaurants where they pack them in.  The service is OK, it took awhile for someone to take our drinks and food order but once that was done it wasn't long before the dishes started being served.  The staff all seemed very friendly.The menu has a very good assortment of traditional Shanghainese dishes (meats, veggies, seafood and dims).  China Blue is definitely on my list of go to Chinese/Shanghainese restaurants.
China Blue is an upscale Asian restaurant with an interesting vibe. It is unlike other Asian places I've been to. Most Chinese restaurants couldn't care less about the decor, but China Blue does take a genuine effort to make the place look good and it definitely works. The food is tasty, probably better than many other similar options I've tried in the past. We had a couple of drinks and also the soup dumplings. There are some very good spicy entree options, which worked really well for us. It was a tad bit expensive, but I guess that is understandable for the ambiance and the top notch service that we received. I would probably check this place out again if I happen to be in the area.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant, not too crowd and decent.  I think the cuisines are good. I'm not from Shanghai so I don't know whether it is authentic. The portion of dishes are small, but it doesn't bother us as we can try more dishes with different flavor.
Walked in randomly while walking in TriBeCa on Christmas Day. This place is warm, welcoming, has amazing food. We ordered shumai and fish stew to share. Polite and quick waiters. Wonderful experience.
Below average Chinese. You can get MUCH better a few minutes away in Chinatown and at a fraction of the price. Service is terrible and wait staff seem like they wish they were elsewhere.  Also there is no tipping as it's already baked into the prices. Gives absolutely no incentive to give good service.
A party of 20 (yeah I know that's huuuuge) went there at 5pm today. We tried tofu and duck as  appetizers and they were a perfect match.As for entrees, Pork was rich in flavor, a bit sweet though. Not a fan of Bao but would recommend. Fish was just about the time.For desserts, sesame balls and pumpkin pie were great.They replaced our plates, chopsticks and spoons quite often and refill the water frequently. Waiters were very nice.
Delicious food, great prices, sexyyyyy waiters!!! The bar is awesome - definitely recommend getting a cocktail from the drink menu. They are all named after movies, very cute. Family style food - the shrimp noodles, pork and chicken dishes were all awesome and enough for 6 people with an appetizer of dim sum to start. 10/10 recommend!
China Blue remains a very special place in my culinary mental map. Hidden away in west TriBeCa, this modern Shanghainese food hall boast high ceilings, platform booth seats, communal dining table, a private dining room, speak easy style love seats downstairs, and a beautifully lit stone slate bar. Everything about the interior speaks a cinematic language that's shared by classic films like "In The Mood For Love". The menu is a classic and inventive array of Shanghai style local affairs, from homemade braised tofu 四喜烤麸 to an elegant sea bass 清蒸鲈鱼. The staff are friendly, super professional, and perfectly bilingual. A rare, sophisticated combination of authentic food, excellent service and modern interior design.
Beautiful restaurant and ambience.  The food was pretty mediocre.  It started out promising with savory bean curd sheets which was excellent.  But the sauce for the fish in rice wine was way off - too much vinegar.  But I like the design of the space.
This is a truly undiscovered gem in TriBeCa, and a part of me wishes that it would gain a lot more recognition and foot traffic while another hopes it stays the way it is - quiet, hidden, and great for conversations over great food.We tried this place after learning it was started by the management of Cafe China, which we really enjoy. The food here is Shanghainese and I would call it a slightly contemporary/elevated take on the traditional flavors. Their appetizers are great, homemade food such as soup dumplings, garlic and vinegar cucumbers, and vegetarian duck - they were all done very nicely and with a lot of care and precision, and the taste is impeccable.For the main entrees some of our favorites were sliced fish in wine vinegar (Shanghainese favorite), Three Cups Chicken (chicken with basil cooked in a clay pot, which is Taiwanese but they do a splendid job here), and the shredded pork which is served with a wrap and scallions/cucumber slices. The flavors are authentic and in my view much better than most of the offerings you can find in Chinatown. The decor here is truly something special, it's as if you are transported back to Shanghai in the 1920's - very retro chic, very tastefully done in a loft-like setting, with little decorative touches like paper lamps and bookcases adorning each corner of the restaurant.Really recommend this place for catching up with friends over some good Chinese food - prices a bit higher than most other Chinese restaurants but definitely worth it!
Have been here twice and this should be my choice of Shanghai food when I'm in NYC.The food is a little bit too salty, but generally pretty good and made in genuine Shanghai style.Service is not bad, only that they made us be seated too closely to another table of people while there was actually plenty of room in the hall.
Big Thank You to Xian & staff for always a pleasant time. Here about twice a week & order out once a week. Had a very lively Birthday Party in Private Dining Room. I recommend reservations. xoxo Thanks, Victoria, Caroline & Ian
This place is absolutely beautiful and the food is amazing! I was kind of surprised at the offerings on their menu as it appeared to be pretty authentic stuff, and the prices were pretty reasonable for an establishment that looked so high end inside. I had their thousand year old eggs in pickled chili sauce as a starter and their sauteed rice cakes as my main (sans pork). I also had their Lust, Caution cocktail (on that note, this restaurant looks like it would fit right into that movie and time period). Everything was very flavorful, portion sizes were ample, and the service was pretty good. Would love to come back here soon.
Came here on a friday night with some family and ordered family style. A lot of their stuff is very hit or miss, and their drinks are very watered down. In my opinion, I think their menu is too extensive. Too much to look at. It is also on the expensive side, especially for Chinese food.The lighting isn't great, on the dark side. The waiters are kind of spacey. They took our order and someone else came later and asked if we were ready to order. And on a friday night, the business looked really slow.We had ordered the crispy eel, lions head meatball, turnip cake, curry over crispy rice, duck eggs rice cakes, fried rice, taro puffs, and some sticky rice dessert. The crispy eel was decently crispy. The meatball was standard, probably not hard to make. The rice cakes were nasty. The texture was just grainy and the taste was too eggy/yolky. Taro puffs were just like the turnip puffs - totally not worth it. They were small and tasteless. The sticky rice dessert was surprisingly not bad for what it had looked like. Overall, the place is just meh.Ended up spending way to much money on subpar food.
This place really needs to update their menu. My parents are vegetarian I called the restaurant for delivery asked if they could make a tofu with mixed vegetables in garlic sauce they said they could not do that for me. So I than asked what tofu vegetarian entrees do they have the lady who was pretty rude on the phone said they didn't have anything everything they made had meat in it and there was no way to substitute anything and no way to just order tofu and vegetables in a sauce. What kind of Asian restaurant doesn't have any vegetarian options? And when I asked repeatedly if they could just mix tofu and vegetables they refused to do so. Never again will I try to attempt this place again! they really should train the people answering the phones better - being rude gets you no where.
Atmosphere is very tribeca....slightly upscale, very tasteful decor (love the open space feel to the place). It also has a nice bar area to hang around / have a glass of wine.....all in all a fun place for dinner.Food is just above average, but nothing particularly noteworthy either (dumplings were ok, vegetable and noodle dishes were all fine...but nothing unique in either the preparation, or the combination of ingredients). Portion sizes are small though, so you can try more dishes even if you are just a party of two.PS: Finding the place is a bit hard though...it's on the corner with just a huge (and heavy) door for an entrance without any sign outside
Step into an episode of Avatar: The Legend of Korra.The place is themed to resemble Shanghai in the 1920's, and they did a great job. Apparently it gets packed on the weekends because the cocktails are great and all named after Wong Kar Wai films.In terms of food, expect Western prices. $15-22 for an entree with not-so-Chinese portions. Luckily, it tasted good. We got the pork taro, fish blossom, thousand-year egg, some ribs, and some enoki mushroom dish. All tasted great. But if you're looking for a more filling meal without the cool ambiance, give Chinatown a shot instead.
Thanks for the replying. As for the soup Yan du xian (腌笃鲜) , if u did use cured ham, the soup would have the flavor of Yan . But I tasted none in my soup. Since you removed the cured ham, I had no clue about how well the ham is cured. Based on the taste of the soup, I have my question mark on that. For the fried prawns(油爆虾), the whole frying process should be as short as possible. The shells become crispy and separate from the prawns when frying in the oil. The whole process happens under one minute. That's why the size of prawn matters a lot. When you use large prawns, you have to cut the shell open before frying in order to get flavor in. The dish is nothing like any fried prawns(油爆虾)I had in my hometown. When you name a dish 油爆虾, people who know Shanghai cuisine will have certain expectations. While I understand the dish is limited by the material supply, you can either inform customer you use different materials or change you dish name to something else like fried prawns in *** sauce.(葱爆大虾/红烧大虾）I add one star because the owner takes the time to listen and explain.
Amazing all around! Highly recommend soup noodles and my favorite dish, their shredded beef. Colleagues also love their pork and tofu dishes. Spacious location with great service, China Blue is a must try.
This was my third time here and everything was on point. We made last minute reservations for four and were accommodated on the spot. AMBIANCE - Firstly, the decor is old Shanghai, every detail gives the space great character. It's a hidden gem that is away from where you think you'd get traditional & modern takes on Shanghainese cuisine. ALWAYS A GREAT CHOICE - these dishes can be found at every Shanghainese restaurant and are the ones we know about the most. They, of course, also serve it at China Blue but you can taste the freshness of the ingredients and is all the difference. Be warned, you might not be able to go back to your local Shanghainese spot and eat their food the same again. Pork Soup Dumplings and/or Crab Soup Dumplings - cooked perfectly, just enough soup/juices in each dumpling and the skin, perfectly thin. They're exactly as I remember when I had my first ever soup dumplings. Scallion Pancake - crispy goodness and the side sauce is what makes this standard dish!Drunken/Wine Chicken - delicious, moist chicken in quality rice wine you can taste. I've tried this at other places (and always stop at one bite) but this is the only place I'll actually go in for seconds and even thirds!FLAVORFUL AND DELICIOUS MUST TRYEight Delicacies in Spicy Sauce - the dish is not spicy at all (take it from someone who can't handle spicy) but it didn't matter, it was so good! A combination of sautéed chicken, pork, shrimp, edamame, smoked tofu, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and peanuts. It's saucy but not overpoweringly so. You can still eat bites of it without rice. Chicken with Chive Flower - lightly flavored and a great solid dish. Carp Belly in Brown Sauce - be careful, there are bones in this fish. Perfectly cooked, melt in your mouth goodness. One of our favorite dishes of the night. Rice Cakes with Salted Duck Egg and Shrimp - forget the rice, if you need a carb dish, you HAVE to try this. Salted egg lovers, you may become addicted. We had never tried this dish or seen it anywhere else and it is delicious. My only wish? That it had a bit more scallions to top it off. But still, one of my personal and group favorites. A great spot for a date, family meal or intimate group outing. There's plenty of parking in the area since it's off the beaten path. Fresh food, great ambiance, and an attentive staff - can't ask for more. If you haven't given them a try, you should!
ambiance: quaint, mood lighting, spacious but cozy, blue themed, casual but romantic food: veggie dumplings, chicken soup, fava beans, fish in rice wine soup -- ALL amazing and would order again.cocktails are named after wong kar wai films , how clever
Fast delivery, inexpensive, and no delivery minimum.  There was no shrimp at all in the shrimp and cilantro soup, but perhaps I shouldn't have expected much for $8.
Delicate and delicious. The Xiaolongbao is the best I've ever had. Gorgeous and spacious restaurant.
Great space. Attentive service. Swell cocktails. Food was Ok. Had rice cakes, fava beans, shaved eel, smoked carp, and 1000 yr. old eggs. The favas and carp were the highlights. Both rich with flavors unique to me.Eggs were average, the rice cakes were dull, and the eel dish was light on eel.Good portions reasonably priced.
Have been to this place probably more than five times now, they definitely have a rich menu selection including dishes representing China southern foods. I haven't tried their dim sum menu, but their regular menu is great enough! The service is fast and attentive, the dishes are well made and the ingredients are very fresh. Not to mention their decor, which resembles old Shanghai style interior. A must try if you are craving for authentic Chinese food!
Love this spot. It's a TriBeCa take on Chinese food. Trendy, cute, has good service, good prices, and most importantly, good food. The soup dumplings are spot on. And if you get an order of Shanghai noodles, it's enough to share for the table.
We had an unpleasant experience last night.  First of all, I made a reservation online on Monday for Friday night, however they told me my reservation was canceled when I called them on Friday before we headed over; I did not get any explanation how or why my reservation got canceled....but they managed to eventually get us a table after we arrived. Second, the food was subpar and the service was terrible; it took forever for someone to take our order, and the waiter never checked back after delivering the food.  We wanted to order more food and drinks and literally never had the opportunity to do so.  Overall a very bad experience and I don't think we will be back.
This review came too late, I've been here 3 times and cannot wait to stop by again. They serve the most authentic and delicious Shanghai cuisine in NYC, my friend who is originally from Shanghai introduced me to China Blue for the first time a year ago, we were both stuffed with joy, the meal brought tears to her eyes because she said that "it tastes just like food at home". This is someone who has not gone home for years.From that day I was converted.China Blue is off the West Side Highway near the Hudson River in Tribecca, a very quiet area, it's not the easiest to commute by train, but we drove so it was not a problem. The restaurant is a vintage, classic 1920 kind of China vibe, very spacious, details everywhere, the bar looks like it's from the movies, the staff is polite, good looking, very well mannered. The menu is full of gems.I love the sugar glazed fried eel as appetizer, it's sweet and chewy, crispy and soooo flavorful. It's still on my Best of NYC Top 10 List after so long, and I constantly crave for it. They serve great soup dumplings with crab meat, sweet & sour fried fish filet, meat ball (what we call Lion Head), all kinds of specialty Shanghai dishes that you've never seen at Chinatown restaurants. Everything's authentic, I'd say go with at least a party of 4 so you can taste more dishes from the menu, every plate was full of wonders. The menu is not the typical Chinese ones you find at local spots, where they pretty much just stir fry different meat with the same sauces. Every plate is uniquely made.I cannot rave enough about this place, I would give another 5 stars if I could, and I don't do this with other places I've been to. All my friends that went because of my recommendation loved it. I am already considering what I will have next time I go. If Cafe China deserves One Michelin Star, China Blue should too.
Awesome meal. Have to get the wonton soup; best I've ever had. The selection of dim sum was also excellent.
What a difference a day makes.When I first wrote a 4-star review here and noted the several low ratings and poor 3-star reviews, I wondered what all these people were complaining about. On my return visit tonight, I unfortunately experienced the same terrible things everyone else did.On our first visit, we arrived for the early bird special and were treated with perfect, attentive service since the place was empty. However, we arrived this time at around 8 PM, when the place had many more groups eating, and I've never experienced such awful service, even in the hole in the wall places in Chinatown where terrible service is expected.At least in those other Chinese places they give you a little bit of attention to get you to try to wrap up your meal and leave. Here it was an absolute struggle every time we needed the slightest thing. Also, in those other Chinese places, at least the stuff isn't so outrageously priced.We wanted to try the soup dumplings with the people we were with, so decided to get those again. Five minutes after placing our entire order, one of the several waiters that it was impossible to ever get any help from ran out and told us they didn't have any soup dumplings. Seriously? How do you not have soup dumplings? It's not like the kitchen was closing and it was a random time or something. Bizarre.Anyway, it took way way too long for any of the food to come, but once the entrees finally came, they brought them without any white rice. We had to literally ask 4 different servers to bring us some white rice and only finally received it literally 5-10 minutes later after I was mostly finished with a lot of the dishes. Not only that, but once they finally brought out the little bowls of rice, they were only about half filled with rice. Lame.After being open now for a few weeks, there's really no excuse for this type of service and you would think they would have learned to deal with a slightly busy night by now. At such high prices for small portions of not particularly spectacular food, they've really got to step it up.
Taste-wise - is pretty good.  Taste alone would probably get 3.5 stars, but there's too much MSG in the soup.  And the food tends to be on the sweeter side, a little too sweet for me, but Shanghainese food tends to be sweeter to begin with.Slightly on the pricy side, given that portions are a bit small.  But is a non-tipping restaurant, so given that, is still a little bit on the pricy side, but not as bad as I initially expected.
