This place is perfect. There buffet has everything and so many vegetarian options. The service and ambiance are also great
I am writing this review after having had 5 meals in as many months, as I do not reviews on the 1st or 2nd meal.This place is very well organized and managed.The food is as close to authentic Indian cuisine that can be served in New York without causing heart burn.The management is efficient and the staff is well supervised and thus effective.Special compliments to the server Abhishek.Definitely recommended
The Balti Gohst was good and since I was solo, they offered a 1/2 portion of rice. Service was good but not outstanding.
Waited over 2 hours for food delivery when it was said that it would have been delivered within 25-35 minutes. This was for a business lunch and they've completely messed up the timing of everything. I kept on calling and they kept on telling us that delivery guy was on his way.Find somewhere else to order from, way too many great restaurants in midtown to have to put up with this.
As an Indian I personally love trying food from my country in different cities to get a taste of different styles and culinary customs. Last night we were there, as a group of 12 people we asked if it was possible to have three tabs and separate tables to avoid the 18% service charge. We asked the waiter kindly, he said he'd ask the manager, after 2 minutes he returned and said there was not a problem. So the night continued. We started to notice the waiters were standing right behind us to clear up the table as soon as possible ( we arrived at 9:15 and finished around 22:30, their closing time was 23:00) we weren't offered desert because "they were closed". At the end of the dinner, when we got the tab, to our surprise they had made just one tab with everything in it (although the 3 tables had ordered separately and food was in excess because of that). So we asked if we could see the manager (Garry) who came in with an attitude to start-off. We politely told him that we would like to split up the bill as we had spoken at the start. We didn't have a problem paying it in the case they couldn't, but we asked specifically and they said yes. He said he couldn't split it because we asked the bell-boy and not the waiter (we didn't understand what it had to do with the matter). After that he started arguing that we were uneducated and what not. As a customer we expected a courteous manner as we get in all other restaurants in NYC. He started calling us liars, saying we never asked anyone (we did). After that he started shouting at us and saying we were "scum from india" and that we should go back (we're from Spain). We were surprised to see the behavior in such a restaurant.After that we started taking our things and started to leave, as we left the waiters lined up and started insulting us in Hindi as we left which was not needed.Honestly if you're looking for a good family oriented restaurant which serves you desert past their closing time DO NOT GO HERE. I've been to a lot of restaurants, but I only review the really good ones, I made this exception due to the fact I felt like they were doing us the favor.Thank you Mr Garry and the bell-boys for your hospitality, the only good thing is I learnt many Hindi insults.  Wouldn't recommend it to ANYONE EVER.
I came here with a group of friends on a weekend for lunch, and it was pretty empty (though we made a reservation). I tried a bit of everything, and for the most part, it was okay. I really liked the chili chicken, but everything else was just okay. Meat wasn't bad, wasn't amazing. Vegetables were good. I thought everything could have been a lot more flavorful. The naan was super delicious though, really chewy! The service was okay too, they filled up our water when needed and took our coats when we came in. The buffet was (i think) $15 pre-tax pre-tip, but somehow including tax and tip it became $22.77. Not sure whether the buffet wasn't actually only $15 or whether they charged us like 40% tip or something.
How about adding a dash Hospitality, conduct and manners in your serving skills ? It would not make the Food taste great but would at any rate not drive people into writing Bad reviews !
We were in the mood for some Indian food and since Bukhara was close to our hotel, we ventured out.We were pleasantly surprised - service was attentive without being intrusive and we found a bottle of Diemersdal Sauvignon Blanc (the farm is about 6 kilometers from our home in Durbanville, South Africa) on their menu.  My lamb curry was meaty, the sauce just the right level of burn and the mango chutney was delicious.My partner's butter chicken was flavourful.  Portions are large without being obscene.I ordered cheese and jalapeno samosas as a starter, but the samosa shell was more cookie dough than crispy pastry, so that was not great.All in all would return for the lamb and the service.
This may go down as the best lunch-break deal this side of the isle. Shell out a little shy of $20 to indulge like Indian royalty. Stellar service and waitstaff in my opinion, which is a rarity in most midtown establishments.Food comatose will ensue, I guarantee it. Drown down some coffee before heading back into your cubicle. Dozing off is not professional
While Bukhara Grill carries the same name as it's far more successful counterpart in India, and a wooden menu and style similar to Peshawri, it's experience was far more disappointing for the price you pay.We were a large group of 8 and we ended up paying $50 a piece for 3 appetizers, 5 entrees, breads and 6 beers. I was just telling a friend about how most restaurants put Roomali Roti on the menu but usually have one Chef who can make it, which makes it unavailable more often than not, and what do you know? Unavailable. Disappointment #1. In terms of décor, the place didn't have the makings of a truly classy establishment. The bathroom was an absolute mess. Disappointment #2.The food took an inordinately long time to come. It must've been on the order of 30-40 minutes. Disappointment #3.All said and done, the food wasn't bad. It was actually alright. The curries were spicy. The kebabs were juicy. The naan was absolutely gigantic. If it were part of a pizza if would've been a 36" pizza. However, at the end of the day the food didn't live up to the $50 price tag. Disappointment #4.
The location is decent but the restaurant is very dark. We tried a lot of the signature grill dishes. The flavors were ok but the meat had a strong taste/smell, which you don't really get from fresh meat cooked recently in the tandoori oven. The naans were decent and the service was fine. The search for good Indian food in this city continues.
My fiancée and I had a food tasting setup with each our respective family members. Bringing 8 family members to a food tasting can be over whelming for any restaurant owner, and I respect that opinion. With that said, we had already asked if it will be okay to bring our parents to our food tasting along with each of our siblings, making the total to 8 people. My brother and his wife made it to the restaurant earlier as they live closer to this location than my fiancée and our parents. He walked in, he was greeted by Mr. Raj, and was told he will only be able to accommodate the reservation for 4 and do A la carte for the additional four members who joined which he will discount (this was never asked for, but it was a nice Gesture on his behalf). Though this was discussed with him on the phone and he was ecstatic to meet the family and parents. Before arriving to the restaurant our family had discussed initially we will have a separate check to begin with, because it's not accommodating for any restaurant owner to feed 8 members on-the-house. With all that said in mind, we get seated and moved upstairs to our table, and we begin to place our order for A la Carte awaiting for them to eventually bring our "Food Tasting Food", so my fiancée decides to go downstairs asking him about when will the "Food Tasting" menu be presented to us, so we can critique it, to which Mr. Raj tells her, we haven't started the Food Tasting Menu yet, but you have already had $500 worth of food from the menu, "it seems like as if you're here to celebrate someone's birthday rather than food tasting", but I will give you a discount because you're here for food tasting, to which my fiancée replied we don't need your discount and comes back upstairs. She tells me what happened and I go down ferociously to go speak to Mr. Raj, prior to going down, I asked all my family members to stop eating and I will be closing out the check due to what he actually told my Fiancée. I speak to Mr. Raj and he tells me usually food tasting is done with 2-3 people, not 8... I am sorry, this is the first time I am getting married, but I don't see myself finalizing on food for my wedding without my parents approval nor hers. I asked him to close me out and do not provide me with a discount, I would like to pay the full menu price, to which he still charged $237 after discount, but I insisted him "Please charge me the full menu price, and I don't have any interest of your goodwill with a discount, because that is not why I was there to begin with", he then went back upstairs and charged us the entire $427, this was my second restaurant with food tasting, but I can assure you, it was a miserable one filled with agony and embarrassment. The food wasn't the greatest, the Vegetable Manchurian for over fried, Spring rolls were rock solid hard(very oily) again overly fried. Though, the Lamb chops and the Haryali Chicken were great options on the menu. OBVIOUSLY I won't be proceeding with his services, but I can assure you there are plenty of other Dinner option in NYC that can take you back to India with their taste, for e.g. my option provided below.We did walk over to an Indo-Chinese joint "Spice Symphony" over on  50th and 3rd. somethings do happen for a reason, and I can assure you this place was by far and hands down the closest Indian Chinese and Indian food I've has so far in NYC.
Being Indian, growing up with Indian food, and knowing good from bad has brought me to write this review. Bukhara is one of my favorite places in the city for non veg Indian food (there are only 2 others I will eat at). Their meat quality is great and always marinated well. It comes out tender and their lamb is magically soft. Their tikka masala is very rich and not overly creamy like many other places in the city. one word of CAUTION, do not get their spiciest option. It is rough. We made this mistake once and want to save you from its fury. If you enjoy pain and want to sweat, go for it!!
Stopped here for lunch. Lots of seating space, buffet options were limited, ambience average, service good but overall food average. I think it is too expensive for the quality.
I ordered Seamless from Bukhara for dinner a couple weeks back. I found that while super tasty, it was very expensive and it was difficult to order "for one". I had the chicken tikka masala which was served with a large side of rice. I also had them add garlic naan, raita, and their version of rice pudding.The tikka masala was yummy and I believe I asked for medium spice level and think they hit the nail on the head. The garlic naan was large but tasted a bit stale. The raita was a great addition (but $6?!). The rice pudding was very strange. Most of the rice had dissolved so it was in teeny tiny pieces and the flavor was lacking. Oh and the bottle of water was $3 and not even a full sized water bottle lol.My order was $49 and CERTAINLY could have fed two (I was only able to eat about half of what I was given). I might come back if I'm staying in the area again craving Indian, but I'm not sure.
Quite disappointed! Food looked good, but it lacked real flavor.I would say it's expensive considering the quality of the food and cooking.I had one starter, A main course, Plain Naan and a Beer, $62 + tip. No rice or dessert. There are much better places to go in Manhattan for Indian food.
I used to visit Bukhara Grill several years ago when I used to spend a lot of time in Midtown East. We visited last weekend after a long break, and was not disappointed. Still one of the best places to get Indian foodHits:1. Lamb Chops - I didnt eat this, but my friends loved it. The portion was huge. 2. Tandoor Mushrooms - Very flavorful 3. Chicken Makhani - Omg I could live off that sauce4. Palak Kofta - Very good5  Dal Bukhara - Hands down the best Dal Makhani in townMisses:1. Wine - Sure its no wine bar, but they dont even have a wine menu, unless you want full bottles. Cmon you guys!2. Samosa - It was alright. Not sure why they still call it Potli Samosa, its just the regular samosa. Nothing great!3. Salad - Umm lettuce for 7 bucks? No thank you!Our sever was pushy, which though annoying was almost endearing...reminded me of the old kakajis in all Indian restaurants back home.
Butter chicken was great, huge and delicious naan bread.  Service was perfect (thank you Gyalwang).  My wife and I will definitely be back!
MY MOUTH AND STOMACH COULD NOT BE HAPPIER!!! It has been a loooong time since I've been over the moon for a new place and this is it. As a matter of fact, I'm kind of mad that I've discovered Bukhara Grill because I don't live in NYC and now I'm gonna be dreaming about this amazing food!!! First, butter chicken...oh lord, I could swim in a vat of their creamy sauce!!! The spices sparkle in your mouth. The chicken is tender and fresh. Really, it is THE JAM. The okra, garlic naan, rice, yogurt sauce:  FRESH FRESH FRESH. So flavorful and complement together nicely! Prices and service are great! They are very generous with their serving sizes and naan is huge! So it's a great value that is high quality and above all, one of the best meals I've ever had in the city! (I come here a lot) Do your mouth and wallet a favor. Eat here. Best Indian food I've ever had!!!
Not at all worth the amount they charge for this expensive buffet. They call it Indian spicy but it is not. Being a north indian food lover I was very disappointed with the taste both veg and non veg dishes.
This is a delivery-only review. I've ordered delivery via seamless.com a few times now. Speed of delivery is hit-or-miss. Sometimes fairly prompt, but sometimes long. They do package their items well for travel, which is helpful. I've enjoyed most of the dishes I got here, but they also feel like they're meant to be shared, family-style. Like, I get tired of them, and don't enjoy having an entire meal out of them. Oh, and the mango lassi, while tasty, was a very small serving compared to what I've received from other restaurants. Not worth the price, IMO. The options are a bit different than I usually see in Indian restaurants, so maybe it's a different region or something? I do keep ordering from them, so I guess I like them well enough, but I've just never found an amazing Indian restaurant in the theater district, so the competition is sparse. (Or I'm missing something.)It's also possible I'd love their food more if I ate it fresh, in the restaurant. I'm on the outer edge of their delivery zone, so that might affect the quality somewhat.
Went for dinner on a sat night with the family. So glad we made reservations because we were really not sure how the crowd was going to be. We were seated almost immediately but  the place was packed. The cutlery and plates seamed unclean, so we asked for extra napkins to clean them ourselves. The lighting in this place is very dull with amber/yellow bulbs, it is almost dark in there. The service was prompt and the food was ok. I have had better indian food at several other places. The prices are moderate to expensive. It came out to be $25 per head for shareable plates. We had little leftovers, so the quantity was not a lot as well. I would rather eat at other Indian places in the city and go for better food and experience.
As always fresh and yummy! Everytime I go there I feel I am eating from in Indian Dhaba. Yes prices are high a bit compare to all other indian restaurant I have been too, but I am willing to pay it once in a while because of their good quality.
Food is the standard Indian buffet you can get at midtown east. Came out smelling like Indian food due to the fumes from the buffet permeating my clothes. Shunned by co-workers. Had to change into spare work clothes kept in office. Not going there again if I can help it.
Today was my first and last time going to Bukhara. I suspect I had the same waiter as the reviewer below named Jimena M....but who knows. After reading some positive reviews on Yelp, I thought I would give it a try. There are many Indian buffets in the city and lots of choices, as such, good service is really not negotiable if a restaurant wants to build a customer base. So I sat down and ordered a diet coke with no ice and lemon. I always like to have a diet coke with Indian food. That said, when I'm paying $3.00 for a small glass of soda I prefer to have no ice....so I get more than a couple sips out of the glass. I enjoy my diet coke. Today I had the buffet and ordered my soda with usual instructions diet coke, lemon, no ice. The waiter brings me a diet coke with ice. No biggie...I tell him I ordered a diet coke with NO ice. So instead of saying. "I'm sorry, I did not hear you or I'm sorry I misunderstood you," he begins to argue with me and tells me that I told him I wanted ice in the glass. What? Really? Maybe you did not hear me correctly, no worries, but don't tell me how I ordered my diet coke DAMN IT! So the bill comes and the total is a little over $20 bucks for a soda and the buffet. Despite this ridiculous rudeness, for some reason, I gave the guy a 20% tip. I stand up to leave, passing the manager or owner and waiters and nobody says anything, no thank you or come again or have a nice day...total silence. Overall I would just say the staff was unfriendly and even rude....that is fine, but with so many choices I rather go someplace where they appreciate my business and treat me accordingly. The food was slightly above average. The CTM was good, not great. The nan was fresh and warm, but dry. The buffet was expensive for NYC standards and I don't think the food was worth the price. I would go to Darbar where the food is great, prices are a little more reasonable, and the staff is actually friendly!
Bukhara Grill is a very reliable Indian restaurant that never disappoints.  Service, food quality and the overall dining experience consistently meets or exceeds expectations.I have been visiting Bukhara for dinner or lunch for the past ten years and have always walked away completely satisfied.I also enjoy Bukhara's lunchtime buffet, which allows you to explore a wide sampling of their excellent dishes for less than $20, including a choice of nice desserts.The staff is very helpful explaining the various dishes, and are very attentive to your needs.  Try Bukhara if you like Indian food or just want to give it a try... Chances are extremely good you won't regret your decision to visit this fine restaurant in Midtown Manhattan's East Side!  I highly recommend Tandoori Chicken accompanied with a glass of cold Sweet Lhassi which can't be beat!
Average. This review is based on the weekday buffet ONLY. I am yet to try the Ala Carte Menu. The so called 16 course selection was very uninspiring. 2 chicken dishes  (One which was a very bland and clear looking chicken curry) and just a white rice course. Expected way more for a place like this. But the Tikkas were quite tasty.
I have been coming here for 3 years now & this is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at.  I have been here for both the lunch buffet and dinner. The meals are spiced to perfection..they never watered down the spices or made anything too spicy so its perfect. A few times i asked for the vindaloo spices on the side & it tasted perfect.The restaurant in conveniently located so its easy to get to & the staff is friendly.
I can vouch for this place.  Killer lunch buffet with lots of vegetarian options as well as meat and fish.  great variety and guarantee you won't leave hungry or unsatisfied.  Upstairs is nice and service is good.
Would not recommend. Had Sarsoon ka saag very sour, veg seekh kabab very bad taste and paratha with completely burnt piece. Didn't have a good experience.
Anyone making a good review of this place has either a bland palette, or is ignorant about Indian Food. This place is extremely overpriced for the very tasteless food it serves. The goat biryani was nothing but a few bones and some fat swimming in a terribly spiced bed of rice. The lentils (yellow daal) lacked flavor, it seemed like the rice was cooked a month ago. I ordered my meal to be spicy and they must have messed it up because it was nothing close to it. I feel very strongly about ripoffs, which I strongly believe this place is. There is absolutely no reason for why Bukhara needs to charge so much for the mediocre, at best, quality food that they make. In fact, I wouldn't even pay for it if it were a third of the price, considering I can get better tasting food from the Indian food truck down the street.
Came here with intention of trying out their Food and also ask for their catering service for wedding. Food was good not great but the service was so horrendous. So much attention was paid to a larger table behind us that no one even came to fill up our glass of water the entire service. The waiters nor did the manager cared much, they just kept passing by. Our food got cold because the naan took a long time to arrive. Shame have heard so much good things about this place but the service was so dismal that I don't think I will stop by here again nor use them as caterers.
Came here for a late lunch after celebrating my first Holi festival nearby.  They had a buffet lunch special for $16.95 and it was a pretty good selection of food.  I counted at least 5 different currys chicken and lamb a plenty, rice, stuff with chick peas, stuff that was spicy and stuff that was not too spicy.  Not a bad deal for the area.
Hired Bukhara Grill for my sisters wedding and we were absolutely ecstatic with the service and food.  We had our guests raving about it for days!  Love Vicky he is fantastic and seriously the best!!!! super duper happy and can't wait to have Bukhara for my future wedding. = )
this place is terrible.. i love and know alot about indian food.  If you notice most of the reviews complain about the waiters trying to upsell you and get you to order more. there is a cheap low class vibe about the place and the food is below average and not worth putting up with the place. Last time i went i felt sick afterwards.
I went there today for dinner with my husband. Ordered hariyali tikka and chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. Food was good. Special mention to Mr bhardwaj who took our order. Though the empty glasses were not taken care of. We had to ask for papad and chutney. Great food but ok customer service.
Funny story: my parents live in central Maine, where the only people there are, are French Canadians, and some recent Somali immigrants. Apparently an Indian family moved to town recently and opened a restaurant, and now all my aunts and uncles and my parents are Indian food converts. They're obsessed! And while Mother India in Lewiston, Maine, is exceptional for the area, I'm glad my parents got to experience other Indian food while they were visiting me, and that the place we randomly picked - Bukhara Grill - was excellent. Everything here, from the service to cute upstairs dining area, to the food to the prices, is perfect. I ordered malai kofta, which was excellent. My dad had a lamb dish and my stepmom had chicken makhani and we really killed the whole meal. Seriously delicious food - and I'm so glad because you always want to impress visitors, even if (especially if) they're your parents. We also got drinks, which were great (Dad had a vodka tonic, I had a whiskey soda and my stepmom had yes, an appletini) - which isn't always the case at Indian restaurants in my experience. At the end of the meal, they brought over an assortment of complimentary appertifs, and my dad and I each enjoyed a small glass of brandy (while my stepmom sniffed the bottle in horror, lol). Very classy touch. I don't come to midtown often, but it's really good to know that Bukhara exists. I'd recommend it and if I'm in the area, it will be a go-to restaurant. It really makes me wish the Indian food in BedStuy wasn't so mediocre. *cry*
First of all, the wooden menu and the good service make me feel good here.Then, I love the lamb and shared chicken with my friend, and as an appetizer, the clayed shrimp is awesome.
I was craving samosas. If truth be told, I always crave samosas. So when I saw the solid ratings for this place, I went for some take-out samosas. There are 2 microwaves near the waiting area. First a guy came out of the kitchen and nuked a huge pile of Tandoori chicken. Really??? Then after a 10 minute wait, another guy came out and nuked an order of samosas. Again, really??? There is a window to the kitchen and it did not seem like they were cooking in there and it was around 12:45PM. One of the guys kept on staring through the window. I expect restaurants to actually cook my food. Would it have been so hard to put the samosas in the oven??  And nuking chicken when it tastes so much better freshly made? What is that all about?
I've stopped in to Bukhara Grill for the lunch buffet and dinner. The place is spacious, service is great and the food is delicious. My faves include: chicken makhani (butter chicken), curry pakora, and the goat. The garlic naan is delicious as well, and they've got sweets such as gulab jamun (deep fried dough soaked in sweet rosewater syrup).Definitely worth a stop in. Try the lunchtime buffet if you want to check out a sampling of their foods -- meat and veg options and it includes the naan, all for $17 !
OMG, this is a great Indian food buffet!  Lunchtime is a bit crowded (thus the 4 stars), and a bit pricey, but the food was delicious as promised by most of these reviews.  I will definitely go again on the occasion that I'm itching for Indian food.I'm still stuffed from the lunch buffet (2 hours after eating)!  Well worth the 10 block hike that I took to get there.
best place for a Sunday lunch buffett. pro-tip, sit upstairs at the back. it's nice and open
Best Indian meats kebabs restaurant you will find In the tri state.5 star on the overall meat variety, flavor and tenderness for sure. Lamb chops are the best I've ever had and something I dream about at times. It would probably be the one bite id want before I die. It's that good.  Gravys, curries and daals here are all great too but that's just add ons when we come here. Eat the kebabs and the lamb chops to start and then go crazy!All of their kababs are so succulent and melt in your mouth with a taste and flavor that will keep u coming back. Pricey and the servers try to up sell too much and get very annoying but  the quality of food and just overall coolness and uniqueness .. is so worth it! This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the tri state NYC area
Had the buffet on a Sunday. Very disappointing. They have a large variety of buffet items but none of them stand out. I was expecting good naan but it too was disappointing. The naan was not chewy. The garlic naan was not garlicky. This is my first and last time here.
Well I must say I'm not familiar with indian food, but this one in particular was really delicious! The staff was incredibly attentive and kind to me and the person with me. Everything was prompt and they always made sure we were having a great experience.Oh and I love the waiters uniforms! Felt like in an international trip!
Based purely on the lunch buffet,  this midtown multi-level restaurant (3 floors) boasts an outdoor seating area on the 2nd floor for those awesome fall/spring days.  Featuring Northern Indian food, the buffet here is a little bit pricier then other Indian buffets in the city, however it offers more than the others do.   Everything they had there was solid.  When we first got there, they didnt have naan, mango lassi and half of their usual buffet offerings.  It wasnt until about when we were stuffed and ready to leave that they started to bring out the rest of the buffet as well as naan baskets for individual parties.  We were not early either, we arrived at the restaurant around 1230PM,  and at around 1-130PM is when they start rolling out everything.  I thought it was odd, but later the management discounted our meals 50% because of this mixup.  The discount came unannounced and obviously welcomed.  Definitely a solid lunch place, however I wouldnt recommend going back to work afterwards because you will for sure get the itis.  Unless of course you want to pass out in your cubicle at work, then by all means go here!
Tasty Indian Food in the East 40's Came here for dinner not the buffet lunch.Thanks to our fellow Yelpers we successfully navigated our way to Bukhara Grill.  A few suggestions from the reviews jumped out at us.  They were spot on!  My friend who was with me had quite the attire on and we didn't have the strange looks or rude wait staff.  No one pushed us when we didn't order wine and we had a DELICIOUS meal that left us both stuffed and unable to order dessert.THREE dishes worth coming for:1. Kadai Cholley; chickpeas cooked with: ginger, spices, and coriander. I could eat this every day. 2. Malai Kabab; boneless chicken breast seasoned with: herbs, spices, ginger, garlic, and mace. This was our favorite dish!3.  Chicken Biryani; an excellent rice dish.  Also available with lamb or vegetables.  Would like to try the veggie one next time.  SO yummy!     All were delicious! Excellent service, prompt seating, and friendly wait staff. Dimly lit, upscale, cozy, and yet still casual.  All type of dress would be comfortable here.Date Rating: 6 (good for business dinners, family dinner, or a nice quiet date)Pick up Scale: 1 (definitely a family type atmosphere)Strong Suggestion: Try at least one of the three dishes I mentioned; they were really good.
Very good Indian food at insane prices. The lunch buffet might be worth it - I can't attest to that since I didn't try it, but others seem to rave about it. We just had dinner. Now, everything we had was delicious and very well prepared, but the price tag was insanely high.Unlike any other restaurant that I've been to, you pay separately for each item on the menu. If you order chicken, all you'll get is chicken without sides. If you want a side dish with your chicken, you'll pay for that separately. And each items is priced very high. Just to give you an idea: $30 for 4 shrimps (granted that they're the biggest shrimps (actually prawns) you'll see, but still, $30?!), $28 for two (!) pieces of lamb chops, $19 for a bowl of okra (!), $8 for a bowl of rice, and so on. Just check the menu. Mind you that the portions aren't tiny but not overly generous either. At the end, the bill will be hefty. Real hefty.If it were 20-25% cheaper, it would have been my go-to Indian restaurant. But at these prices, I'd think twice before returning.
I just signed up for yelp and decided to follow a personal vow 3 years ago to rate this place. I decided to go here when visiting NY due to its reviews and late hours. In my honest opinion, the food was at best a 5/10 but reduced to a 2/10 given that my taste buds were under serious scrutiny- every bite was closely monitored by about 5 employees: and it didn't seem like genuine leap to serve customer stares but rather awkward and uncomforting. On top of that the portion did not match the price and the price failed to reflect the quality. You'd probably be happier with one of the NY halal food carts then this place.
i did excpect the food to be a little better. most indian place i have been to in the past have bigger portions bursting with flavor. given this place had 4 stars before, sometimes the expectiations kill it. nonetheless, service was great water was refilled more than 10 times-which was needed. in retorspect, i should have asked him to keep the pitcher on the table.
Vicky and Bukhara did an excellent job catering our Sangeet and Wedding Reception. Vicky was an integral part of planning the menu for both events. The food turned out perfectly and the presentation was on point. We would highly recommend Vicky to anyone and we will definitely be using Bukhara in the future!
Just went with coworkers for lunch buffet.  $16.95 is a great deal.. yummy appetizers and lots of selection of main courses too.  We showed up for lunch without a reservation (Indian buffet @ lunch time.. seems like a no-brainer) but they looked at us weird when we said no reservation... luckily they sat us down (5 at a table for 4, but we made it work).. so all in all, i was happy.  Nice service, great food, good price.  Next time, I will make a reservation for sure.. And there will be a next time!
Okay! Had the Curry Lamb lunch, it's a hearty serving of meat and a humongous piece of bread, rice and a side of green creamy veggie... Veggies came wrapped in foil...? That went straight into the trash bin... I was STARVVING since I woke up, 6a.m so I ate pretty quick, a bit too quick... When I eat Indian, I sock up all the sauce and oil onto the rice, bread, my fingers, yea, I'm nasty! Go through countless napkins....  Well, I just finished my meal and drank a seltzer... Whew! Not feeling too stong right now, food bubbled up and settled in.. I think I ate too much... Now it is a waiting game to have this stuff make it's exit.... (sitting at my desk trying to not focus on the gut) ughhh....Meal was good, I just got a bit too ahead of myself... Need to use chopsticks next time instead of spoon to slow my pace down...
I was craving Indian so I was looking forward to eating here today. Overall, the food was average and there was a good selection to choose from but I thought half of the dishes were pretty bland and so for the price I probably won't return. Also, I get that it's a buffet and the dishes can't be piping hot but a lot of them seemed lukewarm, which may be partly why I didn't enjoy the food as much. I never thought I was the type of person to care about the temperature of my food either! But even the naan wasn't warm when we got it, which just seems so wrong to me! They also gave us two baskets of naan but must've deemed us unworthy and took one away a few minutes later. I'm all for not wasting food but what if I had touched it already!I will say that I did enjoy the chicken makhani, probably my favorite dish in the buffet. They also had a chili chicken dish that oddly reminded me of Chinese food. It also wasn't spicy like I thought it would be. I paid just over $31 for lunch today ($16+ for buffet, $7 for a Kingfisher, plus tax and tip). I'll stick to Darbar (slightly less expensive) or even Joy Curry and Tandoori if I'm craving Indian for lunch.
Best Indian food in NYC! This is the most authentic Indian restaurant we have found in Manhattan. It is way better than all the North Indian restaurants we have tried in Curry hill. Everything is absolutely delicious. The entree portions are humungous. This is the place to go if you are looking for good Indian food apart from swanky Michelin restaurants (junoon and tamarind).
I ordered the lunch box takeout and it was very good. The portions were large and the food was very tasty. This restaurant was recommended to me by a south Asian so I knew it had to be good. It was not bland at all. I'll definitely be going back.
Been to this place a couple of times for their lunch buffet. This is one place that offers a wide variety in their buffet and most of the items are popular among Indians and non-Indians. Definitely a go to place when you can't think of a lunch place to go. This is popular during weekday lunch buffet too among office crowd. They have a small outdoor space with just two tables but it's pretty nice especially during the summers. Must try
The BEST Indian restaurant in NYC, hands down! Still to try the buffet, but I have tried pretty much all the vegetarian options on the menu and not even one of them has let me down so far. I've been born and raised in India, and I can swear by the authentic Indian taste of the food here!Must-try:- Dahi Aloo Papri - Daal Bukhara- Karari Bhindi
Overrated.  The food delivered was late and tasteless.  Both the smoked black lentil dish and spinach were overly-pureed (read: baby food) and under-seasoned;  not sure which trait was worse!  The chicken skewers were recognizable, but seriously underwhelming.  The best thing we ordered was the flat corn bread.   Not planning on ordering from Bukhara again.
3.5 Stars.Another late night in the office (many of those lately, unfortunately) and I had a craving for Indian.  As usual, I was overwhelmed by the sheer number of choices on Seamless, so I checked out Yelp!I ordered my usual... Lamb VIndaloo and Naan.  This was solid, very good even.  The Vindaloo was extremely spicy, like spicy to the point that it's in my mouth and it's so hot that I start to pant and breath with me mouth open in hopes of mitigating the burning sensation on my tongue and in the back of my throat.  Maybe it was a little too spicy... actually, because it was so unexpected.  The lamb was quite tender, I only tasted on off piece, but it's lamb and that happens sometimes.  The Naan was a nice texture, soft yet hearty.  (Still not touching the buttery amazingness of Bombay Heights, but a close second.Okay, so this is on the pricy side.  I'm not sure if I would be willing to pay that much money for delivery --- actually, I'm sure I wouldn't be willing to pay that much money if it was on my own dime.  $22 is pretty steep for a delivery entree.  To be fair, the sizes are ginormous, so you can definitely share.I'll order again. A Little Tip:  It's always a better idea to do a Yelp search first, rather than cross referencing the 5 starred restaurants on Seamless.  Sometimes 5 stars on Seamless equals 2 stars on Yelp.
10 years ago Bukhara Grill was one of the best Indian restaurants in the city, and after Tabla one of my favorites. The quality and cleanliness of the food, tables and service have since fallen so far it's hard to believe owners Vicky, Raja, and Bachan even visit the place anymore-- whoever is running things has clearly lost their passion (and their dishwasher). I notice the negative reviewers are agreeing with what my wife and I experienced last night: disgusting smell, bland food, horrific service, and dirty tables and dishes, which make the high prices, justified during the glory days, entirely unwarranted.ABOUT ME: Over a decade dining at NYC Indian restaurants, 4+ years in India. I'm half Indian, and my wife is Indian. If the overall experience is OK I can forgive bad service, dirty dining-ware, and even bland food, and I am polite to all restaurant staff including busboys and servers. CLEANLINESS: We were immediately struck by the visible chunks of hardened food on the table, silverware, and wine glasses and the bad bathroom-y smell.FOOD: Completely bland (surprising, considering how good it used to be), with the same tomato based, pasta-like sauce on both our Chicken Vindaloo and our Gazab Ki Boti.SERVICE: I asked our waiter (politely and discretely, so as not to embarrass the restaurant or other diners) not once but twice for the thick black grease to be wiped from the underside of my wife's side of our table, after her forearms came up covered in thick streaks of black grease. We were finally asked to simply move to a new table, which we did politely and without complaint. Whereupon new people were seated at the old table WITHOUT THEM CLEANING IT UP! After that party left, yet ANOTHER person was seated there, and still, NO CLEANUP! How many shirts were ruined by the staff's bad attitude last night?PRICE: Our bill for two nearly identical tasting main courses, no appetizer, and a $36 bottle of wine came to $100. Simply not worth it when NYC has so many better Indian restaurants across the city (from Saravaana Bhaavan, to Vatan, Tamarind, Seva and Dosa Delight). In hopes of making Bukhara Grill much more money (and we your clientele a much better dining experience), I share with management the below:ADVICE:1. Clean your mops and use different mops for the dining area and restroom. Your dining room smells like a bathroom.2. Have your dishwasher rinse everything before putting it in the dishwasher-- or you end up with the hardened food chunks on wine glasses, plates, silverware as found by myself and my wife last night and by other reviewers.3. Train your waitstaff to be friendly. Even smile. Perhaps I just had your one bad waiter, but given everything else we experienced, I doubt it. Tourists may put up with haughty waiters, but New Yorkers know better. We know we have Curry Hill and Jackson Heights to get better food and better service at half the price. We know the best restaurants in New York distinguish themselves not only by great good and clean decor, but simple, unpretentious service. Tamarind, Junoon, others are good at this-- Tabla was great at it. The only people I saw getting good service were the Delhi-ites treating the waiters with typical disdain. Classic. 4. If a customer asks politely that you clean the thick black grease off the underside of a table which has just stained his wife's shirt, do it. Don't make them ask a second time, but if you do forget (to err is human, afterall) do not ask the guests to switch tables. Just clean the table! Whatever you do, do NOT seat new people at the dirty table without cleaning it, as you did.We wanted to have a good time and not play Gordon Ramsay, and as your waitstaff clearly doesn't care, we let it go, didn't even ask that our dry cleaning bill be paid. Like adults, we carried on with our evening. Did you respond by doing what good good restaurants do, offering us a drink or bill reduction? No, you gave us an extremely disingenuous 'sorry,' dripping with contempt, after we showed only politeness and patience. I guess we should have behaved towards you as the Delhi-ites nearby did, with dismissive scorn-- your staff absolutely fell over themselves to serve them. Pathetic. Makes me embarrassed to be Indian. 5. Stop using the same base sauce for what are supposed to be completely different dishes. Some white people may fall for it, and Indians who've spent this much money will pretend to fall for it, but no one familiar with authentic Indian cuisine is fooled.Here's hoping you improve your reputation and your profitability by heeding the above and finding your passion again, for food, for service, for respectable behavior. Until then, shame on you.
I'm not one to frequent many different types of Indian restaurants.  Sensitive stomach and finicky palate.  I tried Bukhara on the suggestion of a co-worker who orders often.  I had the chicken rice bihryani and I have been a fan ever since.  An avid one.  This dish has just the right amount of heat (which builds as you eat) and the layers and combination of flavors and spices is amazing.  I like their nam bread and if you want to cool off your tongue, their ice sorbets in the fruits' shell is a great way to do so.  Can't say I have tried a full range of their food but for ME, that one dish is worth returning for!
I go to Bukhara Grill with my co-workers every few months.  The food and service are consistent each time, and we know just what to expect.  The ambiance is very nice and the lunch buffet selection is the typical delicious Indian food line-up.  Lunch usually comes out to about $20 a person for the buffet, which may sound a bit pricey, but you do get a lot of food for those bucks.  The staff is attentive, and we tend to be seated pretty quickly.  You can't go wrong here!  It is definitely worth the trip for some tasty Indian fare.
Don't let the basic decoration and the plastic on the seats put you off. This place is well worth a trip.  That said, it is for this reason I went for 3 rather than 4 or 5 stars. Went here with some work colleagues when our client was eating at the steak and chop house around the corner. (Our bill was half theirs!)Food is plentiful and delicious. The chicken in particular was very succulent. Would advise ordering a little less than you think you need -you will still have  leftovers.
Fantastic lunch buffet! Many selections and everything is very well prepared and ample. It is a great decision for a lunch out of the office. The staff does tend to hover over you to make sure you are happy.
Loved the Naan (5 Stars), but they should give a larger portion of curry for the price I was paying.  4 Stars overall mainly because of quality vs. price (would give 3 stars if it's not in Mid-Town).  I love the atmosphere overall, but the staff should be more attentive since they all didn't seem too friendly or enthusiastic about their jobs.
i'm gobbling up my leftovers from last night as i write this - omfg this food is amazing!we ordered the chicken makhani, gazab ki boti, garlic naan & vegetable biryani. the waiter also brought over an appetizer on the house (a gooey but delightful concoction of potatoes and crisps smothered in sauce - think it was the dahi aloo papri). everything was (and still is!) divine. the chicken makhani was rich and tender and the exquisite blend of spices in the gazab ki boti was like a symphony in my mouth (and i don't even like lamb). the garlic naan was massive and really tasted like fresh garlic (in a good way) and the vegetable biryani was the perfect accompaniment. the only thing that could've made this better was a cup of chai which i didn't see on the menu. will definitely be coming back!
Probably some of the best Indian food in the city. Warm and cozy atmosphere even when crowded. Big portions, and every dish you order is delicious. Call me crazy but I love the wood menus!
My favorite Indian restaurant in the neighborhood and my go to place whenever I'm looking for Indian for lunch. They are not stingy with the heat, so be warned. The food isn't all heat, though. The flavors are wonderful. My faves are the saag, the choley and their korma.
The food was fantastic but the service was BAD BAD BAD!! Even thou we had styaed there less then an hour, the waiter kept on pushing us to leave even before we where done eating. He kept coming to us asking for our plates even when they had food in it, and didn't leave our table giving us all bad looks. Recommend it for FOOD, but like every other indian place - THE SERVICE SUCKS!!!
Really awful! Went there one Friday for a work lunch (lunch Buffet) - was not impressed with the options or the service. Worst part was that I and two other of my colleagues were quite sick several hours later (i.e. think throwing up in a public place food poisoning style). Don't recommend unless you want to clean out your system in a very unpleasant way!
Great Indian buffet lunch!  There was a great selection of dishes with plenty of vegetarian options as well.  It's always tough because you want to try everything and it's a lot of food.  We arrived just before noon when the buffet was freshly laid out and didn't have to wait in line at all.
My coworker and I ate dinner one evening while traveling to NYC for business. As many have already said the atmosphere is unique but tasteful with unusual wooded menus.  The menu was slightly different than the typical Indian restaurants. Maybe different region of India represented?  Didn't see sag paneer my personal fav. We ordered samosas, subzi ki tarkari, palak ke kofte, basmati rice and plain naan. The flavors were spot on giving them the 4 stars. Great flavors, even the chutneys they served were great. Oddly not heavy on curried spices. I personally like my naan more bread like but was more airy is my only complaint of the food. Portions were very reasonable ( we had leftovers to go). Staff were pretty attentive but slightly pushy asking several times if we wanted alcoholic beverages. All that praise so here is the other side. Yelp prices them at $$ signs which is way way inaccurate. They prices are high considering that you pay for the rice (cheapest $8) with your average $18-20 entrée. The place is very expensive in my book for the food.  You know some place in India serves those dishes for a fraction of that price. That's my only complaint.
I've been to the Bukhara in the Maurya Sheraton in New Delhi many times, and it's set the bar for "Indian restaurant food." (For me this means lots of Mughlai dishes, kababs and naan.) While in NYC on a business trip, lots of coworkers were interested to see what Indian food I considered good, so I placed my bet on Bukhara. They did not disappoint. It was a weeknight, and things were quiet, but the service made up for the quietness. The ambience was natural/rustic all the way down to the menu printed on a slab of wood amf the large plaid bibs they provide you with.  (They have these in the Delhi location, too.) The food was excellent. Perfectly spiced, falling apart tender meats, mmmmm. Beautiful, perfectly crisp hot buttered, naan... Everything was delicious. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.If you like lamb, try the Sikandari Raan, it's a marinated leg of lamb cooked in the tandoor until it falls apart. Heaven.
Bukhara was my first Indian Lunch Buffet experience in NY. And this place did not disappoint me. The food is amazing, service is par excellence and variety is awesome.PROSGood Location - Easy to spot.Superb food - The food here is simply amazing. The taste is so authentic, I got reminded of the Bukhara in New Delhi. The spices are catered to everyones taste buds.Awesome Variety  - The spread for the Lunch Buffet to put it in one word is awesome! If you can find two different type of dishes in Chicken, Fish, Lamb in NY apart from Bukhara please yell at me. Vegetarians do not get disappointed, you have 2 times the non-veg fare. Great Service - The waiters are 'on the ball'. Your glass is never empty; water is served at lightening speed. Your basket of Nans (Breads) keep on coming even before you grab a seat. You can ask your waiter to help you with your coat or jacket. Not many Indian eat-outs have this, if you scrutinize closely.Brimming quantity of Food - These guys are ceaseless when it comes to refilling. Quantity is assured with Quality.CONSAlmost always crowded - Needless to say, the food is so amazing. Prior reservations are highly recommended.Cramped interiors - Typical Indian restaurant, try to squeeze in as many as they can for the Buffet. Movement can be restricted on a bad day, and you get on to one of those long, wretched lines just to get an extra helping of Chicken Tikka Masala.Costly - Had it not been for the $20 Buffet, I would have given it a 4.5. or a 5.To put it in perspective - ITC Grand Sheraton. Mumbai offers an unlimited Buffet for $20 = 1000 Rupees, only difference; its a 5 Star Chain.VERDICTIf you can TRY all the dishes on the menu (Buffet); You have an appetite of a Ogre. Definitely give this place a shot. But for the cost, this place is amazing. HIGHLIGHTSIf they serve the Chicken- Curry Style and if you can endure the spice give it a try. It is superb. You can also make your own Chat (Garbanzo beans,Indian style Chips, Green Chutney, Tamarind Chutney and sliced Onions with some sour Yoghurt).
I'd give this place another chance....was excited by the reviews so i ran there after getting i fron LGA and chexking into my hot...but found the experience to be rather uneven. They replaced my dish for free as it was not spicy at all....despite me asking for it 6/10 spicy. ...that was nice of them i guess. However....one naan, one entree and two beers almost $60 with tip. Wasn't worth it in my opinion.
Great appetizers, but was not all crazy about entrees. Certainly tasty, the ambience seems dated. The service was ok and waiters seemed to be in a rush. They did however accommodate our requests promptly. The appetizers came in quickly but we had to wait for a long time for entrees. Donot order fresh lemon soda. It was not good.
The food was amazing.  We started with the Lamb Seekh, which was a bit spice but very flavorful.  Then shared the Subzi Ki Tarkari vegetables which had the most amazing blend of spices, complemented with an order of the Chicken Makhani, which had a more subtle flavoring.The staff was very nice, but maybe could have a been a bit more attentive with the water.  otherwise, great food within a very nice decor.
I've been to many Indian restaurants around US, but this one definitely special.Starting from those hilarious bibs and metal cups and menu made out of wooden board made this place a special and unique spot with its own character. The food selection was extensive. I had lamb - it was delicious! Also the garlic naan was tasting great, and baked in an oversized portion. It looked like a giant slice of pizza. So cool!The staff was taking a good care of us throughout the whole dinner. I'll be back!
I came here for lunch buffet.,,,, they have a very good variety of food and it tastes really good.... They severed pani puri too which was greaaattt!!! ..... They had many options for dessert too....!!! Buffet is definitely worth the money!
Came here for lunch  not even knowing that they had a buffet. Upon request the host gave me a brief explanation of each dish, it's popularity with customers, and if he thought I would like it. He also loaded my plate for me. The bread served at the table was also hot and fresh. The service was wonderful. The food was fresh, tasty and full of many varieties. I can't wait to go back.
This is a place where you would bring friends/family who are visiting NYC, not for your ordinary New Yorkers due to the high prices but I gave it a shot anyways since I've heard good reviews about it and I was bringing friends that were new to Indian food.  We made a 6:30 reservation and were promptly seated on the upper level upon arrival.  At the time the restaurant was empty but started to fill up within the next hour.  It's pretty dark on the 2nd floor so makes it hard to read the menu.  My friends were new to this type of food so I ordered a variety of things on their behalf.  We ordered the following for appetizers: dahi aloo papri, tandoori shrimp and chicken seekh.  For the main courses we ordered, chicken makhani, chicken vindaloo and rice with the bread basket and roomali roti.  In my opinion this was more than enough for 4 people.  However, the manager or whoever the annoying pushy guy was had a bit of an attitude that we didn't order enough and was keen on making us order more.  Food was definitely great, just not worth the price unfortunately.  As I mentioned this spot is more geared towards tourists.The shrimp appetizer sadly had 2 pieces for $15!  Huh?  And when I politely asked the manager aka pushy guy about how many pieces - I was shocked and appalled.  I asked him if I needed more, he goes you'd have to order 2 - "This is America, nothing is free" - verbatim.  That was rude and uncalled for.My main gripe from this first and last visit is the service.  Service is pushy, rude and hovering over you while you eat so it makes the experience uncomfortable.  The waiters must have come over our table 3-4 times in a matter of 5 minutes asking us if we wanted dessert or hovering as we weren't ready.  If you don't believe this review, sort all the other reviews by lowest rating and you'll see the first 3 are about pushy and rude service.As I said, the food we ordered was more than enough as my friend and I took plenty of leftovers including rice and naan.  By the way rice should be included with any main entree you order - except when you go to a place in the city :).  Total per person came out to $40.  Visit a place in Queens or Long Island - $40-$50 will be the cost of your entire bill for 4-5 people.
While the food is delicious, fresh and VERY flavorful, be careful of hidden charges!!  We went saturday evening- 2 women and 2 teenage girls and the bill before tip was $238!!! with just 4 very yummy mojitos.  At Hotel Kimberly, we asked for a recommendation for a reasonable restaurant.  I consider that price VERY EXPENSIVE!!! We ordered the grilled shrimp app which we thought was $15 and they brought us a double order without asking!! rude...and yet they tried to make up for this type of trickery with complementary app (yogurt with spices) and complementary tapioca pudding.  My Chicken Tikka masala and my daugher's chicken were plentiful but we were told we needed rice and lentils (another $25)-- I know you are thinking "why didnt you say No to some of these suggestions" but the strong drinks apparently affected our judgement!!  HMMMM? My daughters friend said her Lambchops were delish.  The vegetarian option in a creamy sauce was also very good.  I think meals at these prices should come with Rice!!We ordered Naan and it was suggested that we get the variety bread basket which was $15 vs. just $6....we then had 6 slices leftover.  Way too much food for 4 women!!Go eat but beware...maybe as others have said, order takeout
Been to this restaurant twice in a month and it is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. The Daal Makhani, Chicken Makhani and Tawa Crab are fabulous but what draws me back each time is the Sikandari Raan (Marinated Whole Leg of Spring Lamb). It is absolutely delicious!The service is excellent as well. I will have this on top of my list on each visit to NYC.
I ordered appetizers and chicken tandoori . The chicken was dry and nothing special.  The mango juice tasted as if it was out of a bottle.  There was no a/c and the outdoor seating was sub par.  The food was way over priced also, especially for the environment and type of food.  Save your money and go to junoon for similar prices but much better food and environment.
I went here for my 21st birthday dinner with my family. BY FAR, the best Indian food I have ever had in my life. The naan bread was huge! The food was absolutely superb!! We ordered lamb korma and chicken tikka masala, both mild. I can't even compare Bukhara's flavor to another Indian joint, they are on a whole other level! They are a little more pricey than normal, but what do you expect... You're in NYC!
I always rate for overall value.  The food here is quite tasty, but when you combine that with price and service I will say the returns are not very good!  E.g. we went there on Mothers Day - I asked for a shot of tequila with lime juice and salt on the side.  First I got tequila and two very thin slices of lime with salt.  SO i politely told the server to get me lime juice, which he told me they had. So he returned with (probably Costco brand) Margarita mix in a glass....I did not discuss this matter further.  They do not have a cocktail menu, and this shot was $14!  We had to ask for water a bunch of times, in a pricey restaurant like this one shouldn't have to ask for water, or any other refills.  The 'papadm' we got didn't taste very fresh, but perhaps this is just the brand that they use.The overall ambiance, and comfort is also 3 *.  The five of us were given a table that is ideal for 4, not for 5.   To enjoy the good tasting food that they have it needs to be accompanied by great service and equally nice ambiance.  (note; This was my third visit in last 6 months but I think I will wait for a while for my fourth visit)
I really liked the food and the breads were especially excellent!  Def. get the garlic Naan.  Anything off the grill is excellent.  The pepper chicken sauce was very tasty & good vegetarian selection.  The service was very polite and accomodating.  Overall a very good experience & I would go back!
One of the best indian rest in the city.Everythign I had here from appetizers to dessert was fantastic, I was with a group of 3 and everyone raved!
Originally, this was a bit of a turnoff because the waiters are somewhat abrupt and not very helpful - but the food more than makes up for it.  We had some very tasty Indian food in a comfy clean environment. Most of the patrons here are Indian. We had the tandoori chicken, tandoori salmon and nd mustard greens. All of the dishes were tasty. The warm Naan was awesome - a huge fresh-baked piece of warm, delicate bread. The only downside was that the beer is all bottled and the glasses were dirty (foam on the sides).
I'll keep this review pretty short! This place is great! A bit on the high end for prices but everything and I meant everything on the menu is worth it.We had them for our wedding and Vicki and his team gave us the best service we could have asked for. We debated between Moghul and Bukhara. Moghul has gone downhill the last few years in service and quality where has everyone knows the black uniforms of Bukhara!Great food and great service! The old style  utensils are a unique touch!
Very good lamm Madras and byrani, but the chicken tikka sizlar wasn't finish. Good With Big portions with reasonably price, love the Big naan bread!
recently dined here on a business trip to NYC.  Loved the ambiance (sort of a Himalayas-meet-the-tropic sort of feel) and the awesome naan bread.  The mango lassie and chicken tika are a must.
Great buffet.
I've never eaten in the restaurant, but my office orders dinner here most Friday evenings for our end of the week meeting. If you want cheap Indian food, you should go to Curry Hill or Jackson Heights, but this food is so worth it.I've tried so many of their dishes because we typically order a bunch of food and then sample each others. The portions are huge and there is always food left over. My favorite is the Shani Murgh Korma, which tastes like cardamom and cloves. Not everyone's taste, but I like it. I also love that you can order the chicken dishes with only white meat. The chicken tikka is also great, as is the kadai cholley (chana/chickpeas), palak bhutta (spinach), dahl baingan (eggplant), gobhi taka tin (cauliflower), palak ke kofte (spinach/cottage cheese meatballs). We also get the vegetable fritters, samosas, and naan for appetizers and those are all great as well. Their delivery usually takes about an hour or more, but, to be fair, we do place a large order and they have a fair amount of travel to get to my office. I really want to dine in and experience the food when it comes immediately out of the oven. But even though I've only ever eaten it out of plastic take-out containers, it is amazing!
I was a liiittle skeptical before walking into this place, and I wasn't really in the mood for Indian food at the time, but I'm SO glad we went. The food has great flavor! Haven't found Indian food THIS good in Miami yet...*hint hint* - you guys should move.The service could have been a little better...they didn't ask us if we wanted anything to drink, and barely came to us at all. We waited a WHILE before finally getting ANYONE'S attention ourselves to help us out...other than that, great place!
This place was on my block so I decided to try it with a friend one night. We literally ended up paying $100 for two entrees and two drinks. Not to mention that the food is nothing special and they do not serve it. With any type of bread such as naan which should be complimentary with Indian dishes. Also, the service is very pushy and made me feel uncomfortable. So yes, if you are looking for waaaaaaaay overpriced Mediocre Indian food, this is your place. If not, do not come here...I know I'll never be back unless I hit the jackpot.
The food was cooked to perfection. This is truly N.Indian authentic food. The best part about it was that it was halal(kosher). The best Indian food with a decent atmosphere in Manhattan.
ok the minute you step in you smell the tasty indian aroma and you feel you'll be having an authentic meal love the atmosphere, decor, plates & cutleryservice was really great as for FOOD we tried a variety of things and here is my take         1. the complimentary chutneys were great         2. the Samosas get an A+, could say the best in the city & I'd go back for them         3. stay away from the curries, not worth ordering or the money         4. tandoori meals are ok, I liked the Jumbo Shrimp         5. bread was good and fresh so to sum up, if your a fan of curries like I am this is not the spot. if you want good service & a nice place come here and get the Samosas & tandoori
After trying about half a dozen indian places in midtown, this was the first one that I would order from again. I got the yellow lentil dal and paneer in a tomato based sauce. Both dishes were flavorful and not too oily. The tandoori paratha bread was also delicious and I highly recommend it for anyone ordering here.
Good quality Northern Indian cuisine. Portions are good. One Naan is good for two persons, they are huge! Recommend the Chicken Korma, very tender chicken. Mango Lassy is everywhere a classic drink. Only point of critic, it's slightly overpriced and $8 for just a side of rice is too expensive.
So two of my friends suggested that next time we go out for Indian I along with our little group of friends / foodies need to try this place out. So on Wednesday night we went and after our meal as we walked it off my buddy who recommended the place asked how I liked it, I said " the pressure is on, you now have a reputation to uphold."First off we picked the worst week to try this place out because the UN was in session this past week so it took us forever to find parking in the area. I believe that our reservation was for 9 and we didn't walk in till 9:45 and we were greeted with open arms by the owner most likely because my friends who recommended the place had used them to cater their wedding. The owner was very nice regardless and took the time to talk to us newbies and show me some of his favorite dishes after we had taken our seats.After taking everything in and eating some of the complimentary pappad which is a usual standard while you look at the menu we had put in our drink and app orders. There were 6 of us so we got to try a variety of things. We had ordered the dahi aloo papri, paneer, tawa crab, tandoori shrimp and pickled mushrooms. I can't speak for the mushrooms but the paneer and shrimp were good, nothing crazy special but definitely above par. The dahi aloo papri was excellent but if you screw that up your in trouble but crab however was exceptional, the clear winner of the appetizers. Now  onto the main dishes, as usual we ordered more than we should have but isn't that what next day lunch is for? Our main entrees consisted of sikandari raan (Leg of Lamb), adrak ki chaamp (lamb chops), chicken makhani, dal bukhara (dal makhani), kadai paneer, methi matar malai (not on the menu, just ask for it) and spinach kofta. So first I want to start by saying I'm not much of a lamb eater but it has been growing on my lately and Bukhara's lamb is excellent, cooked and seasoned to perfection. I was disappointed in the chicken makhani, it was good but it doesn't touch Brick Lane or Tamarind. The veg. dishes were good, the methi matar malai was interesting, very different from anything I have ever seen or had, reminded me of a pesto sauce but it was good with the naan. The naan is amazing every piece was cooked perfectly and was served Afghani style; one large and long piece, another thing I have never seen but liked. Now the winner of the veg dishes is the Dal Bukhara which is the only dal makhani to come close to Tamarind's. My friend will argue to death that Bukhara is better but its just not quite there, Sorry! I found the dal bukhara to be a tad bit too salty, however if you eat it with rice it does balance out. Lastly dessert, unfortunately we could not order a variety of desserts because we adn't finished our meal till around 11:30 maybe and the place closes at 11. However we did get some paan ice cream, thats right PAAN ICE CREAM!!! OMG, this ice cream was out of this world! My father and I love paan and I cannot wait to bring him here to try this ice cream! Overall I was very impressed with the place from the decor to the menus and the uniforms of the waiters (all they were missing were those fez hats). The food met practically all my expectations and blew my mind with that paan ice cream and the staff was really nice considering we didn't leave till 12:15. I will definitely be back for sure!P.S. - the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars in my book was because of the chicken makhani and the shrimp and some can argue for sure but I'm picky when it comes to staple dishes like chicken makhani and I've tasted perfection, it can be done.
Best indian place to order from seamlessweb. I love the palak kofta.
It's been 3 years, but I tried the Dahl Baingan (spicy eggplant) and Chicken Tika Masala again, and was amazed.  The eggplant dish is now my favorite Indian dish in NYC, though the Xacuti at Haveli is great too. Overall, I would have to say that Bukhara Grill is now my favorite NYC Indian restaurant.  Word to the wise, order their food as take out instead of dining in.
I'm crushed. On SeamlessWeb, they're 4 or 5 stars. In the RESTAURANT, they're 2 stars at best.This might have something to do with expensing dinner to the company when I'm working late - I don't even flinch at the $17 entrees. Saag Paneer it is - it arrives in a HUGE bowl with a HUGE side of rice - delicious (some of the best saag paneer I've had in NY), and I even have leftovers. Score! (Be warned: you'll get lots of jealous stares from coworkers who have ordered sushi or thai or basically anything else)But my only experience in this restaurant has been disastrous. The place was half-empty but they seated us in the tiniest little corner - we could barely move, let alone get up to serve ourselves at the buffet. Not to mention, the buffet was TERRIBLE. None of the food was cooked well. It was too spicy (I'm Indian. Believe me, I can take spice. But I can't take badly-mixed, clumsily cooked over-spice.) The true sign of a bad buffet is when you've walked past 10 or 12 dishes and only picked at 3 - Bukhara was a disappointment, and to top it off, the bill at the end really hurt!
One thought kept running through my head: "This is the life."I ate on the second floor. Indian music. Lit by old styley lanterns. Quiet outdoor terrace in back. Up front, exotic looking buffet lines the wall.Big comfy seats made me want to take a food-coma nap after.Served water in metal, copper-colored cups and menu was wood. Servers spooned rice, sauce, etc. onto my plate for me. So quick, seemed like they were precognitive.But best was the food! They gave me papad,  (salty chips) right away, along with three sauces made from tamarin, mango, and mint (this last was spicy, also delicious).The virgin mohito - also delish.For appetizers, got a couple flavors of nan bread, one garlic and the other with berries inside. The nan was huge and beautiful and seemed almost a sin to eat.Got this other soft, warm bread, made with a kind of nut. Then, rice, with black lentil sauce. Then, savory salmon, cooked on charcoal, chock full of flavor- left me utterly content.Servers gave me a moist towelette to wipe my hands and I was out the door, full and happy.
The food here is very average. And I would give it more stars if it was not so expensive. You get some white rice and it costs you something like $8 for a small bowl. That is RIDICULOUS!The experience was also stained by slow service and rude remarks from the person serving us when he heard that we are not interested in their detergent-soaked hot napkins.So what s there to like about this place? Well nothing really.
Great service. And the best lentil dish I've ever had! The menues on woodblocks are a bit awkward, but the food makes it worthwhile. I regret not getting the naan - Next time!
Bukhara Grill maintains consistency in quality of food and service. Very good Sunday Buffett lunch spread with an extensive offering of meat/chicken and veggie choices. Dal Bukhara remains flagship offering from the frontier. Thank you for a wonderful luncheon!
Hands down, some of the BEST Indian food I've had in the city (and we have tried many places).Any non-veg dish you order off the appetizer / grill (Achari Clay Oven section) will blow your mind. Don't walk, RUN to Bukhara Grill.
This restaurant is quite expensive for Indian food, but not too expensive for a nice restaurant in midtown, and a nice restaurant it is. The decor is wonderful. The service is generally attentive though at times a little intrusive. The food (lamb) is quite good, though it did not present the mind-blowing experience that I expected after reading some reviews. Overall, I would go back, but not at the expense of passing up another nice Indian restaurant, which I haven't tried yet.
The Haryali Chicken Tikka is one of the best that I've tasted in NYC! The overall dinner experience was very pleasant and the service staff well managed the varied menu items ordered by our big group.   The dinner menu items are priced higher than most other Indian restaurants, however the food quality is much better.     The restaurant could do with a little upgrade upstairs.
This is some of the best north Indian food in the city, no doubt about it. Based on our overall experience of the menu (and we had a party of 15 so we ordered a TON) the grilled meats seem to be the specialty here.Favorites:- Dahi aloo papri appetizer was awesome, as was haryali chicken tikka (best thing I ate all night)- crispy okra entree was a hit, as well as chicken makhani and shrimp biriyani (rice dish). Should have ordered more tandoori meats though!Ambience and service were solid but not obtrusive, and food quantities were above average compared to most other Indian restaurants of this quality. Yes the prices are rather steep, but I think by and large it was worth it. No disappointments aside from barrah kebab (lamb) which was undercooked and too chewy.They threw in two big complementary pudding desserts along with a huge brownie for my cousin's birthday, which was much appreciated considering we spent well over $600.
No somosas at the lunch buffet :(Good selection except some standards aren't there at the Sunday lunch buffet. Its a solid C.
in town for business and needed quick lunch to take back to the hotel (Residence Inn 2 blocks away).  As always, Yelp delivered.  I walked over placed my order and was on my way in about 10 minutes. I understand they have a lunch buffet, but I ordered the #3 Chicken Curry lunch special. The food came nicely packaged with plates, cutlery, etc.The food itself was good. Basic chicken curry and vegetables.  My recommendation is go with more spice level than you might otherwise.  my medium was what I would consider mild.  That said, the flavors were excellent and the quantity was impressive. Plus, you get a large pizza size naan...crazy good (and definitely way too much).Don't hesitate to stop by here for lunch for an Indian fix.
The Burak (sp?) Lamb Kabob is amazing! One of the best indian dishes I have had in my life. Order some rita on the side to drizel over the top!
Quality food and great service. We had the tandoori lamb and the mal mal kabob (ground chicken kabob) the last time I went. Servings were massive (one serving can easily accommodate two people) and we ended up taking a significant chunk of the meal to go. Lamb was succulent and on point as was the kabob. Overall, they consistently make a number of North Indian dishes really well. Pricey (approx. $30 an entree) and the serving stuff will encourage you to order more than you can possibly eat, but if you're smart with your order you should be able to keep costs in check.Only qualm was with the venue - felt cramped at our table (maybe it was because it was a corner table and we had an obnoxious couple sitting next to us).
Bukhara is one of those places that made it to my food journal several years ago - when I used to spend considerable time in Midtown east. It's one of those rare breed of Indian restaraunts that serves up truly authentic food - so delicious I actually remember quite vividly the taste of some of my staple dishes - the dal, the paneer, the breads, the vegetarian basics. On a recent return trip to the city, an urge to rediscover the blast from the past, got me back to Bukhara. Now, I'd never lingered there before, so I decided to try dining in for a change. The small space, a loud bustling crowd had me almost making a beeline for the take out again but the owner pointed out a rather quiet section in the lower area as an alternative. The proximity to the kitchen apart, the area was perfect for solo dining. The staff was incredibly nice, the owner Mr Jhanjee does a great job of walking the halls and getting the pulse of the clientele. Meeting the chef was a great bonus!But the star of the night was definitely my vegetable biryani - long grain rice steeped in rich flavors of mint, spices and laden with fresh vegetables, oozed deliciousness. The sides (including a sampling of the signature dal) provided a nice variety for the taste buds and the copper bottom "kadais" they came in provided a nice touch of the traditional.Kudos to the establishment for preserving the excellent standard and making my return thoroughly worthwhile. Until the next time, I'll nurture pleasant memories of my biryani!
Bukhara has the best Chicken Makahni I've ever had in my life.  That alone should be worth the trip.  But I'll also offer that the lunch buffet is incredible.  It's difficult to compare buffets to each other, so I hesitate to call it the best, but at the very least it's damned good.With Indian food it often seems that you pay for what you get.  And yeah, Bukhara costs more than most Indian places I tend to go to.  However, there are a lot of places that are similar in cost, which just don't measure up.  The gigantic portions help make up for this, as unless you are starving, you just bought yourself lunch the next day as well.Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
I have been to this place a number of times over the last few years. It has seen a lot better days when it first opened however since then it is on a downward slide, however they have not falled too much back.They have a limited selection for lunch and tend to count condiments like onions, peppers, pickles as an entree and claim they have over 18+ items on the buffet, however the spread is rather limited.Its even more limited if you tend to be a vegetarian. This place is usually popular and visited by many of my carnevorous friends who always claim that the Chicken, Lamb and other meat dishes are nice. They always tend to have one goat dish and 2 chicken dishes, its chicken heavy on the menu to average out costs I presume.The reason I keep returning to them is their Dhal Bhukara / black lenti & also the chick peas / Cholel is one of the best dishes, also they serve you a hot rustic roti hot on the table. There service can be hot or cold, sometimes is excellent sometimes you are ignored and you need to flag someone for water, bread, check etc.So in my book I will give then a just about 3 star.. they reather deserve a 2.5 stars. Also the prices on their web site is incorrect for the buffet. Inclusinf tip and tax will run to 21 US$ per person without drinks for lunch.That is an expensive lunch.... there are quite a few other Indian places with better selection and cheaper prices!
Easily my favorite Indian restaurant in New York. Established in 1999 by longtime friends who worked together at the famous Bukhara at the Maurya Sheraton in New Delhi, the lunch buffet is fantastic. The dinner selection is extensive and succulent. The chicken makhani, malai kababs, lamb biryani and garlic naan, in particular, are reason alone to visit. The hand-woven Persian rugs draped from the ceiling, stonewall finish and rustic tables cut from tree trunks provide an inviting respite from Midtown's bustling sidewalks and streets. I go here as often as humanly possible.
turns out my uncle's daughter's husband's mom's friends own bukhara grill.. a nice north indian (punjabi) couple who are famous in that circle to be great hosts. so in the general love my extended family and their desire to eat here, i ended up stopping here on the sly a couple of weeks ago. i do work around the corner so i knew i could. let me tell you, the bukhara dal is to die for. i love it. and i'm not just saying because my uncle's daughter's husband's mom's friends own bukhara! hehe so today, i have reordered the daal and taking it home for din din ... let's see if that was a one-time love affair. reminded me of a certain daal from india.. maratha sheraton, mumbai.. anyone remember the then famous restaurant there... ma ki daal cooked for 11 hours to make a bowl of perfection
Great food. Order the non-veg platter if dining with atleast 4 people. Nans were huge and lamb as tender and juicy.
This review is strictly for the lunch buffet. Looking forward to try their diner menu.For a weekday lunch buffet it was pretty good food. And ofcourse a lot of variety both in non-veg and veg. This is actually a first place where I have seen chicken, lamb and shrimp all in the same buffet menu. Even the paneer was fresh made. Most of the dishes actually had retained their own unique taste unlike other typical red/yellow/brown buffet curry's. I would have given 4 stars but the disappointing aspect was that we had a large group which was seated on the higher floor than where the buffet was served. Just  imagine walking up and down with all the food in a narrow staircase. Most of us just had two helpings and yes it felt pretty expensive given the experience.
Totally fabulous lunch buffet! Highly recommend.Not only a great selection but also great flavors. Price is excellent given the amount of food you eat. Fresh nan for each table. Also great for business lunch as it's never crazy busy.
Good food...the chicken and lamb are both really good...the Chicken Makhani was a little too sweet for my taste, but over all good food
Excellent service! All the food was great but the service was the best. They gave us a complementary appetizer, they kept my cup full all night, and they gave us hot towels at the end of the night. Wonderful experience, I would recommend this place to all my friends.
This is one of the friendliest and most attentive places I've dined in NYC. Forge food was excellent as well
Best North Indian place in NYC hands down!Garlic Naan, Daal Makhni, and Paneer Tikka Massala are the closest thing to being in India! Awesome service and cool menus and bibs!!
I am an Indian and alike others likes going out for Indian cuisine often.Bukhara is very famous restaurant in India.  But it is not the same one which is in NY.  However the operation has been carried out by x-bukhara employees.  And boy what....they know the game.excellent food....excellent service...  They are not fine dining people but food is good where you can go again and again.I had fried Okara which was extremely declious it is a new concept and very nice with flavored masala sprinkled on it as a starter.  Than typical indian snack Aloo chat and bhel puri again....very nice.you will really enjoy these place if you fond of Non-veg Indian food they have great lamb chops in starter along with chicken Tikka and yes do not forget to drink Indian beer Taj Mahal over there.  It goes with Indian food very well.Owners and managers are very friendly which adds more points of why you should visit these restaurant.And they have nice private dining room as well for group parties...so I recommend this place highly...
Interesting Indian food. Tasty, a bit spicy, but not too hot. We eat out at many Indian restaurants in Seattle, which our Indian friends recommend as excellent. Bukhara Grill is as good as the best. I guess NYers feel the same, since most of the clients on this Saturday night were Indians.We had the Mal Mal Kabob, which is ground chicken with crushed cashew baked Tandoori style -- delicious and unlike anything we've had before. Plus Sarson Ka Saag, which are minced mustard greens as a typical Indian puree. Also had minted whole-wheat bread, called Pudina Parantha, and a great spicey Masala Tea. The novel complementary appetizer of crackers, chickpeas, chutney and yogurt was also tasty, as were the chutneys for the complementary papadums. The dessert menu looked interesting too, but we were so full from dinner we couldn't try it.Attractive atmosphere and excellent service. Vegetable dishes were around $19, and meat in the mid-to-high $20's. For two dishes, tea, and a beer, the bill was $74 plus tip. Expensive for Indian food, but the several new tastes were worth it for us.
I thought the food was excellent, and we were seated straight-away even though the restaurant had many reservations that night.  The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating.
As a lover of Indian buffets, this gets my vote for best in NYC (at least that I have been to). We occasionally go here for lunch, walking for 15 minutes each way to get what I think is the best selection and largest variety of flavors.I work with a bunch of vegetarians and there are plenty of vegetarian items on the buffet, so this place meets their needs.The lunch buffet is closer to $20, most other Indian Buffets are $15 or less, but I think it is totally worth it - the food really is that much better.
Great Navratam Korma, and if the weather's nice ask to sit on the back deck.
When I say I don't want to order a drink, don't FXXXing tell me I want one repeatedly, especially after I repeatedly tell you NO!When I say I don't want to order a DAMN appetizer, don't FXXXing tell me I want one repeatedly, especially after I repeatedly tell you NO!When I say I don't want to order dessert, don't FXXXing tell me I want one repeatedly, especially after I repeatedly tell you NO!Why the FXXX did we let you convince us to get group bowls of rice and bread baskets?!  When we ending up paying $60 MotherFXXX'ing dollars for them, you're a thief is what you are....I don't care if this is decent food or not, the waiter we had on this particular evening was the pushiest prick ever.  I regret not having snapped a picture of him so you would know who I'm talking about, he was an older dude, who almost seemed to be the head waiter, because he was ordering everyone else around like a total dickwad.  The rest of the staff was nice.  We actually left a generous tip and handed it directly to the other waiter (may have been a busboy).  But somehow dickwad noticed and gave him the most evil eye ever.  I hope he didn't take it away from him, I wouldn't put it past him...evil bastard.
Bukhara grill is raved about but once entering the food buffet experience is horrible. There wasnt much flavor in the vegeterian options except the chaat and fried paneer. Service was good during lunch. The naan and variety of entrees were as good as a local indian restaurant. Wouldnt rave about their buffet to anyone. For a place that is highly recommended it is upsetting to find that we wouldn't recommend it to anyone. We also thought it was very much a waste of our money and time as we never have meals in this city.
The food was bland. They don't serve rice with any dish so we had to buy a dish for 8.00. The menus were sticky and they charged for refills (3.00) for a diet coke. When I went tot he bathroom upstairs, I saw roaches near the stairs (small german ones). When I left I saw the B grade outside the door. Now I know why...roaches??
Absolutely fantastic north Indian authentic food. And I mean, PERFECT. I've eaten at the finest Indian restaurants in India and abroad and I assure u this is authentic. Service is impeccable and decor is good too. We did dinner alacarte and everything was great.
Stumbled upon this spot from Yelp! (of all places). Shared samosas were simple and satisfying. Chicken tikka masala was addictive, sooo good and enough to split for two. I will say the $$ was a bit deceiving as I would classify it between $$$-$$$$, all entrees were around $28, the online menu is different than the actual dinner menu.
great decor and ambience.I ordered the daal kabila and tandoori shrimps. Both were yummy! The green chutney condiment was also delicious. The rumali roti could have been better but still, I would go again. One more thing - its kinda expensive.
No means no isn't just a phrase that applies to sexual advances. When we say we don't want liquor, we mean it. When we say we don't want dessert, seriously dude, we mean it. I'm not going to get into the price. The price of the food was high for what I normally pay for Indian but not shocking. The $64 for 4 bowls of rice and some bread is another story, especially since we were not served all of the rice. I really can't knock the food. My chicken tikka masala was delicious. It was flavorful with a only hint of spice, which is good if you actually plan on putting Indian food and liquor into your system on the same night. Unlike the others I would probably come back for the lunch buffet. I can ignore overly persistent staff for delicious food at the right price.
wow! oh so good! We had a goat dish, a chicken, and a lamb with potatoes. The best was the spices! oh so complex! garlic naan was so yummy and huge!
Finding Bukhara is a little difficult, I had always heard of it but I had just assumed it was on the corner of 49th, the building thats surrounded by lights but its midway through the street. They serve you papadom with mint, apricot and tamarind chutney. The mint chutney is so delicious - fresh with a mix of spice. The service was okay, our servers were confused and somewhat ill mannered, but we had arrived at opening and the start of the shift, so I'm assuming their Sunday's best wasn't present. The food is AMAZING, absolutely AMAZING. I've made Indian food a weekly tradition and I left Bukhara Grill completely satisfied. Get the Vegetables from the Tandoor. The vegetables unfortunately don't come on a skewer, although thats how they cook it in the tandoor, but come in humungous friendly bite sized pieces, actually mouth fulls, spiced to perfection - melt in your mouth delish. You should also try Shrimp Curry, Vegetable Curry, Naan Basket and the Pistachio Kulfi for dessert. The Kulfi comes as a icecream bar!They dropped my two dates and I a bottle of Sambuca and Cognac for after dinner drinks, complimentary, since our tab was $350. I guess it was to make up for the initial mediocre service, but mind you this restaurant is decently priced, the tab was including three hefty appetites and an incredible amount of alcohol, hehe.
The weekend buffet is great and has a good amount of selection. you would be spoit here ..the bread is served at the table and they are really good with the service. i believe the charge ( incl tax ) is 17 usd.
This is the best Indian buffet I have ever been to.  It had a wide variety of vegetarian and meat options; I really liked that they even had a chat station!  Fresh naan bread was brought to our table during our meal, and water was regularly refilled.  This is a great lunch option because you can get in and out quickly and have a high quality meal.
Lunch buffet is fantastic!  $16.95, and the selection and quality are amazing.  I wanted to eat more of everything, but was too stuffed to do it.  The excellent waiter suggested I try the carrot pudding and rice pudding on the buffet for dessert.  I'm glad I made room.  I can't wait to go back.  The dinner menu looked great, too, but the value of the lunch buffet is unbeatable!The place is very easy to find.  Previous reviewer mentioned this, but I don't get it.  I spotted the awning a half-block away.  It's on the north side of 49th St., between 2nd and 3rd Avenue.
Bad service, good food.My wife and I went on a weekend for lunch. I order a Budweiser, and the waiter looked at me like - what? you drink domestic? After about 20 minutes, he brings me a bottle of bud. I notice that the neck of the bottle under the crown is grimy. When mentioned to the waiter, he takes the bottle back, wipes the neck of the bottle and brings it back. When I point that to him, and the fact that the "best before" date was long past, he walks away. I end up leaving without leaving any tip for the waiter.
Excellent Indian food but pushy, difficult servers who try to upsell you and "suggest" items on the menu that you did not request. Our particular server, who we have now had the unfortunate luck of getting twice, was hovering behind us and generally very annoying, pointing at items on the menu that we were not interested in, basically ARGUING with the customer.Something else that bugs me about this place is that they serve your food when it arrives, without asking you if you want some of a particular dish or not.  Newsflash... I TELL YOU WHAT I WANT and I shall dish out the food myself.They charged us for 5 sodas which I could understand if they left the WHOLE CAN of soda at the table, rather than just refilling out drinks in smallish glasses.Upon leaving, the manager and owner were at the front door and asked us how we liked our dinner, and we explained all this to them and they said they would remedy the situation, which I don't believe they will.  I think this kind of place is trying to squeeze every dollar out of people in a very SHADY way.My advice is to order take-out from this place if you must.  Don't go there without expecting to get ripped off by their sleazy tactics.
Had dinner with my family at Bukhara for the first time. I had the chicken tandoori, since I didn't have the feel for anything spicy. Best tandoori I ever had. My wife and her friend had lamb vindaloo and shrimp curry which they both loved. Even my 6 year old who is a picky eater enjoyed her food. Service was also great, the staff was very attentive and took good care of us . We will definitely eat there again.
Bukhara has a solid selection for Indian food in New York City.  Quality is always on point everytime I have come here.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to but my date made a comment about the prices. I won't be seeing that guy again but I'll definitely be back for more of their Balti Gosh. The lamb was well prepared and the spices were amazing. The waitstaff was very attentive and the restaurant had a great ambiance. It was a little loud so I wasn't able to hear my date speak at times but in my case, that was a good thing.
EEEYuckkkk!!!Ordered delivery from this relatively expensive option for Indian. Goat curry was unbelievably tasteless, buried under a half inch of oil. The goat meat was the cheapest fattiest cut, mostly fat and cartilage - one that bleeds a ton of oil and tastes like rubber. This seems concocted by a fat, crass business merchant who got rich quickly and can only imagine, in a ghastly way, what classy food must be like. With the daal makhani he put away any pretenses of inching toward culinary salvation. This dish was a pureed lentil gob, flavored pucker-up sour, held together by dollops of cream, which were wasted using the hapless customers money. Fat philistine, you can't buy your way to my stomach nor deceive by smearing lipstick all over a hogs rear end. The one star is for the nice lady you hired to dispatch food bombs from hell.
All three stars are for the food, which is outstanding. Do not order out  - dine in always.....if you really want to enjoy the food. Otherwise, The bread turns chewy, the sauces are mixed..and you are disappointed. The non-vegetarian and veg options are very good and the range is excellent. All the Tikkas  and kebabs are good, so is the spinach and mustard leaves. Above all, the food tastes very authentic.The service..well, patchy at best. The waiters dressed in Pathan style seem to be disgruntled old hands grumbling to themselves and talking to each other...unfortunately I happen to understand what they are saying and it does not make things better.Overall, I would go back more often for the outstanding food if the service was better. Anyone listening? I guess not....
Delicious tandoori starters and mains. Also, liked the Dahi Aloo Papri starter. The curries were good but I'd go back for the tandoori dishes.
I just had the lunch buffet at Bukhara and was immensely satisfied.The buffet area is upstairs, and the seating was ample.  There was no wait at 12:30 when  I arrived.I sat, ordered a masala chai, and headed to the buffet.  The Masala Chai (tea) was good.  It had too much clove in the masala, but that may be personal preference or just a strong batch.Table service was great.  The naan took only a minute to come out, and it was very fresh.  My water glass was refilled before I could even reach the bottom!The buffet selection was excellent, it had quite a few condiments and appetizers (papadum chips and chutneys, as well as some cold chickpea salads).  There was quite a few vegetarian options, including grilled tofu and vegetables which looked quite good.  There was a dish labeled "Mixed vegetables in mild sauce" which was mostly cabbage and carrot with a bit of turmeric curry, and was excellent.  Perfect texture on the vegetables, not too soggy or undercooked.A dish on the buffet that was new to me was Manchurian Chicken, ground chicken meatballs in a sweet-and-sour like sauce with diced peppers and onions.  It was really good; I generally don't like sweet and savory dishes, but this was exceptional.  It had a nice kick to it, too.The main course was primarily Chicken Makhani, a mild curry chicken similar to Chicken Tikka Masala (the only difference I could tell was that this was not cooked in the tandoori).  It had an excellent flavor and was very aromatic.The star of the show for me, however, was the Keema, a ground lamb dish.  The lamb was well-spiced and the flavor was not too gamey.  I usually suspect ground lamb (young sheep) is actually mutton (adult sheep), but if it was in this case, the gamey flavor was VERY well hidden.  The Keema was very moist and flavorful, and was moderately spiced.Also on the buffet were Chickpea Potato fritters (I hesitate to call them pakora as it was more finely grained and coated in a breading), Daal (stewed lentils), Saag (stewed spinach), and others.For dessert was Kheer (rice pudding) and Gajar Halwa (carrot pudding, a north indian dish).  The kheer was, by far, the best kheer I have had at any restaurant in New York.  Many Indian restaurants, especially buffets, tend to just throw their leftover rice at the end of the day in a pot of milk and call it a pudding.  Not true for Bukhara, their kheer was outstanding.  It was sweet and creamy but not too thin; very well textured and adorned with slivered almonds.  No currants or raisins, which is good, as I prefer none.I can think of nothing negative to say about Bukhara's lunch buffet.  Although the price is higher than most Indian lunch buffets in the area, you absolutely get what you pay for.  For me, it is more than worth the premium service and food quality.
I have to admit that I'm not an expert on Indian food.  But I follow my tastebuds and they gave the thumbs-up to Bukhara Grill (that is, if tastebuds had thumbs).  Service during the lunch buffet was fine and seems to be better than dinner, based on other reviews.  It's a little pricey for lunch but it's all-you-can eat and a nice option when you want to splurge a little.
Went to Bukhara last night after not having eaten here in a couple of years and was slightly worried because of the recent negative service reviews.  But the food's always been good and I figured I'd chance it.  I'm glad I did.  It would seem that Bukhara is aware of the complaints about it's service and is changing for the better.   Our waiters ensured our water glasses were always filled, offered drinks and appetizers, but when we declined didn't push, and most importantly left us alone to enjoy our dinner without rushing us in any way.And the food was delish! We ordered the Balti Gosht lamb on the recommendation of our waiter and the Paneer Dilruba with plain nan.  And we were given some garlic naan on the house - a very nice bonus!  Declined to order rice, because plain basmati rice should never cost $8.  And personally,I think in an Indian restaurant rice should just come with your curries -  for free.  The lamb curry was mouth watering, the meat very tender and I couldn't stop myself from dipping my nan in the curry sauce even after I was more than full.  The paneer in a tomato curry sauce was yummy too. I'd probably minus half a star for charging so much for rice and for the desserts.  We had the Jamun-E-Gul (gulab jamun) but I've never seen such small gulab jamun - and to charge $7?  Definitely not worth it - though I'll admit it too was tasty.   Given the obesity in this country it might not be such a bad thing that they were small, but the price should have been halved too. Overall I definitely recommend giving this place a try and I know I'll be back.
Great  Indian food...however, I wasn't happy about the fact that the food wasn't as spicy as it was supposed to be. I guess they thought because I am not Indian I will not like it the way they really eat it. I have been to India, and I want my food to be 100% authentic. Also it is slightly overpriced, for what it is.
It's $$$ not $$, but worth it. Best lamb chops I've had in a long time. The paneer was delicious and the nan was huge and tasty. Loud place, but deserves a return trip.
Went for early dinner on a Friday and place was packed by 7:00pm.  We were the only non-Indians in the joint.  The Good- I have been searching for the best Vindaloo in town and right now this is the front runner.  - The tandoori grilled stuff was excellent though overpriced.  Everything's better outta the tandoor, right?  We had shrimp, chicken tikka, that minced meat kebab (forget the name) and we also had the lamb chop which I would say is one of the best I've had.- The mango lassi is well executed- The owner is awesome.  He's a total character.The Bad- Chicken Tikka Masala was not that great - very tomato soupy.  - Saag was good but not superfresh.  - The Naan was also good not great.  The UglyThe BILL.  They brought the bill out with a handful of topshelf liquor bottles and some glasses and they said we could drink as much as we wanted on the house.  When we opened the check we figured out why.  OMG - $430 w/ tip for 5 peeps!!!!!  Ouch, yes that's $86/man with no wine and just a few beers.
AMAZING service (hence the 5 stars). The food was great! The Chana chat and Kheer were on the house and they were both delish items. Tandoori chicken was also my fav along with the humongous naan (I think one nasn is good for two people). Would definitely go back next time I visit.
We had the lunch buffet.  Very good selection.  May have been the best Indian food we have had.  However the bathroom is my reason for not giving 5 stars.  The service was ok.  We were not seated at the greatest table even though it was late afternoon and not busy.  I did not speak up for a booth.
Did not have food here, but can assure you they make one of the best spicy Bloody Marys I have ever tried!
What's all the hype about? I go to this place quite often only because every time my parents come to NYC, they suggest it. I think they forgot that NYC is filled with other restaurants. Every single time I go to this restaurant I come back upset about the quality of food and upset that we spent so much money on the mediocre cuisine. Maybe this place was better years ago before this place was the Go-To catering place for Indian weddings, but I remain to be convinced that this place has good food. Don't go here, there are tons of better places to eat Indian food. Also, what is with the huge heavy menus?
On my visit to NYC, out of may Indian restaurant I picked Bukhara because of its $$ and reviews that I read on yelp. In the end it was an excellent fit for my needs as the food was really really good, excellent service where the manager and waiter came to see us on multiple occasions to check and make sure that everything alright. We sat on the terrace.Overall very good food and I am definitely going there again on my next NYC visit
Had an amazing dinner on a Monday with 2 co-workers, one of whom is Indian but looks Western (long story).  We were seated upstairs, which was a nice space with wood floors that felt intimate and perfect for conversation. After a brief interlude, my colleague engaged in what can only be described as an intense haggling session in Hindi. In short order, we started to receive a variety of chicken and lamb dishes, including a mixed grill. The real highlight of the meal, though, was the rack of lamb ribs.  The food was all moist and perfectly seasoned, and my friend pronounced it the best Indian food he had in a while.After reading some of the other reviews about service I was a little concerned, but I'm glad we took the plunge. It might be a cultural thing(?), but in the (admittedly few) Indian restaurants I've visited the service has always been a little standoffish.  If you don't have the benefit of taking a native speaker with you, and you can forgive the cultural attitudes, you will enjoy some amazing food. We ran up a $183 tab for 3, and we ate like gluttons. Highly, highly recommended.
Food was great, service was attentive.If you like Indian food, go for the lunchtime buffet for $16.95, with over 20 different choices.  And come hungry!!
Nice Indian restaurant.  Services is hot/cold.  Seems to have gotten more expensive over the 6 years I've eaten there once a quarter.Outdoor dining upstairs is interesting.Try the lentils!
Don't let the pictures or the reviews fool you!!!! This place is expensive and they use cheap ingredients. We just ordered the following for delivery -  Lamb VindalooLamb SeekhChicken Tandoori2 Garlic NaanRaitaTotal - $72Lamb Vindaloo was pretty bland. It had heat, but there was no layer of flavor. Lamb Seekh - Cheap meat. Tasted real gamy and they tried to cover it with a load of spice which just created an ugly taste.Chicken Tandoori - WORST EVER! How can tandoori not be red! It was not marinated!!!! Simply 2 pieces of really dry chicken for $20. That tipped the scale to 'NEVER COME HERE - RIP OFF!'. Garlic Naan - average. Raita - not bad. Thicker than usual.Really disappointed. It might be a cheap buffet, but eating cardboard with sauce is gross.
The food here is absolutely delicious. I've tried several items and everything is so flavorful. The staff is pleasant and terrace is peaceful on a beautiful day, but best of all is the Lunch special. I don't typically care for buffet style menus, because the food is mass produced and there's zero quality. However, this place know how to do it right!!!
Medicore at best. Also, they were anxious to kick us out (we were there not even for an hour and just two of us talking quietly). I am an Asian but oh man, it was not nice! Will never go back. Boo!
The meat dishes here are amazing.  The chicken was cooked just right and bursting with flavor.  The vegetarian food seemed hit or miss, the okras were disappointing.  The service was good, this place is a bit pricey, but it is NYC.  Their naan is really, really good.
Excellent service!! The yummiest Indian food I have eaten in New York!! The buffet is a defintely must try. Go to Bukhara, you wont regret it :)
Although I don't know much about Indian food, I know one thing, which is that I heart Indian food!  This restaurant is very close to Waldorf Astoria and we walked in for lunch.  The server was a little bit pushy but everything was fine.  The buffet was very good.  ($18 per person)  The naan however was unimpressive.  The goat dish was mushy and flavorless.  The curry was just ok.The dessert - the sweet rice pudding, which I usually like - was extra and not part of the buffet.
Food was excellent although I will say as two females going to dinner I found that I was discriminated against. As we first sat down, we were not presented with the vegetable dish that every other table was presented with. Secondly, server  was extremely difficult to understand and condescending. Thirdly, server was abrupt rushed us through the meal, and did not explain that refills on cola cost, etc. Just did not expect a bill of $91.00 for one veggie entree and one chicken entree and one veggie appetizer. Yelp"s review said it was $$ not $$$. To anyone that is definitely $$$ for Indian. And for the device we received , make sure that if you are female don't dine alone.
Awesome table settings with hand forged utensils and interesting serving bowls. Lamb Vindaloo was excellent. The decor of this place is great. The naan was huge.. Great place. Some of my Indian friends at work recomended this place as being one of the best in the city and it definately is! They offer more dishes than are on their menu, just ask.
For indian food, it doesn't get better than Bukhara. True indian food.. Not Americanized at all. We are regulars there and love it. I've never had a dish u didn't like. I prefer their a la carte menu to their buffet, although the buffet is good too. Their dal Bukhara and jalebi parathas are to die for. Excellent achari chicken, lamb chops and fish fry. Their goat curry is fantastic. In veg- love their kurkuri bhindi and paneer dishes. Their dessert- paan ice cream is very unique and tasty. I can vouch for their service and hospitality- they always have apps and drinks on the house. Cannot leave the place without over-eating!!
This review is for dinner, not the lunch buffet.  If you are two people ordering an appetizer and entree each and casually acquiesce to both naan and rice, your bill easily reaches $100 before gratuity.  The service is very attentive -- arguably a bit much even -- and the decor is clearly intent on distinguishing itself as "upscale" Indian.  Just realize you are paying substantially for those non-gustatory features -- because the food is good, but not $25-$30-per-entree good.  In Manhattan, I'd prefer the down-to-earthier places in Curry Hill any day.
Pros:Food qualityCons:Price (meat dishes do NOT come with rice.  They charge $8 for rice)Service (irritable, not willing to explain, despite their accent)
OK maybe i was being a bit harsh...But, i'm upping their review because the owner was kind enough to contact me and assure me that he'd take care of me the next time I came in..Will definitely be going back here the next time i'm in the area...
I've tried Chicken Tikka Masala at many places and I must say Bukhara Grill is one of the best.  I've eaten there once and gotten take out twice, and it never ceases to impress me.  Inside its dimly lit and you can easily have a private meal for two or host a banquet- the service is immediate and the servers always want to make you happy.  Ask for the boneless white meat chicken for better quality meat!  The garlic nahn combined with the sauces of the dish are delectable and it always leaves me wanting more! If you are in town and craving Indian, Bukhara is a great option!
We opted for take out knowing restaurant will be busy on Saturday evening. Most items did not have enough salt or taste, Kofta were uncooked and solid that we have to cut it using knife. We had better experience at the same restaurant before. Staff were courteous but food has to be priority in a RESTAURANT.
Went for the buffet on Saturday, and it was empty for the first half hour.  Then people started rolling in.  They were unprepared because people probably don't roll in as they open, but I was patient...They actually offer quite a large selection of dishes, from lentils to goat to chicken curries.  Some of the tastier dishes are the chickpea curry, which goes with potato patties, this cottage cheese thing..., and their okra.  The meats were tender, but nothing to rave about.  Overall a tasty selection of some things you don't find too often on an Indian buffet line.It's sadly a bit expensive for a simple buffet, running about $17 without a drink.  You'd probably do best to research and find yourself a better value buffet, though Bukhara does offer a hefty sampling of some tasty Indian cuisine.
For Indian food Bukhara is awesome. Its the best indian food in NYC. unfortunately Bukhara is the reason i HATE indian food. I've ordered Bukhara SO many times that im so sick of indian food and i dont want to eat it for a year! Obviously this shows how delicious Bukhara is for luring me into ordering them night after night after night. I have tried all their Biryani and they are the best in the city. The portions are also massive. My typical order at Bukhara is Tawa Crab, a Biryani, and Chicken tika Marsala. The Tawa crab is AMAZING. I do not believe its fresh it just CANT BE. THe Tawa crab only costs 13 dollars but the crab tastes so fresh and good but not only that they give you So much crab meat. I feel like they are serving 10 crabs when i order the Tawa crab. If this is actually fresh like it says and TASTES then this is a steal. I love the tawa crab. As i stated earlier the Biryani s are delicious. They are massive and enough to share for any regular person, but for me i usually eat it myself.  Bukhara maybe a little pricer than other indian restaurants but its by far the best!
Very tasty, but on the pricey side ($7 for rice!).  The good news is that the portions were more than adequate -- the bad news is that we couldn't finish them and, without a refrigerator, couldn't bring home a doggy bag safely.I was not very happy with our table (very edge of the second floor), and was even less happy when the party seated next to us turned out to be a bunch of drunk, loud businessmen.  We were in somewhat of a hurry, and the service was pleasantly fast.
i quite particular of Indian food. this is as good as it gets. its classy Indian food. a bit pricey, but worth it. the portion sizes are LARGE!
Food was satisfying.  Good flavors and heat.  Go with the ground lamb skewers and dive in to the free cracker(?) appsWriting mostly to comment on the service.  Pushy when it came to ordering, but the servers were kind and responsive to questions about portion size.  Serving utensils provided when requested, to divvy up a giant Mrs Fields cookie.  Respect.warning:  your clothes and your hair will smell.
I would have given the restaurant 4 stars, because the food is phenomenal, but for two reasons:  1) the service was over attentive.  My husband commented that the waiters were leaning over him when they were serving him, and they were leaning over him when they were serving the people next to us.2)the prices were ridiculously expensive.  The guide says $$ but they are really $$$, when you count in that EVERYTHING is extra. They use the "McDonalds" approach here:  you want fries with that?  but here it's "you want bread, lentils, rice" with that, and they ask every diner,  when there is more than enough for everyone with just a couple of orders of each one of those items. If I came here again, I would order much more sparingly.  I almost passed out when I saw the bill - and I eat in Manhattan on a regular basis, so I am used to the prices.
I went for the lunch buffet.  They had a nice variety of curries and other side dishes.  The quality was very good.  My only gripe is that they had green peas in the basmati.  I'm not a big fan of green peas.  That is just a personal preference though.
Went here for the lunch buffet on a Sat.  The place was pretty much empty so we were seated right away.  The lunch buffet offers a decent selection, which is especially helpful if you don't know your way around the menu at an Indian resto.    The food was fresh even though as I noted it was very quiet.  The utensils look like something out of an Indiana Jones movie, it was a mix of persian \ Indian meets medieval times.  Some of the cuts of meat were a little fatty but we mainly stuck to the chicken dishes.  There was one dish which was labeled as "Baby Goat"  I'm not sure that I like the thought of eating adult goat let alone their children.... but whateverWe both thought that our local Indian joint (see my review for Saffron) is leaps and bounds ahead of this place.  One of my 3 stars was for the attentive waiters who also hooked us up with some free rice pudding dessert which my infant daughter loved!
I work/live walking distance of Curry Hill and so I get my Indian food fixes whenever I so desire.  So, I was really surprised to find such good Indian food so far from Curry Hill.  Prices are a bit higher.  The restaurant is more gimicky (wood slab menus) and the atmosphere is nicer.  But the food is still good.  Which is especially random for a place in Midtown East.  Three of us shared the Balti Gosht (lamb), the Chicken Vindaloo and two orders of Naan.  The lamb and the chicken were both FANTASTIC and entree portions were filling without being huge.  The naan was almost ridiculously large (not that I'll ever turn down naan) and really one order would have been enough for the three of us.  I choose this place b/c I wanted a somewhat central place to meet up with friends coming from uptown, without choosing something too Midtown-ish.  This fit the bill nicely.  And I'll certainly come back next time I'm looking for a place to catch up with people in this area.
Overrated, over priced, and super pushy!  I will not be back.  Servers constantly trying to upsell more food than you need.  They brought an additional Garlic Naan even after I specifically asked them not to....and then charged me for it.The food was good, but not great, for the price.  Also, the interior of the restaurant is dated.No wonder the place was half empty...even Friday night during New Year's Eve weekend.
pretty much everything on the menu is delicious... but my absolute fav has got to b the goat biryani-- yum!
This is definitely one of my favorite Indian Restaurants! Everything here is delicious and I have no complaints. It's a must try Indian Restaurant. I wouldn't recommend the buffet because the quality/taste of food is comprised imo. This place is a little pricier than other Indian Restaurants, but it's definitely worth it.
The quality of food has deteriorated since the last time we were here. We ordered  the kebab platter , goat  biryani and fish curry( forget  the actual name). The fish curry was 26$ and was the worst dish of the lot.The kebabs and goat biryani were mediocre. The place aint inexpensive either. Would direct you to 'Brick Lane Curry House" for more flavorful food in a similar price range.
Had a hankering for Indian food on a recent trip and Bukhara was close by, and well received on Yelp (thanks iPhone Yelp app), and I was not let down. While the menu looked a bit on the spendy side for Indian (even in NYC - $8 for naan?), the portions were significant, and tasty.I failed to ask for my dish (kadai paneer) spicy, so it had great flavors, but almost completely lacked any kick. If you enjoy some spice in your food, don't forget to ask for it. They also brought plain naan instead of the garlic naan we ordered, but I can deal with that, there was more than enough of it (though it almost seemed as if they rushed it and didn't let it cook long enough).All in all, I was happy, stuffed and won't hesitate to go back when in the area.
Being half Pakistani I am VERY picky about my Indian and Pakistani food. Wow! The lamb chops are the best I have ever had in my life (besides the one I make lol) the chicken makhni is unbelievable (usually my fav but sorry the lamb chops are better) everything I ate there was amazing. Go there if you have a chance. You won't be disappointed.
I'm a pretty big fan of North Indian food. This place wins, hands down, over all other places I've been to thus far in these United States.Sure, it's on the expensive side, and the portions are relatively small--well, actually they serve about as much as that insidious abomination known as Baluchi's. I'd come here regularly when I lived in the area and I once brought two friends who had the biggest hissy-fit because the bill came to, like $210 for the three of us, and how, for a tenth of the price, we all could have gone somwhere in that roach arcade known as Curry Hill. Stop whining! I'd rather pay $200 for a meal that satisfies the palate than $20 for something that merely fills the belly!Here's what I recommend you get:1. Malai Kebab. They're juicy chicken chunks marinated in cream cheese (how does one accomplish that?), ginger, garlic, onion, and a bit of cilantro, and seared in the tandoor. Positively heavenly.2. Chicken Biryani. It's the best biryani I've had. I think I had the lamb one too. Both are impeccable.3. Absolutely ANY of their curries are a safe and satisfying bet. I don't remember the names of all the ones I've tried, but I've tried most of them, and none disappointed!4. Bread. Get the bread basket. It's $15. So what?Or just go for the daily lunch buffet if you're a cheapskate. That's always good, and if you're lucky, they may have some of the dishes I recommend as part of the offering! Just stay away from the occasional Indo-Chinese dish they throw into the mix.
Good lord, the food here was amazing. The portions were worth the money, the quality of everything from the complimentary appetizer to the main courses were actually outstanding. Went with a party of 5 for dinner and we had a great experience. The service here is wonderful but...yea, a little weird. The guys were friendly but sort of lingered around us. Also, I didn't see any other reviews mention this, but the waiters tied the bib-napkins around our necks. It was hilarious.Sometimes after I eat Indian food I feel sick, but even after stuffing my face here, I was still able to chug wine and walk around with my pants buttoned.
-edit-I had to bump this down a star because I ordered the chicken tikka, which was dry and really quite disappointing.  Next time I'll stick with the curries.-end edit-Wow, I've lived/worked near this gem of an Indian restaurant for almost a year and only just discovered it?  Sigh.I ordered some food to go, and was surprised when I told him my name and he started listing addresses.  I quickly explained that it was my first time ordering, somewhat fazed that at least a few Deborahs in the area order regularly from there.I had the Dahl Baingan (spicy eggplant, $14) and garlic naan ($5), which was crazy expensive compared to how much I usually pay for Indian food.When I received my order 30 minutes later, it was hot, creamy, bursting with flavor, and easily the best Indian dish I've ever had.  And the eggplant portion was HUGE: it fed me and my roommate that night for dinner, and continued to feed me for lunch over the next two days.  And I have a monstrous appetite (or a tapeworm), seriously.  The garlic naan wasn't great: it lacked that springy, chewy softness, but the dahl baingan was great over the complimentary rice.I will definitely return to eat in someday.
I'm a huge fan or indian food and Bukhara is great not only for the food, but also for the atmostphere. It's a little pricey, but as long as you're not getting it delivered, the restaurant itself makes it worth it. The waiters were all very attentive and quick and the space is decorated with traditional Indian-style relics. It's a really fun place to have dinner. The comes in relatively small portions (for Indian restaurants that is) but everything I had was great. The naan was fantastic and there is a huge choice of other breads too. The best part - Saturday night, 9pm, no reservation needed. bukhara rocks
As a brown person, i should know good indian food. Well i have really nothing to add to everyone else's oooh and aaahhs except what the f*ck is up with the $30+ entrees? Yes it's bloody good food - but there are a lot of other places that do great indian food and don't cost you a ton...I thought the person serving us was super nice but a moron - all at the same time. He suggested we get lentils along with all of our non veg entrees to mix stuff up - how about no?! That's like trying to tell someone... forget it - there's no analogy - just don't try to get me to eat lentils at a place that has so many delicious animal dishes. DAMMIT.
I did not eat, since I was not feeling well at all, but all of my friends loved the food! We were a party of 10 and sat upstairs. Since most of the group was Hindu they ordered. I usually love Indian food but was sick earlier in the day and decided it may not be the wisest thing to eat anything with spices.    I do know they ordered just about everything on the menu. Speaking of the menu's... they were definitely cute and fit the setting and decor of the restaurant. The staff was friendly and attentive. Good place for groups, dates, etc.   I will try the next time I am in the city!
Samosas were great. Decent size portions. Entrees come with rice. Highly recommended!
On a recent trip to NYC, went here for weekend buffet. Abundant choice - great variety. Each dish tasted different - which means they don't have standard gravies where other Indian restaurants just add meat to it. Very flavorful. Dessert choices were amazing for a buffet - Kheer, Gajar Halwa and Gulab Jamun - Yumm-O! Wish we had such an upscale authentic north indian restaurant in Boston Metro.
I like Tamarind down in the village better but all my Indian friends say this is better.  I like them both for different things, the only problem here is you can over eat (it is that good and the portions are large) where I give them a 4.5 on their lamb chops only behind il Mulino.  But for a date, go to Tamarind.
The Bukhara Grill comes with a lofty reputation. The Bukhara restaurant in Delhi is well known as one of the finest in all India, and its American export allegedly was an attempt to transfer the same quality to a location in Midtown East. Now I can't say they didn't try - they just weren't very successful. I haven't ever eaten at the Bukhara in Delhi, but I'm sure they do a better job than this joint. I tried the buffet with a friend a few weeks ago and came away desperately disappointed. The space itself is nice enough - well appointed in the manner of all classic Indian decor. The service is also commendable - polite and courteous, but not too officious at the same time. I only wish the food was better. The one item I looked to try on the buffet was the legendary Dal Bukhara. I've read that in the original restaurant in Delhi, this black dal is simmered in a clay pot over coals overnight to extract just the right, perfect flavor from the lentils. Here, it almost felt like they had shortchanged this dish by popping them in a microwave - although other dishes on the buffet were good, the Dal Makhni/Bukhara was a deep disappointment. That said, I'd encourage anybody in the neighborhood to give this a shot.  It is definitely worth a try - in my list of great Indian restaurants in this city, I'd rate this well above your average Indian takeout joint, but below stalwarts such as Dawat, Indus Valley, Yuva and the incomparable Devi.
Love the $16.95 buffet at this underrated Northern Indian! The second floor is the spot to be..with an outdoor terrace that has a view of the neighboring rooftops, it makes dining here a delightful & romantic treat. The tandoori meats & their chicken tikka in the buffet were a bit bland. However, the pepper chicken (much like a fusion of Chinese Szechuan cooked w/ peppercorns & indian spices), chicken makhani: a Northern indian dish w/ roasted chicken & creamy tomato sauce, Gobhi Taka Tin: cauliflower w/ bell peppers, tomatoes, & spices, Dahi Baingan: eggplant in yogurt & spices, Palak paneer: spinach w/ homemade cottage cheese, paneer dilruba: cottage cheese in a creamy, tomato sauce, & lentil dishes were all very good. The most delish thing was the Dahi Aloo Papri: potato patties w/ the chickpeas mixed in tamarind sauce. In addition, I particularly love their long-grain rice!
Another SeamlessWeb offering.I tried the Vegetable platter last week, as I am meat free and I can no longer indulge in my favorite selection of chicken tikka masala. I was so excited with what I received (and the absurd amount).I honestly couldn't tell you exactly what I ate, but it was damn good...every bit of it. The red stuff, the green stuff, the orange stuff, the white stuff (that was rice.)The downfall were the samosas. The "wrapping" tasted like some sort of fried chinese noodle instead of the typical flakier variety. Not my cup of tea.My stomach wasn't too happy with my decision to gorge myself with the mass quantity portion that was delivered. It was so delicious that I didn't want it to end, so I kept going, and going, and going...until I literally could barely breathe. That's a good sign when it comes to me and taste.I say, try it.
Owner is around and the customer service is platinum! The lunch buffet is the best ever. After one round I was so full! The curry is thick, the chunks of meat in the stew are siZable and EVERYTHING IS YUMMY!!!!
The food here is fantastic in my opinion. Love the chicken makhani and the daal bukhara. Several of the veg dishes were delicious as well, especially the eggplant! The reason I'm only giving three stars is because of the overbearing, up-selling service. We were told only one piece of bread in an order (though it was really four cut up pieces of a rather large original piece of bread) and as such we ordered twice as much as the five of us could eat. Plus there is a lot of pushing of alcohol and appetizers - like, 'you probably don't really understand Indian food, but you need much more than what you've ordered'. Never mind that we actually knew that we weren't quite hungry enough for more than the six dishes we had already ordered. Take control of your orders here and you won't be disappointed!
The worst Indian food i ever ate !!!!! The butter chicken was disgusting i didnt even touch it after one bite . really disappointing that they messed a simple dish like chicken... the best part of the meal was the bread... but iam not eatting bread for dinner again! Bukhara grill is going down the bowl!
I would give it three and a half stars for its food, but the service knocks off at least a star and a half (and when I relate the anecdote below, you might wonder why it doesn't knock even more off).Three or so years ago, I was seated in the upstairs dining room, enjoying a meal, minding my own business, facing the wall of banquettes. It was March, so my jacket was draped around the back of my chair, which was not intruding into the walkway used by wait staff to go back and forth from the dining area to the kitchen.A waiter dropped a plate of curry on his way out of kitchen, and most of it splattered on my jacket. The wait staff, much to my surprise, did not show a great deal of alacrity in helping me clean the jacket, and they weren't all that apologetic. Up until then, I had had nothing but good experiences with the waiters there. I thought the meal was going to be comped as a result, but I actually had to ask for a discount! And the discount turned out to be only $10! The dry-cleaning bill was almost as much as the meal! I vowed never go to back, and I haven't.
Very good Indian food!  Bukhara Grill catered my friends wedding and EVERYONE raved about the food.  You know it's good when Indians say the Indian food is good.  Luckily for me I work right in the area and can enjoy it at my whim.
Bukhara grill has a great menu and their dishes taste very good with the right consistency. Their lamb biryani is awesome. The only problem is that they are a bit too pricey for indian food, especially compared to the  curry hill restaurants. That is why my rating is more of a 3.5
It looks very small and unassuming from the outside, but once you open those doors you're in another world.I've been here for dinner once. They have these beautiful menus written on a slice of tree bark and laminated.... very original.I went here for lunch last week and didn't realize they had a lunch buffet. There were a number of options to choose from. AND the lunch buffet came with a basket of nan at no extra charge. The service was very friendly, especially the nice old spanish waiter. He made sure we had everything we needed and didn't hover until we left like most places serving lunch specials. The food was great and the service was excellent.
Got this restaurant recommendation from our concierge at the W Hotel, excellent choice and great food. The price was good also, we were impressed by our meal.
This place is excellent, though sneakily expensive.Really cool menu.  It looks like its on a bark of wood.  Okay, bad description but when you go there you'll see what I mean.This is some really rich, spicy food.  Very flavorful.  Let me reccomend the Chicken Kali Mirch.  And tell the owner to stop being one of these restaraunts that charges for plain rice.
I heard so much about this place and finally tried it out this past week. Went there for a lunch buffet..if you are a vegetarian and looking for a decent Indian buffet place..this is NOT it..especially with soo many other great options in the city..Pros: 1. Good service2. Chaat/Appetizer was good3. Decent dessertCons:1. Too Expensive (why would you pay 20/21 for a buffet when you can pay 12 or 13 in the city at most places?)2. There were very minimum choices for vegetarian eaters..especially if you are a picky eater..they had kali dal/mixed vegetables/Corn and Mushroom/and some other weird options/oh and Saag..their saag was eehhhh..only thing I enjoyed was kali daal3. Did I mention expensive already??? I paid six dollars for a salted lassi..seriously??? Bill came out to 50 for two for a buffet lunch...no wayyy!!I will not be going back there again!
Very good Indian buffet. $5 for each type of Naan and/or rice is a bit pricey to me albeit tasty. Optimal value is the lunchtime buffet @ $15.95 for 16 dishes, including an amazing black lentil daal, chickpeas, chicken tikka, spinach saag, chicken tandoori, mushroom medley, chicken makhani, etc. Friendly service and wait staff. No dessert with buffet is an auto removal of a star from me. I was looking forward to some rice pudding!Must get: black lentil daal, chickpeas
Went here after ages today for dinner with my family. Some of my family is also here from San Fran and we wanted to treat them to a delicious dinner in NYC and I'm so glad we picked Bukhara Grill! I called in advance to make a reservation for 9 PM. When we reached there, we were seated immediately and given our menus and water. Along with fresh new plates and a fun bib/apron to use as your napkin. We commenced the evening with a bunch of drinks. I ordered the mango mojito which I absolutely loved. A very well made drink. Color me impressed.For starters, we ordered: Malai Chicken Kabab, Adrak Ki Chaamp and Lamb Seekh Kabab. My family is a big fan of tandoori non-vegetarian items and we stress on appetizers more than we do on entrees. We were very satisfied with these. The Malai Kababs were tender and flavorful. The Adrak Ki Chaamp (lamb chops) were deliciously spiced. Each order comes with two, but they are massive and can easily be split. The lamb kababs were soft and juicy - cooked to perfection. I was already feeling quite full after the appetizers and didn't expect much from the entrees. Like I said, we really do give appetizers more importance. However, you can't leave Bukhara Grill without trying more. So, it was time for round two. For entrees, we ordered Bhuna Goat, Dal Bukhara, Saag, Jalebi Paratha and Garlic Naan. Oh boy, was I in for a surprise. I've never had such great entrees at an Indian restaurant. I always end up leaving an Indian restaurant liking the starters more. This is the first time both were equally on par with one another. The Bhuna Goat was beyond delicious. However, I did enjoy the gravy more than the actual pieces (they could have cooked them more; felt they were lacking of tenderness). Dal Bukhara is something they're famous for and was, as usual, on point. The saag was perfectly spiced. The garlic naan was huge and came in one piece instead of being cut into pieces. The show stopper was definitely the jalebi paratha. I don't even know how to describe it. This fluffy, multi-layered paratha - I've had many of these before at other restaurants but this was by far the best made. We also got an order of these with pudina (mint) on it. Heavenly! After round two, I was about ready to blow up. However, I have a separate dessert compartment and I couldn't deprive it, so we ended up ordering the Paan Masala ice cream. UGH, so so delicious. I wish I could've taken a carton of it home with me.My experience at this establishment was nothing short of divine. It honestly upsets me that I hadn't gone here in so long. I will definitely be going back here with much less of a gap next time.
I came here for the first time yesterday - my friend ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and I got the Chicken Vindaloo. To keep this review short - the food was fantastic! We got a side of rice and naan which came in generous portions. I definitely recommend this place, it's officially my favorite Indian resturant.
On my 3 day tour hereThe best Indian food in nyc till nowLooking forward to visiting hereWill definitely recommend to my friends.
In a city with hundreds of Indian restaurants these guys have managed to do something impressive- raise the bar so high that I don't feel comfortable comparing them to other Indian restaurants! The food is great, the service is great and the ambience is relaxing. We went as part of a large party and the fixed price per person was very reasonable. It included drinks (wine, beer, soda, mango lassis, etc.) If you are looking to a place for a corporate dinner or small party don't hesitate to give these guys a call!
Orders food home... the Daal bukaha and dahi baigan were amazing. Just the right flavor... i felt like i am back in India!! Strongly recommend trying this one!
Such a weird place. I was so excited because I loved Bukhara in India. This place is not affiliated had a former Bukhara chef, as well as the same napkins and the same menu. Honestly it's not nearly as good. The lamb, roomali roti, and the daal makhani were all fine/serviceable. Service was flat out weird and rude. They were staring at us, rushing us, picked up the food too early, making us feel bad for not ordering enough, and basically shooed us out. Boo! I would only consider retuning for the 15 dollar lunch buffet.
Food test was not good and Costly.Actually nothing was good except water.They not even deserve one star.There's no need to go even one time..
I do not know where to start.Completely unorganized and very rude. My friend ordered a whiskey coke for a drink which tasted like rubbing alcohol; none the less, we returned it and he brought it back again for her to try.... again... Which was very strange... we returned it once again and she just got a beer. Our check came and we were double charged for the drink ($28) total. And when we mentioned it. They took 15 minutes to only take one drink off. There were 4 of us eating and we were all going to take the remainders separately, so we asked for 4 containers, which was apparently ridiculously hard to get because they thought it was too many? They brought us 2... We then asked for 4 bags- they brought us 2. WE PAID FOR THE FOOD WE WOULD LIKE TO TAKE THE REST WITH US. This is not a foreign concept, we were not out of line asking for containers but were treated terribly!!!!Then as we stood up to leave the waiter TRAPPED ME between the table and the booth reaching over all of us and BUMPING into me to grab the check. SUPER RUDE very petty... I could not believe that we paid 200$ for this kind of service and treatment. ABSOLUTELY ABSURD... I wish I could give this place a 0 because that's how they treat their customers.  Would never return I can't believe this place I haven't ever experienced service like this.
Review is strictly for lunch buffet, which is amazing and by far the best I've been to in NYC or really anywhere else.  If you are in midtown and seeking indian buffet for lunch this is where you should go. Food quality is head and shoulders other places.
This is some pretty good Desi food. My mouth starts to water whenever I start to think about their lamb! Almost everything we ordered was flavored to perfection. I loved that the owner came out to greet my family at the end of our meal. I believe that this place is one of the best to get Indian food in NYC.
I had a truly excellent meal here. I had been planning to go to an expensive steakhouse but the line was far too long. I dropped in here totally because it was close. Service was prompt and attentive. I had a lamb dish with rice and naan bread. Everything was very good and the price was very reasonable.
Right around the corner from the client, me and my co-worker decided it was time for some Indian buffet.  Not knowing exactly what to expect here - price, taste, cleanliness, etc. - we head inside whereby we are led upstairs by a gentleman in suit.  Not a tidy, businessman-like suit but a bit ill-fitting sort of suit, so I'm not necessarily thinking fancy.  When we head upstairs, we noticed that he was at least trying to match the vibe of the restaurant.As Indian buffets go, this is possibly the fanciest I have been to.  Slightly upscale setting and service is accompanied by a different combination of dishes than the tired old chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, etc.  Dishes such as grilled tofu, chili chicken, a tikka masala-like chicken, a cheese dish that I don't know the name of, all stand out as different, interesting, and delicious dishes.  Everything was fresh (we did get there at 11:45am), laid out very well, and just plain good!  I do think it's about as good as an Indian buffet gets, so from that standpoint I give it a 5 star.So then why 4 instead?  Couple of things.  #1 and this is minor - food wasn't spicy at all.  Usually I'm sweating happily when I eat Indian, but here not a drop.  That tells me there is a missing ingredient...  didn't affect how good they were, so it's only a minor complaint.  #2, the price.  $16.95 for lunch buffet is steep, especially when other places are charging $3-4 less than that.  So the docking of a star is really more for the relative value rather than the absolute enjoyment.  If the price doesn't bother you and you want to know what an Indian buffet's potential is, by all means, this is the place.  If you think $20 (after tips) is crazy for a lunch buffet, there are plenty others that cost less and taste (almost) as good.Table-for-1 Factor:  I don't know... certainly for a lunch buffet you might find it a bit awkward although I've seen people do it before.  But this place?  I think you'd feel awkward whether for lunch or regular dinner.  I just imagine bunch of business people eating here at dinner...
Excellent food. Is one of the best Indian restaurant. The staff is very polite and professional. Chicken Tikka Masala and lamb chops are the best here. Amazing garlic Naan . The experience was awesome. I highly recommend this place. The owners are always on the toes.
We picked this place at random because it was close to our hotel but it did not disappoint. We were there for lunchtime so the buffet was still available. In general, I do not like buffets, this is definitely an exception. There was not a huge selection which meant everything was prepared well. They still managed to have a variety of choices to please everyone. They only had 2 dessert selections which were just ok nothing special about them. The service was quick and efficient we never had to look for our waiter he just seemed to magically appear when needed. This one is being marked as a must go back.
Decent, reliable Indian buffet. A good (if heavy) lunch option. They have a spread of grilled chicken, various meat and veggie curries, and assorted other items. They bring naan to the table.
Best India food.I was here on New Years and food was extremely tasty.Best Indian food in America.Bukhara grill .
Ok 5 stars is not enough stars. Bukhara grill catered my wedding event just two weeks back. And the food was AMAZING! and the service?.. Service was StELLAR and they went above beyond expectations!  We had started out looking for a caterer that would be able to provide  Bengali wedding food. Which is slightly different from Indian style of food. When we first went in for the tasting, they took care of us A-Z. It was a bit overwhelming at the amount of food, but at the end it was well worth it.  As we went through the process we found out that Bukhara Grill would be able to make the traditional wedding food, of Byriani, Beef Rezala and Chicken Roast.  Not only did they meet expectations, Raja  went above and beyond to ensure that all the food and items were served in a timely fashion. Additionally, we decided to have fresh jilapi made at the dessert table Which by the way was a complete hit!!  All my guests left happy and fully bellies and still talking about how good the food tasted. As this was my main goal, to have the guests talk about the food for weeks to come. Thank you Bukhara!!
Absolutely my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC!!  Food is delicious and the service is spectacular!! Great for Groups and Birthdays!! Live the attention!!
Right out, have to say that the place is not really value for money. They took a lot of time to attend and the food tasted generic at best. Wouldn't go there again if given a choice.
Awesome indian food in midtown manhattan. They have great indian classics and a killer lunch buffet. This is one of the best places I have found for indian food in the city. Highly recommend.
Bukhara Grill was a knockoff of a "famous" restaurant in New Delhi, India, also called Bukhara Grill.   The famous sued the imitator, and the case went to the highest federal court in New York.  Under ITC Ltd. v. Punchgini Inc, the 2nd Circuit court of appeals ruled for the imitator, finding that the famous restaurant had abandoned its trademark use in the United States, and finding that the famous restaurant was not famous enough to apply the "famous marks" doctrine.Enjoy your wooden menus.
What a great way to spend an evening.  I loved this place.  The food was good, and tons of it.  We ordered a few different items from the menu, along with the incredible ground lamb ke-bob appetizer.  Everything was good, and in the end, the price was really reasonable for a dinner this good in NYC (three for dinner with a bottle of wine for $150 plus tip).  The staff was attentive, and also very willing (and able) to make recommendations for your perfectly suited dish.  -r
Famous and hyped Indian food in Manhattan, and totally worth it. Phenomenal, ok service, but the food is fantastic. It's a better deal to go for the lunch buffet.
I have to second sherf b. on the small outside of the place, which leads to a magical two-story Indian paradise.The decor was beautiful, but you know the owners must have a sense of humor when you see the bibs they give you in place of cloth napkins.  The menus are huge slabs of wood and the water glasses are heavy copper, and the web site has a picture of what I presume to be the owners of the place in very mobster-looking suits.Once the food came out, all the comic undertones were replaced by awe at the delicious feast they presented us with. Everything was spiced perfectly, and the naan was hot and fluffy.I would definitely go here again when visiting NYC.
I had absolutely the worst experience ordering food from this place today. We placed an order for a lunch delivery and were told that its going to be delivered in an hour. We called back after an hour to be told that its going to take 10 more minutes, this went on for about 2 hours before we finally gave up and cancelled the order. Every time we would call to check on the order we were placed on hold for 15 mins before they could figure out and tell us that its going to take them a bit more time to deliver the order. I can understand them being busy but to make people wait 3 hours 15 minutes a time for lunch is just highly unprofessional and mean.
Pass this if you can. Went for dinner, was not worth it. Tried chicken tikka, goat curry and sheek lennan. Ordered roti was served nan, ordered merlot received Shiraz, ordered malai kulfi was served some rose ice cream. Food was substandard and greasy, spice was not to required level, exorbitant prices, try Amma instead, a bit pricy nut worth the extra bucks.
Bukhara ties with Dawat for best Indian food in the city. It's not cheap, and the service is uneven, but the dishes are mouthwatering and flavorful every time. The Bukhara is the best dal I've had anywhere, hands down. I'd be here every other day if I could afford it!
Went for their buffet today and it was quite good with a huge selection of things to choose from. Pretty pricey for a buffet, but I left the place full and satisfied.
I adore this place.  This is the best indian food I've had in Manhattan!  Food is semi-pricey ($20-30 per entre) but worth every penny!  Their naan is just huge!  Wooden decor (menues are wooden, and the wine list is between a wooden wine bottle.)  Try to come for their lunch buffet, you get large variety of foods (possibly 30 items) ranging from chaat, veges, chicken, lamb, and sweets for the price of $16 all you can eat.  The food also isn't stale like some of the other indian buffets!  Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for quality indian cuisine!
Probably the best Indian buffet that I've been to.  Food is spicy and well cooked with a variety of North and South Indian dishes.  All was pretty good.  The papadams (sp?) are really really good.Drawbacks:-Naan was a little cold.-More pricey than what I'm used to for an Indian buffet. ($15+)-No dessert/tea in the buffet.So, unless you are ready to eat hearty (and nap after lunch,) I would pick another place.
Dal Bukhara, Butter Chicken, Lacha Pyas and Tandoori Roti...the best Indian cuisine I've had in the US...period...!!!The taste brings me home! :-))
I had such high expectations of Bukhara Grill, and it totally fell short.  The pictures on the website make the restaurant look a whole lot better than it actually is.  We walked in, and there's a tiny bar on the right, and you go up stairs to get to the restaurant, like Chinese Mirch.  Go up the stairs, and it looks like a home turned into a restaurant.  I expected rich wood furniture, large tiles, and a great space - instead, I got cheap feeling furniture, and it just felt like it was designed by an amateur with an idea but fell short.We went for lunch on Saturday, and were offered the choice of a la carte and the buffet.  We chose the buffet just to get a sampling of their dishes.  I do have to mention the layout of the buffet, it's in a tight area to the right of the stairs, and so just a tight fit to have everyone walking in that small space while trying to get food.  There were a variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices, from grill vegetables to chicken tikka, chicken curry, lamb curry, butter chicken, saag, channa, tandoori chicken, and much more.  The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't as good as I would've liked.  I could definitely taste butter and oil that went into making the dishes.  Not that I was complaining when I was eating, but I was so bloated I didn't eat dinner - and it wasn't a good kind of full, let me assure you.  It was the - I'm so full, why did I do this to myself - sort of full.And another thing, the lunch buffet did not include dessert whatsoever.  So we opened up the dessert menu, and ordered the kulfi.  For $6-7, I expect my kulfi not to still have the stick in it which gives directions to twist to the right to take it out of the container.  Seriously, you're serving me a $1 kulfi on a plate?  At least take the stick out and make it classier!  Totally disappointment.Between the ambiance and the heavy mediocre food, this place doesn't warrant more than 2 stars.
Good food, good service, and the outdoor seating was particularly nice despite being a bit too close to the other tables. They had some interesting vegetarian dishes on the menu that you don't normally see in other restaurants. The mint paneer tikka was good and the baingan dish (cooked in yogurt) was really good too. The waiter was extremely nice and recommended some dishes that turned out to be pretty good. Overall, a great dining experience.
You have to order the mix grill here, it's not on the menu so you have to specifically ask for it - it comes with 5 different types of grilled chicken and lamb and each type is marinated authentically and differently. But for the tasteless masala chai at the end, I would have given it five stars.
I travel to NYC quite a bit for business and Bukhara has always been how I get my Indian fix when I am in the city.  I recently met up there with 20 friends to celebrate my 40th birthday there when my wife and I flew to NYC for the weekend a couple of weeks back.  You need to start with the Haryali Chicken Tikkas and make sure to order the Kurkurri Bhindi as part of your veggie selection.  Beyond that get what you like since everything there is amazing.  Bukhara is located in Midtown right behind Smith & wollensky on E. 49th between 2nd and 3rd.
I can't decide whether the price I paid was worth it or not...Let's start from the beginning. The decor was nice, the menus are carved out of wood (like someone said in an earlier review, you gotta see it to be able to imagine it). They kept messing with the dimmers for about 10 minutes of my dinner so that was weird?The manager and the wait staff are REALLY nice. So nice that they even placed the first few spoonfuls of food on our plate? I was taken aback by that but hey... when in Rome...The food itself, I want to say yes because my boyfriend says YES, wholeheartedly. It's just that I worked in an Indian restaurant for three years so I've become picky. For the food, I'd give it 4/5 stars because the Keema Naan REALLY wasn't worth the $8 I paid for it. And the chicken briyani is ridiculously overpriced at $22/plate. But the Shrimp Bhuna and the Chicken vindaloo were pretty damn good.I wish they'd bring down the price of the naan and the briyani but I'll justify by saying that they have neat (clean) bathrooms.
Very good food. Samosa was freshly made and really tasty. Roomali roti was not good. Chicken was tender and best cooked. Spices did not meet my Indian palate but non Indians will lov it. Food was good. Naan is huugggeee. Ambience was good and service was very friendly. Owner and managers were very friendly. Definitely a go-go place. Pricey.
Killer lunch buffet.  Tasty offerings, and a lot of vegan options to keep things interesting for those of us that try to avoid animal protein for whatever reason.  Even moreso for vegetarians.  Great service, decent seating, very good food.
This Indian restaurant is well decorated, with a great authentic Indian feel.  Dinner begins with complimentary poppadoms and the traditional dipping sauces (mango chutney, chili sauce, etc.).Entrees were moderately priced ($19-25), rice not included.  Quality of the meat and sauces (we had a chicken Korma and lamb dish) were high, and were well seasoned.  Nice blend of Pakistani dishes on the menu as well.  Naan bread portions were generous and the mango lasse was well balanced.Definitely worth the extra cost, when compared to many of the other Manhattan Indian restaurant alternatives.
We like Indian food being from the UK, but asked them for their recommendations so that we might try something new. The waiter (or more  like the waitinng team) was fabulous - bringing us dish after delicious dish. The owner and the manager both came by to make sure we were happy and even gave us an appetizer on the house. I think the best recommendation was my 10 year old blurting out "...OMG this chicken is delicious!".  Not cheap but worth it.
As a vegetarian, I normally wouldn't think of a place like Bukhara Grill.  The place is known for kababs and meats from the Northern part of India.  But on a recent trip, I was reminded that Indian cuisine offers a ton of vegetarian options.  My issue with Indian restaurants is that they are usually overpriced, salty, oily, heavy, too spicy, and unhealthy.  That differs from traditional food you would get in a typical Indian household.  Indian food does NOT have to be unhealthy.  So our recent visit was a delight.  Service was very good (servers were overeager to keep checking in on us which annoyed some members of our group.  I would rather them check than disappear).  Ambiance on the 2nd floor where we sat by the window, was peaceful.   Noise level - not bad for a busy night.  Food and drinks were excellent.  Overall a traditional authentic flair.We tried a bunch of appetizers.  All the non-veg people enjoyed their kababs and meat choices.  They esp liked lamb seekh kabab and chicken malai kababs.  Veg appetizers we enjoyed included mushroom cooked in the clay oven (a bit too spicy so the second time we requested not-spicy and it was super), assorted fritters, veg seekh kabab (average), papri chat (eat fast before it gets soggy).For a main course, I wanted spinach without the paneer, not spicy, not salty.  They combined spinach and mustard greens, made a delicious dish.  Also had a yellow lentil dal.  Very flavorful.  Basmati Rice should accompany main course dishes but does not.  Bread basket is good for a group of four people.  Healthier bread option is whole wheat plain roti.  Yogurt raita made with low-fat yogurt and cucumbers was a good companion to all the different foods.  And calms down anything that might have been spicy.They cater to special dietary requests.  Ask to meet one of the owners, and at least one is always at the restaurant.  Naresh, our main server was helpful in suggesting dishes.  Raju helped with our dessert choices.  Owner Raja checked in with each table when were we there.There is care in the dishes.  Though pricey for us, we would definitely frequent this place for special dates.  They have three floors.  3rd floor is for parties only.  Located on East 49th, easy to get to.  Lunch specials would  be a good way to enjoy the food, without the higher price tag.
We had just arrived in New York and were tired, so decided to try the Bukhara Grill because it was close to our hotel, and because the Yelp reviews sounded good.It was early (before 6 p.m.) when we arrived at the restaurant, which was practically empty. We were seated upstairs, and immediately felt pressured by an overly eager, somewhat pushy waiter to order drinks - so we ordered a Peach Planter's Punch ($14) and a bottle of Heineken ($7).We decided to order three of the $8 appetizers, and the manager who took the order immediately asked if we were going to order entrees. When we said no, that we were going to just share the appetizers he acted like we were somehow offending him. We would never go back in the place again - spent over $53 with tip and totally not worth the price because of the way we were treated.
4/5 food, 3/5 atmosphere, 4/5 serviceI enjoyed this indian buffet very much. Unlike most buffets, their food is quite good and lives up to the reputation of Bukhara. I consider myself to be a novice in indian cuisine, but my other friends who were more cultured in this aspect also agreed that the quality of food here was quite enjoyable. I would come back for sure.
I had dinner at Bukhara 2 days ago, it was amazing!!! I had dal bukhara and I am still craving for it :(, and palak paneer koftas which was out of this world! I had roomali roti which was a disappointment as they had used whole wheat flour to make it where as, you are supposed to use all purpose flour and it really melts in your mouth. The one I had at Bukhara was not great as it was hard. But, that apart, the entrees were excellent!! Service was good as well. The ambience is a bit depressing, but who cares? I go for the food and service.
i have been going to this place for years and they are very consistant with food and service quality. Several years ago they closed thier other location and started with a buffet style lunch. I was very skeptical as i don't "buffet" as a rule. After several visits of ignoring the lunch buffet and ordering from the menu, i gave in and tried the buffet and to be honest i could not tell the difference from when i ordered off the menu. I would reccomend ordering naan bread off the menu while enjoying the buffett. The owner seems to be on site everytime i am there. That makes me feel as if he really cares about happy customers.  i've never had a bad meal here, never waited in live. when i get a hankerin for good Indian food, quick, with no hassles... Bukhara is the place to go.
I've never dined here but have called for delivery and done take-outs before. I like their lamb and chicken curries, naan and basmati rice. Poppas are good too.
I wish I had more space in my tummy to fit it all! We went over for dinner with 3 people (with reservations) and were seated promptly. We decided to order a few dishes to share as a table (which appeared to be the standard). We ordered the:Sikandari Raan (tandoori leg of lamb) - it was absolutely delicious 5/5 stars Chicken Makhani (chicken in creamy tomato sauce, like tikka massala at your regular Indian joint)- definitely left us disappointed and regretted ordering it because we didn't finish it and the dish was not nearly as good as the other two 2/5 starsDal Bukhara (black lentils in sauce)- the best of the night, so yummy we all felt we couldn't stop eating it despite our fullness!! 5/5 starsGarlic Naan- good, fresh and you could taste and see the pieces of garlic! 5/5Their breads looked delicious from what I saw at the other tables and I will go back and try some other varieties. I didn't give the place 5/5 overall because the waiter was very pushy and not very accommodating to our needs ( and questions about the dishes). Also, the copper water glasses are terrible!! You can taste the metal and they have a salty, metallic aftertaste, we requested glass cups halfway through our meal. Definitely a great place overall and although I'm not Indian, I grew up in an Indian community and my friends families cooked authentic food regularly so it seemed mostly authentic, they have both American take out Indian fare and some more authentic options. Also there were two large Indian parties seated nearby.
Tasty buffet with one of the the largest selection of diverse food options.  Lots of great meat and veggie dished and the rice pudding was delish.  Although a little pricey, it was worth the price.
The service left a little to be desired but the food on the lunch buffet was very good. I'll definitely go back again.
This is the best Indian restaurant in Manhattan. The atmosphere is nice (which most Indian places can't pull off) and the food is excellent. I eat this stuff at home and so I know what it's supposed to taste like at it's best and this is a really good restaurant. Not as inexpensive as other Indian/Paki places around town, but it also exists on the upper end of the quality continuum so you should be willing to pay for that. Great service (themed waiters and serving dishes) and the place looks Indian as well. Which, as those who know know, isn't always accomplished by Indian restaurants either. Quality place even during lunch buffets. Nothing more to say. It's great.
I went to NYC for a day's trek and landed at Bukhara Grill for lunch. The quality of food was beyond my expectations. Having tried couple of places in Boston, i had lost all hope of decent Indian food restraunt in US. But the food ( all veg) items were very good. Specially the bread basket was wonderful. I am not familiar with other places to eat in BYC but certainly Bukhara Grill was very good and is worth a try. The best thing was that they served aloo tikki and panipuri as starters. I was so missing them here. Given the strategic location in downtown, you should give it a try. Don;t forget to try Mango Lassi as well. It was a delight.
the lunch buffet is a bargain at $10.  the madhi pallora and chicken makani were great, and the proprietors were friendly and attentive.  if you're looking for sunday brunch you'll get much better value going here instead of the overpriced, under-served, under-flavored diners along jericho turnpike or old country road.
This is the best Indian lunch buffet in the city! Believe me, I've tried them all at this point and nobody else can match Bukhara's variety and quality. This is no secret however, so prepare for a crowd and also be prepared to get friendly with the people sitting next to you because they really pack them in here. Minus half a star for that. Minus half a star for the price ($18) as well. Yeah, it is the best, but it could be few bucks cheaper.
This place serves good food, but not really any better than many of the many Indian restaurants in NYC that charge half the price or less.  I was offended when the $30 plate of tandoori shrimp I ordered came with only four shrimp on it.  They were large shrimp, but seriously, just four for $30?  They were tasty, but not exceptional.  The $23 lamb curry was also good but not better than I'm used to getting elsewhere for much less.  I guess you're paying for the service (nervously hovering men who pressure you to order more than you will be able to eat) and the decor (maybe elegant in some people's minds, but to me it just looked tacky).  My $13 "lychee sangria" turned out to be white wine plus lychee syrup from a can, served over ice - no fruit at all, tasted fine, but that should be an $8 drink, tops.  If you want rice with your curry, it's $8 extra.  Everything was extra, except the (yummy) complimentary appetizer side of roasted chickpeas and crunchy chips in yogurt sauce that came out after we had ordered.  The nan, also $8, was delicious.  But the best part of the meal (and best value at $8) was the peach sorbet for dessert: a whole frozen peach whose insides had been scooped out and replaced with sorbet.  It was served fresh out of the freezer such that we had to let it sit 10 minutes before it had thawed enough to start scraping away at, but the sorbet was heavenly good.  In short, good food, but 2 drinks + 2 main courses + 1 rice + 1 nan + 1 sorbet added up to $110, plus tip.
The food was good but the service ruined the experience.  The waiter was aggressively trying to upsell everything.  From pushing mixed drinks to $5 extra for white meat to $7 for plain rice that didn't come with the dishes to trying to get us to order lamb instead of chicken (more expensive), I was stressed out by the time the ordering was done after having to haggle over everything I tried to get.The  chicken Makhani was very good, the vindaloo wasn't spicy at all, the palak ke kofte was tasty, the rice was insanely expensive and plain, the naan wasn't very good and the potli samosas were ok and very small.I went to the restroom after dinner and was gone 2-3 minutes tops and my coat was already taken from the coat check and put on my chair with the waiter asking my friends when we were leaving, so I had to take a star off for the really bad service.
Best Indian in the City in my opinion. Agree with other posts, best Chicken Vindaloo I've ever had and the buffet (especially when you're craving Indian - which seems to be a frequent case for me) is phenomenal.  Love  this place and the staff is exceedingly friendly and courteous.
Great tasting indian food. Had the lamb chops ( with adrak), sarson ka saag, roti, rumali roti and fish tikka. The sarson ka saag with roti was heaven!! Have'nt tasted a mustard green dish this good in years. The lamb was also very well marinated and cooked. Overall a great indian dinner experience. I'm Giving them four stars only because the wine list was weak and the fish tikka smelled/ tasted of lighter fluid :). In fact i would've dropped them down to three stars for the lighter fluid, if not for the sarson ka saag ;)
Being from similar background and lots of indian food eating experience, i wasn't expecting it to be this good. But this place is awesome !! the food is pricey but very filling. My friend and I shared an appetizer and entree with a naan and an order of rice, cam eout to about $80 , no drinks (we had Pelligrino). Still worth it !
Excellent!  Cozy restaurant with a nice room for a private party.  The food was outstanding. The waiters were elegant and attentive strolling with unending trays of delightful appetizers.  We had our main course buffet style and  everything was delicious from the chicken makhani to the palak paneer  and of course the fluffy buttery naan. I'll definitely be back on my next trip to Manhattan.
Delicious Indian Food.  I am an Indian Food snob but I was pleasantly surprised here (and also extremely thankful to have a good Indian place in the neighborhood -- good bye "curry in a hurry" hello quality!).   I will say  that it is a little pricey on the value to cost ratio, but c'est la vie.  Great service.
I probably should give it a 5 just because I order from here almost every night, but it's a little too expensive. I started by trying all the stock dishes - CTM, chicken saag, palak paneer - and all of them were excellent (especially the spinach dishes actually). Naans and rotis here are nothing special, but the dishes themselves are great. Plus there's a ton of variety: I really liked the lamb keema, which I haven't seen on any other menu before. This is by far the best Indian/Pakistani place I've tried in New York.
Really delicious lunch buffet, though pricey ($16). Heavy orientation to chcken (about 50% of the dishes were chicken) with no other meat present. Terrific fish curry was a standout. Service was fine, if a bit brusque. Seating a touch cramped, noise levels a bit high, but pleasant feeling and comfortable.
First I didn't eat here, so my stars are for service and....well, the price. DH and I came here late on a Wednesday night and it was empty. We were the only ones seated. We ordered two glasses of wine and checked out the menu. I almost died. I like to think that I am a fairly decent Indian cook, having practiced at home and for dinner parties A LOT. Now, I'm sure this restaurant has excellent food (as do many Indian restaurants, and Indian moms), but there is NO reason to charge $7 for rice, $7 for a naan, and $3 extra dollars for white meat in a chicken dish that is already $30. NO reason at all. None. It's outrageous - absolute, atrocious, highway robbery. I understand paying for ambience - but this place wasn't anything to write home about, and not in a great location either. I get paying for service - but our waiter was downright rude and snatched away our plates and (free) papad in a huff when we said we weren't going to be ordering dinner. I understand paying for special food - but this was not organic, or sustainable, or made by a famous chef, and it wasn't even white meat! No way - no one should pay this much to eat here. Seriously. I've had my share of great meals - Batali restaurants, Gary Danko's, etc and I'm happy to fork over the dough when it's deserved. This place doesn't deserve it. Save your money and get takeout from Tadka - excellent food, better prices.
Great lunch buffet with I think at least 8 different entrees/curries, and a selection of appetizers as well. Good curries with plenty of chunks of meat for the carnivores, but there's also palak paneer and something aloo mattar-like for the vegeterians. The buffet dining area is on the second floor and the ambience is very nice, especially the outside patio. Buffet runs about $14, I think, not including tax/tip, which is relatively pricey compared to other Indian buffets in the area, but the selection and quality is worth it.
I went there for dinner with a bunch of people. The place was way to costly for the food. I've had better Indian Food in NY than this place. The food came pretty fast. I must say the paneer starter was very good. However, the starters the mushroom one was like boiled mushroom with seasoning kept on the plate. None of us could eat it after seeing it.The food was okay and not that great. The waiters messed up quiet a bit. They brought things we never ordered and added stuff to the orders which we did not want. The bill was messed up as well. I would suggest going through the bill very carefully.
From the outside, it looks pretty average.  However, once you step in to the restaurant the ambience is quite nice!  We ate on the balcony outside (its small - maybe 10 people can fit total..but nice).  The servers are very attentive and the food is good.  I liked the paneer tikkas and the shrimp appetizer the best.  The owner used to work as a chef at a Sheraton hotel in India - so all his ideas are from there..thus the food is definitely authentic..you won't find any fusion here.  Price-wise, i'd say its one of the more expensive ones..but the only time I go to indian restaurants is with my parents so dad pays and I have no idea how much it actually is :p
Kinda pricey but I had a feast here with 8 people. Fried okra was delicious. Saag with corn. (I'm not sure if it is on the menu, but we ordered it and it was tasty!) Everything was very very tasty! Be sure not to wear tight pants or you will be seriously wobbling home.
Not so much variety but also a lack of differentiating tastes in dishes... All in all, expensive for the quality.
This place has fantastice Indian food. The food is authentic and good. Drinks are okay, the garlic naan is excellent and comes out about 3X what a normal portion would be. The chicken Masala and Chicken vindaloo are great. Lamb varieties I wasn't as crazy about but then again I'm not that crazy about lamb. Everything fromt he waiter's garb to the copper cups scream authenticity and I love this place. The only thing is, do not sit in the front of the rest in the winter unless you would like to be a frozen over icicle.
Really good! We had the lunch buffet and it was great and very reasonably priced. I'm sure the made-to-order food is even better because buffet food can really only taste so fresh. The service was very friendly as well. Overall, a really great find!
When the Indian craving hits me and my office mate, we trek over here for the $15 all you can eat buffet. Served with fresh, hot, fluffy naan the buffet is varied and caters to both meat eaters and vegetarians. I particularly liked the lentil dish and the spicy chicken. Cute but random decor on the second floor - lots of sliced wood pieces pasted onto the walls. The buffet is build into the stone wall on one side of the dining room, making for a great use of space. Order one of their delicious lassis (yogurt drinks) and try to get a table near the front window for a relaxed and stomach-stuffing Indian lunch.
i end up here some saturdays for lunch or just get it delivered to the office. when delivering we usually give them a HUGE order and they don't miss a beat on the details, whether by phone or seamless web.i highly recommend the tandoori vegetables and tandoori salmon. yum.a friend of mine witnessed a few waitstaff in a verbal scuffle with a few "benchod matherchod" type of words uttered. i only wish i was there to see it...
A true biriani--not one that's a bunch of earlier-made dishes piled together with the spiced rice of the day--is one of the wonders of Indian cooking; and they do it right here, indeed beautifully.  Beforehand, their bhel puri, an almost indescribably light and crunchy tower of grains and other crunchies bound with a sweet-and-hot sauce, is fine proof that Indian cooking need not be heavy in the slightest.
Best tandoori food. little expen$sive but great.
Happened to pass by this place and gave it a try. The food was fantastic! The service was prompt but not pushy. The entire wait staff appeared to be very well versed on the menu and made great recommendations. Just a note, in case you are paying attention to the $$ rating; the bread basket is not complimentary and costs $16 but could easily feed 4-5 people. Refills on soda are also at charge. We left very full for about $50 per person.
Lunch buffet was simply outstanding, though a bit pricey ($17 plus tax). However, I'd eat here again with no hesitation. Plenty of variety of food, high quality (not a lot of bones or fat), great sauce, very attentive service.  It is far better than the other Indian buffets I have tried in the surrounding area.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to.  It wasn't cheap, but I believe they have the BEST chicken vindaloo.  Very spicy, but it's out of this world.  The lunch buffet is quite good as well.
went here last night w/ my friend bc I had a craving for samosas. the restaurant itself was really cute, and I loved the copper cups. the food was pretty good though I've had better. we started off w/ the samosas which were really spicy but nothing a little chutney can't take care of. for entree we decided to share the chicken mukhani aka butter chicken which my Indian friend loves. this was also good but was slightly bland and could have had a few more spices to it. I really liked the kulfi though that came in a popsicle.
a favorite in this area..shop eat and repeat...vindaloo and masala are bumpin..finger lickin...pricey for sure..but look where you are
decent paki food, but eXtremely overpriced
We went for an a-la-carte lunch here even though the place had a buffet lunch. We ordered the Veg (Subz) Seekh Kabab and Chicken Malai Kabab as appetizers. The chicken malai kabab was mouthwatering, succulent, delicious - 3 big pieces of chicken heavenly pleasure. The veggie kebab was also good and our vegetarian friends loved it. For entrees, we ordered the famous Dal Bukhara (black lentils) and it was as expected - buttery, heavy and tasty. We also ordered the Chef's Special - Methi Chicken (a preparation of fenugreek and chicken). The quantity was huge for the 2 of us who were having chicken that day. The rotis were nice. Overall food quality is great and authentic Indian. The service could have been better - we didn't get refills of water proactively, we had to call out. Ambience is okay, nothing great, but not too bad either. As others noted in their reviews, the staff does try to upsell you on their other offerings like desserts, etc. But ultimately, the choice is yours. A place worth visiting if you want some good old authentic Indian cuisine.
Best Indian food I had in this city. Very friendly and professional staff. Nice setting. Really enjoyed it. We went with as group and had a great time.
Overpriced Indian food that was mediocre at best. Rotis were tough. Rice cost an extra 10 dollars when we requested it and they didn't even have chai! We had a much better experience at a place a few blocks away that was half the price!!!
I've wanted to come here for lunch since I started working in the area a couple of months ago. Bukhara is half a block from my office, so it's very convenient. I placed a pick-up order through Seamless today, and the lovely hostess called to verify my pickup time to ensure the would be hot enough. Great start!I'd ordered the Vegetable Platter lunch special which comes with two vegetable curries (chef's choice), lentils, basmati rice pulao, and a fresh, puffy, hot naan. The curries - the flavorful Palak Bhutta plus an outrageously good matar and mushroom masala that I don't see on Bukhara's menu. The black lentils were tasty and went very well with my naan and the side of raita I ordered. The basmati rice was perfect. The raita was thick, cold and delicious; a bit pricey at $6, but you get a lot. And I now have lunch for tomorrow with all the leftovers. Except the naan. Ate all the naan. I had asked for the food to be medium-hot in spice level, and it was probably perfect but I could have had it spicier. I think my tolerance is improving!The staff was very pleasant and welcoming, and seemed to care a great deal that I was happy with my order. And the two staff members didn't laugh at me when I clumsily said Dhanyavaad (thank you) in Hindi. They played right along and replied with the less formal Shukriyaa.I'll be back for sure, and hopefully can practice some Hindi too. Great food, great service! If you are traveling to Bukhara, they are about 5 blocks from the 3rd Ave & 53rd Street entrance of the E/M/6 subway.
Very solid Indian.  Terrific lunch buffet.  Great food, great selection, great value.
This is byfar the worst Indian food restaurant I have been in NYC.  We went there on Friday night around 830 after looking at the reviews but there was nothing special when we reached. The waiters showed us attitude and we asked for rumali roti which they went out of stock. The head waiter came to us and asked us to order at once as they just had one portion of 3 curries and 6 naan. We were empty stomached though we went there at 830 pm. The curries tasted awful and naan were like rubber. Worst service , pathetic food and too pricy ( not sure for what they charge so much ) . One star is just for the fancy menu and location.
U stupid if u don't come here for Indian food!!soooooo gooood service ultra goooood , food god like !!!
It is very expensive and unlike other highly rated indian restaurants side dishes like rice have to be paid for separately. Only good for those trying to impress their date or have come by some windfall and need somewhere to off-load the dough.  Service takes ages and waiters a little bit cheeky.
Excellent lunch buffet.  Best Indian lunch buffet in NYC!  The variety is impressive and the taste and quality is good as well.
I had been hesitant to order Indian catering for office functions from anywhere other than Chola, but after an event before Christmas at work that featured Bukhara Grill's food, I surely will add them to my catering rotation.Fan Favorites: naan, goat biriyani, and chicken tikka masala.
My brother and I used to frequent Bukhara Grill regularly when he was a student at NYU. So it was with fond memories that we returned for dinner this past week.Service: Sorry but the waiters are a bit strange...they really try to upsell, which is annoying, but besides that they hover, and not in a good way. Definitely left me with an odd feeling.Food: Not as good as I remembered.-- Lamb Biryani - my brother had this and enjoyed it, I don't eat meat so I can't give my thoughts.-- Mixed Vegetable - nothing to write home about. Just okay.-- Plain Rice - it was...plain rice. Nothing else to add here.-- Chicken Tikka - again my brother enjoyed this, I can't comment on this dish.-- Chutneys were tasty!Spice Level: Bukhara excels here...nothing is too spicy!Prices: Average for NYC I guess. But I've had way better food, for less $ in Murray Hill.Bottom Line: My fond memories are now replaced with visions of the strange waiters and average vegetarian food. I don't think I'll return (unless my brother makes me).
LAMB CHOPS - BEST IN MANHATTAN. Yeah I said it! It comes with a price tag but after one bite you'll know why. 48 hour process for cooking their chops. The food is amazing, authentic punjabi food. If you plan on skipping apps and going for the entrees you are making a huge mistake. Their apps are to die for and majority of them are cooked in the tandoor oven. Here are a few recommendations:Veg Apps: Veg Sheik Kabab Tandoori Mushrooms Paneer Tikka Meat:Lamb Chops Anchari Chicken Malai Chicken Sheik Kababs Salmon Fish Tikka  Entrees: Veg:Daal Bukhara (A MUST) Saag Paneer Chaana Meat:Chicken MakhniGoat/Lamb GoshtLamb Vindaloo Breads:Garlic Naan w/ butter Lacha Parantha Come hungry because you will leave satisfied. Staff is incredible, they are constantly working hard to ensure you are enjoying yourself.
Was in the area and in the mood for Indian so I swung by for their lunch buffet at $16.95Nice decor and ambience  steel cups cutleryFoodLiked their paneer, fish, and grilled meats.The chili chicken was very filling on a few bites....magic?Service was good.Not sure I would return...maybe.  Seating was prompt
Best Indian food in NYC so far. Very authentic taste and great service.Had the afternoon buffet. They had 4 appetizers, 6 to 7 curries, dal, kadi..Its a great deal in $17. Give it a try!!
excellent food, excellent service, always visit this place in nyc, consistently delicious. will return again!
Very expensive place for the portion and quality they serve. We wanted to have a good dinner and after reading good reviews went to this place. It was packed so we decided to sit on the patio. They had 4-5 tables outside but the light arrangement was very poor. It was very dark to eat comfortably. Anyways the weather was good so we didnt mind that. We ordered :Samosa : The samosa was very tasty (cost $9)Naan: Garlic Naan was okay. (cost $7 which is way to expensive)Chicken biryani: they messed up our order and got veg biryani. In the dim light couldnt figure out for the first few spoons. When we asked our server they took 10 mins to get us the chicken biryani plus the manager with it. The manager gave us the biryani with no apologizes.  The biryani was okay but for $24 the portion of biryani was very less. The raita was not that great either. Plus the biryani didnt have salt. Everything was worthless for the price we payed.
Went w high expectations but disappointed- our roomali rotis were thin wheat chapatis, which would have been perhaps ok, if they were not cold and seemed not fresh. The kabobs were not cooked all the way either. Wish it was better, had been on our wish list for the longest time.
So disappointed! I have been here before and had amazing food. Tonight I returned after quite a while and ordered some food to go. The rumali roti was stale and hard, and the tandoori chicken was tough and unappetizing. Not sure I will return.
*Attended a food tasting so food terms may not be on point.Must-haves: spinach paneer rolls, papri chaat, Tandoori pickled mushroom, mushroom corn masala ... (vegetarian options triumph non veg)Service: fast & friendly
Actually the best Indian I have ever eaten, and I am a dedicated Indian buffet patron. I'm a spice fiend and usually order my food level 6 or 7, didn't even mind that it wasn't as hot as I'm used to because the flavor was just so good.
For the team of Bukhara Grill!Thank you so much for the delicious food, beautiful presentation and the wonderful service for our reception dinner. You and your team surpassed all of our expectations and our guests still rave about the food. Our only disappointment was not getting to eat more of the delicious food. Since we started planning our wedding, we knew we didn't even want to look for other caterers. Bukhara has been our favorite since our first visit to your restaurant. The servers were very attentive to the needs of the guests, friendly, and very professional. The food was delicious and we got numerous compliments from all our guests. Thank you so much for working hard to make our wedding a success. We would recommend Bukhara Grill to everyone looking for a delicious and elegant meal for their wedding.
The buffet was delicious, variety of food.  The  goat was delicious, the tandoori tasty, and basmati rice. Rice pudding for dessert.  The to go food I saw was taken from the buffet and we saw him touch the food with their hands directly.  It also took a long time to get my bill and then my credit card back.  Service was ehh ok.  The food overall was tasty.
I have consistently been disappointed with Indian places in the city for a variety of reasons namely because they cut corners. First of all, why am I paying $25 for a dark meat chicken dish? Why? We ordered *two* chicken dishes this evening and both were disappointing. The chicken in the chicken tikka dish was fatty and rubbery. We took doggie bags but I'm going to throw it out. Another chicken dish we ordered was tomato based and it tasted like tomato soup. The only thing I found appetizing was the naan. Service was ok. We had to ask the waiter who you place your order with to come over and explain stuff to us. He seemed annoyed. Anyway, if you want a great dish drive to East Setauket, Long Island and visit the Curry Club. You won't be disappointed.
I came here with my wife for her birthday, I had very high expections after having read their website and seeing what type of events they had catered to in the past. Friends had also recommended this restaurant as a must-go-to-place. Sadly,I was somewhat disappointed with how the evening turned out. We had a reservation and were taken to the patio area which was more like a very small balcony with three tables. The area was nice though and we were getting ready for some spicy food...We had the lamb seekh kebab which were great, perfect texture and flavour. Then it just went downhill from there. I ordered the chicken vindaloo, which is supposed to be quite spicy, but there was hardly any heat or spice in the sauce at all, it just felt very flat. It was kind of like they had put in the wrong sauce for the chicken. Maybe it was a mistake, maybe they had an off night, but I was certainly not impressed.My wife had a of mal mal kebab dish as an entree which had whole koriander seeds in it, which was kind of strange, basically having to pick them out while you are eating...Koriander seeds are expected to be ground into the meet and not to be tossed in whole.Some of the waiters were nice, but some of them really seemed like they didn't want to be there at all, they just didn't seem interested in accomodating. The prices were generally quite a bit higher than other Indian restaurants, which I knew before coming, but really the lamb sheekh kebab was the only main highlight of the evening and I don't think that would be enough to make me come back...And yes, like others have written in their reviews, the naan is huge!
Took some coworkers for the Indian experience. Nice lunch buffet in midtown Manhattan. Chole was really well seasoned. Had the chicken, saag, and the baighan. Baighan (eggplant) was the star of the show.  Fresh breads brought table side and the food was not too greasy. Highly recommended.
If you're looking for some Chicken Tikki Malasa then look no further. Bukhara Grill is a solid Indian restaurant that transports you to its homeland. From brass cups to golden trays, it seems that you don't need to travel too far to experience India. Came here on a weekday night with my girls and it wasn't too packed. Our host led us upstairs by the buffet table (only available during lunch, not dinner). After a quick look, our party decided on chicken makhani (aka tikki masala, thanks Diana P. for pointing that out) and two lamb entrees. The chicken was slightly dry but the sauce made up for it. Mmmm mmmm that sauce. I practically scooped up all of it with the two arm size garlic naan we ordered. When it arrived, it was like a boat! It's HUGE! One naan could feed 4-5 people. No wonder our waiter looked at us weird when we asked if we ordered enough. I shall be back with more people to conquer u Naan! Till next time.
Great food with quick service. The staff was really very helpful in advising the correct quantity. Naans were too soft. Dal makhani, chicken tikka, chicken curry were a way too tasty and scrumptious.
I ordered take-out only menu "Chicken Curry Platter" for $12 on Seamless today. I liked this lunch menu. (I noticed this menu doesn't show up on Seamless after lunch time.) Delivery was quick.This menu contains Chicken Curry, Vegetable of the Day , Basmati Rice Pulao, Naan, Fresh Garden Salad. It was delivered in round flat container divided in three parts. First part was curry. I liked that I can choose how spicy you want your curry when you order Seamless. The second port was rice with mushroom. They were both good. The third part was something white cooked with delicious spice and herb. I thought the white thing was chopped tofu, but when I ate I found out it was cheese. I never had eaten food like that. It was not very cheesy and mild. Fresh Garden Salad was combination of lettuce, spinach and carrot. It was wrapped in tin foil. There was no dressing. So it would have be better it come with dressing. Naan came in a keep-warm bag. It was huge!!This lunch platter is huge for me, so I was able to eat only less than half of it. So the rest will be my dinner or tomorrow lunch. I prefer eating curry with rice than Naan, I ate more rice and ate only 1/10 of Naan. So the rest of Naan can be two breakfasts. I usually pay for lunch less than $10 and this $12 lunch seemed price for me at first, but after I ate and think about the quantity, $12 is a good deal.  One thing I thought they need to do was paying attention to special instruction from the customer who ordered on Seamless. There is the option of Eco friendly that you can choose when you don't want to receive any plastic utensils and paper napkin. I always choose this option when I order on Seamless. However, many restaurants are eager to deliver as early as possible, and they overlook this Eco-friendly option. So I received unwanted plastic utensils many times from different restaurants. Bakhara Grill also wasn't paying attention to my Eco-Friendly instruction although I clearly wrote in Special Instruction section, too. Many New Yorkers are interested in Eco-friendly, so they should follow their instruction.
Ridiculously amazing Indian lunch buffet.  High quality.  This is a "go to" restaurant where I run into other fellow NYC friends who are also lovers of Indian food.    Always good when those friends are also Indian!This is the only place I go now for a lunch buffet to satisfy my craving.   See my Amma review for a non-buffet, high quality authentic experience.
What an amazing Indian restaurant! I was brought here by my Indian friend and he highly recommended here for their lunch buffet. For $17, you can have all these amazing Indian dishes from Nann bread, grilled Chicken tikka, goat stew to desserts. For me, that is a great value and you are guaranteed to have a good time here with a glass of Taj Mahal beer!
Midtown has some excellent Indian options, but this restaurant stands out.  Reliable very good options (I have had delivered) - Dahi Aloo Papri which is mixture of crispy strips, potatoes, and chickpeas in a tamarind sauce. Yum!  Tawa Crab, which is hard not to get once you try - is a generous portion of crabmeat as they say "cooked with curry leaves, onions, tomatoes, and ginger."  YUM YUM.  And all of the curries I have tried as well as the Tandoori options have been a cut above. My current favorite is Chicken Makhani which is chicken pieces roasted in a clay oven and tossed in a creamy, spicy tomato sauce. I also give particular high marks for the naan which is the real deal.It is more expensive than some other Indian within blocks, but it is very good.  I would rank this along with Joy as my local favorite Indian, and I would really like to visit. It looks like a very nice place to dine in too ( see pics), but I have yet to do that.
The ambience and service was good, was expecting the food to be awesome but the chicken that we ordered seemed not done and when we mentioned it we were told that thigh meet is like that. But the chicken breasts that we ordered was the same, very tough. The rotis were awesome. Will rethink if i will go back here again.
The best naan and tandoori chicken I have had in my life. Orange juice I ordered for my son didn't taste right. But the food was really good
I have been three times now to this restaurant because Inwas in the area and I can describe my experience as average. I think this restaurant is overpriced and the food is not all that good. The rice is expensive, the naan is expensive but also the meat dishes are very expensive. The chicken tikka masala is expenaive and it's not even that good... The sauce is very tomato-y and doesn't have this smooth texture you expect. The portion is quite generous but that still doesn't justify the price. Clearly, we still weren't spending enough for the owner/manager to approach our table and inquire how everything was going, like he did with the surrounding tables.You are way better off heading down to "curry hill" for good Indian food at way more reasonable prices. We paid exactly double of what we pay at our regular Indian place down there.... Probably suits us well for being unfaithful to Bhatti.... :-)
We ordered the chicken malai kebab which was really good and the goat biryani , this was good, but the meat could have been more tender. The buffet seemed to be good but we are not big eaters so stuck to the a la carte .For dessert we ordered the kulfi - this was disappointing, specially if you know what the original indian kulfi tastes like.Service was good.
One word to define the food...GARBAGE!!! I know many Indian Joints who are into corner cutting hire non Indians to cook, for example  restaurants in Jackson heights but you can't push your luck so far. Customers are pretty educated and if we walk in a Indian restaurant , 95% chances are we KNOW what we ordering. Chicken tikka masala..I guess if your chef can't make 'THAT' right, time to give him a golden hand shake.
Great buffet. Decent variety and nice service. One of my favorite places for lunch buffet. Nice for large groups.
The most delicious indian food I ever tried - chicken biryani and Haryali tikka were out of this world. Big thanks to the chef who is putting so much love (=ghee!) the his creations! Will definitely be back and try some new goodies.
Bukhara is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city. I've been here for dinner several times and to their weekend brunch once.  The food is pretty consistent. The service is what you would expect the service to be at any Indian restaurant--mediocre.  I think this place has the potential to provide an even better dining experience if only their waiters were friendlier.  Every time I visit, there's this tall and fairly big, older gentleman with glasses that is our waiter and it seems like he's miserable.I pretty much order the same dishes every time I visit and they're all delicious! SamosasDahi Aloo PapriDal BukharaPaneer DilrubaBasmati RiceGarlic NaanThis is a great place for a first date, dinner with the family or friends.  Beware that you do end up smelling like Indian food when you leave the place.
This place is close to my office - so went for the lunch buffet on a weekday.The Food is decent - the menu for buffet is pretty good too. They had a "tawa" with all the meat tandoor preps - that kept the meat warm and tasted pretty close to authentic Indian tandoori.Service was attentive - Overall above average - decent Indian food - but nothing out of the ordinary or in the "excellent" category.
Food was okay, but the price was mad high for what it is and for two people. Got the Tandoori Mix, some naan and sauces. Same options for a place in LIC would be half the price. I would overlook if the decor was good, but the table was small and wobbly. I wonder what they are spending the money on. Service was good though, staff was informative. Overall, I would skip for either a better meal or a better space. For the price, you would expect one or the other to shine.
Excellent find for lunch buffet. All the food was very fresh and flavorful. Winning dish was goat curry. Runner up - naan straight out of the oven. One half block from New York Shaving Company. Killed the exact time I needed to. Give it a try!
On the east side, this is still the best buffet experience. Who ever is running the place has been doing a consistent job. The tandoori chicken is always awesome and the lamb curry is cooked with perfect spices resulting in soft lamb chunks. Most other restaurants have mostly bone in their lamb curry, here there was meat!  Also hard to find a place that does the meat and veggie dishes equally good. They serve a hot Naan basket to each table which has always made sense since it enhances the meal and you don't have to deal with a cold dough pancake of a naan that has been sitting on a warming pan.
Wonderful food and wait staff. The design of the restaurant also adds to the experience -- very cool dishes and silverware. Only giving 4 because the menu is a bit pricey.
Great food as good or maybe better than Buchara in Delhi at the  ITCGreat service from  Viviek
Amazing staff. Loved the ambience. We had to wait for sometime, but totally worth it. I don't know if it was the weekend that made the service late. But, their food is to die for. Their garlic naan is huge and very soft, one would totally love it. My friend ordered Lamb chops and he says you wouldn't eat lamb chops from anywhere else after eating here.
The food was decadent. I had the curried shrimp and channa with vegetable biryani. The attendants were charming, polite and really attentive. Loved this place.
My food from here was inedible. The chicken tikka masala had onions and peppers, (weird), and the meat was hard and dry. The sauce was also really off in flavor. I actually threw my food out after two bites at the cost of $21. I usually order from Darbar, which is consistently excellent, but this was the only Indian place still open when I ordered delivery around 10PM. Steer clear. I should have called for a refund. Very inauthentic.
I was actually walking down the street on my way to get pizza when I noticed this establishment. The first thing that stood out was the attention to the customer. The Asian lady up front was super cool and nice. Once I was seated, I was offered as much Papadum as I wanted, which was cool, along with some onions and lemon and some spices, even cooler. The ambience of the place is really cool and made me feel like I was in a movie set of some medieval or ancient world flick. The staff is awesome and the food is good. I had the Garlic Roti and the Vindaloo, rice was real good too. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. A bit pricey, though!
Authentic Indian cuisine. The owner is usually on hand to great you. I find the taste to be superb. The Naan is great and they make the best kebabs. Tried the grilled cottage cheese and it was amazing.
Being a north Indian brought up on authentic indian Mughlai food, i d say this place did not disappoint. I have eaten at the original Bukhara in New delhi many times and although the one in NY doesn't come exactly at par with it, it still comes quite close.. Which is saying a lot!! One thing which is wonderful about this place is the service and the friendly staff more than eager to serve you and share valuable knowledge about the food should you need it. We ordered the aloo dahi chaat and chicken malai tikka for starters which were both yum!! The chat was a tad spicy but i have a taste for spice so i enjoyed it. For main course we got rogan josh(tender and flavorful), dal bukhara (a MUST) and kurkuri bhindi (tangy and a good accompaniment) along with garlic naan ( okay), jalebi paratha ( food of the gods!!) and tandoori roti ( perfectly baked). The meal left us happy and satisfied and I will be back should I ever miss my home food.
Tender chicken meat and delicious creamy sauce in the chicken tikki masala ($26) that doesn't include rice. Yep, you read that right. Rice is an additional charge. Kind of upsetting if you are paying over $20 for the entree. A star has to be deducted for that. The garlic naan, on the other hand, is gargantuan - not too thick or thin. It is a good side to have to soak up the remainder of the sauce. Try the mango lassi if you haven't already. It's mango-y and yogurt-y, always a fantastic accompaniment to indian food.
I came here for the lunch buffet.It was delicious but oh, so spicy. The waiters saw that I was having a hard time, took pity and brought over some mango lassi to help cool down my tongue. I really liked the tandoori chicken and spinach saag. The naan is amazjing as well.I can't wait to come back for lunch. I just need to keep working on my spicy tolerance!
Crazy delicious. One of the best Indian restaurants I have EVER been to.The lamb barah kebab is soft, moist and perfect. It doesn't taste gamey and tough like most lamb, and the chicken marakah is PERFECT.Kofta is on point with incredible sauce, and if you order the saag paneer as a main dish you will not be dissapointed. The garlic naan is absolutely delicious, and literally everything is perfect. Come here if you love Indian food.Best ever. In New York.
Definitely one of the decent Indian options in Manhattan. The lunch is pretty reasonable.
Ordered Team Lunch and everybody just loved it. Food is tasty but little spicy(worked for me though).Chaamps is amazing and 'must try' item on the menu.Goat Biryani is very good.Chicken Tikka is good.Aloo Gobi is ok.One of the best Indian restaurants in New York!
Excellent service and their food was beyond amazing. The staff was very helpful and extremely friendly. The best Indian lunch buffet in New York City. Highly recommended.
So glad I found this place.Came here on Sunday evening with a 12 month old. The staff, atmosphere and of course food was amazing. Pricing was pretty good too.I'll definitely be back.
When's the last time you had Naan that was a conversation starter?$ 6.50 Garlic Naan. Now, before you throw your hands up in the air, outraged, pause and take a moment to admire this beauty. It might well be the largest Naan you will find in NYC, and certainly one worth talking about. The Sistine Chapel it may not be, but it's hard not to appreciate the warm bread with a distinctively crispy interior, and a puffy chewy lip (though not quite as well defined as a cornicione) that is close to 2 feet in length! Breadaholic that I am, I confess to have visited Bukhara Grill just to try this Naan - while struggling to decide what dish to dignify its presence with!!That's one thing casual customers will not identify easily: the kitchen cooks many dishes in a similar manner. While not quite the plagiarism practiced in "India Row" restaurants in East Village, it would not take much to recognize that the chicken appetizers are cooked in a similar manner with minor differences as to the marinade: I saw that in the three separate versions lately: Hariyali Tikka (marinated in mint, coriander), Aatish Kabab (marinated in a pickle seasoning), and Sharabi Kababi (marinated in other spices used for Chicken Tikka). That's not all: the dishes served in a bucket have been cooked in a wok using similar spices and ingredients (e.g. Shrimp Bhuna or Balti Gosht). Now, not all dishes taste similar (e.g. Kadai Cholley: nice hint of ginger and Chaat Masaala), but there are minor variations only in the clay oven and the wok menu items - which would be my biggest gripe with BG (and I'm describing the A la Carte dinner, not the lunch buffet). Not to mention that the (wooden) menus likely haven't changed in a dozen years, and that itself may be reason enough for germophobe Sheldon Cooper (from the Big Bang Theory) to avoid the restaurant! :)But, Bukhara Grill has loyal customers who swear by it, evident not simply from the 4 star rating (from upwards of 200 reviews), but many repeat ones as well. The restaurant also knows how to keep clients happy. On one of my visits, for a loyal patron dining with two other colleagues, 2 servers stopped by after dinner and left 4 bottles of Cognac, Kahlua, Sambuca, Bailey on the table - saying "compliments of the house". Now, that may have been a first for the patron as well, for he beamed and thumped his chest at the others, still, no need to guess which Indian restaurant he would visit again....Bukhara Grill also currently has my favorite version of Ras Malai in the city - consistently exceptional across all my visits: Perfect temperature, excellent texture of the cottage cheese patties, and the right consistency to the cream. They better what once used to be a very consistent version at Tamarind (sadly, no longer), and a personal favorite of mine. That fact alone prompted me to consider bumping them up to 4 stars. However, with an average per person bill (without alcohol) in excess of $ 65 (after taxes and tip) for my 3 visits, I can't lose all sense of balance and justice. After all, I paid 20% less for a recent meal at Tamarind in Tribeca. Seriously, Bukhara Grill: how is that even possible? (3.5 stars)
The food here is very good and pretty close to traditional with a few modern twists.Their buffet is reasonably priced and service is amazing!!Overall great experience!
LAMB CHOPS! LAMB CHOPS! LAMB CHOPS! seriously, the meat MELTS IN YOUR mouth and no i'm not exaggerating. everything else is also delicious, but LAMB CHOPS! they also have outdoor seating in a cute little patio. but you may get some mosquito bites so heads up!
Pretty good Indian food, great service.This spot was a just a few blocks from my office and one cold wintry day I decided to try it for lunch. The buffet ($16) is well stocked -- I love that they have a build-your-own papri chaat table! The waiters were all surprised when they saw me assembling my little plate of goodness.I found the chicken a little dry in all the dishes, and would have liked if they could have kicked up the spice level a bit. But when eating at a buffet you are playing to the masses.The table naan was delicious, piping hot, and plentiful. And again, the service was spectacular. I'd try it again for a regular dinner I liked these guys so much.
Bukhara, what is going on with you?  You have excellent food, in a small area in midtown where there is a lot of good Indian food.  But your service is completely nuts.  (This review is 2 stars because of service.  The food is MUCH better than the experience of dining in... at least last night).  I called to make a reservation for 8:30 and when we walked in a couple of minutes early we were told that there was a 30 minute wait.  I asked the hostess why and seemed embarrassed and just said that they didn't have any tables despite our reservation.  She said that the person taking our reservation over the phone should have told us about the wait... which made no sense whatsoever.  They might have been thrown off by a memorial day crowd and they also had a note on their website saying that they were having problems with taking reservations because of a Verizon network outage.  We were seated downstairs which was a little annoying since the upstairs is quite a bit nicer, but we were very hungry and not willing to be that picky.  The food was quite good... similar to what I've experienced in the past.  We got the Chicken Biriyani, which in my opinion is not as good as the lamb biriyani.  The creamy eggplant was great as usual, and the chicken makhani was quite good.  I did get a glass of wine and it was  a really generous pour, which was nice.  I don't know if they were trying to appease us.  I did notice the busboy checking out the tip we left quite obviously which was annoying.  We left 20% but didn't feel good doing it.  Not sure if I'll be ready to dine in any time soon.
been lucky to have friends and family bring me some grub from this place, tonight is my time to visit in person, nice indian amercana decor. staff was very nice, drop some names of regular customers, and treated with that extra upstanding service. the naan bread was hot and fresh and being devoured nonstop.for app i had rolled lamb ground  skewers,tasty and a little spicy. for entree hard choice but went with chicken tikka masala,  i was dipping naan in sauce nonstop and eating with my hands like a savage and loving every minute of it.the chicken is so tender and spicy tomato sauce and hot peppers pops flavorful in your mouth.yes is pricey compared to other indian joints and can get crowded,but worth it. the outdoor patio is small ,but in summernights great if you can get a spot.good indian food and good portions ,make this place a favorite spot .
What do I start. Food is ok, not the best. The waiters try to upsell everything. Tip 1. The water, if you just ask for water, the waiter will reply back with "bottled or sparkling" this is a hustle. They just want to charge you  more for the samething. Just ask for regular tap water. Beside you are there for the food NOT the overpriced water. Tip 2. Everything there is a la carte. Most all Indian Restaurants (in the city) meal always comes with rice and yogurt. NOT A THIS PLACE. Nickel and dime you for everything. Tip 3. Meal for 2, get 1 appetizer, 1 Main course,  1 yogurt side OR 1 Rice side. DO NOT let the waiter talk you into getting both. Total waste of food and total waste of money. It's a shame the try these deceptive methods. I am convinced all the waiters there work on commission, not on service but on how much they can get the bill up. Total scamsters.
There are certain no-no's for a restaurant. One of them being please don't give one table's food to another table, particularly when the guest sees it happening. And that's what they did with no apology from the manager who turned his back and walked away. I went for the Sunday buffet with my girlfriend. The food was average. - The Aloo Tikkis lacked flavor, were dry and only couple left on the tawa. The restaurant didn't care to add more - The butter chicken had good flavor but was not warm enough - The goat curry was undercooked. I went there at 12:30pm. Most of the serving pan was filled with bones rather than any meat this early. Through my 45 minutes being there, no meat was added- The server first bought unused cold nans from another table to mine. I respectfully asked for warm fresh ones. I waited for 15 long minutes to start my meal. While the server was bringing the nan bread to my table, another server shamelessly stole the nans as they were about to be served to my table and gave it to another table. I was furious but calmly told the issue to another waiter and left the place. The original server on my table just walked away never to return. When I highlighted the issues to another server, he apologized. The manager saw the issue, turned his back and walked away. This was followed by a full check. I paid and left never to return. Food nothing to remember, service pathetic.
Went here for a dinner out with friends. Very average experience. Nothing spectacular about the ambience. It is priced at a higher end. We called for soy tikka and chicken tangri for apps. While the chicken was relished, the soy was burnt and layered with butter for a tandoori appetiser. The main course was average too. To end with we did not even have a good experience with dessert, gulab jamun was served cold. Very average place. Being an indian, i have eaten better indian food in the city.
While their food is ok, their prices are outrageous.  $28 for average Chicken Tikka Masala was bad enough, but $8 for a side of rice and $8 for a tiny portion of Rasmalai? We passed on the rice, only to be harassed by the waiter who said "how can you eat without rice?" My response was: "how can you charge $8 for a side of rice?"  Shame on them. There are many better (and cheaper) options for Indian food in NYC.
Bukhara Grill catered for my reception at the Woodbury Country Club! Their food was beyond amazing but their service and professionalism is even better. Vicky is an amazing individual and definitely goes above and beyond to make your wedding day special. My guests raved about the delicious food along with the variety. Thank you Bukhara Grill and all the staff for everything!
Maybe the buffet is a good deal for lunch, but there's no dinner buffet. So expect to pay $22+ for each dinner entree, plus add extra for naan and rice. Yes, even plain white rice is extra. Only go here if you can expense it for work.  But nice atmosphere and attentive service. I can tell you the chicken vindaloo claims to be spicy, but is not. Perhaps I got the Americanized version.
Another wandering around find just a few blocks from a lot of hotels.  I put my trust in the waiter and he didn't let me down, recommending the lamb special.Not fancy but fast and very good.  Seating is tight like anywhere in NYC but not "middle seat in coach" tight like some other places in the neighborhood.
This is a good place if you up for Indian and your a bit cash strapped.It's good Indian food with inexpensive prices.I always get the Curry chicken an its well spiced, served hot, and a nice portion. I recommend this place as a good lunch spot for anyone who works in the area.
This place is heavenly. Located in the heart of New York City! We went their from Indiana because my husband had a conference in NJ. We specifically drove for this restaurant and it was totally worth. We ordered naan, dal Bukhara and paneer along with raita and rice. Our appetizer was chaat papdi. Food was phenomenal - very delicious and made to perfection. Our waiter was the most amazing person we met. Great service and food. Ambiance and location is perfect. What made the visit out of the world was waiter recommended paan ice cream. We really want to go back and have it again Bukhara Grill is well worth a visit! It's nice to know the owners are humble and involved with our desi community. PMs, Bollywood actors, diplomats and famous people go to this place. It's costly but perfect!!
Great vegetarian options. Excellent food and unique ambience. Service was perfect too.
Absolutely Delicious! We arrived not long after evening opening and were seated immediately.We had samosas for starters and then a lamb dish, and a couple of chicken dishes. All were amazing and the portions were huge!I have had a lot of Indian food in many different cities, and this was right up there with the best... I guess it must of been their clay oven!The decor was excellent also. I highly recommend a visit - you will not be disappointed!
My coworkers and I came here for lunch and were shocked by the variety of options they had at the buffet.You had your choice of papdi chaat, goat, shrimp, chicken, spinach, paneer, veggies, salad, tofu, naan, etc.  The papdi chaat was really good...what's not to like about yogurt and chickpeas?The grilled tofu thing was alright...it would have been much better as a grilled paneer.Shrimp was pretty good.  One coworker mentioned that some of the chicken in the curry still had bones.While there were some options for vegetarians, I would have loved some paneer tikka, or mutter paneer.  It seemed like meat eaters had some more exciting options.  The lentils however were very good.Since we had more than 6 people they added a 20% tip to the bill which was a bit of a shocker because it was a buffet.  So if you're coming with a big group, get ready to pay about $23 p/p.
Disappointing. Food did not taste good. The aloo tikkis looked and tasted more like pakoras. Veggie selection was not varied nor authentic. Zucchini curry? Service was ho hum and prices were expensive considering everything else.
Never a let down. Been dining at this restaurant for over 10 years. Food is excellent! Definitely a must try because you will go back.
I used to love this restaurant - one of the few places in midtown that offer high quality Indian food.  However, a recent experience made me swear never get food there again.  The lamb dish was simply disgusting - full of bony pieces, and they didn't even give me a fork to cut the meat off the bone (there were more bones than meat).  I couldn't stand the look of it, and the taste was not any better. Had to throw away the whole thing.
We arrived without reservation and got luck by finding a nice table in a busy night. The dinner was delicious, we had an entree with the special sauce from the Chef and was breath taking. It is absolutely recommendable, the portions are big and the service is perfect, even the owner went to the tables to greet the diners.
Took my 5-person team out to the lunch buffet and it did not disappoint! They were extremely accommodating for having no reservation on a busy rainy friday and the service was great even for a buffet meal. The food was really good, and yes, dal makhani was still good!!
Amazing North Indian food especially loved the tandoori lamb, bhindi, garlic naans, and of course the Bukhara daal! Charming ambience, great location, and excellent service!
I've been here twice now... It is in my top 2 Indian spots in NYC along with Tamarind, but they're totally different styles...The food is great...
Great Food! It has a good amount of heat to it. The buffet lunch hour is good too.
They are so great!! I order from here for our anniversary every year and this year there was a mix up on our order. We wanted paneer makhani but got paneer pieces (it was an honest miscommunication but I was so sad). We called them and instead of saying too bad, they redelivered all the way to the UES and switched out the dishes. We always loved the food, but the service was phenomenal. Thank you!
Very over priced and typical Indian food. What are we paying the premium for if it doesn't offer anything unique or out of this world taste. The food was good but we've had better. Doubt we'll be returning.
We usually go to Bukhara grill for office celebration. The lunch buffet is extensive and always delicious. The staff is friendly and very helpful- reasonably volume indian music allows for conversation. Would recommend for groups.
While the food is richly authentic, with sumptuous servings don't expect service or ambiance to match. Priced at a higher end for an Indian restaurant. Very loud, and dated decor. Perfect for takeout!
Absolutely great food! we went in on a Tuesday and then follwed it up again to celebrate Diwali a day later. Yes liked it that much.Having said that, service here is very spotty. They kept goofing up our order. They didn't even get us the wine or cocktail menu. They added items to our bill that we hadnt even ordered for.Recommendations - Adraki Chops, Malai Kabab, Fisk Tikka, Dal BukharaAvoid - RaanThe food is very authentic to its genre but lacks style to stand up to its competitors like Junoon etc.
Came here for the lunch buffet.  Really enjoyed the food.  I can honestly say there was not one thing I tried that I did not like.  Great food selection and a balanced variety of flavors - spicy, sweet, salty, savory....whatever you're into they had it.  I would have liked just a little more heat on some of the spicier dishes, though I suppose most people would appreciate the mild to medium heat level.  Even the naan was incredible, some of the best I've ever had.  It was perfect for dipping in all the leftover sauces on my plate.  My plate was so clean, they probably didn't have to wash it afterward.The bill came to about $17 per person which is not bad at all....it may sound a little pricey for a buffet lunch (and we all just drank water), but that is to be expected when you are having a nice sit down meal in NYC, and for the quality of the food we definitely felt we got more than our money's worth.
Fully recommend this place for people craving for Indian food. Took my parents there and they absolutely loved the food! The food was hot and the spice level was just as requested.They served us with papad and onion salad while we ordered food, even gave us some Papdi Chaat on the house !! The Dal Makhani and Alu dum were awesome. The veg briyani was also worth mentioning. We have spicy palettes and asked for extra green chilies with the food and were provided with. Our server was also very good and we had an interesting chat with him. Overall we left with extra full stomachs!! loved the food!
Finally an Indian restaurant, one of the few across the country that gets the concept of 'Service'Very polite and Attentive staff - gave a complimentary paapdi chaat to start off the dinner..... Great idea- u give some to get some. The food was fantastic - the ginger marinated lamb chop appetizer, although as pricey as it is at $28, does the job. Melts in your mouth, juicy and tender and flavorful and I've never seen such mammoth chops in my lifeThe naan and chicken makkhani was also stellar. I took a star off for the prices which are at least couple knots higher than most Indian restaurants in NYC as well as the rest of the country
- Excellent interior - Pricey but not classy- Average to mediocre food - Tandoori shrimp and quail were OK- Pepper chicken was poorly done with hardly any black pepper and made of poor quality sauce base. - Waiter was too keen to clear the plates and was not respecting our privacy.
Amazing takeout. Highly recommended for takeout and delivery. For $13 you get a huge portion of very well-seasoned and delicious food with a big piece of bread and even (bizarrely) a salad. I am so disappointed to report, though, that it is horrible to eat dinner there. I invited two friends to go with me and I felt so embarrassed I wanted to pay for the whole meal (which, by the way, came to $40/person with no drinks even). The real issue is that the service is terrible. The unfriendly water constantly tried to upsell, frowned every time we declined drinks, and - unbelievably - a $20 entree doesn't even come with naan or rice. Oh and you want rice? That's $7. For rice. Or naan. And then, when we continued chatting briefly after our check came, they basically came over and asked us to leave.
Very good food though thought my butter chicken dish had a tomato'e taste still was very nice and different. Tasty and massive garlic Naan bread and overall portion size more than necessary. Ambience nice and warm for those cold rainy winter days.Is more than a $$ rating in my book should be $$££. Eaten at a sushi place in meatpacking rated at$$$$ and for 2 people was cheaper than eating by myself at bukhara
Horrible ordered for pick up told me 20 minutes had the food ready except for the certain roti I wanted told me they didn't have that kind of roti street I already paid for it and it wasn't even for me I was delivering it all the way to 86th street so I had to wait 30 extra minutes for this roti while all the other food was already prepared and ended up bringing the order very late leading to me not making a to which is what I work off and it wasn't even my fault the employees were also very complacent with me knowing how long I waited horrible service
My wife and I went to Bukhara Grill for lunch this afternoon. We live on the same block and thought it would be nice to find a go-to Indian spot.When we walked in, I really really wanted to like this place. I love Indian food and was really eager to find a place right next to our home.I'd heard my wife rave about Bukhara before and tried it once last month and didn't have a great experience. I refrained from Yelping about it then because I thought I should give it another shot.We arrived there around 1:30 and were promptly seated. The wait staff grunted in our direction and showed no signs of happiness at our arrival. Oh well. We started to fill up our plates with the items from the buffet. Every single item was mediocre - and that's being generous!Meanwhile, the waitstaff walked all around us, never once asking if we needed anything and if everything was OK. On the other hand, the other non-Indian guests were being fawned upon by the waiters, who were literally falling over each other to ask if they needed anything, were comfortable, etc. I'm surprised they didn't offer them massages and babysitting services!We, on the other hand got occasional grunts of acknowledgement when we asked for our naan, and blank stares at all other times. This is absolutely consistent with my previous visit to this restaurant, when my dad and I were almost completely ignored, the "service with a smile" concept was apparently too difficult to grasp, and the food was just "meh".Its almost laughable how poorly we were treated. I don't hold restaurants to some lofty standard of service. All I expect is basic courtesy from the waitstaff and a generally welcoming attitude, both of which are SERIOUSLY lacking here. The food was also not anything to write home about.. below par!Our Thank Yous for refilled water glasses and the check (which we was presented without even asking if we wanted anything else) were returned, quite literally, with a stare and a grunt. The only pleasure we saw on our waiter's face was when we were leaving, when he said Thank You.The utter disregard for Indian clientele and obvious fawning over everyone else is really disappointing for any Indian restaurant, but particularly for a place that prices and markets itself  among the higher end Indian restaurants in the city.I'm very disappointed in this restaurant and despite having moved literally next door to them, I will be taking the train to 28th and Lex when i want Indian food. This place, in my opinion, is NOT worth the $!Bye bye, Bukhara!
Vacationing in NYC always makes food choices an overwhelming decision. However when I'm hungry for Indian food the decision is quite simple...Bukara Grill offers authentic, piping hot dishes at affordable prices. The service is attentive, pleasant and helpful. The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed and the food is deeeeelish!!! I will comeback again and again!
Bukhara Grill offers a decent look at flavorful Indian cuisine, but it tries at too much and doesn't add value in any other area. Among the lamb dishes, half were dry/overcooked. The chicken dishes didn't do much either, with the flavor staying only in the sauces and not so much in the meat itself. To be fair, the flavors in the sauces are delicious with rice or naan, but Bukhara Grill doesn't seem to work the same magic into the meat, which is a deal breaker for me. The service and the ambiance were okay. I understand the sentiment behind the story of how this place got started, with two gentleman from India who used to work in the hotel restaurant business. Nonetheless, the vibe did not translate well, and Bukhara Grill does not deliver on the environment that one could tell was originally intended.
This is by far one of the best North Indian restaurants I have been to in the US.  They have a branch back in Delhi at the Maurya Sheraton hotel.  This one in NY was walking distance from my apartment during my NY days, so I am a frequent visitor.Now to the food - I am a 'Daal Makhani' snob.  Being a North Indian who is a vegetarian, I tend to rate a place depending on how good the Daal is.  The 'Daal Bukhara' is to die for.  I could just eat this and be content.  For appetizers, my favorite is 'Dahi Aloo Papri'.  They dont use tortillas (like most Indian restaurants in the US), so it comes very close to the papri chat back in India.  This is only restaurant in my experience where they serve 'Roomali Roti' and its delicious along with the 'Pudina Paratha'.  From my carnivore friends, I have heard the 'Butter Chicken' is a must have.  For dessert, definitely try the 'Tila Kulfi' (kulfi on a popsicle).  My mouth is watering as I write this review.The service is great along with the ambiance.  The price is a bit steep, but totally worth it for the food quality.  They also server buffet during lunch and I believe its about $17 or so.  This is really as good as it gets!!!!
Tucked away in Midtown East is a place where you will find good Indian eats and a RIDICULOUSLY over-sized, but oh so delicious, garlic naan!  The food was great from beginning to end and the service was good. We were a party of 3 on a Thursday evening and started off our night with a lychee sangria. Though the drink was good, there were no lychees in the drink (sad face). We ordered the following and left with our tummies happy:Appetizers -Dahi Aloo Papri: a cold appetizer served with a mixture of crisps, potatoes, and chickpeas in a tamarind sauce. [Pair this with the complimentary crackers on your table and you will be surprised!] -Lamb Seekh: Skewered tender rolls of ground lamb. [A bit on the spicy side so be careful!]Mains -Barrah Kabab: Boneless lamb marinated in yogurt, ginger, and garlic. [Clay oven deliciousness. Tender & flavorful!] -Chicken Makhani (aka Chicken Tikka Masala): Chicken pieces roasted in a clay oven and tossed in a creamy tomato sauce.  [One of the better tikka maslas I've had!]Sides  -2 orders of Garlic Naan [The MOST HUMONGOUS NAAN I've ever seen and had in my life! This is worth just getting for the experience of it all!]  -1 order of RiceDefinitely give this place a try if you're in the area and looking for some good Indian food!
I'm from India, and this is the best (North) Indian food I've had in America.  Very authentic, great service, a real joy.  Okay it's quite expensive, but once in a while it's a worthwhile treat.
Amazing food. Everything tastes perfect. Samosas are perfect, use the chutneys to add to an already great flavor.  I love green chillies, if you do too as for extras for the fire kick with your food. Breads are a bit overpriced but the sheer abundance of food makes up for it and will be eating left overs tomorrow night. Service is brilliant! Sit outside on a warmer days, it's out back on the second floor.
Look to the right.Where it says "People Who Viewed This Also Viewed.."See the link to Darbar?Go there instead.
This review comes after having eaten at Bukhara for over 4 years, and having tried Indian food not only at innumerable New York places, but also across the US. Still to find an Indian restaurant with such food quality, consistency in quality, extremely courteous and friendly staff and a penchant for timely delivery. I have practically LIVED off Bukhara food for over 4 years away from India.Favorite items: Chicken Malai Kebab (appetizer), Dal Bukhara (I'd pick this this if asked to pick one item from the menu), chicken makhani (butter chicken), balti gosht (goat), pepper chicken, together with jalebi paratha (bread). Badami Kheer (dessert) would remind you of your grandmom's slow cooked kheer (rice pudding) from the old days. The head chef is from the Bukhara chain of restaurants in India's ITC hotels, who is also one of the partners. There is just one Bukhara in the US - and there is clearly one Dal Bukhara :-)For those looking at most value, try their all-you-can-eat buffet. For the on-the-go people, make-your-own-box with your selection from the buffet.I have seen people become fans of this place one after the other. Not surprised at all. Don't miss out on this treat!!
The food is very good, and servings are quite large.  I had a great time watching the cooks through the glass, it was fun watching them make the huge naan bread.
Came here for the lunch buffet, of course.Something about the entire ambience just doesn't click for me. The awning looks gimmicky, almost as if it were for a fast food-type venue or a dive bar. Inside, while the decor is nice, there is nothing that seems to match the theme of the awning - or anything Indian, for that  matter. The brass cups are nice and may be the only related piece. Moreover, the prices are relatively pricey, so again I don't know if the outside is attracting the target clients. One thing is for sure, though - there were mad Indian patrons, with a few interracial couples with the parents... kinda weird.The service was pretty good, and perhaps even overboard. There was almost an equal ratio of waitstaff to patrons, which meant a handful of servers chatting together in one area while another handful actually worked. This was fine as they could make sure everyone was comfortable.As for the food, the options were impressive, for a NYC Indian buffet. Most places offer ~5 entrees. This one had ~10, in addition to sides and dessert. The food all looked great and the quality matched, with the meat being quite tender. Unfortunately, while the flavour was good, it was not as strong as I wanted. I am not commenting on the spiciness (or lack thereof), but on the overall taste. With so many things going for it, I expected a more powerful sensation. Maybe if I knew how to eat with the different sauces my opinion would be different... but I don't. One thing to note: my favorite dish was actually a vegetarian dish. It was paneer; it was spicy, and it was delicious. For dessert they had 2 options: rice pudding and carrot pudding. The carrot pudding was actually quite sweet and tasted like yams. I highly recommend it.The big downside is the value. The buffet is $16.95, which is by itself questionable for lunch. Throw in the $3 small glasses of soda and you are looking at a bit of a stretch. Now when they tell you that refills are not included... that just breaks my heart.(o_O) Ambience(^_^) Service(^_^) Presentation(*_*) Taste - a vegetarian dish was my favorite???(T_T) Bang for buck[3.5 rounded down]Glad I came. I wouldn't go out of my way for this buffet, but if you want more than 5 dishes and are willing to pay, then this is a solid option.
The food was very good and entree portions were large. Good ambience. The veg biryani, chicken tikka masala, bhukara dal and kofta were exceptional. Though the entree portions are big, I only wish the appetizer portions could have a little more  for the price they charge (veg  and lamb sheek  kabab)Definitely worth a visit.
This was my second time at Bukhara Grill - so it's good enough for a return visit. Good was great, I had a beer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic naan, and rice.All was tasty - the naan was a touch charred but they are large enough that I could skip that small area. My biggest complaint would be the pricing - a medium amount of good for $55.For taste, decor and service I give it 4 stars. For value in the location, 3 stars. Still- I stick with the 4 stars because it is NYC and the food was strong enough to overcome the high price.
Probably one of my favorite Indian restaurants at this price range. I came here twice so far. Once for lunch and once for dinner.For lunch I ordered from the buffet which was excellent. They had a nice variety of veg and non-veg options. Chicken Makhani was very good.For dinner we ordered a bunch of items and everything was good. Food wasn't bland at all like some other Indian restaurants in Manhattan.Plenty of seating upstairs.
Great service but expensive with average food and ambience. Basically it's overrated vs their  offering.
One of the best indian food restaurants in NYC.THe food is absolutely delicious....i still can't get the lamb chops soaked in yogurt out of my heat.The ambiance is only ok...it needs a little pick-me-up and creativity.  Service is very attentive.
I order through yelp all the time! Yesterday (dec 12-2014) I ordered 2 meals and they only delivered one. I called in and they apologized and said I could get the meal the next day! Wow today all went wrong again. Very disappointed, they usually have good food but I highly recommend against ordering for carry out.  I sent the messed up order back and requested that they remove the charge.
I'm just not impressed. This is a mediocre Indian restaurant that serves mediocre food at double the prices with crappy service. Where shall I start..Ambiance: I'll give it to them. The ambiance is definitely a step up from your typical Indian restaurant. This place is overall, clean, unlike most Indian restaurants.Food: Chicken Makhani was creamy, but too sweet for my liking. This resembles most to the Chicken Tikka MasalaHandi Lamb Biryani was also, mediocre at best, a moderate amount of spices. This came with the RaitaRoomali Roti was a large portion, your average rotiService: Considering how pricey the dishes are, the service is crap. There are 5-6 servers roaming around the small area upstairs, yet they're all very inefficient. When it came to cleaning a table, all the servers went to clean, leaving the rest of the diners with no server readily available. There were many many times where we had to waive our arms to get their attention. The owner/manager was the only staff member who didnt clean the tables. He seemed to be above the task. This includes, not helping the  customers as the other servers rushed to clean the table. This dining experience was a disappointment.
Most excellent!You know you've done well when a restaurant is full of ethnic locals.  My taste buds are not normally craving Indian food mostly because I have unusually un-spicy taste for an Asian.  I know, while my family and friends enjoy the blistering heat of chili oil or sweating profusely from habanero filled what nots I've always leaned towards the milder aide of life. But tonight for some unusual reason I was hankering for some good Indian food with just a touch of heat.Luckily I found that this place as just around the corner from my hotel so set off with a determined stride.  The place was pretty full of Indian locals and they showed me upstairs for a table. Unfortunately the only table available was a four top. They had me sit and pulled over a cheesy little picnic looking table and motioned me over. No way! They were a bit disgruntled at the fat that I refused to move from the beautiful wood table saying "but it's for four!" Sorry I'm not sitting there. There was much grumbling and dirty looks but I'm not budging.  I was a bit skeptical about both the service and wondered if they would be rude for the rest of the evening.I am happy to report that things turned around in an epic fashion. The food was incredible, spice with just a splash of heat just as I requested. I ordered a lamb dish and parantha.  One of the staff offered to move me onto the terrace (I had asked for it. It was full at the time) but I decided to finish my meal inside. When I was leaving they apologized for not having room on the terrace and asked me to come back and call ahead so they can be sure to book me a table on the terrace.  Good job turning thing around!
I went there yesterday on a Monday evening. I ordered goat biryani and beer. The rice in the biryani tasted of chicken seems that they added some goat cubes to their pre-made rice concoction... And they charged me $28 for that shit. My total bill was $53 for a single person. Go there only if you like to waste money.There are plenty of other Indian food options in midtown. Stay away from Bukhara grill.
I gave  for the following reasons. We were there for family dinner with young kids. Note we ordered medium taste food. For starters mixed fritters (pakoras) and grilled mushrooms were okay. In drinks Lychee mojito was good but serving was too little and filled with most of ice. We don't think it was worth $$ charged. we ordered papads two times and both time one papad was burnt. We ordered paneer and kofta curry can't differentiate taste as the chat masala was too much which wasn't expected in it. Naan ( bread)basket was surprisingly good but with a twist  of different flavor in a whole wheat bread. I didn't expected this one either.I'd recommend caution!!!!There are many other good restaurants. I'll certainly try something else.
Magnificent Indian, although quite overpriced. You have to go all the way to Queens to get a meal as tasty as this
Last night i went for dinner accompanied by my wife and my Kid.I have made an reservation earlier before going for 8:30 PM. I was given a table next to billing counter so i had to listen all the conversation waiters and managers are having next to my table.Waiter who was serving was huge disappointment when i asked for suggestions he said tell me what do you want i will get it and offered no suggestions.We had ordered 3 starters ( crunchy kachori, dahi chat, Manchurian)   Manchurian was served cold. Dahi chat was prepared in excess of salt in it. Kachori was full of oil inside it and cold too. 0 Presentation and very low quality of appetizers at all with the prices offered .Main course i ordered Paneer Dilruba, Dal and Kadai chole and 2 Bread. Chole were just boiled and had no flavors in it. Just eat 1 spoon and i refused to carry with me as well.Overall no presentations of food, very dull place  so with the amount of you money you pay its no worth it all. It was disappointing overall. I won't recommend this place to my friends.Anyone making a good review of this place has either a bland palette, or is ignorant about Indian Food. This place is extremely overpriced for the very tasteless food it serves.
My experience here was very different than expected.  The service was sub-par with the wait staff barely even filling out water cups up. The food was ok. The marinated mushrooms were good, but the entrees all lacked flavor and spice.  Very bland all around.  The paan ice cream is great though. Overall, I would not come back.
I was there tonight with my family for dinner, the food was good but the service horrible. In the middle of our meal the owner of the restaurant comes to our table and asks for a favor - just to move the table a little so on the next table he could accomodate some more customers. He told us that there were small kids crying so i agreed. Instead of pulling the table both the owners pick up our food from the table and put it on another table. They just dumped our plates and food on the other table. Not bothering to clean up the table. And when we get our bill we were charged for something we did not take and when we pointed out that they kept telling us if you tell yes we can take off the charge. Come on men after giving such horrible treatment you guys have the cheek to ask us if we wanted the charges to be waived.Even though the food was good but will never recommend anyone to go there.
I came here with my husband for our 5th anniversary and the food/service was horrible. Looking back at the experience my husband and I laugh at the experience because it was so bad. The servers literally just stood 5 ft from our table and stared at us the entire time, making the dining experience very awkward. Moreover, the food was mediocre but overpriced. We've had Indian food many many times and this place is definitely not worth the 4 stars it currently has.
We made a  booking the day before and still waited for over fourth mins to be seated and  another fourty mins before food was served . People who came in after U.S. Got served before us . Totally ruined our experience .... They realised that we were upset & gave us free dessert & drinks but like I said the night was ruined ... Will not be going back again !
Although the food was fine, the staff came across as so pushy that I'm not going back. From the first moment when the waiter asked for our drink order before we had looked at the listings, to stopping by repeatedly after we'd asked for more time with the menu, to clearing our dishes before we'd finished, it was just too much. And then we saw the same pattern happen to the next table over. My companion remarked "grabbiest service ever." He was spot-on.And rice isn't included with $20 entrees.
Friday evening, we came here with family and friends to celebrate my recent engagement!I've been here many times, either with friends and family or just with the bf. The onion  kulcha pairs well with pretty much the paneer, daal makhani and chole. Raita was really good as well. I was not impressed with the malai kofta this time at all. Actually, I have't been impressed with malai kofta at all since I came back from India in April. The fried okra is also extremely salty, so next time I will definitely stay away from that.The service is precise. Would love to sit outside on the terrace one day. The waiters are normally attentive. Just check your receipt before you leave.
Such good food and service. The lunch buffet was really nice it would have been nice if there were more choices but for the price it was amazing.
I have had the weekday buffet here dozens of times and dinner three times. The reason is that the buffet is a spectacular value, but the dinner entrees are quite expensive - dinner for two can easily exceed $100.The buffet is 16.99 at present. You start with the fixings to make your own chat papri, chick peas, crisps, yogurt, tamarind, asafoetida, etc. Next stop is a tawa with lentil patties and spicy chick peas, and another with grilled tofu and peppers. (I used to think the tofu was paneer -- it has a smoky taste and a cheese-like texture.) There are papadum and a bit of salad, Tandoori chicken pops up next, as is de rigeur for these buffets. Sometimes there is a goan fish or keema curry. There is almost always a chicken in sauce - tikka masala, chili chicken etc. The usual saag and other vegetables, sometimes the dish of dumplings (kadi) in yogurt sauce. The dal has beans as well as lentils. For dessert there is usually a bit of carrot halwa or kheer.The waiters serve warm naan at the table. It's usually a generous amount and you can get a refill. Water comes in copper beakers with stainless steel linings.If you crave a lamb dish, order one a la carte with the buffet lunch - the chops are indeed excellent and the mild korma is also a fine choice.My main complaint -Drinks seem expensive and small. I wish they brought a pot of masala chai instead of just a cup at the price charged.Recommended for the weekday lunch buffet - come with a friend and supplement with a lamb dish and you will have the best of Bukhara Grill for about $60 for two. If you don't need the lamb, this one of the best lunches in midtown for the price.
Avoid the Sunday Buffet.I have ordered from Bukhara in the past during the week, their a la carte menu is good (archari paneer).  But their Sunday buffet is BELOW AVERAGE and way overpriced.  This restaurant is in a very commercial part of NYC where restaurants only get business M-F.  On weekends, they get no foot traffic hence they don't invest much time or effort in their weekend buffets.Try Bhatti or Dhaba on Lex and 20's.
Went here for dinner with my family when they came to NYC and was extremely satisfied...disregard the negative comments as they are from cheap people not willing to spend an extra dime for quality food. I've been to India several times and this place was spot on when it comes to flavors and spice. The atmosphere was great as well. The service was great and the chicken tikka masala was even better! Overall an excellent place if you're looking for Indian food in NYC
Good food but took 53 minutes to serve. Appetizer came  after entire order was served. I would not come back again. Attitude of the staff was unacceptable.
We used to be a fan of this restaurant until we found a nice little New York City cockroach in our dessert.  We asked for the manager and he politely replied "all our food is very fresh" and walked away.  There was no apology/shock/remorse almost as if we pulled a roach out of our pocket and place it in our own dessert.  I fed my baby some of the dessert so I am highly disappointed.  I will not be returning to this restaurant ever
I was born and brought up in India so my review may be a little harsh. Here are my notes after yesterday's visit.1. Food is too creamy, and lacks the flavor.2. I asked for spicy before hand, and it was not spicy at all, instead kind of sweet3. Rumali Roti is just thinned out regular roti.4. And most expensive Indian food I have ever had......no for real.To give them little credit, service was prompt but that may be because we went early and restaurant was empty.Would not advice anyone to go there especially if you are from North India.
Been ordering lunch from Bukhara for years and I am yet to have one bad experience. I have been to the restaurant a couple of times too and yes it's a little on the expensive side but it's not outrageous, though you have to be smart about your order. I would say the lamb dishes are between 3 and 3.5 stars while the chicken dishes are between 4 and 4.5 stars. I love the tandoori chicken here. Its soft, juicy and i can smell the tandoor a mile away (but maybe that has more to do with the fact that it's Indian food and not much else). The haryali tikka is a must-have as an app if you are eating in. The naan and the chicken tikka masala are also very good. So the dishes I mentioned are pretty basic other than the haryali tikka, which I think is specialty in only a few places in north India, but it's amazing how many Indian places can't even get those right.
Been here twice, both with my father who can afford this type of fare more than I can.   ;)   The first time the food was great, the super-sized naan was impressive, and the staff was friendly enough to share their house liqueurs with us as a dessert.  Yum.  The second time was equally pleasing, until I got home.  Uh huh, you know were this is going --- the bathroom!   Saucey!!   (Oh no he didn't!!)  I'll spare the details, let's just say I'm not gonna hold my breath 'til the next meal there.    PS --- none of the Ambience descriptors say "midtown businessmen", and I can't really call these guys upscale nor classy....
Have been here many times. It never disappoints. The lamb chops are the best I've ever had.
First time here on my last visit to NYC. Nicely decorated.We showed up early for lunch but they allowed us to sit at a table. We chose not to sit on the balcony terrace. Too hot with no fan out there.Their lunch buffet was a nicely organized and quite spectacular menagerie of foods.We had the Naan bread waiting for us when we got back to our table.The assortment was generous & fresh! Lot of dark meat pieces of chicken Tandoori, nice touch. Rice always tasty, their curry assortments all impressive.Tofu, spinach and Goat was on deck. The desserts consist of rice pudding and the friend dough soaked in syrup.  Great food.! Service: very attentive. Will return again.
We ordered chicken malai kebab, chicken Hariyali kebab, and Lamb Sheek kebab from the appetizer menu, and Jalebi paratha, and Methi chicken from the dinner menu. These dishes are their specialties; try them and you will go back forever. Ignore the relatively lower rank in Yelp; people order the wrong dish or have wrong expectation of Northwestern Indian cuisine. We had food in the original Bukhara Grill in Delhi, India where you might see US diplomats and get even tastier food, but it doesn't get much better in New York.
Food is average, similar to other Indian restaurant, would say it's a bit over-priced.
I was treated to dinner here by a vegetarian friend last night...and I mean TREATED because the food was fantastic enough to make even Meri Bai, my discriminating desi alter ego, swoon with delight. My first clue to its excellence was when the waiter brought us a complimentary papri chaat along with the ubiquitous pappadoms and chutneys. It was a prime example of the dish and a fine compliment to our aloo bharvan appetizer. (Think desi-fied potato skins loaded with raisins, caramelized onions, and cashews, YUM!) As with appetizers, my friend encouraged me to order whatever I liked, reassuring me she didn't mind if I wanted meat. But when I'm with a vegetarian, especially at a place he/she knows well, I prefer deferring to their experience and dietary observances. (And hey, I can always come back to try the meat later.)When my friend asked me if I missed meat, I could honestly utter a resounding "no". The eggplant was at silky perfection in its well-balanced spiced yogurt sauce. But the dal bukhara turned out ethereal in soulful flavor. The lentils were perfectly tender yet still intact, and nary a starch clump or salty bit was to be found. I found no faults with the rice or roomali roti. They were worthy blank canvases for this  delicious art.I love people who love food and eating. That said, dessert was inevitable---and this is most fortunate! We shared a sinfully rich coconut "sorbet" served in a coconut shell. That was a second ethereal experience.Service was uber-attentive from start to finish. At times I thought our waiter bordered on too friendly, particularly with me. But I can forgive that shadow of a flaw in this gem of a restaurant.
Food was delicious ! A little on the pricy side at first glance of the menu but you quickly understand why once you have your meal. Service was good. Only down side was they seem to be on the cheap side with the heater being on!! We were cold and asked for a solution... They increased heat for a few minutes only to open the terrace door to do I don't know what.... And forget that we are in January. All in all though great experience and would definitely go back
