Good Indian food at affordable price. The lunch buffet is really worth it. Service is very good as well.
Love the PHENOMENAL Nalli Ghosht which is the braised lamb shank (juicy) in the most amazing gravy!Also the Methi Chicken was awesome!
Visited Nirvana while on vacation in NYC. I love this cuisine and know good Indian when I taste it! We had Chicken Tika, Saag Paneer, Shrimp Korma with Garlic Naan and Mango Lassi-- everything was amazing! Great service and ambiance to boot
Here's the scoop on Nirvana in a very quick scope...Cute exterior, interior, and style of the girls who work here. Somewhat of a love child between trendy & traditional. Chicken Tikka Masala had a tangy kick. Lots of sauce, but minimal chicken chunks (and the chicken was quite delicious so this was a bummer). The dish was served with an oddly portion of rice, however.  Thankfully the sauce was flavorful enough I simply finished the dish as if it were soup.  Yes, I'm serious.Cheese Naan was good!  But Naan with Cheddar?  It was sharper than regular Naan, but yummy!  Their Chicken Biryani may be too flavorful? That said, I totally dig the flavor... if only the dish could be made with less of the spice that takes like Sprite and smell like Coke. Does annnyyyyone feel me here?  And hard pieces of Cinnamon Sticks got stuck in my teeth three times. Which was strange. Lastly, Nirvana's Kheer is so refreshing and creamy and heavenly!  But, NOT happy that the first time I bought it, it was a larger container with Almonds and Chewy Bites... the second time I bought it came in a small container and was simply plain Kheer.  This was a total disappointment. So all in all, its quite creative with its ingredients, and again super delicious, but ultimately inconsistent this far. The unique flavor profiles might be a regional thing?  I will say I'd imagine them to make one hell of Hariyali Chicken given their take on the above dishes.I'll for sure to continue to visit... I do love their food, but they need to stop being stingy with their rice!!  Note:  I noticed some of the photos under "Explore the Menu" are inappropriately assigned.  And I forgot to take photos my last two visits.
I LOVE NIRVANA!  I come here for the lunch buffet during the week and it never disappoints!   There is a ton of space upstairs and even a room with skylights which is bright and airy.  The staff is attentive and the price is fair for the quality and amount :)I wish they offered curry chicken on the buffet instead of Tikka Masala - or switched it up :)
Lunch buffet (13.95)Went here with my usual group of 8/9 for a mid-work lunch buffet. Once I got back from the line we got served Naan which was hot though the texture was a bit off. Then again it wasn't greasy. I also got a sweet lassi which was the normal though maybe slightly bit thicker than other general buffets.In terms of the dishes from best to worst:Good:Mushroom Mattar: Solid, good flavors. Mushrooms were a bit harder than other places.Gobi Pakora: Pretty good. The fry was light so the cauliflower was quite tastyGajar Halwa: OK, texture was in-between hard and soft. Not super sweet though.OK:Eggplant: OKGoat Curry: Not much meat but the flavor of the curry was A-OKBad:Chicken Tandoori: A bit bland, needed more of a kickChicken Tikka: Chicken was a bit harder than other places. was OK.Really bad:Fish Curry: The coconut based gravy was OK/pretty good. However, the fish was obviously frozen and reheated which is why it didn't exactly fall apart. The texture was really off and the fish was well fishy.They also had watermelon but Gajar Halwa is Gajar Halwa.I'm kinda surprised at the super high ratings. Then again it's in the Upper 30s instead of the low 30s where the much better/more authentic buffets in Curry Hill are. I think around there it'd be more like a 3/2.5 instead.
I've walked past Nirvana many times but it's entrance doesn't seem welcoming at all with its almost blacked out glass doors. Any way, I was able to have lunch here today. Hostess was really nice. She walked me and my friend upstairs where the $14 buffet was. I love indian food and the idea of being able to down as much curry goat as I can got me super excited. The buffet had many staple indian dishes. Saw some chicken, fish curry and lots of sauces for the food. I have to say, the curry goat was cooked to perfection. They didn't clean out the bone marrows which was great cuz I like sucking the bone marrows out. YUM. The only reason I'm awarding this restaurant with a 4.5 instead of a 5 would be because upstairs is really tiny. I had trouble walking past huge groups of diners and felt like I was interrupting their meal. Also, I have zero bar of cell service and I don't think they provide wi-fi. But all and all, it's a good place to really pig out if you are a fan of Indian cuisine.
My overall experience can be summarized by: A classy place with adequate home indian food.The only reasons to come here is when you have the time and have money to blow. Outside of that, the value per dollar is very strained from the consumer side.One thing to WATCH out for is the seltzer water they have laid out on the table prior to your seating. Without telling you and without knowing, this bottle of water is $8.00 so be warned as it is not complementary.We entered the restaurant at approximately 8:06PM but never received our food until 8:50PM.The feeling that the restaurant goes for is "classy". However, the dims and lighting is a bit too much for an actual enjoyable meal. The lighting is only too much when it affects the presentation of your food greatly.As for the food itself, when effects your tastebuds is the order in which you receive your food. As a complementary dish they gave us bread with spices and sauces. However, we also ordered a crab soup which came right after. Given the spices with the bread, the taste was strong which made the next part of our meal, the soup to be very bland. This was unfortunate, although the crab soup was essentially an egg drop soup with pieces of crab in it.Lastly, there was the entree, I ate the chicken dish which was supposedly "cooked to perfection" unfortunately for them, it was just chicken stew with heavy bones.The place overall really does not seem bad. However, they could do a few fixes here there to make it a overall better experience. I will not be going back anytime soon. (Spent $40.00)
Went here with some business friends and as very pleasantly surprised by the quality. Of food and the professional service that was afforded. Food was pleasently spiced and all the dishes. We're well made Price for the buffet was very fair and it was close To my office. I heard that The regular menu is fine as well.
I've hosted two events at this venue in the evening and couldn't be any happier. Anil and his team, including the hostess and bartender, were so accommodating with my guests for a speed networking event that i hosted. The food is delicious, especially the cheese naan. I can't wait to finally have a sit down meal since I only host happy hour events here. This is definitely my go to place for delicious indian food and a chill vibe!
Who knew Nirvana could be found in Midtown.If this had been my first taste of Indian food, I would have been impressed. Decent portions, flavorful. Can't ever go wrong with some garlic naan.However, I've legit been to India. And Curry Hill. And more importantly, my favorite spots down in East Village. This was good, but it also felt borderline tourist trap-y. Prices a bit inflated, and the atmosphere didn't really match the vibe. I'm not sure if it was because my friend and I were perceived as total newbs, but I would have liked to enjoy their HH, instead of getting shuffled up to the dining section (where one cannot enjoy said HH).Maybe another time? Likely not. I'll have to continue my search for true Nirvana.
FOOD- My mouth was watering the second i entered because of their savory smells of indian food.I ordered malai kofta and laccha paratha. It was delicious. Laccha paratha was awesome . Ambience - Wow ! it was spectacular mood with music, their servers have such great hospitality.Just the overall feeling was splendid.I loved it.
We stopped here for dinner because it had good reviews and was close to where we were staying. The restaurant is a nice place and has seating both upsetter and ground floor level. We tried a couple of appetizers, the Rosemary Malai Chicken and the Lamb Potato Croquettes. The potato croquettes seemed a little blah. Not bad, just...not really yummy. I might chalk up the croquettes to perhaps expecting them to have a bit more flavor. Since it was my first try of those I can't say how they really compare, I just know they were sort of "flat" on flavor. The rosemary chicken was good but just a tad well done as it was borderline dry. Entrees were Madras Chicken and Saag Paneer with plain naan bread and rice rounding out the dinner. Overall the food was good and the service was excellent. I would say that Nirvana is a solid choice for Indian fare if you are in the area, I just don't know if I would go out of my way to visit.
Had a great meal here. Restaurant is quiet, spacious and calm. Good spot for those who are looking for a good restaurant in midtown.
we had a  catered lunch from Nirvana.we had naan , curry  chicken, curry goat, black pepper & coconut  shrimp, cauliflower,samosas (potato & onion and spinach & parmesan), vegetable curry and the basmatic rice .interesting lunch.
Amazing food! I have only ordered delivery from here. Although it usually takes at least an hour, it is well worth the wait. Everything I have had (samosas, dal makhani, chicken tikka masala, paneer makhanwala) is delicious! They even accommodate requests, such as no tomatoes, add cilantro, etc. I can't wait to try more of their entrees and would definitely recommend this spot!Update: There have been two occasions on which my online delivery order was changed to pick-up and there was another time when they printed out my old address and tried delivering there. However, when I call to correct it, they are understanding but I wish this didn't happen as often as it does.
The atmosphere is amazing, with really nice decor and mood lighting. We ate here for dinner on a Friday night after work. It was a very very nice restaurant. We had two chicken curry dishes and the whole wheat layered bread with butter (I forgot the name but that's literally the description lol). It was a nice meal but the food wasn't anything special. Seemed very overprice for the quantities given, there's so much better Indian restaurants in queens. Def try the bread though, it was good.
Great food, service. Ordered a simple daal tadka through seamless. Took just 15 mins. The taste of daal tadka was out of the world. Extra cost but worth the food. I am going to order and try more food here.
Have now ordered from here six times.Overall it is very good, and the heat is high!!! But, there is inconsistency in some of the entrees, specifically some items are sickeningly creamy sometimes, and taste more like some weird foods my Jewish grandmother tried to make me eat. Too bad. UPDATE : Creamy level is down - Authentic level UP.I will continue to order from here, mostly because the heat levels when HOT is requested are hot, almost as hot as India. Back to 4 Stars : Good Job!
I've been here several times and the reasonably-priced lunch buffet never disappoints. The service is phenomenal -- they really want  you to enjoy your experience. A lot of the dishes aren't super spicy but you can always ask for their special house hot chutney (which is actually pretty spicy and tastes delicious -- it doesn't overpower the dishes with acidity unlike a lot of other hot sauces) or chili powder. This is a place you want to go if you want to eat professionally with your boss, client or colleagues at lunch but don't want to spend an arm and a leg doing it. Their dishes could use more variety, but I think concentrating on making a few good dishes very good (rather than putting out a lot of mediocre dishes) is not a bad strategy. I go for the wet dishes and saucy curries; the one thing I think I'm not as into is the tandoori chicken because tbh like many places that have tandoori chicken, it's a little dry. They always have one or two very good dishes but I wish they could improve the other ones.
Yuks!!!! This place is nasty.  We told service man to change water  glass it was not good. The glass it self dirty and drinking water was awful. Some particles are moving around water. Seriously this hotel need training to their service guys. They don't understand what do you say. You need to tell them 2-3 times when you order something. Food was not good. I know because my wife is so picky in terms of food taste. And guys I will tell you if she said that she will never come becoz she does not like food at all means big NO. I will give 0 star.
Perfectly serviceable Indian.  Papadoms, samosas, mango lhassi, biryani and a very respectable chicken tandoor.Nice bar downstairs and surprisingly good service for the price point.
Fantastic food.  Ambience not so fantastic.  Wait staff good but the food was the best.
Decor is fantastic. The food I ordered was lackluster but I was eating veggie that night. Not a big veggie guy. They treated their customers right by giving us free dessert and appetizer. Awesome service. Next time I will get some of their chicken dishes. Use ScoutMob here for 50% off. Totally worth it. Definitely going again.
Nirvana isn't just another Murray Hill AKA Curry Hill Indian restaurant.  The atmosphere is quite nice, the food is delicious and they have great lunch specials.  Definitely a good option in the area.
I was in NYC for business and looking for something Mexican. But it started to rain so I walked into this Indian cuisine restaurant. So I gave it a shot. Boy did I make a great choice. It's nice chic place. You would not tell from the outside. Dim lights some jazz playing in the background. And the food is amazing. I would definitely recommend it!
Came here with the BF on a whim fairly late on a Monday night for dinner. Great ambiance, service was warm and welcoming.  Ordered drinks and naan to start, I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the BF had Lamb Korma.  They were both solid, and came with tons of sauce that I could have taken another order of naan to dunk in.  That said, I would have preferred more rice to eat with my meal.  Either way, we both left the restaurant with full bellies and skipped dessert.  On the whole, I'd say it's a good place to keep in mind when in this bit of town and you don't want to go to a bar or a diner.
*Rice does not come with your entree!*Regular Pea Rice is $4.*Must Try: Chicken Tikka Masala. Tender, moist, and the perfect tomato sauce.*you will not be disappointed!
I happened to walk by this place with a friend after our spa appointment across the street. I was a little confused walking in because there were no tables - just a bar. They had us wait a moment because they were cleaning up. Once they were ready they led us upstairs to a hall that was elegantly setup. My friend and I ended up ordering starter soups and shared the main dish. I started with the crab and corn soup. The soup isn't too seasoned, but still pretty good. I was surprised at the large pieces of crab within the soup. I recommend this dish to any seafood lovers. My friend ordered the Chicken Palak Soup. She seemed pleased. We also ordered a side of garlic naan bread which was soft and not overly garlicky. For our main dish we had the Chicken Tikka which comes with Peas Pulao rice. The dish was AMAZING! So flavorful and the portions are large enough to share. If you're really hungry though, it wouldn't hurt to buy your own meal and doggy bag whatever you don't finish. I definitely recommend this place.
Great Indian food.  Pleasant atmosphere.I have tried 7 or so dishes from here on three different occasions. Each one delicious and pleasing.  The staff has been extremely helpful and courteous. As other reviewers have mentioned the food here is a bit pricey but overall pleasing.I really enjoyed both of the Lamb dishes that I tried.
The food here puts all Indian food in San Francisco to SHAME. I wish we had good Indian food *sobs*I started off with a mango moksha cocktail.. SOOO GOOD. It's like this, if a mango lassi & a mint mojito were to do the nasty and make a baby, the mango moksha would be it. So so so so so good, I had to have 2. It made me all warm and tingly inside ;]So let's get on to the food. The presentation is so so but I don't care, i'm all about the quality and taste here. Nirvana does not disappoint.Had some lamb vindaloo (i like mine with potatoes, and they threw some in for me!!!), hara scallops, chicken tika masala, garlic naan and umm... a shrimp dish that I cannot remember the name of because.. I'm allergic to shrimp. Anywho, the vindaloo had a very subtle slow kick to it. The spiciness creeped up on me later on. The garlic naan was soooo soft, warm, and evenly distributed with garlic. I hate it when there's a ton of garlic on one side and barely any on the rest. Everything was good, even the chicken tika masala. That's a big praise coming from me considering how I don't like chicken tika masala. hahahaha.Zarina?? Bartender? She's a sweetheart too. Love this place.
This was some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time. Everyone was very polite, and the ambience is very nice. The Saffron Bellini cocktail basically tasted like white wine and I didn't pick up on the saffron, but oh well, it was still wine. I'm glad my boyfriend works nearby, as I hope to come back here.
I will preface this review by saying I'm Indian , and hold a high standard when it comes to Indian food . Having said that , any Indian place that charges close to $20 an entree better stand up to the pedigree of restaurants that fall into that category . We're talking about the bukharas , the ammas, the tamarinds so on and so forth . This place doesn't come close to measuring up . The masalas are too understated in their curries . The flavors are lacking and the portions are meager . Given that this place is within the vicinity of other good Indian restaurants , I'd say give this place a giant skip and head on down to curry hill where the real Indian food is at .
The food was really good and is a cut above most other Indian food places I have tried.  The naan was fresh and warm and we had chicken tiki Marsala and paneer in tomato cream sauce.  The mango cocktail was also a nice mix of strong and flavorful.  I would certainly come back again.
I would give this place 4 stars because the good was great and servers were attentive, however the host was very rude, pretentious and not accommodating at all. First I called ahead to make a reservation for two and explained to the host that it's my wife's birthday and I wanted it to be special. I asked for a table by the window and he scoffed at me saying I doubt it will be available. Then I arrived he told me wife our table wasn't ready and there was no way to seat us where I wanted. Then he rolled his eyes when I asked to wait for the table we reserved. Mind you we were not late and arrived there on time. Not a great way to start out my wife's birthday dinner. He sat us and there were several tables open and one by the window that wasn't filled the entire time we dined there. Other than that the food was great and the waiters/bussers were on point.
I have been here twice over the past couple of months, the food is consistently good, it is a bit pricy but the quality is worth it. Also the staff are nice and attentive, and the atmosphere is pleasant.
Went here for lunch with a group of coworkers a couple weeks ago. A little pricey for a lunch buffet, but the food was great. I would have preferred more vegetarian options, but there was still plenty to eat.
Loved happy hr. Free food so cant go wrg there. The food was expensive in the restaurant and not bad. I would go back to the bar but probably not the restaurant.
Great service and good food. Upstairs atmosphere is nice and quiet. Went late on a Saturday night and pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves. I had the lamb korma and my fiancé had a spicy chicken curry that I cannot remember the name of. Both dishes were good, the garlic naan was tasty as well. We shared the paneer tikka appetizer and while good it was not worth the price in my opinion. Overall I'd come back in a heartbeat truth be told.
Sanitation grade: AThis restaurant gets five stars in my book, but it might get four stars in yours. Here's why:My husband and I went to the restaurant tonight. We had read some good reviews about the restaurant a few months ago and had it on our to-visit list since then. We didn't have reservations but were seated immediately. You enter the restaurant on the lower floor, where there is a bar. We were seated on the second floor.We ordered saag paneer and a lamb, cashew, and almond dish. Both were excellent. I'd say that this is the best saag paneer we've had, and it is our go-to dish when we are having Indian cuisine. We also had a very nice veg samosa. We both agreed that the quality of the meal was superb. The reason why some might not love this place as much as we did is the over-attentiveness of the staff. The host made a bit of small talk and before seating us tried to convince us that we would like the food so much, we'd soon be ordering it from Nirvana on a regular basis. We received two small "on the house" treats--a very salty but nice lentil appetizer and a homemade pistachio ice cream at the end of the meal. We had countless water refills and a variety of staff coming by our table to check in. We didn't particularly mind this and we enjoyed sampling the chef's new creations, but I could see, in a different situation, this being disruptive to a quiet, private meal. But, if you like attentiveness and delicious Indian food, then try this restaurant.The ambiance was very nice. We left by 8 and our floor was starting to fill up but wasn't too full. The restaurant is spacey and we had a very cozy corner table. When we left through the lower level, a live singer was entertaining those at the bar--and she wasn't singing so loud that you wouldn't be able to talk to your party. This would be a great place to meet up for drinks and an appetizer after work or before a show. Enjoy!
The food was absolutely fantastic.  The restaurant space was nice and the service was near excellent.
I'm not one to take stars off for service unless it really bugs me, and unfortunately it did. The food was pretty decent, the vegetable korma and naan we ordered were standard and hit the spot. What really annoyed me though was the smug attitude: I had a Scoutmob voucher for 50% off and when I asked to use it at the end of the meal I was told I couldn't combine it with another offer i.e. my OpenTable reservation!! This made no sense and I've never had this issue with other Scoutmob deals. Cheap attitude that left a bad taste.. why even offer the deal in the first place if you're not going to honour it? Will not be coming back.
Well I got food poisoning after eating here. Apart from that the service staff is inexperienced. Food taste is ok, not good. And you have to spend way more Money on prescriptions than the restaurant itself.
Pros:-Amazing food!  (even at 10:30 pm)-I loved the Butter chicken, the Paneer (I am not sure on the name, but it was in a similar sauce as the butter chicken.)-The Lamb shank was delicious..There was also a beef qorma style entree, also very good!!-Amazing food!-The servers were also very nice and sincere, and the atmosphere was perfect as well.-I liked the walls, the table settings, everything.Cons:-The hostess was a bit rude when we entered, she was in her own world. One of our friends, who was unfamiliar with Indian cuisine quietly commented that it smelled funny, at which the hostess commented and asked us if we were sure we wanted to stay..and she asked twice.-I wish the downstairs was a bit more lighted so that it didn't look like it was closed.-They do not offer refills on fountain drinks, and don't mention it anywhere either.Will definitely go back!
We walked in and the vibe was not very friendly. The server was not engaging at all. The food was at best average. A place like NYC which has excellent restaurants  at reasonable prices , this is not at all a good place to visit/ eat.
I was really disappointed with this place.  After seeing some good reviews and having been here a long time ago and liking it, I went back recently.  Aside from the Tandoori chicken, which is good, the food was overcooked and dry.  I didn't particularly like anything on the buffet aside from the Tandoori, and I really like Indian food and enjoy many types of dishes.  Additionally, the service was not good at all.  They were never around and getting any drinks from them took forever.  There are lots of good Indian restaurants in NYC.  I am not going to bother with this one anymore.
Very nice place. Cozy atmosfire in the resturant up stairs. Very peacefull and tranquil and tastey.
The atmosphere is nice and the service was attentive. They were pushing starters but they don't have a lot of choices. The waiter balked when we wanted to start w a small vegetarian entree instead. The veggie dumplings and goat curry were great but the rabbit (a house special) was bland, undercooked, a challenge to eat around the bones. Wine list was limited and the waiter didn't have a clue about pairing recommendations - just went for something expensive. If you stick w the standard fare - tandoori, curries etc. it will be fine.
Thanks to my fellow yelpers for the popular suggestions. They were all right. Very well done indian food and great atmosphere! Very clean place and modern but I know my rice. Their rice wasn't washed so it smelled like the bag it came in. Just a heads up if you're picky about that. Also no refills on the naan nor rice so use it sparringly heh. Other than that, pleased!
This review is purely for their lunch time buffet, I probably wouldn't come here for dinner as it just seems wrong to have to pay so much for Indian food.  However the $12.95 lunch buffet, while pricier than others is well justified.Unlike most other Indian restaurants this place is definitely a better kept and well decorated establishment.  Probably paid for by all those dinner entree prices (ok that was a low blow.)Given the reviews this place was getting before, it sounds like Nirvana may have read up on all the complaints and improved.We were seated promptly and I was definitely surprised to see the number of wait staff as I'm used to most lunch buffet places being sparsely manned.There was a solid selection of all the typical dishes and the nice thing was they all tasted fresh.  I didn't encounter a single dish that tasted like it was sitting on a heater for days.The naan was served to us once we got back to the table and each time they came back with more it was always piping hot with steam fresh from the kitchen.I was especially surprised by the fact that when I finished my plate of food or water, it took no longer than 30 seconds before one of the workers swung by to take care of it.I'm not sure if this is part of trying to get a high turnaround to maximize their lunch time crowd, but even it is it's done right and you never feel rushed out by the staff.If you're within the area during lunch hours and have the time to stuff yourself full of delicious Indian, I'd highly recommend swinging by.
Got the lunch takeout box. It was a lot of food and was tasty. a great option for something quick and to go.
Frustrated with my experience here. I chose it for my bf's birthday dinner. The food was very good but there were so many other things that were sub par.The menu is incredibly overpriced to start with. They charge $4 for naan. That is just ridiculous - it's bread.  Our waiters (there were at least three and none of them seemed to be in charge) were pretty neglectful of the table. I had to ask for tap water for the table four times before we got it. They seemed unable to answer most of our questions about the food as well. There were so many communication problems. The birthday boy himself asked for "just a small" amount of spice to be added to his dish and it came out way overly spicy.There is no shortage of great Indian food in NYC and most of it is much more reasonably priced and more delicious than Nirvana. I can't imagine why I'd ever go back.
I've been to the buffet a number of times. I can say the food on occasion is bland, undercooked and rushed. I think this place gets so busy at lunch they can't keep up. If they want to keep up a lunch buffet in Midtown they need to re-evaluate their lunchtime flow.
Everything was surprising excellent:1)food selection/quality of cooking & presentation2)service3)ambiance4)valueAt lunch there is a buffet available with great selections.The dining is on theupper floor where there is excellent lighting and tables are arranged in aspacious manner.
I get a Indian food craving usually once a week and needed my fix while on business in town. I decided to do a walk-in to-go order at nirvana since it gets high ratings and it was just around the corner. I ordered the vegetable lunch box and a side of vegetable samosas. For $7.95 the lunch special is fantastic deal. True you don't know what 2 curry dishes you are going to get so if you are picky this might be an issue with you. I'm game to try any dish (as long as it doesn't have meat in it) and a bonus if it doesn't have lots of creamy sauces. I got a cabbage and potato yellow curry and a pea and mushroom red curry both were very tasty. The lunch box also comes with a huge portion of rice and a good serving of naan. The side order of samosas were also very good. You really can't beat the price. I told a coworker that if I was a struggling New Yorker I would go get the lunch deal and take half home for dinner. Thanks fellow yelpers for helping me get my fix for the week.
We came here last Friday night, a little late around 9 with no reservations. We were seated immediately as this place was pretty empty. This establishment has a lot of potential, I just think it was mismanaged from the beginning. It's 3 floors, when you walk in there's a full bar, with a couple of tables, this was pretty empty, upstairs is the dining area, and I suggest if you have to use the little boy' or girls' rooms, do it when you get there b/c the lavatories are on the 3rd floor, also known as the basement level. Uhh and they were not very clean or appealing at all.The decor is blah, I think they were going for something elaborate and then they just kind of gave up. It was really dark, with this distasteful red lighting. The prices did not match the quality of the food. To start we split the vegetable samosa. These things are fairly big. They were crunchy, I thought it could've used a little more salt and spice.For dinner we had the paneer makhanwala and malai kofta. The paneer was pretty good, cooked well and the tomato sauce was really tasty although a little sweet. The malai kofta was probably the worst I've ever had in nyc. This dish is usually a hit or a miss, and I'm telling you they missed this by a LONG shot. There was some kind of combination with carrots, peas and it was not cooked well. It felt like one of those Indian frozen food entrees you warm up in your microwave. The onion kulcha was actually really good with the makhani sauce. I had some kind of a mango cocktail and it was extremely sweet and I didn't finish it.We barely touched the malai kofta and we told our waiter. He did nothing to get a manager for us or take it off our bill. We figured it would be in the "to go" container and someone would get hungry and eat it the next day. NOPE. We paid $16 for it and nothingggg.Overall, I would opt to try other places before coming back here. I am sure the lunch buffet is a little bit better. I read some of the reviews on here and figured I'd try it out.
The 'chicken 65' was good , but only for people in the 'spicy' league . However I was disappointed with 'goat curry'.Nice ambience. Must try
This place was great. I definitely recommend ordering the Veggie Samosa and the Garlic Naan. My friends and I ate family style and we had vegetarians in the group. I am not a vegetarian, but their Veggie dishes are surprisingly really filling and flavorful. If you're ordering a veggie dish, the Chilli Milli Subzi is very good!
Great food! Mango Lasi was amazing! Delivery was slow but the super extreme garlic nann made up for it!
The bottom line: the best Indian food I have ever hadThe pros: the food and service were excellent. We had a paneer dish with tomato cream sauce, mushroom sauce and several stuffed breads. All were great (the onion bread was our favorite). But the lemon rice was definitely the best thing on the table. We wished we had also taken the tomato rice to try it out. I did not have the samosa but others around the table said it was the best they've had.The cons: the first floor is a bar that looks shady and uninviting. We almost passed on the restaurant despite seeing it on Yelp.
Amazing. The chef really knows how to work magic with the spice rack. Everything was delicious. I tried everything my family ordered and nothing was bad. Even the items I typically don't like I was able to appreciate here. Oh, and the naan is cooked perfectly.
One of the best meals I had on a weeklong Manhattan trip. The food was amazing. Ate here solo, on a busy night. Service was the best I have had in the city, including swanky bars and restaurants. Server suggested a great meal for solo diners. I was able to sample many different items. I can't say enough about this experience. Top notch.
Ate there based on Yelp recommendations. I can't say that the meal was anything special. The service was really good and the food was flavorful, as all Indian food tends to be.  Ambiance and presentation are also quite nice. However, despite asking for "hot," I got mild to medium at best. When I asked the manager why, he simply stated that I didn't look like I knew what I was ordering when I said "hot." I think I know what he was intimating, but I'll spare the rest of you Yelpers.Whatever....
I work nearby, and I ordered pickup from Nirvana for lunch.  I ordered the lamb curry lunch box, which seemed like a good deal at $8.95, including naan, rice, and a vegetable.Well -- I placed my order through their website (nirvanany.com).  The website told me I would get a confirmation email -- well, I never did.  After a few minutes, I called the restaurant, and asked the girl if I could confirm over the phone (presumably my card had already been charged), and she really didn't seem to have any clue how to handle the situation.  She kept telling me the fax wasn't working (I hadn't ordered by fax -- and who faxes lunch orders still in 2013?).  She asked to call me back and asked for my number (but not my name -- presumably, she would need my name in order to check on my order, right?) before accidentally hanging up on me.  Then, I called back and she placed me on hold while she got her boss on the phone.  He was able to find my order and told me it would be ready in about 5 minutes.  Long story short, it actually took about 10 minutes (not a big deal), and they were very apologetic... but then the girl mentioned the fax not working again... ???Anyway, the food -- so, it tasted fine HOWEVER, the lamb, which was in basically a thick soup of curry sauce, was served still on the bone.  So each individual piece of lamb was about half-bone.  While I was attempting to eat this at my desk back at my office, despite multiple attempts, I couldn't figure out a way of separating the meat from the bone without running the risk of splashing curry sauce everywhere.  So, I ended up only eating about half of the lamb, and then filling myself up with rice and naan (the naan was quite good).So -- bad service, food that's impossible to eat -- I won't be ordering there again, unless they figure out their customer service and stop serving the lamb on the bone.  (Just as a reference, I've ordered about about 3 other Indian takeout places in the area and none of them serve lamb curry on the bone.)
There can never be too many Indian restaurants, I went on a Friday night with a fairly large party and was immediately seated upstairs. The decor was nice and the restaurant was busy, one problem that is hard to over look is when you are under staffed. This leads to a lot of problems, the amount of time to put our in was long, half of our orders were not even written down, and the time it took to get out was delayed as well. I ordered the mahi mahi tandoori, which was like getting mugged in Murray Hill. $22 for 4 small pieces of fish when an order of rice is an additional cost is not acceptable. Even with all these issues the Restaurant tried to make amends with complementary appetizers & dessert. Yet to my vantage point it seemed like a cop out for their lack of staff and service. Indian food is hard to turn away but a place like Nirvana is easily replaceable.
Very attentive service. Nice design. Lots of good food. Classic Indian. If you are looking for a nice dinner without paying a lot, this is the place!
I could just as easily have rated this restaurant its 5 stars, but have only eaten there once. The experience was excellent. I came in with my wife and newborn baby and they took care of us every step of the way. For the first time, i had an appetizer that reminded me of one of my favorite Iraqi dishes that I grew up with. I would strongly recommend the potato and lamb croquettes. We also had the chicken tikka masala which was excellent, though I have had it at other places where the chicken was more tender. It was still excellent. We managed to have an appetizer and an entree for about 20 bucks each, which wasn't bad for the quality of the food and the service. I will definitely be going back there.
We didn't try the food, but  the bar is so so. Typical disinterested bartender. $8 a beer. Not worth it. Plenty of other places around.
Excellent food in a great location. The atmosphere is here is amazing, dimly spot-lit with ambient music making it feel warm and intimate. It only looses one star due to inattentive service.
The malai was worth it. Also totally gracious hosts. A must!  The vindaloo almost killed me, but the host brought over raita and I was right as rain ;-)
Nirvana is a very beautiful restaurant.. when you walk in, it seems like a very small place because the lounge is downstairs, and there are only seats for two - very intimate set-up. Red seats, candles, dim lighting, etc. Then the host leads you upstairs to the second floor if you are having a full sit-down meal. There is a single yellow rose as a centerpiece at each table, and towards the back is a full-length window to overlook the street below. We ordered the rabbit stew (One of their special dishes) and the sauce was very good, but the rabbit was full of bones. I've had rabbit before, but I thought it was a bit too bony for my liking.. Probably would not order that one again but the flavor was very delicious. The naan was good, but when is naan ever bad? ;DThe waiter did a good job refilling water and bringing over a pitcher for us. They did not rush us to order, which was nice because 2 members of our party showed up a bit later than scheduled. Overall, romantic little place. Great for a date or a catchup with friends.. very comfortable setting and easy to talk in.Only thing is that the restrooms are only in the basement so you'd have to go down two flights of stairs (from the 2nd floor main dining area) to get to the restroom. Ladies' room has 2 stalls in L-shape form, pretty small but not uncomfortably small, if you are interested in that.
I went in here with a friend on a whim because Shalom Bombay was closed for a holiday. We were pleasantly surprised.Atmosphere was nice without being stuffy. Waiter was very quick, knowledgable and gave us some great suggestions. We ordered a lamb and chicken dish with a side of lemon rice and garlic naan. Everything was very good and we left happy.Only complaint is that it is slightly expensive ($20 a slightly small entree, extra for rice). Not a huge deal considering it is in midtown, but takes away a star for sure.
If you or someone you know has had an unfortunate experience with Indian food, and has "sworn" indisputably that they will never touch it again, EVEN if spoon-fed by a scantily-clad Aishwarya Rai, Nirvana has been tried and tested to wipe the proverbial slate clean.Preface:  I love Indian food.  I haven't always, but I do now and that's all that matters.  But not everyone has the good sense to stake out well-prepared Indian food, or gets the chance to have it homemade - thus creating an obligation for those of us who have dabbled in its greatness to provide a stellar experience for the non-believers.  Thankfully, Nirvana stepped in and gave my "but Indian food is actually really good!!!!!!!" argument a nice forward shove.  Especially thankful is me who was dealing with a male whose emotional IQ could easily rival a 4 year old's. ("but it's disgustinggggggggg!!!!" he cries in futility) Specs:  The garlic naan is super oily and garlicky, and a necessity to start.  The Methi chicken (mine) and Tandoori chicken (his) were both cooked wonderfully and my only complaint about either was that I couldn't eat it forever, because forever is an infinite, and my stomach is not.  But if I could, I would.  And the Chicken 65 well, he kept calling it Chicken 69.  (That means he likes it)One star off for the Bodhi Mojitos we ordered before the meal.  Because there was hardly any alcohol in either of our drinks, we couldn't rationalize ordering more at $10 a pop - and I had to get him drunk at the "Other Room".  Eh, could be worse. :)
I can't say I am the biggest fan of Indian food. Sure in the past I have had some in manhattan especially lower east side spots that are cheap that give tons of food and help me save a little money on a date, lol.  This place is Nirvana, this is top of the line Indian dining. I was here about this time last year for a friend's graduation from Grad school type event.  Food was excellent.  Atmosphere was very nice and very sleek and sexy.  Chicken Tandoori and I got along really well, Naan bread too was my friend.  The curry was really good too, vegetable dishes and all.  I actually remember passing the original location on West 57th or so something like that. In the giant high rise of a building but that was close to 8 or 10 years ago maybe.The prices seemed kinda ok, they were very good for me, cause I didn't pay though. Just enjoyed the food at the celebration. I would come back.
While I thought that the food here was okay, I don't think the place lives up to all of the four star reviews that it received in the past.  I feel that if you're going to get Indian food in Murray Hill, you have to choose wisely because there are so many restaurants that are so goo.  I chose this place because of their yelp reviews and reader comments.  We started with the samosas which were good, but not great.  The filling was somewhat dry and flavorless, and the outside of the samosa was your typical fry batter.  For dinner I had the paneer in tomato sauce.  The paneer had an odd tough consistency and the sauce tasted more like spaghetti sauce than anything that would come from India.  My girlfriend had the lotus root in a creamy sauce that I wasn't too impressed with either.  Finally, our naan seemed to be a bit overcooked.Not sure if I went on an off night or if they're food really is mediocre.  I don't think I would go back since there's so many other options in the neighborhood.
I've been to Nirvana three times in the past 2 years and really enjoy it.  I've never encountered the rude hostess that everyone refers to in their reviews, but (to be honest) I have never really had an interaction with the hostess beyond her showing us our table.  She's always been friendly, although it may not always have been the same person, so perhaps they've found a new hostess or have more than one?Every time I've gone there I've come with a different sized group - initially we were a group of 8, then I went there on a date with just my boyfriend, and most recently I went back with a group of 4.  Each time our food and drinks have come out quickly, were hot, and - most importantly - delicious.  Maybe they should give a few more pieces of naan with each order, given that they're $4 a basket, but that's my only complaint with regards to the food.  I've never had a dish that I didn't like.  The Chicken Caldeen was out of this world when my boyfriend ordered it.  Definitely worth a try since it's not something you see on every Indian menu.I wish the restaurant tried harder to seat some people downstairs by the bar, because it always seems depressing or like the place is empty when you walk in, but then you walk upstairs and find that there are always a number of other patrons and it's much livelier up there.  The initial impression and stingy (but yummy!) naan are the only reason I've deducted a star - I'll definitely keep coming back to Nirvana.
AMAZING INDIAN FOOD!!!!!!As soon as I set foot in NYC I was determined to get some delicious Indian food, the way only New York Indians make it!! With so many choices, I searched Yelp for reviews and they were so-so but I decided to take a chance and try Nirvana; mind you I was also bringing my husband to try Indian food for the first time, and he's sensitive to spice, so it was a lot of pressure! We were seated upstairs, romantically decorated by heavy drapery, candlelight and soft music, preceding the deliciousness of what were about to be served. For appetizers we ordered the Vegetable Samosa (2 units, very large), Bindhi Raita (Okra and whipped yogurt dip) which is great with the Garlic Nan and the Lamb Potato croquettes. For dinner we had Rosemary Malai Chicken, Lamb Korma (creamy cashew almond sauce blended in aromatic spices) and Basmati rice (for an extra $4). We are true believers in ordering a restaurant's desert to complete the experience so we shared the Pineapple gelato served on a chilled half pineapple, which was the perfect ending to a savory, spicy but not overwhelmingly so, succulent, and delicious dinner.  The entire meal cost about $100 and was absolutely mouth watering, which, I am getting now as I sit in Miami with NO good indian food around...sigh.
My friend and I came here for dinner last night. We had drinks at the bar first (happy hour special 4-7pm - great happy hour cabernet!) and then sat down for dinner. We ordered the chicken vindaloo (not on dinner menu but they will make it) and saag paneer. We ordered both dishes spicy and they made them spicy for us which was great. (My pet peeve is when Indian restaurants see that you're not Indian and assume you can't handle the heat so they serve you mild instead of spicy. Very happy that this place doesn't do that!!) We also got the garlic naan and cucumber raita. All of the dishes we ordered were excellent and had great flavor. The servers were also very friendly and attentive which was a plus. I'll definitely come back here for dinner!The only reason I'm giving this restaurant 4/5 instead of 5/5 is I think it is a tad on the expensive side for what you get. All in all, still a great place for dinner.
Remarkable Indian food.  Had the okra with rice and a bowl of lentils.  Amazing!  definitely will be having lunch there again.  They also deliver.
The lamb shank (not something I would typically order) was absolutely delicious!  The naan and samosas were also very good. Needless to say, there were delicious leftovers too.
Was craving some delicious Indian Cuisine and well being in Murray Hill, this shouldn't be a problem right? Well there are so many restaurants, where to start? So my husband and I have just consumed a few cocktails at PDT on St. Mark's Place (see other review), and I'm a bit tipsy (yes I'm a light weight after two cocktails and waffle fries). So now I NEED FOOD.I look at the Yelp reviews (my personal bible to epicurean enlightenment) and I see NIRVANA....and it's got lots of twinkling stars....oh wait, I'm drunk there just stars next to name. But the reviews are positive and it's called Nirvana....So if you've already pre-lubed, why not head to NIRVANA and eat some fine Indian Cuisine. We arrived on a Wednesday night around 8:15 with no reservation and were seated upstairs immediately. The service was quick and efficient. We ordered Samosas to start and then ordered a Green sauce Tikka Masala, (Chicken Caldeen) rice and Jeera Aloo (potatoes in a spicy sauce) oh and garlic naan. All delicious and we had to take some home to my cousin, so much food! One note our waiter was great (young man, but they brought us a "on the house app" and I didn't realize that or what they were. So when I different waiter (an older gentleman) came by I asked if those were they're samosas. Now I know what Samosas usually look like, but this being a more upscale restaurant I thought maybe these were they're take on samosas? They were very tasty, but then they brought out the Samosas, I just wanted to know what those tasty little morsels were, and I tried to explain this to the second man he got all veklempt. And he thought I was complaining and called over our waiter, I explained to him, I loved them I just thought maybe those were the Samosas until you brought the Samosas so what were those apps? But the other guy walked away in a huff. I'm sure it was just a language/communication problem but I felt bad. I apologized again to our waiter who said not to worry it was all good. But this was the only unfortunate part of our dining experience.Beside that little incident our meal was really flavorful and brought my head back to pre drunken stage. And of course a little chai tea finished the meal off nicely too.Oh and when we left downstairs there was a guy playing guitar near the bar, so it be a nice low key place to meet someone and hang out. Very sophisticated and classy.
I get the take away lunch special here once a fortnight and it's great value, however they don't have a hotter curry as an option, when I asked if they could spice it up a little for me, first they looked bemused then they asked someone from the kitchen to come out, I said "can you make it a little hotter like a Madras" he gave me a blank look like the waitress,  then the light bulb went off for him, he came back with a hand full of whole fresh chillies in a bag, "use these" he said....I have been back many time since, but don't ask for a hotter curry, just keep some chilli powder in your office.
I was recently in need of a prime dinner spot within close proximity to Grand Central.  My friend loves Indian food, and since I knew that it would be an earlier night out, I figured that the not-always-digestion-friendly cuisine would be a perfect option.  I did some research and came across the positively reviewed, Nirvana.  I went to the website and was impressed by the hip decor and lounge-style atmosphere.  I knew this would be a fun destination.I arrived at the restaurant and entered the ground level bar area.  The lengthy counter was fully stocked with assorted alcohols, but no patrons.  The couches in the lounge behind the bar were also vacant.  I found this odd on a pleasant Thursday night.  The hostess offered to take escort me to the upstairs dining room, but I just grabbed a bar stool and awaited my friend's arrival.  We were soon on our way up to the gorgeous dining room.  The atmosphere was extremely classy, but the red tapestries and simple tea candles added a subdued intimacy factor.  We both oohh'ed and aahh'ed as we surveyed the mature, elegant room that was so different than the young, trendy vibe below.  We took out seats and reviewed the beverage menu, which offered several specialty cocktails, wines, and beers.  We each settled on vodka mixed drinks, which were fully packed with alcohol.  We struggled with our menu decisions, but finally placed our order.  We then munched away on perfectly seasoned lentil crisps, which were served with a sweet barbecue-ish sauce, pickled onions, and an earthly cilantro spread.  We enjoyed the ambiance and friendly service, while we awaited our meals.We were soon delighted by our buttery Naan, which was stuffed with a savory ground lamb patty.  My Tandoori Chicken was expertly marinaded, but would have benefited from some additional seasoning and moistness.  My friend's Lamb Korma contained the usual tender chunks of meat, but I found its nutty sauce creamier and thicker than others.  This bowl also needed more seasoning to balance out the milkiness.  A side platter of rice and peas was a blessing that helped cool down our palates between glasses of water. Our cocktails made us brave as we attempted to find the room to share a dessert.  However, when we tried to order the Chocolate Cake, we were sadly told they were out of this standard, non-ethnic treat.  We pouted and declined any other option.  We paid our reasonable bill and discussed our satisfactory meal.  Nirvana provides slightly above average food in a stylish atmosphere and at affordable prices.  It is definitely a great dinner choice in the area.  However, if you are dead-set on Indian food, you might find more authentic options about 10 blocks away in the curry mecca around 29th and Lexington.
I was just venturing a little further out from work when I discovered this place - "Indian Buffet, 12.99!" I know I shouldn't be eating a coma-inducing Indian buffet in the middle of a work week, but ehh why not?As soon as I went inside, my first impression was that this place was spacious and clean. The woman led me upstairs to the buffet section and again - spacious and clean. It felt like it would be pricey, but then I reminded myself, only $12.99. Very standard pricing for an Indian lunch buffet anywhere, and especially New York.The dishes were laid out by the window, so everything was bright and lit very well. The food again looked very clean and well made. The ingredients were fresh and there was quite a bit of variety. The food quality would be a 7.5-8 out of 10. For an Indian lunch buffet, probably an 8 out of 10. I would have liked a bit more tenderness in the chicken tikka masala, but altogether I was pleased with the flavor. Highlights:- Naan: very very delicious, very flavorful. I usually don't eat the naan when it's a buffet because it's a cheap tactic to make you full very quickly, but when you have this stuff with their yellow dahl, it's just out of this world- Tandoori chicken: really the BEST indian buffet tandoori chicken I've had, very tender,  flavorful, and high qualityThis place is great if you want a clean, standard, consistent, and large Indian buffet. If you want to avoid the lunch rush, go at 11:30 and you'll probably be the first to try the food. Everyone seems to come in at 12:05-12:15 in packs.
If you're looking for the best tikka masala in the city, look no further! My girlfriend and I have been ordering from this place for months. The staff is extremely friendly and always patient in helping us to remember what we usually order or what we might be interested in trying. We always get the vegetable samosa, garlic naan, tikki masala and chicken tandoor. The samosas are crispy and have the perfect proportion of potatoes to peas. The garlic naan could stand on its own, but it goes really well with the tikki masala sauce. The chicken tandoor is so flavorful and remains juicy despite being a dish without a creamy sauce. Not only is the food delicious and the service great, but the prices are affordable. Highly recommend!
Was looking for some good Indian food while spending a few days in NYC and was with someone who had previously been to Nirvana and had enjoyed their food.  I found the restaurant to be very clean and the tables adorned with tablecloths.  In my opinion, one immediately noticeable detractor was that the dining area was VERY cold for a more upscale restaurant during the wintertime (maybe around 64 degrees or so?).  I'm not sure if they were having trouble with their heat, but I was definitely more comfortable outside with a coat and scarf on than inside without.  Anyway, we tried the lamb korma and the chicken tikka masala.  We also got an order of naan.  The lamb korma was pretty good and it had relatively good flavor to the sauce.  The naan was also warm and well prepared.  I was not a big fan of their chicken tikka masala, however and, while it was spicier than most Indian restaurants I have been to, I felt that it just didn't have much flavor to it.  Overall, I wouldn't steer anyone away from eating here, I just have been to many other Indian restaurants that had tastier dishes and were definitely more comfortable to dine at.
I am in no way an expert on Indian food, though I do have it every couple of months. Nirvana has a nice atmosphere, good service, good sized portions and the food was very tasty, so I will give it four stars. I have to say however at Indian restaurants there is a wide diververgance as to what mild, medium or hot means.  Just be advised that here mild seems to be about a seven on the hotness scale.
The food is average, not memorable at all. Nice touch: free samosas. The decor is not my style and neither is the atmosphere--too bland for my taste. And I'm not a fan of whispering at dinner.
I was about to cave in and get the lunch buffet at Bombay Grill when my friend suggested we up our lunch buffet by $2 bucks and try Nirvana instead: and I'm so glad we did.The main floor is a loungey/bar--looks like it could be a good set-up for post-work drinks. The dining room is upstairs and it's an open space with a fireplace and a sky-lit private room. The buffet was extensive: palak paneer, chicken masala, fish something, vindalooish lamb [not too-too spicey], tofu something, dal, honey balls, lentil something, pakoras, raita, chutney, naan [plus a few others I can't recall].I tried every dish and their food puts Bombay Grill to shame [i.e no bones in their lamb curry!]. The lamb pieces were perfectly seasoned and super tender--same goes for the chicken.The only complaint is that the buffet food could have been a tad warmer and at $12.95, Nirvana out prices other lunch buffets/specials in the area but it's worth it.Bombay Grill should consider giving their food away for free if they want to compete with their new next door neighbor.
This is a terrific restaurant. I had dinner here on a weeknight around 7pm after peeking inside and seeing an empty bar. Normally, this would scare me away, but the menu looked good and we didn't care if we would be the only ones dining. Well, after being seated upstairs, we turned out to be the only ones dining!Why was this place empty?! I have no idea! Perhaps because it has been open for only three weeks? The service is fantastic, very attentive. The food is delicious and the dining area upstairs is nice, with exposed brick and high ceilings. There were three of us and we had a bottle of wine, an appetizer and a few entrees to share and we were quite satisfied for a total of under $100.If you are in the area and walk by this place, don't shy away of it's not bustling with customers. Go ahead and walk in for a great Indian dinner. If more of us frequent a place like Nirvana, then it will stick around for a long time. What a gem!
NIrvana boasts excellent indian food at a reasonable price. The staff is extremely helpful and every item I've tried on their menu has wowed me.Things to try:Chicken saag-creamy spinach sauce with juicy chicken. Chicken tikka masala-tomato-based sauce that is fairly mild, rich and almost buttery.Mehti chicken-another rich sauce with a very interest combination of herbs. It's almost like a mid-ground between the chicken saag and the tikka masala.Tandoori chicken-This dish does not come with a sauce. The chicken, however, is extremely juicy and dripping with flavor. This is one of my favorites. It is spicy, though, so if you can't handle heat, ask them to tone it down.All of the chicken entrees are $14 and well worth every dollar. The restaurant is charming. The downstairs area is comprised of a bar with some seating. They often feature live music. This is a great find. Don't miss out!
Average. Came here for the lunch buffet. Some dishes were good. Some not so good. A good non-spicy Indian option.
There are so many options for Indian food in the area.  I can't speak intelligently to the food, but I will say that the service here is very good.  The atmosphere is comfortable and clean.  The menu options seem extensive, and if you don't see it but know what to ask for -- just ask.  They were accommodating when she wanted something she had at other Indian restaurants but didn't see on the menu here.
went here last night (Monday) on a second date thanks to the previous reviews I read.  Not only did it exceed my expectations, she was impressed and she (not I) does Indian food. I got there about 20 minutes early and had a drink at the bar, which is where you first walk in. I was greeted by a very friendly staff person and she kept the conversation with me while I waited making things very comfortable. The bar/lounge is very nice, dimly lit with some couches and has a very relaxing yet sophisticated atmosphere. When my date arrived we had a drink at the bar and then proceeded upstairs for dinner. Again, dimly lit, but with just the right ambiance to make this feel romantic. Wait staff was attentive and the food was really good. We both agreed we would be back to eat here (together :)).
Main course: lamb shag inedible, permeated with acrid taste of burned garlic. boneless lamb totally overcooked. flavorless. I asked waiter for a spicy lamb dish, he recommended this gag-worthy concoction.First course of potato-lamb croquettes was very good. Like it came from another restaurant.There must be good mains here but this was awful. Be careful what you order.
By far one of our favorite places to eat in NYC.  We happened upon Nirvana while staying in Murray Hill and went twice in the 4 days we were here.  We now live in Midtown West, near plenty of restaurants and still frequent it.  The service is fantastic, you really feel like you're a valued customer. Try the papadums with the dipping sauces. It's like the Indian version of chips and salsa; they're very light so there's not a worry of filling up too much before dinner. I'm a vegetarian and they have plenty of choices for me as well as giving the option of how much heat you'd like in your dish.  Indian ice cream is sometimes served complimentary afterwards, but I'm usually too full to have much more food by then!
maybe I'm just hungry but I picked up a tandoori vegetable with paneer (for 12 buck including tax)... I'm Indian so I can say it was awesome.  I used yelp to order it...  my days of grand central buffets are over... this was awesome!
Avoid the water on the table. Overpriced semi flat sparkling water started on wrong foot.  The appetizer- scallops was quite good.  THe actual indian food itself was just so so.  FOr the money, I was not impressed.  Nice decor though.  Service was decent. I think it may be good for the area but not good overall.
Came here for dinner during a weeknight with a friend and the place was relatively filled which was a good look. They had a bar downstairs if you wanted to mingle a little before getting to dinner. The decor was pretty basic upstairs and their food was just slightly better. Started of the night with a samosa  (which was delicious) and was expecting it to get better but there wasn't many tricks left in their bag after that. The Naan was a little dry but I enjoyed the shrimp and the chicken masala. Overall it was a good deal and affordable.
We entered this place on a whim while walking around the area looking for somewhere to eat at 10pm. I checked reviews here on Yelp! and realized it was probably worth a shot.When my group of 5 entered, we were greeted by the hostess. We discussed for a moment if we were going to stay, and the waitress grabbed the menus. She must have overheard our discussion and somewhat rudely asked "So are you staying" to which we replied "Yes" and she asked again "Are you sure, cause one of your friends seems like he wants to go." Pretty rude if you ask me...they weren't busy or packed with other guests, the hostess just seemed to have a bit of an attitude problem.The food was amazing and everything tasted delicious. The one complaint I have is that they do NOT offer free refills on fountain drinks. The waiter never told me and after 3 Cokes I was charged 3$ each. Not cool at all because just about anyone would assume that there were free refills, because everywhere offers them these days. Also, the size of the cups was pretty small; tall very narrow glasses. What kind of fancy Restuarant doesn't have refills these days?? I drink a lot of whatever I'm drinking (usually coke or sprite) with my food and its pretty difficult to drink only 1 glass. Water is free but if I'm eating out, I want a coke with my dinner.
I came here with my fiance for the lunch buffet.  The upstairs is nicely decorated, much trendier than other Indian restaurants.  The lunch buffet was really tasty and had the usual suspects: chicken tikka masala, goat curry, fish curry, chaan saag and about 4 other vegetarian dishes.  But alas, no lamb curry!  Why is it that I cannot find an Indian lunch buffet with lamb curry!Service was fine. Plenty of water and naan refills. I'm deducting one star because I think $14 is a bit much.  If I'm going to be a regular, I need my Indian lunch buffets to be under $12.
Chicken 65 and Gobi Manchurian appetizers very flavorful and just downright yummy!
Great medium sized restaurant with decent prices, especially for the neighborhood.  We were amazed at seeing the Chicken 65 on the menu (traditional Indian savory bar food) and were blown away by the delicious taste.  The lamb korma was flavorful and rich.  The only area of improvement is for the staff to be a bit more attentive, it took us about 30 minutes to get our check.
I made a reservation online and came here for a dinner date. There is a bar on the first level which was very noisy, but the second level was intimate and candle-lit with white tablecloths and a single yellow rose on each table. The variety on the menu was good, the prices reasonable and the service quick. We had a curried vegetable dish which was underwhelming (lots of onions which were only lightly cooked and the sauce was very tomato-y) but the naan and tikka masala were fantastic. Would definitely recommend and would dine here again.
My second experience with Indian food was great even though I cannot handle spicy food for the life of me.  I thought that with practice I could overcome the sniffles and the watery eyes, but alas, it always gets the best of me.If you're like me, you'll be downing at least 4 cups of water- good thing they're quick on the refills!  I don't know how I would've lasted otherwise.I had the crab pakoda curry.  It seemed like a safer option bc I love crab and I love curry.  The dish was really delicious- every bite had a burst of flavor without being overwhelmingly spicy.  I hate it when my mouth burns before I even get a chance to savor the taste.I used bread to dip into the extra curry sauce that was left.  I couldn't get enough of it!  Beware: even mild was too hot for me.  We also had the garlic naan, which is like the bread they give you with your AppleBee's chicken quesadilla plate.My only problem was that the bathroom was in the basement, and we dined on the second floor.  Up and down the stairs I went like someone who has OBS(overactive bladder syndrome).  HA!  Lucky for them, I would walk to the ends of the Earth for great food.
Pretty good lunch buffet.  It was fresh and there were the staple items like chicken marsala and whatnot.
Very good chicken tikka masala.  A bit overpriced for Indian food.
Ok I'll say it flat out - the food was excellent. That's kind of why we're here, right? I had a work dinner pop up on me and had to get somewhere within a few blocks of Grand Central and just didn't want another cr*p meal at a place where you whip out your company card. I mean I understand why that has to happen some times but other times I turn into a 7-year old with a temper tantrum and just get pissed off at eating decent, hugely overpriced food.That said, they lost a star because the service was really, really slow. My guess is that someone was out that night but I haven't been back yet so I don't really know. If I go back and there's fantastic service, I'll return with another star.Reasonably priced as well but its high end food so don't be surprised when its a bit more.
Yes! Yes! And Yes!  I had a wonderful meal here and I will highly recommend this place.  Great service and food.  Searching for any authentic cuisine (Indian or not) is tricky, yet this place is always on point! Enjoy!
A good Indian lunch buffet is hard to find.I discovered this establishment on the recommendation from a colleague with notably good taste.  He suggested that I try it and I was delighted when two colleagues took me out for a birthday lunch; they had been before and were familiar with the excellent tastes available in the $12.95 buffet.  While it may seem a bit pricey, it is well worth it for a meal that is both good quality and includes naan.The buffet is available upstairs and features 16 stations ranging from meat to vegetarian dishes and salad.  By the time I filled my plate with rice, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, and goat curry, I didn't have real estate for any other dishes.  Round two was mostly the remainders from the vegetarian side, all of which were flavorful and fulfilling.As mentioned, I was pleased that warm naan was constantly replenished and not at an additional cost -- it is, after all, an essential part of the meal -- which is often considered a side item.I've been disappointed by the lackluster quality of other buffets, or not felt so great after them -- this one lived up to the hype and the price.  This would be a great introduction for anyone who's wanted to try Indian food, since you'd have your pick to enjoy as little or as much as you want.On a completely unrelated note (since I'm a guy), I really appreciated the hostess' ample amount of cleavage.  I'm just sayin'.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Found this place pretty quickly online and wasn't really expecting too much. They have us this nice potato starter thing that we all liked. I got the fish curry and it was delicious. My aunt and uncle both liked their meals as well, and they're from England, so they eat a lot of that shiz there. The decor was nice and a bit on the romantic side. A little chilly, but not too bad. The only thing is, it was a little pricey for Indian food, but definitely a solid meal that I have absolutely not complaints about taste wise.I'd go back, but probably won't actively unless I'm in the area and craving Indian.
I'd really go up to 4 1/2 for this one.  My husband met me after work (1 p.m.) & we walked to Lex. looking for an Indian buffet lunch.  We started at 40th St., & right there was Nirvana; $12.95 for the buffet is only $3. more than what the zero-atmosphere little places that cater to the cab drivers charge a few blocks south, so we figured it was worth a try (plus the name is pretty alluring) even though we didn't see anyone inside.  Well, that's because the restaurant is mostly upstairs, where the place was hopping!  On a Monday afternoon!The buffet was FAR superior to the ten-dollar places we've tried (see above).  They serve a basket of nan at the table & then you hit the buffet.  Excellent saag paneer, excellent chicken tandoori with a bit of a kick.  I got the chance to try goat curry, something I'd never order a full plate of (meat was little tough, but I guess goat meat would be!).  Spices were well-balanced in every dish we tried, and we tried just about everything offered.  The vegetable korma was very good, and we even liked the mustard-sauce fish (plain white bland fish, but in a nice sauce).  We shared a dish of each dessert;  the rice pudding was delish and the gulab jamon (sp?) balls were excellent.  My husband went back for a little more rice pudding; that was a first!Can't wait to go try this place for dinner.  The ambiance is lovely; the room is nicely decorated, there's a smaller room in the back that has a skylight.
Delicious cocktails (saffron bellini for me and something with mint for my husband) and delicious food!  Paneer tikka was great and so was everything else!  Really nice, attentive staff.  Great experience!
Ordered the chicken curry lunch box. It was SO delicious. So much food for under ten dollars. Curry is spicy (i got medium spice and it was perfect), big portion of rice, and the vegetable was delicious. A whole Naan is provided with a very generous yogurt sauce for dipping. I will definitely be ordering again!
Nice place for a dinner date... Low lights, candles, attentive wait staff, and a complimentary amuse bouche. Drinks were good if pricy and entrees were flavorful and sizeable. I had a vegetarian cheese dish with a light brown sauce and it was very good. It is just a few blocks from Grand Central Station too.
After eating here on a recent Monday night, I'm really surprised by the prevalence of 4-star reviews. The food was mediocre at best, and overpriced for the quality. We had the samosas to start and they were lukewarm. The shrimp korma for a main was way too creamy and under-seasoned, and the goat was on the stringy side. I've had better takeout from almost every Indian restaurant I've ever ordered from. And the service was poor - once we finished our meal we waited and waited, and finally had to flag down a bus-person to ask for tea since our waiter just disappeared. Not that I would have wanted to chance it after the starter and main course, but  I didn't even get a look at the dessert menu since our waiter disappeared. Extremely disappointed and would recommend against. There's got to be better Indian in NYC.
Ambience is nice. As far as the food goes, i can only speak for what was tried and its like this. Veg samosas are ok. Lamb and potato croquettes are amazing better than my entree. I should have ordered 3 of those instead of my entree. Shrimp biryani is just ok, i have had much more amazing biryani at tandoori chef in nj. However the shrimp in the biryani are so huge! Wow. The crab masala is not good imo. Paneer mulkhani is creamy and slightly sweet so it was ok to dip with the amazing nan bread. The service here is nice too. Maybe i would come back here im not sure.
Just happened to check this place out last night after a long day at work.It was a Thursday night, the place functions as a small lounge/bar downstairs but the upstairs is where you can sit down and eat. Don't let the entrance fool you. The upstairs part of the restaurant is very nicely decorated and has a lovely atmosphere.Some of the pluses: they had different Indian rices, especially lemon rice which I hardly get to eat at most places. And it was very well done with curry leaves. The methi murgh (fenugreek chicken) was very deelish. We ordered plain naan which was freshly made and very soft. I had the aloo (potato) and lamb tikkis which were very well made.In addition to Tamarind, this place has now become my place to eat GOOD INDIAN FOOD. And I can give it my own Indian seal of approval since I am Indian! :)Check it out yourself!
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said.  Excellent Indian food.  Fast lunchtime service.  Great for large groups or intimate discussions.  Everyone here is fantastic.  The decor is beautiful and airy.  The owner, Viki makes you feel right at home and checks on you personally to ensure your visit is as pleasant as can be. I simply LOVE this place and bring all of my friends here.
Quantity very less , costly & quality very very bad. They charge for pickle n raitha. The servers are not courteous... worst indian restraunt I have been I will give it minus 5 stars.
Yelped for some help, and this place popped up.  Although I do not agree with the $$ signs (should be $$$), I loved this place.  We were massively hungry, which meant that we had to order more.  We got 2 apps (Achari Mushroom - was good, but not my thing; Chicken 65 - was good, sweet - a fine appetizer that's meat only), 2 chicken tikka masalas (very good, although I've had better), Hara Shrimp (not a big fan of it - was green, the seasonings overpowered the shrimp flavor, although the shrimp were quite large, you get 6), Paneer Makhanwala (AMAZING!  Was my fav, the sauce was exquisite, and it was just all around great).  We ordered the tomato rice and the normal rice with peas, a naan and a garlic naan.  The rice was normal, the naan was GREAT.  I'm a naan lover, and it had a great blend of crispiness and fluffiness.  Nearly perfect.That combined with 2 soft drinks and one beer came out to $150.  I didn't expect it to be that much, but oh well.  It was delicious and hit the spot.
Thank god I found this place, because I was *this* close to resigning myself to the belief that midtown is utterly forsaken by good Indian restaurants.I got the chicken curry lunch special, which appears to be Chicken Tikka Masala, with chana saag and both were delicious.  The Tikka had that subtle sour bite from the yogurt, and the saag was creamy and still resembled the taste of actual spinach, unlike the mutant spinach concoctions I'm used to getting at other places in the area.Of course, it is nearly impossible in my experience to get good Indian without paying a surchage, and Nirvana is no exception.  At $14 an entree, it is advisable to stick with the lunch specials, which are $7.95-$8.95 for either veg or meat options.  This is about a dollar more than the "competition", but it's soooo worth it.Highly recommended for the Midtown lunch crowd.
The concierge at the hotel by Grand Central recommended this place when I asked for a good Indian restaurant within walking distance. It's got a nice decor and very friendly staff. They even gave us a complimentary appetizer that night. We ordered two entrees, a chickpeas side dish, and garlic naan. The entrees came with peas pulao (rice). All the dishes were well-portioned. The food was excellent, and I would definitely go back there again.
This is a great place to go for a more upscale Indian meal in Murray Hill.I've been to Nirvana twice and have not been disappointed.  First, the service is very good.  They serve an amuse bouche before the meal, which is a nice touch. As for the food, the chicken tikka masala is very good.  The lamb potato croquettes were surprisingly tasty, and something that I wouldn't normally order.  Vegetable samosas, goat curry and naan are also very good.Overall, I really like Nirvana, however I find it a little pricey.  There are tons of amazing Indian restaurants in the neighborhood that are less expensive.
Had the two dish, one was Madres Chicken and another one I forgot, which was most polar from the reviews. Ordered two beer but it wasn't cold. So they gave us new bottle the was real cold. Make sure to know that rice is $4. Ordered second rice and ate little bit. Over all it was good, except that rice was expensive.
i came here twice on my short trip out to NY. great location, loved the vibe, food was decent, though service was a tad slow.ambiance: sooo cute! the downstairs area (the floor you enter) is the bar area and there was live music in the back. Cozy, and comforting.food: good, though nothing spectacular. ordered a variety of dishes but the things that stood out: lamb patties (appetizers), methi chicken, dal tadka, and the mix veggie dish. chicken tikka masala was ok, though a little too creamy for my taste. they also give you a complimentary appetizer (both times i visited), which is nice.service: though they fill your water quickly, this place takes forever to bring out food/the check/get going w life. come on, people. move a little faster!overall, i give it 3.5 stars, but because i'm in a good mood...i'll round up.
This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city.  It's so much better than the dirty, run-down, row of Indian restaurants on 6th street (and I love hole-in-the-wall restaurants).The food at Nirvana is very quality.  The meats are tender and everything is so flavorfull.  You won't find "fake" chicken meat here like you might find in some restaurants.The price is not on the cheap side, but it's not over-priced compared to other quality restaurants.  I come here at least once a week for lunch.  I order the take-out lunch box, which can last me two meals.  To me that's a bargain!  In fact, I'm grubbind down on my left-over lunch box right now!I love seafood in general, but here I prefer the chicken or lamb dishes over seafood.
Superb spices. Flavorful and not overwhelming. Staff was extremely pleasant. Clearly, this restaurant takes food seriously.
Pretty atmosphere upstairs Scallop appetizer: slightly overcooked but still goodLobster tikka masala: tender , really goodStuffed okra: little undercooked. Saag paneer: nothing specialMango lassi: deliciuos, too much ice thoVegetable rice: okGarlic naan: okOverall good food. May come back for lobster masala
I work very near by so I am surprised that no one has pointed out they have excellent lunch specials and a pretty decent bar too.
i'm keeping the same rating because apparently "only the rating for your most recent review counts towards the business' average rating" policybut.. i finally got around to picking up my bag that i left here months ago.. literally months ago..and it was there! and they remembered me! and i am so impressed i could fawn .. but i won't.. i'll resist. because the food really did suck.
The all you can eat lunch buffet = good.Service that was definitely lacking = not good.Between bringing us upstairs to our "table" only to have us stand at the top of the stairs with our thumbs up our asses while we were left with zero instructions on where to sit to not bringing out enough bread plates to removing one of our water glasses to forgetting to bring our check (after we had flagged them down to bring said check twice), the service could have done with a full-service makeover, let alone a little "fine-tuning."That said, lunch buffet...about $17 including tax and tip...Fine.I'll just shut up and eat my tandoori chicken.
I've been here a couple of times and would agree with the rest of reviews that say that the price is the only thing that would count against Nirvana.  The atmosphere and decoration is very nice - particularly when compared to a lot of other Indian restaurants out there.  The service was excellent - there was not once that we had to ask for a water refill and the delivery of the food was incredibly prompt.  In terms of the food - I loved everything I had the few times that I've gone and try a few different things each time.  For appetizers:  I enjoy their samosas, but if you really want something delicious and incredibly flavorful get the Chicken 65.  I must warn that it is not for the faint of heart because it's incredibly spicy.For entrees:  At most Indian restaurants, I go for the standard fair (chicken tikka masala, etc.) and based on my first great experience with the basics, I decided to try something a little more adventurous the next time.  I went for the Fish Moilee - which was great.  The fish was not overpowering at all and was cooked to perfection.  My friends got the lamb lasooni and the chicken saag and absolutely loved them.  Also got the garlic naan which was fluffy and flavorful.For dessert:  We got the gulab jamun - which was great but nothing very different from other Indian restaurants where I've had it.
Starting point: 0 starzBeing named after the most influential band of the 1990's: +4 starzComing out with a potato croquette appetizer on the house: +1 starThinking I only ordered a regular bottle of beer and then coming out with a couple of taj mahal 40 ouncerz: +3 starsOrdered the Mahi Tikka. Tasted a little weird. My friend tries it and proclaims it "fishy". She is correct: -3 starsTried her Lamb, was pretty decent but it wasn't mine: NO STARZSpicy pickles. I thought I have enjoyed these in the past from Indian jointz. These were just TOO overpowering and made me feel like i was tripping my face off. I decided to stop taking acid like 10 years ago so: -2 starzOnion Naan was pretty good but dis guy has had better. I'll be nice and say: +1 starHaving to use a signal flare to get the waiter/waitresses attention when the place wasn't busy at all: -3 starsWhen the waiter/waitress was around they were very nice: +2 starsFeeling mad bloated and slightly off for the next few days: -3 starzJessica and I trying to go to the Psychic next door but being told to come back later by a woman that looked like she was trying to be more sexy than psychic: +2 starzNirvana grand total: 2 stars
I'm a huge fan of the food here, but the prices are a little high for the amount of food. Luckily they are on Savored, etc. Everything I've had has been delicious (especially the garlic naan!), but I was not prepared for how spicy the Chicken 65 app would be. Seriously, my mouth hurt halfway through, and I can handle heat. Now you've been warned.
This place doesn't honor a table for one person for Lunch buffet and were very rude. I am not showing up again here. They should have been loud and clear that Lunch buffet's are not offered for one person.
I've been here a few times in the past few years. The atmosphere is pretty romantic. It's dark and candlelit, quiet, perfect for a relaxing night out. There's a bar on the lower level. Staff is attentive and the food is not too bad but definitely pricey. Worth a try.
From an Indian person's point of view, this was a very nice and elegant Indian restaurant (good if you want to take a date here or just to with friends). They also have some unique Indian dishes you do not find at other Indian restaurants. The achari tangadi chicken was very, very good! It is a little more than an average Indian restaurant, but average price for one in Manhattan. Highly recomended!
Yum yum Indian in the city! Quaint place, great service, very good food. Not expensive. Bring the family or just a date
I was invited yesterday for lunch. We had the buffet. They had wide selection and great variety. I like the atmosphere. I'll go there again and bring other friends. We went upstairs to the dining room. It had two sections.
I have been to NY twice and I have eaten here both times. The lotus root and chicken tikki are awesome! Happy our specials during the week are cheap for NYC. I'll eat here again for sure!
Hello, all you can eat lunch buffet for $12.95.  Yes, I think I will go up for thirds, thanks for asking!I stuffed myself to extreme discomfort this afternoon at Nirvana.  Who knew this all you can eat buffet was around the corner from the office?  My waistline would prefer that I continued to be ignorant of that fact, but my belly is very happy right now.I ate:  -Little savory donut like things (I don't know what they're called) that are fried and peppery and served with a  yummy dipping sauce-Basmati rice-Chicken Tikka Masala-Chana Masala-Corn Saag Paneer-Mushroom Paneer They keep refilling your basket of warm naan, too.  DEADLY.
Good Indian food, good service, and a nice ambiance. The only drawback for me was the Kenny G-inspired music; they claimed not to have any real Indian music. So the music kind of threw off the ambiance, but the food was good enough to make up for it!
Its a pathetic excuse for indian food. i have been in the country and around new york area, and believe me its the worst indian food ever for a price which would be similar to wasting food!!!Yelp actually seem to have fake reviews on this place.At the restaurant, we were served a small tidbit, on the house. which showed the chef's non experience with the cuisine.And for the appetizers, we had gobi manchurian and chicken 65... bad is just a understatement... i come from the land of Chicken 65, and this was just fried in a underdone masala.Main course was again mediocre, large dinner plates with food portions which could only fill up 25% of the plate...The check has its own tragedy=  we had ordered 2 biryani's and were provided only one raita. the second raita was bought in after asking for it.... Pickle was asked to make the food palatable and was rudely taken away when my wife was about to eat more of it... And so our check reflected $4 for the raita and $3 for pickle which is unheard of anywhere in the world!!! No indian estaurant charges for raita or pickle...We tried to debate the bill with host after adjustment of the bill(raita and pickle charged was dropped later on) and all he had to say was "i dont want to listen to you"... Arrogance was at its peak when he said that pickle and raita is charged in the menu card which my wife could not locate the same in their menu. To sum it up... its a huge ripoff and they just mooch off from Non-indians who seem to be the only ones patronizing this restaurant.i go with a single star i.e. only for the drinks we had.. Rest was a sad sad story and a loss of heart and good dollars..
It is a bit pricier than many other Indian options - particularly further down Lexington into Curry Hill.  That said, it is worth every penny.  We went there for dinner on Sunday night.  While it was nearly empty, I chalk that up to the typical Manhattan summertime doldrums.  The food - fantastic.  The service - terrific.The value factor - spot on.  In every way, it is clear that they want to *earn* your business.  I look forward to returning many more times.
So, I don't know about NYC's Indian food scene, but this was pretty good. Good enough for me to come back to it for my four day visit to NYC. When we first got in, our expectations were pretty low. The downstairs looks like a trashy bar, full of ridiculously loud "adults" having a good drunk time. The hostess took us upstairs and instant change of scene. Really dimly lit and much more calmer than the downstairs. Now the food - I ordered the Kofte and naan and my friend ordered the chicken biryani. The curry was really, really good and the naan was ridiculously overpriced at $4. My friend loved her food too and since our hotel was a walk away, we came back another night.
Lovely atmosphere attentive service excellent food. All in all a superb meal. Only minor draw back was the crab it was an unexpected soft shell crab not delicious but we were not expecting the crunch. We will be back here the next time were in NYC
Everything was delicious; we had Naaan, Vindaloo and Lobster Tikka Masala. The drinks were good to and so was the service. The only thing that I can recommend, it that when they say spicy, the mean spicy. I generally like spicy food but this was Really spicy, so be aware when you order.
The food is consistently good without being pretentious. Very reminiscent of good Indian restaurants back in India. The service has always been excellent and there is a lot of space for a Manhattan restaurant.
Although the decor is sort of swanky, the overpriced food was a big disappointment. The servers seemed detached and tried to rush us out. I won't be back.
This is only related to their lunch buffet, I did not try their a la carte.I've been to at least 5 or 6 different indian buffet's in manhattan and this is below average in the important areas of both food quality and variety.I found that they did not restock often nor have a large selection of items.  they may advertise it as having 16 courses, but over half of those are little bowls of salad ingredients.  Further, the naan they provided had charred bits all over it.  Not the worst buffet I've ever been to for indian, but honestly close to itFor a lower price, I strongly recommend Darbar grill at 55th and 3rd.  It has a larger selection which is restocked often and they also provide naan without charred bits all over them.  Further, their dessert is spectacular as they usually have this amazing mango mouse and rice pudding.
The food here is pretty decent, but its not my kind of place. You can't even tell its an Indian restaurant when you walk in.  It may as well be an Italian place.  The food is a bit overpriced when there are so many other options in the area.
Great attentive service. Food was great, lamb vindaloo in particular was excellent, highly recommend.
Love this place. The saag is dreamy. Good naan. Good atmosphere, whether for a date or their brunch.
Very good flavorful food and the staff is really nice. I like the decor as well. Don't be turned off by looking inside from the front door as that is only the bar area, very large dining room upstairs.
Loved this place and the complimentary appetizer and dessert was a great surprise. The waiters were great. Loved the saffron Bellini. I can't say enough good things about this place.
The lunch buffet was great - variety of meat dishes and some nice vegetarian ones as well. Everything tasted good - I also liked the ginger dessert. They bring Naan to your table, and offered hot tea. A perfect place for a lunch meeting on a workday - good food at your own pace since you don't have to wait at all.
We were a little worried that on a Friday night there were only 2 other tables of patrons, but we were so glad we stayed.To start we had the scallops which were cooked perfectly, but the overall taste wasn't memorable enough to order again. The stars of dinner were the tikka masala, vegetable korma and naan. Perfection! Service was outstanding, and at the end of the meal a complimentary dessert was served.   We'll definitely return.
Excellent.  Excellent.  Excellent.When this place moved into the neighborhood a couple of weekends ago, I was skeptical.  When you walk by, it looks like it's focused more on trying to be a hip bar than a delicious eating experience.  But I've since ordered from it twice and both times it's been excellent -- what a great addition to the neighborhood.I love Indian food, but the best Indian food in the neighborhood has been Bukhara grill which usually takes 45 minutes to deliver.  So even though Nirvana's name makes it sound like it belongs in a Las Vegas hotel, I thought I would give it a try.  So glad I did.In 25 minutes, I had my delicious delivery.  With my entree (i got the okra masala) and naan (aloo paratha) they included a delicious complementary lentil soup, and a small serving of raita .   All the food was excellent -- very tasty, well seasoned, a little spicy even though I got the mild version but still great.  Whenever I walk by it looks empty, which makes me worried because I would love to have this place become a permanent fixture to the neighborhood.   So Yelp, work your magic!  If anyone is hankering for some Indian food, order from Nirvana!
Found out about this place on restaurant.com, read the great reviews on Yelp and decided to check it out...made reservations on opentable.com easily.Cute bar when you first walk in -- actual restaurant is upstairs. Really nice decor...simple and tasteful. (Clean, nice bathroom too!)Very friendly hostess and waitstaff -- immediate attention. We were immediately served a complimentary appetizer (some kind of fried shrimp, which my husband and our friend loved...I don't eat shrimp, so they brought me a really interesting cauliflower in sauce dish -- very delicious). Our meals were fantastic -- very fresh, tasty, and more than filling. I had Chicken Tikka Massala and my husband had a lamb dish (the most tender lamb I've tried). Lemon rice and garlic naan was a great compliment....also, probably the best mango lassi I've had...ended with a complimentary dessert...much appreciated :-)The owner came up to us several times to make sure everything was okay and to ask us how we found out about this new restaurant. Highly recommended!
I LOVE Nirvana. My friend and her mom loved this place too! Nice decor, bar's downstairs and restaurant upstairs. Went here for dinner wearing super casual clothes (the decor is chic) and the servers and even the manager were so unassuming. Our server (forgot his name, but admitted that's he's not Indian) suggested the best possible dishes I knew subconsciously were delicious choices. We asked because my mom's friend (who's not into Indian food that much) needed a more reliable advice on food, guess asking me was not up to par considering that I worship Indian cuisine and would die happily just eating Indian for the rest of my life. I'm not gonna elaborate on each food we ate because overall they were very palatable I kept eating even though I was already really really full.For appetizers we had calamari fritters, and 2 other apps I forgot the name... one's really spicy though. Then, we had chicken tikka masala and methi chicken, and my vegetarian friend had saag paneer. Rice, garlic naan, etc. We also had GOOD cocktails, good meaning really strong and well made! Pretty expensive $10-15 a pop for a cocktail, and I had 2. In the end, I think they somehow negotiated that the extra rice and our second drinks were free, though I'm not sure how that happened. Guess we just ate too much, bill came to $100+, and I'd say it was worth it! (: Mom's friend said she'd come back, take that for someone who's had bad experiences with Indian food.
This a good place to pick up your lunch if you work around the area. I ordered off their website and they give you a 10% discount for it. The food was ready within 15 minutes of ordering and was waiting by the time I walked in. The Lamb Lunch Box is very good. It includes the curry with the meat, a good portion of rice,the vegetable of the day and comes with two big pieces of Naan. The lamb was well cooked and tender and there was enough food to be filling.
The food was pretty good. The bottle of wine made it even better.The sauces of the madras chicken, and paneer makhanwala dishes were well seasoned with plenty of taste. It was definitely a few notches above many of the Indian restaurants around the area.I wish the waiter had stopped us from ordering 2 rice, 2 naan, and a side of jeera aloo with the 2 entrees for two people knowing full well that we were going to be offered complementary appetizers and desserts.
Nirvana hosted a birthday dinner I was throwing for a girlfriend. It was a party of 20 and they graciously joined tables together to make one long table per request. The servers were absolutely superb and handled even the most bothersome requests with a smile. The food was also spectacular and arrived promptly, especially when considering the size of the party. The staff was also extremely patient with our group after the dinner, allowing us to (loudly) socialize in the lounge area. I highly recommend Nirvana and will definitely be back!
Delicious Indian  fare you will find at Nirvana.  I went for lunch and the service was fast and the food delicious.  This place is convenient to Grand Central Station, so grab a bite before your commute home.
I am Indian, so I know a few things about Indian Food  (Hopefully).We decided to go here after reading all the good reviews.We got the Chicken 65 which tasted OK but was stale and felt like it had been left on the warmer too long.I got the Chicken Tikka Masala which is my favorite and I was very disappointed. The sauce had way too much Tomatoe Puree (as others have said in their reviews) and tasted anything but like Tikka Masala.The place looks much better in the pictures then it actually is.The wait staff is very nice and friendly.I will not be returning here.
Went on Saturday at noon, place initially empty but filled up with lucky diners later. Bhindi Bharwan Masala, an Okra dish, and Chana Masala, a Chickpea dish, were both superb.
For my first time having Indian food, this was definitely the best place for an introduction. The food was great and the atmosphere cozy. For anyone looking for approachable, beautiful Indian food, Nirvana is your spot.
Back in the 70s I had my first Indian food at a restaurant called Nirvana that was in a penthouse overlooking Central Park.  It was magical, and over the years I introduced many people to Indian food there.  It closed a number of years ago, and I went to this Nirvana hoping that some of the magic had transferred with the name.  Sadly I was to be dissapointed.The service at this Nirvana was excellent, but unfortunately the food was dissapointing.  Actually it was all well prepared with one issue, every dish (Lamb Sag, Chicken Tikka Masala, even the Rasmalli) seemed to miss one spice.  The net result was that the food was on the bland side.If it weren't for the good service I'd probably have gone with a two star rating, but the overall experience does deserve three.  That said, there are much better Indian restaurants in the city and in the future I'd be inclined to skip Nirvana and go to one of those.
Nirvana isnt a bad restaurant but its not that great. We ordered the lemon rice, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, peshewari naan and garlic naan. The rice and naan were both excellent. I thought the main courses left something to be desired. We also ordered two cocktails--a passion fruit one and mojoto one... the passion fruit cocktail tasted more like oj than passion fruit but i enjoyed the mojito. The ambience in the restaurant was nice -- definitely a good place to take a date. Service was also stellar. Worth checking out but dont expect to be blown away. The meal + 20% tip was around $100 but we were certainly packed to capacity when we walked out the door.
Hip atmosphere. Really enjoyed the whole meal. Order the succulent gobi manchurian and the buttery malai kofta.
Sadly I was underwhelmed by Nirvana.  I thought everything was completely fine, fresh, reasonably tasty, etc.  But when compared to other "nicer" Indian restaurants, Nirvana pales in comparison with some of our more preferred spots (Surya, Dhaba, Brick Lane).  The chicken tikka masala was delicious while the lamb vindaloo was surprisingly fatty and the meat quite dense.  I also had a wide eye "are you kidding" moment when they charged us $4 for white rice.  Really?  Total bill for two of us with each having one glass of wine was $76 including tip.  I wouldn't recommend against Nirvana, but the price / quality formula is slightly out of line here.
Nirvana is a good Indian restaurant. The saag paneer is great, the lotus dish is great, and that's pretty much all I get. The appetizers and the desserts are quite lame. The meat dinners, except the lamb saag, aren't really anything interesting. The portions are good, I always take home a second meal with me. And they do pretty quick delivery as well. Service can be a bit slow sometimes. The wine list is acceptable. There's a good amount of space. The cocktails are OK. They have live music in the lounge sometimes. Mediocre.
Had lunch here with a friend.  We arrived around 1:30 and were seated immediately.  Waitstaff is friendly and extremely efficient.  My friend and I opted for the lunch buffet.  It was pretty good and had several old standbys: curry, tandoori chicken, rice, some vegetable dishes, rice pudding, chutney, etc.  We were also served a basket of warm naan.  I will say that I have been to better and more extensive Indian buffets, but this was pretty good.  Restroom was very clean.  Overall a good dining experience.
I come here frequently for their lunch buffet and really enjoy it! Probably is the best Indian lunch buffet in the city. All the staffs are also friendly!
Delicious food. Loved it, will definitely be coming back. Cute place, very dim lighting makes it good for a date night for sure. I had the chicken tikka masala which was scrumptious. The portions are big so it's great for sharing.
"I've experienced Nirvana only once.  That is, the restaurant that bears such a name." -- Mark Twain.  Good mid-town Indian food.  Buffet is a good price and a good selection.  I ate a lot and was very sleepy afterwards.  The mango lassi was very tasty.  In a city of excellent Indian restaurants, this one is good but not among the best.
I'm puzzled by the positive reviews.  A colleague and I were there on 8/7 for the buffet and it was, in a word, dreadful. My favorite cuisine is Indian, and my friend lived in South Asia for a number of years and dined on Indian fare often, so i think we are pretty fair judges.  What was so bad?  The flavor profiles were off.  The dals and curries were extremely watery.  The vegetable dishes looked as if the vegetables had been mashed.  I did not finish my plate.  This restaurant also gets raves on Zagat - leads to me wonder why....were these guys just having a bad day?
Weird that in Murray "Curry" Hill, this was rated the top restaurant with 4 stars.  Average Indian food, at unfortunately above average prices.  Was NOT worth the $55 spent for delivery for 2 (app & main).  Still on the search....
Food was good, but not for the price. The place is dishonest. We came with a food "coupon" that we paid for and was told we could not use it since our reservation was made on OpenTable. This was not printed or disclosed anywhere. That reeks of fraud and dishonesty.
Lamb chops are to die for. Goat biriyani and butter chicken.
When I walked in here I immediately loved the atmosphere. A great date place! The naan bread was wonderful and we got a complimentary potato croquet (if that's how it's spelled). Ordered a bottel of wine that was to die for! I ordered something I couldn't pronounce but it essentially was spinach and sauteed cheese cubes served over rice. so good! The prices were not bad. $5 for the naan, 14 for my main dish.. I will be coming back. Even my waiter was great. he was this adorable young man who seemed new at the waiter gig but was great.
one of the better indian buffets in the city. right around the corner from my former office - we frequented this joint when we had a more relaxed afternoon facing us.  because a nap is surely required after your visit.they get spice just right, the staff is really friendly, and the interior is really beautiful. it's a little bit on the expensive side for a buffet, but i think it's worth the money. plus - it's in midtown ... everything seems to be a little bit expensive.
This place is amazing. Maybe the best Indian I've ever had. Great atmosphere too.  Yum!!
i'm not an indian food expert, but i have to say, this was reasonably priced and delicious.  just be prepared to leave smelling of the cuisine ...
I came here through a friend's recommendation and was definitely expecting a lot.  It delivered.  I had some great appetizers, and then ordered some different chicken dishes for the entree.  I am a seasoned Indian foodie, and was pleasantly surprised with the flavors and taste of the food.  I don't particularly like seafood, which I know is recommended here, so was happy to see how tasty and satisfying the chicken dishes were.  I am also generally skeptical about wine with my Indian food but their wine list is great, and I really enjoyed a nice glass of red with my meal.  It was a very relaxing ambience and the place has a cool decor.  I definitely am going back.
We chose the buffet, nice atmosphere, food is delicious especially the Chicken Tikka Masala, service is quick and friendly. :)
Good food. Great service. Felt a bit nickel and dimed having to pay for rice when the entrees are not cheap.  All and all a great place for tasty indian.
I having been doing take-out from Nirvana for over a year, since I work nearby and nobody else in my office enjoys Indian food, so I am on my own.  I always order the lunch special.  I was quite happy until recently, when my saag paneer came completely underspiced and was therefore little more than a creamed spinach-like mush.  The same day, the fried okra appetizer was absolutely inedible.  Which proves they have an issue with consistency, since on other occasions I have raved about how good the food was.  I haven't given up on Nirvana yet, though.  I just hope the owner doesn't let a good thing slip away.
Soooo the atmosphere and service with this restaurant is best described as awkward. I felt as if asking for anything was somewhat of a hassle and their responses were somewhat strange. When asking if they did refills on pop they looked at us quizzically and said refill? Like we were speaking another language. (It was an english speaking waiter) They brought us some free appetizer which was nice and tasted good but overall I would say this place is just good. Not amazing and not bad.
I came here to eat with a family member during a weekday night.  I did not have much expectations since it was surrounded by large office buildings  The restaurant was not very packed and we were seated on the second floor, which had a nice dimmed ambiance.The food was good (a little salty) and the portions were plenty.What struck out about this place is the excellent level of service.  The waiters are very attentive and friendly, which truly impressed me and I would definitely go back again.
Nice dinning room which is located upstairs from the bar.  The atmosphere was slightly more formal then the Indian restaurants which I frequent further down on Lexington.  Our appetizers and entrees were both good.  However, I do not feel it was worth the price.
This was a very pleasant surprise. I stopped in here on a whim, and it turned out to be way better than I was expecting. Typically with Indian restaurants, I expect good food with an odd atmosphere- a mix between overly formal and strangely negligent decor. This restaurant manages to shirk its cultural traditions and blend a semi-formal yet hip atmosphere. I arrived to find a live jazz band playing in the back on the first floor. I generally hate listening to live music while i eat, so i was glad to discover that my table was on the second floor. The atmosphere up there was really pleasant- good attentive service, tasteful east-meets-west decor, and good lighting. The food was outstanding. When i went back downstairs, the jazz band was still entertaining a dozen or so fans. i stayed for a few minutes and the music was good. Definitely a restaurant worth keeping in mind.
Great food if on the spicy side. A notch above the Indian restaurants on 28th/Lex a few blocks down and a price tag above to go with. The ambiance in the dining area up stairs with exposed brick is quite nice so if you're looking for a more romantic dinner than you get at Dhaba I'd suggest this place. The helpings are generous and the food is very flavorful. Their naans are great too. Excellent tandoori menu. It was slow when we went and the service was attentive without being obtrusive. Strong recommend.
Best Indian restaurant in Midtown. Their lunch buffet is my fave in the area. Everything I've tried here is among the best Indian food I've ever had. Can't wait to go back.
A surprisingly elegant/romantic Indian eatery with pretty delicious food and almost too attentive service... I also caught the live band when I was there. Would definitely go back again :)
Delicious.  Was visiting family in the area and staying at the Grand Hyatt.  The concierge recommended Nirvana as a close, reasonably-priced restaurant where we could be okay in jeans.  We walked over there, got seated immediately (we were exhausted, so it was an early dinner--probably 6pm?)The service was impeccable.  The waiter was on top of our water, refilling constantly.  They gave us free appetizers, and made great recommendations for entrees.  We had the tandoor veg and the palak paneer.  It was amazing, and the portions were very good sized.  The tandoor veg was a little spicy (too much for my dining companion, but perfect for me), but I loved it.Highly recommended.
Very disappointed with this place.  My girlfriend made reservations based on reviews how well the service was and that was what was lacking.  We should up at 7:30PM for our reservation and was promptly seated.  And it goes downhill from there.We're waiting to have someone come over with the menus.  After ten minutes, I try to wave someone down.  Mind you the place is not busy at all.  Around 7:45PM, someone does come over and asks us what we would like to order.  Annoyed, I tell him we haven't gotten a menu, water or even had someone come by.  He leaves and the head waiter comes by apologizes and explains that he is under staffed.  I can understand that.  He presents us our menus.Now we're still waiting for someone to take our drink order.  I had to flag someone down and it took 35 minutes for a waiter to take our order.They brought the wrong wine but I was afraid to send it back because who knows when they would get another one to us.The food was delicious but all I remember was the lack of service.  They did give us a free dessert but we did not want any.  I rather them comp some portion of the bill than give us more food.I'm not sure if I would go back.  Maybe if I was in the neighborhood but how my date and I were treated left a bad taste in my mouth.
Oh man I love their food. The naan is a bit spicy but is wonderful. I had one of the vegetarian dishes that came with yellow curry and dumplings and it's so great I've ordered it both times that I've been there. The rasmali is also an excellent dessert. The atmosphere is good and I've taken a party of 10 there and it went off very successfully.
Stopped by here because of the ScoutMob 50% deal and because the Yelp reviews seemed decent. Unfortunately, even though the ScoutMob deal details say that the offer should be good for lunch (just not for lunch boxes or buffet specials), the maitre'd informed us that he wouldn't accept the deal even for normal dine-in lunch offers. Given that the restaurant was bare and had only one table filled, this policy should probably be amended.
Have enjoyed the lunch buffet three times.  Consistent tastey affordable food. Yes, I'm a fan.
Came to Nirvana for my friend's birthday dinner.  My friend and I are huge foodies and were very excited after seeing the menu online.  Overall, our experience was a good one, if not an unexpectedly expensive one.  Nirvana is set in a beautiful townhouse with red walls and tasteful decorations.  The downstairs bar was loungey and empty during our trip to the restaurant.  The food was good, not great, but good.  The stars were the lentil and potato puff pasty appetizer and the garlic naan.  We really did not like the grilled chicken entree that the waiter suggested because it had very intense favors that didn't go together.  I wish I could be more descriptive but unfortunetely I can't.
Got take out for one person.  Paid $17 for the blandest Indian food I've ever had.  The interior was nice and they had some band playing that seemed cool at first glance.  Although if you're looking for good food, look elsewhere.
Food is very good.  Service is the BEST!!!  We ordered one appetizer, one side dish, and two entrees.  We were given two additional appetizers and dessert for free.  Service was impeccable.  Would highly recommend!
If you like Indian Food this place is Awesome. if you arrive early they have a nice bar downstairs and on Thursday and Friday they have a live band. The service is what I like the most. Well spoken waiters and if it's your first time they will advise you of a good dish to have. Nice date place  or with a large group of friends. Make reservation if you have a big group.
Great ambiance especially upstairs. Don't let the entrance fool youService was very goodFood was excellent, We usually get delivery from here and so can vouch for the food quality and consistency. Would recommend the+ Desi murg+ Paneer makhanwalaDesserts are tasty as wellWe will be back. It's a neighborhood gem
My husband and I were brought here by our dear friends (we're out of towners) and we spent most of the night at the bar. Service was fantastic. I really wanted to try the food but was still full from dinner so that will have to be saved for another trip.
The food was very good. I've had better Indian food, but what sets them apart is their outstanding service. I really felt like my business mattered to them.
Attentive and very nice waitstaff, Ok food, but very expensive. I've never paid 20 bucks for five chunks of chicken in some sauce before. They do give you a small free appetizer but everything that would usually come with an Indian meal is extra (rice, bread). And the waiters will upsell you at every turn (would that be one order or rice or two? how about two orders of samosas?). All in all, unless you've got $100 lying around I'd skip it and look for better value a bit south in curry hill.
One of the best I have been too in the city.  Fun staff.  nice dining room on the second floor.
Good food. After a long time i got to eat some good chicken. We ordered 2 veg. and 2 non. veg dishes and a couple of appetiser. the chicken as i mentioned was great. they did a good job not to make all the dishes taste the same. the service was great. no complaints about that. The only reason i gave a 4 stars was because the veg food. My colleagues were not impressed by the paneer or the kamal kakdi (lotus stems). definitely give it a try you will like it.
Wow. I'm not an Indian food expert by any means, but Nirvana wins for execution.  The naan was fantastic and my chicken tikka was so moist you didn't need a knife to cut it. Great service and great ambience. I'll def be back on my next NYC trip.
I hate croquettes.  Uniformly, they are disgusting... Dutch-style, French-style, Japanese-style, I find them all gross.  Nirvana made the first croquettes I have ever eaten that was not in fact, totally nasty.  Their lamb and potato croquettes were, in fact, delicious!  Ok, onto the review.  I'm thinking Nirvana has got to be new in town because they certainly have some kinks to work through service-wise, however, they certainly are off to a good start with the food.  Let's just say, we walked into the restaurant's bottom floor to a swarm of angry people awaiting pick up orders/waiting to be seated upstairs with no (seeming) seating time in sight.  Luckily for us, all the angry people left and we were seated within 10 minutes.  Upstairs we still waited quite a while for menus, but that was probably because everyone else in the restaurant was eating the $12.95 lunch buffet.  Once we ordered, things improved.  Nirvana packed some good heat in the gobi manchurian (spicy cauliflower), and the vegetable samosas were tender and scented with cardamom.  The main courses were less impressive, though tasty.  We had the lamb saag, chicken tikka masala, and shrimp vindaloo, with garlic naan and basmati rice.  The naan was particularly good, actually.Another plus for Nirvana was that they served large bottles of Kingfisher and Taj.Overall Nirvana shows great promise and pumps up the otherwise lacking Lexington Ave/Grand Central restaurant scene.
we had a craving for indian food and just walked around the corner from our hotel and right in to Nirvana without even knowing it was there. kismet! good food and generaous portions on the brunch menu. great naan. the only reason not 5 stars is that it's a little bit on the pricey side.hell yeah, you should go!
Ducked into this place on a rainy day because it was close to our hotel and they recommended it, and boy am I glad we did.  (There was another Indian buffet for the same price a couple doors down, glad we walked a litlte further and found this one!)  Had the all you can eat lunch for 12.95.  The dining room was upstairs and it was surprisingly much more ambient than expected.  Food was pretty delicious for 12.95, (but then again I was starving so I may be biased) can't really expect too much for that price especially in NY.  Nothing was spicy which is good for me as Indian food sometimes leaves me with a stomachache (I think it's all the spices they use, but it's so worth it!) but bad for people who may prefer their food with a little more flavor.  There was both na'an, which they brought to our table, and basmati which was available at the buffet.  The only thing that could've made this place better is some free chai tea!
What a place! My mother was in town for something at the UN (She's in the Air Force) and her hotel was near Grand Central. We decided to grab a bite to eat and spotted NIRVANA. I was a little worried because the bar area was empty, HOWEVER upstairs was live with people having dinner. Complimentary appetizers, great wine and the entrees were DELICIOUS. I had mahi mahi and my mother had lamb...DIVINE!!!! The service was impeccable and the BEST wait staff I have had since arriving in New York in 2005. If THIS is how celebs are treated on a regular basis someone GIVE ME A RECORD DEAL NOW! Everyone should have outstanding customer service. In fact the NIRVANA staff could teach A LOT of NY restaurants how to do business.
We headed here on night one of a short business trip in NY. Having recently been to Dosa in San Francisco I think my standards were always going to be high for the next Indian based culinary experience. The food here was good. Not amazing but decent and the service partially made up for where the taste buds were left wanting more. It's very quiet so good for a quiet one to one catch up but not good for groups. If you are having a quiet local Bite during the week you could stumble upon worse places.
This is an Indian restaurant with all the components: great food, service and ambiance. Finding good Indian food with great ambiance is rare. You enter thru a first floor bar and walk up to a really nice dining room, old brick walls, soft lighting, lots of candles and white linens. During our meal 4-5 servers flowed smoothly working in a team to take exceptional care of us, all warm and professional. We recommend the onion mint paranthas, the spicy chicken started, okra raita and lamb vindaloo.
Saag Paneer was much too salty. The other dishes were hit or miss. The service was good.
nice people    nice surroundings    near average food         might go back if there were fewer choices   but in NY that.s  not the case.
While  the service was fantastic, I was definitely disappointed by the taste of the food.  I love Indian food, and I have had amazing Indian food before, but I would not give the food at Nirvana even a C grade.  I ordered a peshwari naan, and the version that they created did not even have raisins/sultanas and almonds, it seemed like they had attempted to shortcut or cheapen the recipe by using sweetened coconut.  I also ordered a goat curry, (sigh), where was the curry?? This seemed more like stewed goat versus goat curry, again another sub-par dish. The meat was overly tough and boney, it seemed again like they had attempted to skimp on ingredients. From some of my previous experiences, the goat is supposed to melt off the bone,  but still retain the earthy goat taste. Unfortunately, I will not be going here again.
A larger bill than expected ,...I got the butter lobster ( a special ) and it was pretty tasty actually. Other people got chicken tikka misala  which was average and then there was also a lamb dish which wasn't that enjoyable. Garlic naan was tasty but everything was similar to the average Indian restaurant and this was about $$$ stars even when split by the group. Don't be sticker shocked, review the menu first.
We went in about 30 minutes before they closed, I hate doing that but we heard this place was great and wouldn't be able to come back. The staff was unreal, we were the only ones there, they waited on us perfectly, Dominic was a completely professional waiter and the food!!! The food! Unreal. Best vegetable samosas I've ever had. If you're looking for a great Indian place with amazing staff, don't pass up nirvana! Can't wait to go back. Thanks Dominic!!
I'm a vegetarian and I ordered the Gobi Manchurian as an appetizer and it was amazing. However, I ordered Paneer Makhni and the Vegetable  Briyani as my main course and I thought it was average. I suggest adding more flavor for your Indian customers.
Trendy without being pretentious, atmospheric and some of the most tasty Indian food I've ever had. I've been here a few times and am never disappointed with any dish I try. I especially loved the Goan chicken I enjoyed last night. They always pack a plethora of flavors in to every appetizer, entrée, bread and dessert! The lounge is perfect for chatting with friends and the upstairs dining room is ideal for a special occasion.No place in the neighborhood can beat this place for value, taste and fun!
Fantastic dinner, perfectly spiced. Great attentive wait staff. Nice variety of vegetarian options as well. Definitely a return visit here!
Excellent food; appetizers in particular were delicious, interesting and large. Lemon scented rice was wonderful. Everything steaming hot. Ample portions. Handy location near Grand Central. Only reason for docking a star is that it seems a bit pricey at dinner ($85 for two with only one drink) and the lamb saag didn't have much lamb. Also you enter and leave through a weird tacky bar. Others report good lunch specials, which I'm eager to try.
I've probably passed by Nirvana every day for the past two years and never gave it a second thought, or the credit it deserves for that matter.  My mom and I were in the area, wanted Indian, but were too lazy to go down to Curry Hill so Nirvana popped in my head.  Don't be fooled by the first floor lounge area (which FYI, serves complementary appetizers from 5-7pm), because the upstairs main dining room is actually really pretty and rustic-looking.We ordered the lamb potato croquettes and paneer tikka as our appetizers, and split an order of navratan korma and onion kulcha (onion-stuffed naan) as our entree.  All the food was delicious.  The croquettes were a little too much potato and not enough lamb in my opinion, but once you taste the meat it's very flavorful.  The panner tikka is basically a giant paneer kebab in tikka spices.  Delicious.  The korma was served piping hot, as was the naan bread.  Both flavorful and perfect.  They also served complimentary Indian cracker-type of bread with three dipping sauces upon sitting down, always a nice gesture.For dessert we decided to share the rasmali, cottage cheese dumplings in a creamy sauce.  The dish tasted very refreshing and you taste notes of cardamom and rosewater.  So good!Nirvana has great prices and a rather large wine selection.  The waiters were very friendly and helpful, though the service was a tad on the slower side though we didn't mind.  We also arrived around 7pm and it wasn't busy just yet, only about half-full.  By 8pm it was filled with people both upstairs and downstairs.  Note to self, never judge a book by its cover.  Nirvana, you are more than what you appear to be.
We really enjoyed the food, very tasty! The place has good ambiance, service is excellent and prices very reasonable. We have been there twice as we liked the food very much! Highly recommend the chicken tikka, the tandoor chicken and the breads with spreads, yummy!!!
I first had the buffet lunch at Nirvana almost ten years ago and I've eaten there on and off since. It is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the entire city. All because of one dish! The Methi Chicken (chicken in a creamy fenugreek sauce). I have never seen it on a menu anywhere else and it's my favorite. Their lemon rice is also incredible. Flavor is fantastic. The service is amazing. Just all around, a good meal. I also love that, at least they used to serve their mango sorbet in a mango peel. They are pricey so it's more of a treat, but well worth it.
I really like this place. The lamb croquettes were very good and so was the Daal. Excellent service from the moment we stepped into the restaurant. I did not have any alcoholic beverages but the cocktail menu looked really good. I will be back.
Went for happy hour to kill a little time waiting for our daughter to arrive to penn station from a trip.We stumbled upon this little gem.The music was soothing and romantic.We sat at the bar and had some vino and apps!Will recommend and try to come back for dinner.
I went for Valentine's Day, and I was surprise they charge for water!! The food didn't have enough seasoning . The portions were small . For the price my fiancé paid , I was expecting better.
I always wondered why Indian restaurants gave small portions, and now I know. After getting their $14 buffet, I felt like I wanted to explode. Food coma for days.The goat curry was delicious, and I could sit there and just eat the warm naan bread all day. The soda is expensive as hell. $3 for a glass of coke is insane. Should've known better though. Everything else was great.
A very nice Indian option in Midtown East, I came by for lunch with a colleague recently and we opted for the $13.95 buffet deal. The restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful and I was surprised at how spacious it was. The first floor serves as a bar, the dining area is located on the second level, and the restroom is located on the basement level.Having very limited knowledge on Indian cuisine, I wasn't sure which dishes were vegetarian friendly and I was especially confused when I got to the end of the spread and couldn't figure out which was the dessert and how to use the condiments. The server was awesome and took his time explaining what I could safely eat and how to use the condiments to make my meal complete. I also really appreciated when he brought out a complimentary basket of Naan when my lunch mate asked whether the buffet offered it, which it didn't.I appreciated how many vegetarian options they had, and I left feeling completely full and satisfied. All in all, an excellent choice for a sit down lunch.
everything was good to very good! buffet style is reasonably priced, would come again!
A big group of us came here for dinner and absolutely loved all of the food. The restaurant brings out these chips to start with various dipping sauces. All of the plates were great from the Gobi Manchurian and Vegetable Samosas to the Chicken Tikka and Saag Paneer. Also, the garlic naan is TO DIE FOR. I could eat order after order of it. The drinks are also great and moderately priced. WARNING: do not open the blue bottles of sparking water sitting on your table. We did when we first arrived because we thought it was regular bottled water. They cost $8 a pop.
I did not know this place existed until about a month ago when my dissatisfaction with the Indian lunch selection in Midtown East motivated to research on Yelp.  Alas, a place that is not overly commercialized and actually has authentic flavors. I have been coming here ever since which is once a week to grab lunch to go.  I usually get the chicken curry and saag lunch special which comes with rice, naan, and raita.  I enjoy how the curry is not too creamy, the saag is light, naan is chewy/fluffy.  I have never had the lunch buffet since I usually don't want a food coma during working hours but it sounds interesting.
It has ok indian food. The only reason to go here is if you want to eat buffet and don't want to walk  far.
If you are an Indian, you gonna despise the food here. They serve bland and tasteless foods, which are anything but Indian. We ordered cocktails and those were equally pathetic. So better to avoid this.
Great food and decent prices.  I was constantly surprised by the leek of service and thoughtful touches they provided during my meal! I recommend the samosas and the chicken Tika masala!
Stopped in early on a Saturday night.  Found good reviews on Yelp, so thought we would try.  I have eaten Indian all over the US and UK...food was good but far from "the best I have ever had".  Yes, it's bit pricey, but the service is great.  Would probably try others in the area before returning.
The weekday buffet was excellent.  The nan bread was among the best I've ever had, and the dal, saag, and fish curry were delicious.  We will go back again when we're in Midtown.
My friend and I went last night after finding Nirvana on opentable.comthe food was incredible, it is a long time since I have had so many good things to say about a new restaurant.  We started with the samosas and and a potato and lamb croquet both were delicious we followed that with chicken Madras and shrimp bhuna I am still dreaming about the dishes!!  The service was a little slow in the beginning but they are only 2 weeks old.  If you are looking for great Indian you need to look no further!
Nice enough Indian restaurant.  The chicken tikka masala was not all that as advertised by other Yelpers -- I found the dish kind of bland and uninteresting.  Rice and naan were good.  Too much ice in the mango lassi.  Salad was limp and included too much onion but otherwise fine.  Classy decor undermined by smell of cleaning fluids.  Service was attentive.
I really like Nirvana a lot.  I've been here a few times for their Lunch buffet and always find it fresh and tasty.  Its a really good value for the quality of food they serve, and the service is good.  They're a sweet group of people, and I always recommend them for Indian in the neighborhood.
Went there today for the lunch buffet.  It was very good - everything was fresh and well seasoned.  Maybe not my favorite Indian food in the city (there is stiff competition!), but it was delicious and a pretty good value ($13 for all you can eat or around $8 for take out) for the neighborhood.  I wanted to eat more but knew I wouldn't be able to get any work done if I did :-)
My girlfriend and I had dinner at Nirvana around 8pm on a Wed. night.  The food was amazing!  We had a chicken dish, a goat dish, and some lentils.  All were incredible.  We had planned to get curry but you'll only find fish curry on the menu.  They did tell us you could order curry off-menu but we decided we'd rather try menu fare and we were glad we did.  The service could not have been more friendly or more attentive.  The chef sent out free tasting portions of an appetizer and a dessert while we were there.  They were both great.  Even the decor was very pleasant.  This ranks among the best restaurant experiences we've had.  I would have ranked it 5 stars but we went in knowing the prices were high and were still surprised when our bill was $100 (included 3 beers).  That said, I suspect we'll go back b/c it really was great.
Casual atmosphere with jazz playing in the background, Nirvana offers an ayce lunch buffet. The Indian fare is authentic and delicious.  My favorite was the curry goat.  As always with good Indian food, there were plenty of vegetarian options.  The service was excellent as the waiters ensured dirty plates were removed quickly and drinks were promptly refilled.
Made a reservation for a Saturday night double date. Hands down, the best indian food I've had in the area. Food came out fast, service was professional and prompt, and the atmosphere was perfect. It was quiet and spacious. Good spot for a family night out or a date.We ordered the chicken tikka Masala, paneer tikka Masala, and the chicken hariyali, onion kulcha, and naan. The chicken was tender and we'll cooked. The gravies were absolutely delicious. The surprise of the night was the chicken hariyali which is chicken cooked with mint and coriander. Absolutely delicious. The bread was soft and warm. The rice was cooked to perfection and soft. Wine selection is good and although it's a bit pricey, it's definitely worth the visit especially on special occasions. Tips: medium spicy is a good level of spiciness for the average person. Spicy chicken tikka Masala is actually very spicy.  Also make a reservation and ask for a corner table upstairs by the window. Will definitely visit again. Fantastic restaurant!!!
Spent a longer time here than intended due to super late friends, but the host was super nice and let me be seated early upstairs to wait for my friends.We ordered the veggie samosas along with the lamb potato croquettes. The veggie samosas weren't really anything special imo, but the lamb potato croquettes were great, perfectly seasoned!I got the tikka masala along with an order of garlic naan and both were amazing. The tikka masala has a great tomato-y sauce and it was actually spicy (a lot of the indian places, for some reason, never put in enough heat even though I always order regular level spicyness). The garlic naan was really fragrant and had huge chunks of garlic on it (which I looove). I was kind of surprised though that the tikka masala didn't already come with rice or naan considering the price.Also had the raspberry mojito - but it didn't have any raspberry taste to it at all? Very strange.Definitely above average Indian food and the bar looked pretty bumpin' on a Friday night. Definitely would stop by again and give the drinks another try.
I have been going to Nirvana for years now. It is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the City at the convenience of Grand Central. There are lot of cheap Indian joints in the City and the competition is very high. Yet, Nirvana has managed to maintain their taste, ambience, reputation and clientele for years. My favorite go to appetizers are the Chicken 65 and Potato Samosas. Chicken 65 does require that tolerance for spicy food, but its drenched in flavors and you would definitely long for more. Their potato samosas are more on the mild side. Despite being fried in oil, they have managed to keep its taste healthy and non greasy. Their complementary Papads are toasted and not fried an I am always a fan of the tamarind chutney they serve the papads with.I have tried thier Achari Mushroom and Lamb Potato Croquettes also from the appetizer section, and wouldn't mind ordering it again. From the Tandoori section, I prefer the Chicken Hariyali. I might be biased on this since I am a lover of Chicken hariyali and do not eat Red Meat. But you should definitely keep your options open since I have seen people around me devour the lamb chops and sheesh kebabs. From the entree section, I have tried the following dishes and I am rating them depending on how much I liked one over the other. Chicken Biryani 4.5/5 - Make sure to order the Medium, the hot nearly killed me the next morning.Madras Chicken 4/5Bhindi Bharwan Masala - 4.5/5Methi Malai Mushroom Matar - 4/5Crab Masala - 5/5Fish Curry - 4.5/5Dal Makhni - 5/5
I wish there was a place to put negative rating. Nirvana doesn't deserve one star. We recently got married on July 10th at this beautiful space called the Foundry in Long Island City. We chose Nirvana since it was the only Indian option approved and we wanted an all vegetarian option. It was not great from the very beginning. Jennifer, co-owner and events manager was late to our first meeting by 20 minutes. It was a lunchtime meeting and it was frustrating to disrupt our workday.She was then going to be so late at the second meeting at the space to discuss layout and services that we ended up canceling it. We were stood up with our space manager at the Foundry who assured us they had dealt with Nirvana before and were reputable.Jennifer verbally quoted us a price and charged us more when she sent the contract. Her reasoning: the vegetarian/mock meet option cost more, which was mentioned at the first meeting when she quoted the price. We also had to order the table, flatware, China rental through her.She came late on the day of the wedding day and things were delayed. Nirvana was in charge of the food and table/plate/etc rental. The ceremony room was still getting set up while guests were arriving. Nirvana staff came in before Jennifer came and had no idea what was going on. Throughout, the staff seemed confused and often interfered with wedding activities. For example, staff was offering us drinks while we were lined up to walk down the aisle.The food quality was good, but presentation and preparation were not. We did not get the items we ordered. Wrong flatware, wrong sized serving bowls. To make it worse, the Food was cold... Not even warm. Actually COLD. They did not bring burners to keep the dinner warm/hot. Dinner was meant to be family style and shared, but the bowls were individual sized, which is usually good for one person and eight people were sharing the bowls. And there was a delay in getting more food for the tables. We ordered cups for coffee and tea and they never served it. They seemed to not have brought it. This was a close to $1k loss of money.Every guest I spoke to agreed that the service was not good and probably the worst service they had ever seen. Food and drinks are the most important part of the wedding and unfortunately everyone will only remember that it was a disaster. We should have changed to someone else after she came late twice and cancelled once.
A friend of mine came to town and wanted to try Indian. I don't each much Indian except for lunch takeout. After some searching I found Nirvana.  Seemed like they had consistently good reviews and I found out why.  Upon arriving, there is a bar and lounge on the ground floor.  The main dining room was upstairs which a nice and welcoming.  The waiter was good and explained different menu items and ranges of heat level.  For starters, we ordered Gobi Manchurian, cauliflower, and veg samosas.  The gobi was excellent and veg samosas were good.  For our entrees, we ordered the Methi chicken which was tender, juicy and flavorful.  Madras chicken was spicy and tender along with the Murg Dahiwala.  The heat levels were just as we described what we could tolerate.  They brought a bowl of rice for the table, but you can order more if that isn't enough.  We ordered plain naan and onion kulcha which were both delicious.  We finished the meal with mango ice cream and tea.  Yum!  The dinning room was nearly full, but they didn't rush us at all.  They let us sit undisturbed until we were ready to leave.  I would definitely go back as there are other dishes I would like to try.
Very good Indian food. I love their sweet cauliflower appetizer (forgot the name). They have a good lunch buffet. I have also eaten dinner there a few times. I would recommend their lamb biryani. It's my go to Indian spot when i'm in the area. Also reasonably priced.
ordered myself a toGO lunch so i can't say much for the ambiance although it seems nicer than your average midtown lunch spotoverall the food was good but nothing special.. maybe i should've ordered a meat curry---Vegetarian lunch box: came with 2 veggie curries...the thicker one was definitely tastier than thinner one (the vegetarian curries rotate daily)... the big lunch box comes with a TON of rice & naan so I was able to make 2 meals out of itnot a bad option for indian food in midtown where there aren't great options
Food was good, nice atmosphere, and friendly and attentive staff. I would recommend to anyone who's never had Indian food before. I don't live in nyc but my first time was a good experience! Ps-The only thing I didn't like was how the restroom was all the way in the basement so you have to walk down 2 flights of stairs. Not ideal if you are in a hurry to run to the restroom after eating Indian lol jk
I've only ordered take out.  And you do really get a ton of food with each dish.  The Dahl Makhni is fantastic.  Loads of rice - enough to feed a village.
Went for dinner $100 for 2 people food was just average - I have no idea how they are Zagat rated
Went there for lunch. Really good Indian buffet food. Their samosas were better than average, the tandoori chicken was one of the best I have had, same for their saag paneer. Overall great experience. Would certainly recommend to any Indian food lovers.
This place is a gem, the staff are wonderful, and the manager cannot have been more accommodating.  We were treated like VIP from the moment we walked in until the time we left.  I requested an entree that was not in the menu that I needed to get modified for my palate, and it was presented to perfection!  The dessert was the perfect end to the perfect meal.  The dish portions was enough to share, and we finished the rice, but we were so full, that we needed to take home the leftovers. It was not an option to leave it there to be thrown out! When we got home later that evening, I was putting each leftover box in the refrigerator, I noticed they gave us more rice to go with the leftovers.  This is such a special place.  We do not live in NY, but I will spread the word about Nirvana and how awesome the team and leadership are.  We had dinner there April 2, 2017.  Thank you for such a lovely meal and hospitality.
Butter chicken is not on the menu, ask the server and they will be more than please to make the dish for you. Butter chicken is a common dish on the menu in Canada. So, I highly recommend you try the butter chicken if you haven't. We also ordered the shrimp vindaloo-- spicy and deliciouy good-- lentil soup, naan bread and basmati rice. More than Plenty for two people. Great service and very friendly server. Well worth trying the butter chicken here if you haven't!
A restaurant that lives up to its name!!Best Indian food I have had though I am far from an Indian food expert.Garlic naan was delicious.  So good that we ordered a chicken naan afterwards -- not nearly as good as the garlic.Entrees of sweet and sour eggplant and the cauliflower dish were absolutely delicious!I always thought this place was some sort of lounge.  Walk in and it looks like a weird one, but go upstairs to the nice dining area with beautiful peach roses everywhere. One place in Murray Hill area I will definitely return to!
Had a meal at Nirvana on a Monday evening with a group of 5. We ordered different dishes and they were all delicious. Restaurant staff was friendly and attentive.
Quite a nice surprise in the midst of so many choices.  Lamb curry was very nice,  well seasoned, and just the right level of spice.
A lunch buffet made me apprehensive because I have had many an Indian buffet in the Atlanta area with the standard yellow, green and orange curry but this is one of the best lunch buffets I have had in North America. There's was a limited selection of 7-8 items against the typical 20 odd but each one of them was delicious and very well made. A gem of a place.
One of the best Indian lunch buffets I have ever had. And I am VERY picky about my Indian food. There was a very nice variety of dishes, ranging from a kind of make-your-own samosa chaat to Goan fish curry. The sauces each tasted different, which was a nice surprise, although all spicing was extremely mild. Don't going looking for hot vindaloo. What I really loved was that there were some unusual dishes that don't usually appear on a standard buffet, such as a South Indian squash curry with coconut and mustard seeds and a green daal. The saag was a nice mix of greens instead of the creamed spinach-type saag I am used to encountering. And in addition to the usual rice pudding, there was a really good halawa. Naan was nice and fresh. The space itself is just lovely. I meet a friend for lunch in the area every other week and we will be making Nirvana part of our regular rotation.
Great food, great service for dinner.  Had kofta and bhindi.   Can't complain about any of it.
The good:  tandoor chicken; it comes with a great tomato/yogurt sauce.The bad: $18 for Tikka Masala that's mediocre at best.  Double charged for rice (only a $8 discrepancy) but still, meh.
Went here after the new year.... Kind of empty for a Fri. Night. We sat upstairs party of 5! Dark and intimate, candlelight kind of dinnerFood was good, large portions! They were rushing us because they wanted to close but we took our time until they started leaving and closing up!!!!
I would say come here if you don't mind taking an hour+ lunch break. I usually come here for special occasions (coworker's birthday for example) so time isn't as much of a big issue but if you have just an hour and you called to get a reservation and are told to just walk-in, you wouldn't expect getting there and ending up waiting nearly 20 minutes for a table. I mean, it's probably not their fault if they didn't expect all the tables to fill up by the time you get there but don't say the wait will be 5 minutes. At the very least, maybe offer a glass of water maybe? They have a bar on the ground floor so that would've made up for the wait. The lady on the phone should've mentioned that reservations were all filled up instead of making it sound like small parties can walk-in.Anyway, the spice levels of the chicken tikka masala sauce is a little inconsistent. I'm sensitive to spicy food so sometimes I'll go and the sauce is mild but today it was more on the medium side. Luckily, that's the most spice I can handle but I had to down 4 pieces of naan and a ginger ale. The goat meat tray was not refilled so my coworker was a little disappointed about that. The wait staff said it would only be a few minutes but it never got filled during our time there. The chicken was tender and the samosas were just okay.Next time, make a reservation anyway or call before you head there to find out how long the wait will be.
Found this gem after being referred by the shelburne hotel. The food was delightful and the service was attentive without being intrusive.
Decent indian restaurant with a good selection of dishes. Service is ok. Would recommend the buffet over menu dishes
Came here with a friend and we were seated on the second floor. We both had Korma curry dishes. I got vegetable korma and my friend got duck korma. We had naan too- the taste was good... decent!! It was a great time and it was a very peaceful environment. It would be good for a date night too.
Completely addicted to this place. The food is amazing, the ambiance is not bad either, and its further uptown so it doesn't kill half my lunch hour walking to and fro, which is not so easily too when your belly is full of buffet.The price is right, I just need to limit this sorgasborg to once every other month. Once can way to used to this kind of goodness. Service is also very on point. The tandoori chicken is outstanding!
Nirvana has a pleasant ambience many Indian restaurants lack. Dining is upstairs in a cozy yet spacious dark room. Our service was friendly. The Kingfisher could have been chilled a little more completely. Time from order to table was longer than expected. The chicken tikka masala was spiced right and the bowl of basmati was ample for two. While it was certainly good, it was not exceptional. That this dining room was nearly full on a Tuesday night was a sign that Nirvana is a destination.
Average at best. Went there for dinner. The chicken tikka did not taste good at all. Garlic Naan was not cooked well. Service was questionable-it took them a while to get me water and also I had to wave over the server a couple of times. Nope - average food, poor service, great decor. I will not repeat.
Cool atmosphere both bar and restaurant. I think the Crab Masala is a very unique and delicious dish.
The food & drinks suck. We ordered Lashooni lamb saag that was awfully bad.  The paneer tikka was way expensive compared to the quantity. The keema naan was too smelly. The mojito tasted so BITTER that if you blindfold someone & ask to drink it, he may guess it is bitter gourd juice. I never tasted such a bitter mojito in my life before. When we told them about the mojito, they changed it, but it was another glass of equally bitter mojito. I doubt they changed the mojito. We couldn't drink the mojito at all. If you really want to have good Indian food u better not visit this restaurant.
Much like 'heaven', I had always thought of 'nirvana' as a concept, an idea, a transcendent state of being, but no, apparently it is a restaurant in Midtown Manhattan, on Lexington between 39th and 40th. The storefront makes this place look a little hokey, but really, Nirvana is a class act. We had a reservation for 9 PM on Friday which may or may not typically be needed; there were certainly some empty tables, but the room started to fill up as we dined.There is a bar on the first floor, and the dining area is upstairs on the second. It's a nice, dim-lit atmosphere for a date, although there were some really loud groups there as well. The menu is huge and we wanted to try something new, so we ordered based on recommendations from the waiter. He was spot-on. The lamb and potato croquettes were amazing, but it was the Madras Chicken that really blew me away. I think this may have been the best Indian dish I've ever tasted, and I've been to India. The spice level was about medium, but certainly not too spicy to take away from the flavors. The aftertaste was tasted of a mild, pleasant spice, though I couldn't figure out what it was, exactly. Maybe the coconut oil? We had sides of naan and tomato rice, too. Neither were standouts, but they were just fine for sopping up the rest of the madras sauce.I also ordered a saffron bellini, which sounded like a unique drink. However, it basically just tasted like a glass of champagne. I did see one saffron thread, but it had floated to the top and I couldn't really avoid swallowing it right away, so that was that.I would definitely return to try out some of their other dishes.
This place is very good. I would recommend and I would eat there again. I read a number of the reviews and I have to say they were not very helpful.Bottom line: arrived at 8:30pm, ordered about 8:45. Food on table by 9:10pm. we ordered lots: tikka, tikka massala, vindaloo, aloo gobi, lamb chops, biryani plus a few other items. All well prepared. properly spiced.
delicious! will order again before I leave NYC:)thanks to the chef. great job. you have a new fan from California
Prompt delivery. As stated in other reviews a bit pricey and chicken tikka masala was very average.Would also like to see mint sauce and onion chutney for papadoms.
Went to Nirvana on a date night with the gf. Awesome place for a date. Great ambiance and not too loud or crowded. Well lit and great atmosphere for a romantic sit down dinner. Food was awesome. Asked the waiter if they had a particular dish and said it isn't on the menu but they will gladly make it for us (Curry Chicken). Well portioned dishes and not a long wait at all for the food. Prices were very reasonable considering portions. Highly recommend.
I LOVE this place.Food was amazing. Service was even better. They are very friendly and sweet.Decor is classy and romantic flower and candle light on the each table.When We went there, no crowded so they let us to have very relax and cozy dinner.I definately highly recommend especially for a date.I will try thier lunch buffet next time. Can't wait to come back.
4/10Came here after work with co workers. Ordered a ton of food family style.Agree with Jennifer G and Takako K, the staff were friendly and very sweet.The food was good, but nothing spectacular. I am giving it a lower rating because of the lamb vindaloo. The lamb was overcooked and the meat was tough to chew. I was disappointed. I also like spicy food, but the vindaloo became harder to eat because of the spice. Garlic naan and chicken tikka masala were good. If you are an indian restaurant and can't do these two things, then you shouldnt be open. We asked for one of the chicken tikka masala to be hot, and boy was it hot. be aware that even if you like spicy food, when you ask for spicy here, you will get it SPICY.Nice atmosphere, properly trained wait staff, but the food was average.There are a lot of quality Indian restaurants in NYC to choose from. Not sure if I would pick this one over the rest.
Best Saag ever.   (you can taste the fat for sure but sooooo good).The chickpea dish (vegetarian section) was so-so.I would come back because I feel like most Indian restaurants have amazing dishes and then good ones and this was on the side of better than other Indian places.On a side note, the restaurant has a romantic vibe which I have never really felt in an Indian restaurant.  It's dimly lit  upstairs and has soft light.  Weird when you are not expecting it.
I'm giving it a 2 because I thought the staff was friendly and very sweet, but the food wasn't what I was hoping for. My friend and I walked in on a rainy Saturday afternoon at 2pm. We actually thought it was closed because no one was inside, but saw the positive Zagat ratings so decided on trying it.We were seated upstairs, where we saw 4 other people (guessing it was a slllooww day). We each got a Bellini that was brought to us by a waiter that said the drink was so beautiful like the two beautiful women drinking it - (He secured his tip with this one). The drink wasn't good..For starters we tried :* Gobi Manchurian (scallops)- lacked flavor and were slightly warm It needed a little more seasoning because they were rather plain.* Fish (can't remember the name and the online menu doesn't have it). Only thing that was hot (temperature wise). It was like having fried fish sticks. Just Ok* the spicy Cauliflower dish- Normally I like this, but it had way too much breading.Main dishes* Tandoori Vegetables- Ample amount of food- ideal for sharing. Good taste. Actually took some home and it tasted rather good cold as well.*Chicken Korma- Ehhhh..I was expecting rich flavors because of the supposed cashew paste, but no nutty flavor broke through. It had too much tomato sauce that shadowed the other flavors.When we left we saw a couple of the employees with their feet propped up on the table and texting. Like I said I figured it was a slow day, but jeez guys you don't want to show that to customers. I wouldn't go back just because I know NYC has a lot of quality Indian restaurants that I much rather frequent.
Food arrived freezing cold -- like the naan bread tasted like it was pulled out of the refrigerator. When I called, they said they sent it a half hour ago and then complained that I was too far for delivery (to Times Square).Delivery took 2 hours. I would recommend avoiding this place.
If a restaurant has professional staff willing to accommodate suggestions, or correct mistakes, I say they are A-OK. Yes the interior doesn't feel very clean but it has a very authentic ambiance. The food is good enough. And the view of the park makes it a treat. I look forward to going back and seeing how they are doing there.
Think there are better hole in the wall Indian restaurants in the city. This was a bit overpriced. The downstairs was closed when we went on a Sunday night. Dining room upstairs was cozy and nice. Ordered the chicken Tikka Masala and it was pretty good. Some. Of the chicken seemed a bit overcooked. Don't think it was worth the money. About $20 for my dish. My husband ordered the vindaloo and enjoyed it. They never came to refill my coke either. The Naan bread was good and the table next to us ordered samosas which looked and smelled really good!
The only pros of this restaurant are location and ambience. Me n my wife had gone for lunch buffet and the quality of food and options for vegetarians was pathetic. They just had couple of curries that too of low quality. Can't think of any dish which was even eatable. Not sure how or why it has 4stars.
Great drinks, great food, great ambiance!You can't go wrong here. The food is very tasty. I have sampled just about everything on the appetizer menu, the chicken tikka masala and the naan. All is very good and full of flavor. The drinks are made prefectly and the bartenders/ servers are all very friendly and accomodating, Great place for a date or just to meet up with a few friends. Unless its a speed dating night, then it may get a little loud if your looking for something low key and quiet.
I came here on a date Fri night with a reservation (not necessary but recommended). The atmosphere is just right with candles, well dressed tables, and an overly polite waitstaff. Just note that the dining area is upstairs and bathrooms are downstairs so if you need an elevator, this place won't work for you. We found this place to be a gem in the area considering we haven't been to any other Indian place like this near Grand Central. Overall we thought the food was good although the menu wasn't extensive for vegans. There's 1 main dish option and a few sides (we did that) but not anything else. It's not the best Indian we've ever had but it was really good, we had no complaints, we just wish it was better. The atmosphere was really nice and despite having almost all the tables full it never got loud.
Came here for lunch buffet on a Friday afternoon around 12:30. The buffet was $13.95 a per person. Food selection was good, I usually only get the chicken tikka masala or goat curry which they had both so I was happy. They gave us more naan when we finished ours and they're naan tasted better than most other indian restaurants I've been too. And I liked their mango mousse. Also I added the wrong total amount after tip but they charged the correct amount in my credit card so at least they're honest. I will be returning for their lunch buffet in the future.
Average indian fare, overpriced but I guess that's New York. The paneer is hard and the kaali dal is bordering on inedible.The 3 stars is for the malai chicken which was cooked well and the desi chicken wasn't bad.The staff and service however is really good,which sadly does NOT compensate for the bad food!
Came her with friends on a Monday night with a groupon. Very chill and laid back. The groupon didn't exclude anything so we got steaks which was nice. Nice decor.
I've never actually been to the restaurant but I have ordered delivery a couple of times. The food is REALLY good!Yesterday, we ordered one of their lunch box specials - paneer tikka masala and baingan bharta... both items were very tasty! I also ordered a reshmi kabab entre and I thought it was FANTASTIC!Overall, my wife and I really enjoyed our meals and I'm 100% certain we will be ordering from Nirvana several times going forward.. you should too!!
Yummy!   I mean, not the best indian food ive had for sure, and the sign is ugly and the place has a strange night-club ambiance as you pass through the downstairs bar area to the lunch buffet above .... but what a bargain!  There was ample variety in the buffet, some of the dry items were overdry and ho hum but the moister things like curry were really great and there was a lot of deliciousness going on my plate.   I certainly wouldnt pick this place for a date (or anywhere midtown for that matter) but with a friend this is a perfectly lovely midtown lunch adventure, yummy buffet.
Throw a banquet party like we did, talk to Anil for all your special occasions , food and service are wonderful...and I'm a world traveler, this place is legitimately yummy...get the cauliflower
I dined there and their Matar Paneer was the worst I have ever had in a restaurant. I could tell that they use cheap ingredients and it left me with an awful aftertaste. The naan was not even properly cooked. My friend ordered a Vegetable Biriyani and he barely ate 3 spoons before he felt full and bloated. Towards the end, I ordered a "masala tea" and it was little more than a tea bag with some awful masala powder mixed in. Not only is their food such poor quality, they are also more expensive than some other restaurants. Take my advice, there are plenty of other Indian restaurants in Manhattan that serve better quality food at the same price point.
After noticing all of the endorsements for chicken tikka masala, I couldn't deny myself the opportunity, and it was very enjoyable. Not out-of-this world, but probably the 2nd best CTM I've ever had.Even better, however, was the hari shrimp.It was the bomb (and its steep price was reflective of the premium you pay).
Nirvana has absolutely delicious Indian food, beautiful decor and ambiance, and great service. My two friends and I used their scoutmob deal and got $15 off which was nice. We ordered a ton of food - 2 servings of vegetable samosas (2 each), one lamb naan, chicken tikka massala, lamb vindaloo, tea, and rasmalai. We enjoyed everything except the rasmalai (worst dessert ever don't get it). Our bill came out to ~$95 but I think it was worth it for the feast we ordered! Only bad thing was that for the majority of the night, the restaurant was pretty empty and I wish it was more crowded. Other than that, we had a great time :) Jai ho!
We had the tikka masala, biryani rice with shrimp, naan, and to top it off pistachio ice cream! Delicious food, a bit pricey. But they serve lunch for 12.95 a 16-course buffet.
The food is above average (3.5/5) and the lunches to go are a great deal.Unfortunately, they have one person seating people during lunch AND handling take-out order duties. The girl at the front ignored me for 5 minutes- then said something softly and disappeared for another 5 minutes. I had paid via seamless and she said I needed to sign the receipt- but first she took another 5 minutes to seat people upstairs before she would hand me my receipt. I'll order again- but only delivery- 15+ minutes to wait to sign a receipt is absurd.
Good food, nice dining area, buffet is $13.99 per person, which is great at this location and with great services! I will recommend it for group lunch and little formal hang outs.
Food came out fast, service was professional and prompt, and the atmosphere was great. I have had the chicken 65 appetizer, garlic naan, Lamb Potato Croquettes, and chicken tikka Masala. all are fantastic. really glad I tried this place out.
Upscale decor. They offer a $14 lunch buffet and serve naan to the table. The day that I went (Tuesday) they had tandoori chicken, curried goat and curried fish (tilapia?) but limited vegetarian options (maybe three such dishes). There were a few salad items that did not look fresh at all. Some items ran out and they did not replenish them (this was during a peak lunch period - 12:30 pm to 1:30 pm). I would not return.
A cute little restaurant that at first glance looks quite small and underwhelming, but opens up slightly into a very nicely decorated, though dark place.  In addition to the downstairs there is an upstairs, though I didn't get to see it as it was closed for a private event when I went there.We started with some samosas and a cauliflower appetizer that was not what I expected, but really good!  I can't seem to find it on the menu on the website, but it was basically cauliflower in a red sweet sauce.  We then got Chicken Hariyali (roast chicken breast) with some poori and tomato and cheese naan.  Everything was very good and quite filling.The only bad part of the evening was the service.  I think the problem roots from the fact that they have put a few too many tables down there.  Because of this none of the waiters could even get to us in the back corner once the restaurant filled up!  I even had to stand up, walk over, and reach over another patron just to get handed the bill!  This same issue also caused us to not get refills on water, or the offer of more wine (which we would have probably taken).
Nirvana is not my fav Indian digs but its most definitely my favorite Indian lunch spot despite the watered-down side dishes. Flavors are good and the service is exceptional. I typically do one round of everything served in the buffet because I like variety. I typically overpay for this experience because the pricing is geared to those that will make multiple passes at the buffet. IN other words they make (on a percentage basis) booku-bucks on me. That's ok becuase inlike any other Indiand restaurant buffet I've visted Nirvana includes chicken tika malsala!
ServiceWe asked to sit at corner table and they said it was reserved for 4 people. A few minutes later two people came and were seated at the same table. Food Was good but being in manhattan with so many choices I would think about going back.
A friend of mine took me to Nirvana a few months ago and took my girlfriend here yesterday cerebrating our 1 year anniversary. As expected, the food was amazing. I had the lamb shank and she had the chicken tandoori. Portion size got me lunch for to today too. #allsmilesService: Waiter was completely disconnected. No help on ordering our entrees. After entree did come. We never saw him again. On leaving walking down-stairs, we saw him coming up from the bar (and he saw us), and still no communication... like a "bye." Unreal. Food is great, staff needs S E R I O U S  training.
Had the chicken curry lunch box for 8.95. It was mediocre. The curry was not creamy at all, it was watered down almost like a soup. I can make better chicken tikka masala at home by myself. Garlic naan was ok, nothing special. 3 stars maximum
Had a craving for Indian food and read the reviews on this place and decided to check it out. My party sat upstairs by the window and the whole place had a clean, relaxing ambience. Service was very friendly if not a little slow. The garlic naan was delicious and cooks to perfection but the chicken tikka masala and goat curry were just mediocre which is why I docked a star.
One of my friends recommended this place for dinner and it's a place worth visiting again and again! A lot of people have already mentioned that it's the perfect date spot and I couldn't agree more. From the dim lights to the cute fireplace over looking the street below, the ambiance really can set the mood.Of course the food matches the spot! Definitely order the chicken 65 because it's one of the best in manhattan and that's saying something.It is on the pricer side, on par with utsav but I would say it's worth it.
Great food! Girlfriend took me here to dinner and we ordered two entries. Food was amazing. We had the cheese and tomato naan as a side, cheesy and delicious. It wasn't as busy when we got there which was nice.
I went there for my birthday and the food was very good. Chicken tikka masala was excellent and very tasty. I also enjoyed the cocktails they offered. My group got raspberry mojito, mango moksha and karmic berry. I got the karmic berry which has citrus vodka and an assortment of fruit juices. It was very tasty and I will definitely visit there again.
My God is this place over priced for Indian and quality. Had the chicken 65 appetizer which was good but u can tell it's one of those after thought appetizers covered in a sauce to make it different than the other say 3 chicken tikka items they offer. The shrimp appetizer was okay but I was wondering what the Indian influence was? Bc it was just shrimps deglazed in white wine eh. Chicken tikka stuffed naan was okay not overly flavorful certainly a side item. But I did really enjoy the saffron champagne and the ambiance so the stars are really for those reasons. So many Indian restaurants on Lexington ave / Murray hill there are better and cheaper options. FYI bill with these items and 2 drinks $90. Pricey
Excellent ! Spent the day in NYC and was craving some Indian spicy fare. Decided on a more than just casual place. So glad to give this restaurant a chance. Very nice atmosphere and we were seated upstairs. Decided I wanted a variety of tastes so ordered small plates or starter sized plates. The cucumber yogurt with mint, paneer tandoori, yellow lentils or Dahl, samosas, and the caramelized onion layered naan. everything was brought out together after starting with a crisp like tortilla with delicious pickled onions, chutney and a spicy sauce. Each treat was better than its accompanying plate. The food was fresh, piping hot and savory. The use of spice and the level of heat were exactly as I ordered and expected. This was purely a divine experience for my palette. The service was attentive but not overbearing and the atmosphere was great. Definitely enjoyed this gastric delight !
Great atmosphere, great service. Food was fantastic: Samosa and Gobi Manchurian are good appetizers and the Lamb Korma served as my entree. I was stuffed at this point but still managed to scarf down a Pista Malai Kulfi (pistachio ice cream) as desert. It was sweeter than what I was used to but a nice touch at the end of a meal.
Went For Lunch On A Monday With Some Ex-Coworkers. Upon Entering, Dim Lounge Like Entrance Interior, With A Beautiful Bar On The Left Side Of The Main Floor.  We Were Immediately Greeted And Escorted Upstairs To The Main Dining Area.  The Room Was Brightly Lit With Beautiful, Tasteful Decor.  Our Waiter (Who Was Great By The Way), Immediately Took Our Order And Poured Our Waters.  The Food Was Delicious Considering We All Ate From The All You Can Eat Buffet ($12.95).  Definitely Thumbs Up!
Maybe SF is better and my standards are too high?Thought this was just meh.After Amber India's buffet (Union Square SF), this is a joke.The eggplant dish was unpalatable.CTM was runny and flavorless.Best was tandoori chicken.Also $3 for 1 diet coke in a small glass -- no thank you.
*Mobile Review*Came here cause I had a $25 off $40 RelishNYC couponDecor: 3.5/5-Dim lighting for a more romantic settingService: 3.5/5-Service was above average.Food Presentation: 5/5Taste: 5/5-Paneer Makhanwala-this was absolutely delicious!!-Chicken Tikka Naan-didn't really taste the chicken but this was yummy-Lamb Naan-The lamb was thinly sliced and tasted great.-Fried Rice- average tasting rice-???- I can't remember the name of this dish but it had chicken in a red sauce (and spicy). I have one more RelishNYC coupon and now I'm wishing I had purchased more!
Came here on my way back to the office. I WAS craving Indian, but didn't really think it was going to be anything wowing.I got the chicken Tandoori combo. Most times when I eat Indian the meats are overcooked/dry, but the chicken was tender and juicy. The flavors were just on point, not greasy, or anything like that.Co-worker got the vegetarian and she seemed to be extremely happy with hers.The portion was more than satisfying (though a bit part of that has to do with the big portion of rice and naan). I just wish this place was closer--but I will try to come in for the buffet sometime soon.I'm a fan.
This restaurant seemed pretty small but it had a very nice dim atmosphere that made it irrelevant. My friend and I were quickly seated even at dinner time and were then promptly brought water as well as a free appetizer. We ordered a rice dish each and split the Chicken 65 which was a very large portion for one person. It was spicy and very delicious. The waiter was friendly and the overall service was great. We had a nice experience there after a long day and want to return to try some other dishes. From what we had, Nirvana has authentic Indian food. The best part, both of us came out stuffed and it only cost a total of $18!
I ordered Chicken Vindaloo which is popular Indian menu almost every Indian restaurant has, but I never had sour Vindaloo like theirs. I felt something is wrong. My boyfriend didn't like his curry, too. However, ambiance was good, and they sometimes have live music on the second floor. It may be good for drink to enjoy the ambiance and music, but not for serious Indian eat.
The first thing you notice as soon as you walk in is how dimly lit the restaurant is, the place has great ambience for a date but maybe not for a dinner with friends. The food was good, it's a little on pricier side but the portion sizes are pretty decent and most of our dishes were delicious. I would recommend Raj kachori among the appetizers, the kachoris weren't oily, and the lentil toppings were great. The channa masala we ordered as a side dish came with undercooked chick peas. Service was attentive and friendly, but they brought out the entrees a good ten minutes before bringing the breads, so it was a little annoying to have to wait.
I've been to and have ordered out from Nirvana several times, but this past holiday weekend I visited the restaurant with my sister and her kids. I have to say, most Indian people living in NYC have restrictions going to Indian restaurants because we know the service can be pretty awful and the food may not live up to our expectations. However, Nirvana totally beats the standards by going above and beyond. The service was great - they were very accommodating given that we had children and even provided sippy cups with straws for the kids! With regards to the food, it was beyond exceptional. We ordered the Madras Chicken, Paneer Mahanwala, and Malai Kofta. Most of the time, when you order these dishes at a different Indian restaurant, you'll likely get three dishes with comparable red/orange looking sauces... and yes, the sauces taste similar. At Nirvana, each of the sauces was unique and complex in it's their own ways. The Malai Kofta is sweeter than the traditional malai koftas that my mom makes, but it was my favorite dish by far! The paneer was delicate and flavorful. The Madras Chicken was awesome... spicy just the way we like it! Overall, the meal hit the spot like it has in the past. I have to commend them for being so patient and helpful when it came to a large group with two children below the age of 5.
Checked reviews for a good Indian on a summer Saturday night after a long day of shopping during visit to NYC.  Combined with being walking distance to our hotel, settled on Nirvana and glad we did.  All tables are upstairs so not good for mobility impaired persons, but we were OK. First ones there at 6 pm but it filled quickly. First course of Gobi Manchurian, a fried cauliflower that was flavorful and delicious, plenty for 2 to share.  I had the chicken tikka masala and daughter had the channa masala - both excellent choices.  Opted for the puffed whole wheat roti which looked like a balloon when served and fun to eat - better than filling up on naan. Enjoyed this restaurant and would definitely return - couldn't find any reason to deduct a star, so it gets my 5-star rating.
Good food, courteous staff. Samosas, for some reason, weren't the ideal appetizer while I was growing up. It was 'Gobi Manchurian' if you're a vegetarian and 'Chicken 65' for my non vegetarian friends. Surprisingly, this place has both the items on their menu and they taste really good. All in all, good first impression.
Waiter was pleasant but he was better than the food. It was soooo expensive, the Naan was separate as well as the rice for just chicken for $13? Woah, that's pricey and it was not that big of a deal either for flavor. I was really disappointed in this place, we were visiting from Florida and we never had this happen over there. The upstairs was very small although pretty. Bathrooms were clean but no thanks.
I came with three friends on a late Friday night. Upon entering, it looked like an empty bar but the restaurant portion was upstairs. The decor was fancy and modern. Dark lighting and red walls made the environment very ambient. We shared an appetizer of Gobi Manchurian (crispy cauliflower), a plate of biryani (a combo of vegetables and meat with basmati rice), and Fish Moilee (fish and spices in coconut milk). I actually thought the starter was fried chicken. The biryani was well made - the spices really soaked into the rice.
Some really good Indian food in a nice place with good service. A bit off the beaten path, my saag paneer was less saucy and less spicy than I am used to, but delicious all the same. The okra was the tastiest I've ever had. Really good samosa and naan, too
Nirvana's ambiance is perfect for a date. I came here with family but it was still a nicer than normal Indian place. This also goes along with prices... I expected the rice to come with the curry you order but they charge $4 for white rice and $6 for tomato rice along with the $17 curry!! Nonetheless, I enjoyed everything we ordered:Chicken tikka masala: just enough spice to eat all of it and not have my nose running.Chicken dahiwala: a non-spicy curry, was much lighter in flavor than any other curry I've had but still good. The vegetarian option/spinach curry with tofu: has very powerful slivers of ginger on top that I could have been without and also it wasn't as creamy as the ones I'm used to eating. The garlic naan!!! it's warm and chewy goodness I could eat for days. Oh and they serve the chip with three dips when they seat you. We had some communication issues with the wait staff but he was nice in general and gave me food suggestions which I always love to hear about. I went on a Tuesday night at 8pm and it was not busy at all. There's also a nice looking bar under it that I might check out if I'm in the area again.
Nice date place since it was quiet enough to talk. We sat at the bar and had some small dishes to share. The chicken and samosas were good. Wine was nice. Service was excellent. Price was comparable to other places in the area.
Somewhat taken aback by the B sanitation grade, we forged ahead anyway based on Yelp reviews.  The place is nicely laid out with a brick wall decor, and was packed for lunch when we arrived.  We passed on the buffet, which looked tasty although full of items we've had before; we wanted something different (and vegetarian).  We asked for papadum, and the dips served with it were richly flavored.  Mango chutney was perfectly made, with a nice balance of sweet and savory.  The dal mahkni with black lentils was deeply flavored and rich- absolutely terrific.  The okra dish was superb, with grilled/roasted-tasted okra and onions.  Breads were all well made, and we didn't leave a morsel.  Service was a bit hit or miss, with long stretches without seeing him.  He also tried to push dishes on us before even knowing what our preferences were.  Still, this was a very good Indian restaurant, with a cozy decor and terrific dishes!
The food is great and I was about to become a regular here. Unfortunately I found hairs in the rice today when I went for lunch. When I informed the server he simply took away the rice bowl and handed me my check.  Wonder how clean and sanitized their kitchen would be. Instead of genuinely apologizing the server was trying to hide away from me and kept me waiting for a very long time for check. I would have appreciated an apology and would recommend to see before you put any morsel of food in mouth from this filthy kitchen.
I've been here several times, and always enjoyed my food.  They used to have certain items on their menu that set them apart from other Indian restaurants for their individuality, such as crab seekh kebabs and crab fritters in a chick pea flour and yoghurt based curry, but they have discontinued offering those items.  The stewed rabbit is cooked in a very tasty sauce.  Everything I have tasted here has been very good, and I will not say much about the other, more common dishes because I would just be repeating what other reviewers have already said.
Live just a couple of blocks away from this place. They have consistently really good indian food. Love having this place in the neighborhood. The butter chicken is amazing!
Great experience: Good selection buffet; tasty dishes; friendly staff; nice decor. Will be back.
Don't let the downstairs bar-appearing entrance fool you.  The restaurant upstairs is very nicely decorated and spacious.  However, don't let the other overinflated food reviews fool you either.  The Indian food was below average.  I don't knock it any worse than that because it was acceptable.  With so many amazing Indian restaurants down in The 20's blocks, I'd skip Nirvana.  Tikka Masaka lacked flavor.  I asked for hot sauce on the side and I was charged for it.  Give Pipalli on 26th and Lex a try instead.
This is a really nice place for business meeting or celebrations..but i could not see it as a regular only cause its on the pricier side. Otherwise, the food is amazing we had channa masala, chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan. The service excellent..maybe a little too good as they apologized after every request (might be an Indian hospitality thing). If you love great food..you must try this restauarant...but if your pocketbook is a factor..there are many other indian options to try in NYC.
I've only done the lunch buffet here and take out and both have been very good!  Their lunch buffet is AWESOME and delicious!  For 12.95 it's a steal for what you get!Today there was chicken tikka masala, goat curry, saag paneer, 2 types of dahl, a chickpea dish, a vegetable curry, a variety of chutneys and condiments and dessert.  Plus you get unlimited baskets of warm naan at your table as well!  Score!Service is very warm and attentive and not pushy at all.
Ordered takeout- great food. It was a bit pricey but the portion size more than made up for it. Would definitely eat food from these guys again.
We were pleasantly surprised with our impromptu lunch. It was lunch time on Saturday & there wasn't a huge crowd. The space is open, airy and bright. Bar downstairs. Restaurant upstairs. Our lunch was fabulous. The Chicken Tikka was light and tasty with large chunks of chicken in mild sauce. The Gobi Aloo (cauliflower & potato) was especially flavorful. Add Nan, Papadam and rice - we were all set. The meal, with tip and no drinks was $37 PP. We felt the prices were slightly high but worth it. The service was great. Very attentive staff.We would definitely go back.
Oh hell yea.  12.95 buffet with 16 dishes to chose from. Do the math.. that's less then a dollar per dish.I don't even know where to start....First of all... this place is clean.. and the service is great.  They were pretty good about taking my old plate away when i would go up to the buffet for seconds... Water re-fills were spot on.  nice ice cold water.Table napkins....comfy inside...good chiken vindaloo.good everythingNice buffet trays.  Open and close easy.. no bumbling tops to deal with.. these babies just slide open and closed.I got first run on the lunch buffet at 11:30!!!leave extremely full and happy.
Beyond expectation. Great Indian food with quite and chill environment. The chicken, num and rice are all pretty good. Recommend!
I had my food delivered to my hotel while on a business trip. It arrived hot and within 20 min. I was very happy with the service and food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, cauliflower vindaloo (forgot the name) the plain naan and basmati rice. The chicken was cooked just right, creamy and spicy just as I requested. The veggie dish was also nice and al dente-- not mushy. This was probably one of the best I've had - and I've eaten this food all over the U.S. and the world. Highly recommend.
Hi I came here for the first time and had a vegetarian lunch buffet. There was one vegetarian starter followed by three sides and a rice the food was good I felt it was little blunt. There were two desserts to finish which were average. $15 for a buffet is little costly for the variety they provide.
Please do not eat here unless you want to risk your health and overall well-being.I visited Nirvana with a friend. The decor of the restaurant was relatively fancy and very trendy. White tablecloths gave us the impression we were in a very swanky establishment and the prices on the menu would indicate that as well.They initially presented us with a small amuse bouche which was a tiny potato patty drizzled with tamarind chutney. The waitress was so quiet we had no idea what this was because we had also ordered the Raj Kathori as an appetizer which is also a potato patty drizzled in tamarind chutney. Bad communication skills doesn't exactly constitute good service in my book.This was followed by your typical basket of papdum with a mix of chutneys. Nothing special here and they barely gave us any chutney. We get more by spending $9 on a 4 course prix fixe on Curry Row. Our Raj Kathori appetizer was pretty tasty but the shocker is soon to come...I ordered the Madras Chicken which was tasty though it's obvious the chicken wasn't marinated and they simply simmered it in Madras curry sauce. My friend ordered the Chicken Moghlai and about 2 bites into his food found a GIGANTIC METAL SCREW in his food! We were initially perplexed, thinking maybe it was just a large pepper but after prodding it and seeing the ridges we saw that it was a glorified screw in his curry. Let me just remind you that this place is swanky, trendy, fancy, you name it. Not the type of location where you find dirty nails in your entree. We immediately called the waiter over who didn't apologize but took his dish away and said he would make a new one. He also took the mound of rice on his plate and the naan, which we had also paid for. After waiting a good 5 minutes my food was beginning to get cold and I wasn't going to eat while my friend didn't have anything. I asked them to take my food back to keep it warm and they did, and I also said we needed more rice and naan. During this entire scuttle the owner of the restaurant was lurking around and watching us but never once came over to apologize for the contaminated food his staff attempted to serve us. After about 15 minutes they brought us our food again, with new rice and naan, and the waiter tried to redeem himself by serving it to us on our plates. He had a smile on his face as if all had been rectified but I'm sorry, we were not pleased. After this we couldn't even enjoy our food and when the waiter came over again to ask us how everything was we told him how this was not something we could just drop, my friend could have swallowed or bitten into the metal, and all he could reply with was "oh this has never happened before".We waited for some time for our check though we didn't expect to pay a cent. They brought us free dessert (kulfi - pretty decent) and finally we had to go ask for our check since they weren't making clear if we could leave or not. The waiters told my friend that everything was on the house, they were very sorry, and to please enjoy our dessert. Meanwhile the owner was sitting two tables away crunching numbers and completely ignoring us except for periodically taking hurried peeks over at us to see what was going on. Creep.Anyway, I think you've learned from our experience to stay away from this place. There are too many other options in NYC that are much better and probably cheaper. I'm uploading a picture of the metal screw so you can see it for yourself.
A friend and I stumbled upon Nirvana by way of the recommendation of our cocktail waitress at a pub. I am so glad we did! We shared the Tawa Scallops, Sukha Nariyal Goat, Peas Pulao, and Chicken Tikka Naan. I really enjoyed everything we tried. Splitting the entree worked out perfectly for us. Our server recommended the Sukha Nariyal Goat, which is not something I would normally consider ordering, and I thought it was wonderful. It was very spicy. The goat was still on the bone but separated easily. I thought the scallops were cooked nicely and the naan was delicious.I also thought the staff was attentive, especially when I spilled a glass of wine -- everything was cleaned up and replaced in just a couple of minutes. The price was great too. With the above items plus 2 glasses of wine and one cocktail the total was $75 before tip. Not too a bad deal at all.
Exceptional food, nice level of spice that allows all the flavor to come through!  Great value, good sized portions (way too much for one person, but leftovers are wonderful)!  Definitely will be back.
My boys took me here for birthday lunch the other day. Since O is a vegetarian and A and I are not, I wanted a place that relatively near my office, but also offered a variety of dishes for all tastes. Also, since they were paying, I wanted something that would go easy on their stash o cash.We went for the lunch buffet, which was adequate but had too few choices for my taste.  None the less, the back room with the skylight window was quiet an pleasant, and the food was tasty.So, no complaints. A nice place, not expensive. But the company was the best part.
Nirvana is nirvana. The chicken tikka masala was out of this world. Everything was great, the service the ambiance and the naan bread.
Excellent Indian food and friendly service at reasonable prices for NYC. The downstairs bar area is trendy, but the upstairs seating is rustic and elegant.
Ordered dinner (Chana Masala and Dahi Baigan) from here for delivery (which was prompt). Food was not bad, but the only issue was they got the wrong spice level on the wrong dish. I wanted one dish spicy and one mild, however, the dish that was supposed to be mild (Chana Masala) ended up being volcano spicy and vice versa. The Chana Masala itself wasn't bad, but I think the over whelming spice level washed out any flavor (to me at least).Dinner portions were actaully quite large. I had it for dinner, lunch next day and still have some left over.
I was on my way to another Indian restaurant until I realized that nirvana was right infront of me. I loved everything that I had ordered- the Gobi Manchurian appetizers were amazing and the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Green sauce chicken was amazing as well.  The veggie samosa was amazing- the garlic naan is amazing!! This place is probably the best Indian restaurant I have ever came to. I will definitely be going back when I am in the area.
$12.95 buffet at lunch will put you asleep at your desk.  But you will have happy, happy dreams of Nirvana.  And a pile of drool on your desk.  Constant refill of the Naan bread also made this carboholic (this week anyway) extremely happy.
Lunch buffet is quick, very good. Appetizer, rice, several meat curries (the goat vindaloo is really nice, as is the chicken tikka masala), some veggie curries, salad, and dessert. Will definitely be back.
Perfection!!!  We love Indian food and eat it a lot!  Beyond delicious.Always nervous trying new Indian as our favorite place in Boston, India Quality is our benchmark.Where to start. Gorgeous room.  Gracious staff.  We had Samosa's to start.  Honestly, I have eaten these hundreds of times.  These were a new level. Also, the sauces that were served, the hot chutney, the sweet brown one and the savory green one.  Holy freshness and deliciousness.  I was eating it with a spoon.On to dinner.  Lamb chops beyond, beyond.  Saag Panner.  OMG.  Lamb Curry (which wasn't on the menu, but they said "Of course" when my son asked if they could make his favorite.  Best ever tasted.  Chicken Tikka.  Succulent.  Round it all up with naan paratha and Raitia and King Fisher beer.  The absolute best!
Really good grilled dishes at reasonable prices served by incredibly good and friendly staff (really nice people)
I had so much hope for this place. Lovely atmosphere and live music downstairs, decent reviews on Yelp.But the food was incredibly underwhelming, the service crawled, and unless you wanted an $8 bottle of sparkling water or an overpriced drink you weren't going to get anything to drink.This place lacked spice and authenticity. The waiter forgot a couple things in my order (but still charged me) and I just left more irritated than anything.If you truly like Indian food, don't come here. If you like the more American version and you have a LOT of time and money on your hands that you feel like wasting, do drop in.
All I can say is wow. From the bar cocktail to the entree amazing flavors. Staff and service were great. Different flavors mint cilantro all mixed for an amazing culinary experience!
After reading the reviews on here I was prepared to for price gouging and tiny takeout portions. Refreshingly, both concerns proved unwarranted.Prices are high, but for the portion size (see below), quality and location of the restaurant in Midtown Manhattan, they are more than fair. Indeed, I would almost declare them quite reasonable by New York -- or anywhere -- standards.Some commented that takeout portions are small here, but I found the portions quite generous -- I ordered chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. Everything was more than adequately portioned.Oh, and the food? It was great! That's the one thing other reviewers got spot on! The tikka masala definitely was, perhaps, the best I've ever had! The quality of chicken used was very high. Sides, including the naan, were good as well.I suspect this is probably not New York's best Indian restaurant, but it's nevertheless quite excellent.
This is a very good Indian restaurant located very close to Grand Central Station. When I'm looking for good Indian food in Midtown, this restaurant always comes to my mind first. Try the Lasooni Gobi. The breads are great as well.
Just ordered lunch from them. Delicious garlic naan - so garlicky and buttery. The tikka masala sauce is great. But they forgot my diet coke. Of course I'm throwing a (mental) hissy fit like a jerk. When they come back, though, they also have dessert. High marks for class.
The atmosphere upstairs is pretty nice, not noisy, good for conversation. The food was okay at best. Chicken tikka masala is a dish any Indian restaurant should get right and while the sauce was tasty, the chicken was dry and over-cooked - as a rule this dish shouldn't even be cooked with white meat, but to have over-cooked white meat is a double offense. Lamb saag was heavy on the garlic as was the dal tadka.   I am giving a three because the service and attitude of the staff was very good.
Great find for Indian in NYC.  As a vegetarian it can be hit or miss, and this was a hit.  Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Appropriately priced and good menu. Solid 4*.
The food was so bland . We ordered gobi manchurian which was the worst ,it was so sweet.the methi mushroom was too bland .,there was no salt on table we asked for the salt the waiter didn't even care to reply and we waited for 20 mins without eating and waiting for salt.the waiter didn't care in-spite of reminding.this is too bad .very much disappointed and finally ate that bland food. Really thought of complaining to the manager but we very in a hurry so couldn't.very bad restaurant.suggest not to visit this place. The waiter showed big time attitude.
Like previous reviews, the bar is oddly set. I was quickly ushered upstairs for foodStarters were disappointing lamb courgettes with a hint of spice and some type of chic pea combo. Still not sure what to make of them as I write this...The drinks were not much better as the cocktails lacked flavour and were served in the wrong types of glass for the type of cocktail, however Credit where it's due - the main course was nice. I had the chicken madras and my partner the tikka masala both ok without being amazing. Service was ok. V polite as you come to expect with NYC staff. In a city of hundreds of Indian restaurants this one fell slightly short.
Atmosphere:The downstairs looks like a dingy bar, but the upstairs is decent, if a little gaudy. Food and Drinks:The food was mediocre at best. We started with some samosas, then saag paneer and malai kofta - nothing spectacular on that point. The garlic naan was on point though. Ordered a sweet lassi - first order came back with a plain lassi, which was too thick, and subsequent attempts to rectify the drink failed. Service: Not too bad at first - however, you ask for additional services (sweet lassi, etc) they start becoming very rude.
GREAT INDIAN FOOD!!!  I loved their Chicken Tikka Masala, the Naan, and the drink... it was their version of a Mojito, but with vodka.  I think they called it a Banndi?  Whatever it was, AWESOME!  At the end, it took the waiter a long time to check on us for the check, but otherwise service was good.
Outstanding food.  I'm very excited about my experience at this restaurant. :)The Vegetable Samosa (starter) was perfect - just crispy enough outside, but still a nice outer texture with wonderful flavors of vegetables and potatoes inside.  Try any of the three sauces on a bite and you have something even better.For entree, try the Bhindi Bharwan Masala - "Okra stuffed with our Special Masala, sautéed with Diced Onion, Tomato and Spices".  This was delicious.  Okra is not something you find on many menus, so I was eager to try theirs.  The okra was cooked just right - not too crunchy and not too mushy.  But the real joy was in the subtle and balanced masala.  With a little rice and/or garlic naan, it was one of the best Indian meals I've ever had.Service was prompt and friendly (although it was a slow night; I can't vouch for how they handle the crowds they are likely to get on weekends).Location is great - it's about 2 blocks from Grand Central Station.
I took a coworker to dinner at Nirvana while in NYC on business based upon the extant yelp reviews and found the overall experience underwhelming. I hope that this was unusual but figured I'd explain for the edification of the staff as well as future potential patrons. I did fill out and leave a comment card as well to ensure that Nirvana staff could receive pointed feedback.Food: overall the food was pretty good. We started with two appetizers: a spicy chicken stir fry, as well as some garlic prawns. I made sure to consult with my server to ensure that I was picking stand out dishes on the menu. The prawns were excellent. The chicken stir fry, though savory and tasty, was not spicy as advertised. For the main courses, we had a lamb curry, and a lobster tikka masala (the house specialty). The lamb curry was flavorful and rich, and relatively tender, but the lobster was overcooked and tough. I expected more from the star of the menu. The naan's (plain and garlic) as well as the rice were excellent.Though nirvana has a number of interesting deserts on the menu, I opted for a mango lassi to finish the meal. Wine: the cabernet offered by the glass left my palate wondering where the rest of the wine's spice went. I could swear I was served the pinot, but i didn't see the bottle to verify. Ambiance: the aesthetic of the upstairs dining area was quite pleasant, and the space was not too loud. Certainly has a upscale casual feel. i thought this was good. I must say that the bar area experienced upon entry to the restaurant was rambunctious and off putting. I was relived to find that the upstairs area was starkly different. Service: here's the primary blemish on an otherwise pretty good meal. I was a waiter at several fine dining restaurants while I was in high school and college so I know what good service is, and what bad service is. Though the restaurant seemed to be staffed with at least 2 bussers, and three servers for some 20 upstairs tables, my coworker and I managed to sit with empty water glasses for 5 minutes or more at least three times. Furthermore, when a food expediter placed our entrees on the table, they did not pay attention to which guest had ordered which dish--instead they auctioned the food off. Then, once we told him who had what, he failed to notice that my coworker didn't even have a fork. My coworker attempted to flag down three separate employees to ask for one while I patiently waited for him to be able to eat his dish before starting into mine. Then my wallet sat on the table for some 15 minutes before someone who wasn't our server dropped the check.This isn't my first rodeo, and though I'm a visitor, I've been to plenty better restaurants that offer far greater value in midtown. The food and dining experience is usually great here, but I was disappointed.. I counsel you to look elsewhere.
I'm visiting Manhattan from Atlanta and decide to search Scoutmob for a good deal on something for an early dinner (5 pm). I use the "nearby" function and Nirvana pops up. A quick search of Yelp also convinces me to give the place a shot.Right when I walked in, the male host (no female b**** host from previous reviews) is all smiles and seats me at a nice table. As I arrived around 5:10, they had just prepared the dining area for dinner - everything looked upscale, candlelit and ready for customers. I was greeted by a charming waiter who took my drink order and I was left to peruse the menu.Unfortunately, I started running into speed bumps. I asked the waiter about a particular entree I had read about on the Scoutmob app and he was unable to tell me anything more than the 7 word description already written in the menu. He was polite, but his English needed some work.Being the only person in the restaurant in the moment has its perks. 3 waiters were essentially at my beck and call. The moment my water dipped below half, someone filled it up. I was regularly asked how I was doing. Papadoms were brought out with delicious toppings (mint chutney, some red pepper I thoroughly enjoyed, and the sweeter, darker chutney).Because I was alone, I was using my phone quite a bit to just text some friends and do some reading. I believe the waiters took this as a sign I was done and to bring on the next item, which I did not like. I had barely touched the delicious papadoms when they were suddenly replaced by my entree! Anyways the food was AMAZING. Although I ordered chicken tikka masala and it was not spicy AT ALL (very disappointed) it was extremely savory. The naan was superb and although I didn't order rice, they brought some out for me anyways. Towards the end of my meal, two different waiters came to ask me if I had finished. Both times I said no, yet the second time the waiter just nodded and removed my plate. I was so stunned I didn't say anything back.In the end the waiter brought out a complimentary dessert for me (I really think they felt badly for me that I was alone hahaha). It was the best thing I had eaten the whole meal - a fresh gulab jamun on top of a small serving of kulfi. Both were heavenly. Funny thing is I knew what they were, but I just asked the waiter to explain it to me anyways and he said "Traditional Indian. Dessert on top, ice cream on bottom". I'll leave the level of detail (or lack thereof) to your interpretation.Anyways another speedbump occurred when I tried to use my Scoutmob coupon. The waiter seemed to understand and acknowledge but took him 15 minutes to confer with another waiter, call someone, go downstairs, come back to look at my app again, then bring me my appropriately adjusted check. Manager, if you're reading this, train your wait staff!TL; DR: The food here was absolutely scrumptious. Personally my chicken tikka masala should have been spicier (tasted like a hybrid butter chicken and tikka) but it was divine. Best mango lussie I have ever had in my LIFE. For the food, 4 starsThe wait staff on the other hand, they need some work. Super polite and timely (maybe due to me being the only person) but need to improve their English and knowledge of deals their restaurant is advertising. For the wait staff, 2 stars.
My favorite Indian restaurant in all of New York. Food was delicious, wait staff was off the hook. The chicken tiki masala was all the rave! Laid back place with great food...
Delicious, incredible chicken tikka masala and a naan that brings tears to my happy eyes! On top of that, yummy Malbec and a bartender that great.
Nirvana is a nice Indian place within walking distance of my hotel and the office where I work when I go to Manhattan. The atmosphere is laid-back, service responsive, and food is worth your time.Papad and a nice Sauvignon Blanc as i sat down. For a starter, I had the Achari Mushroom. Pickled mushroom which is grilled with other veggies. The flavors coming together on this plate were just wonderful. I could have easily had a second order and called it a night.Madras Chicken, Garlic Naan, and rice. Good version of a classic curry dish. The sauce was just the right amount of tomato. Spice content was good--the waiter warned me ahead of time, leading me to believe they've had their share of people who didn't like spicy food. Between growing up in New Orleans and the tastes of some of my Norweigan colleagues, a little spice didn't bother me. Still, I kept it low-key. The naan was excellent, fresh and a good level of garlic spead across.Gulab Jumun for dessert.This was my first to Nirvana. I'll be back on my next trip to Manhattan.
I am pretty obsessed with Nirvana. I've been about 5 times and I think the food is great. My favorite dishes are the chicken madras (SPICY) and the black lentils. The rice and naan is all great too. I've tried a lamb dish, fish dish, and some others and I have no complaints. The restaurant has a romantic feel to it. I've had a complimentary amuse bouche every time I went, and a complimentary dessert a few times. The service is a TAD slow, but they are so nice that I don't really mind.
Ordered the Chicken lunch special last week. Fast delivery, excellent food (and I'm picky about Indian food.) My only complaint is that it was way too spicy; my friend and i ordered together on delivery.com and he wanted extra spicy and I wanted mild. They mixed up the two. Still yummy! Great price too!
By calling your restaurant "Nirvana" and additionally "Culinary Bliss," you must be pretty sure of yourself.  I had purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate for Nirvana a while back and finally got an opportunity to use it.  When I saw the prices at Nirvana, I pretty much decided up front that my review was going to start out by saying it's overpriced.  But let's not go there just yet.  Curries here cost from the upper teens for chicken to the low twenties for seafood.  That's not unusual for entrees with those proteins at other restaurants, but to me that seems a little steep for curry.  But let's hold off on judgment.  I want to talk about this restaurant first, and then we can decide if the prices are fair or not.Nirvana features a bar and lounge on the first floor, perfect for hosting parties, while the second floor is the actual dining room, which is quite large.  Red chairs, white linens, and brick walls serve for a vibrant, yet elegant ambiance.  I didn't really realize that this was an Indian fine dining restaurant until I got there and was served an amuse bouche.  It was a small corn and potato fritter served with tamarind sauce.  It was plated on a giant dish, which made the serving look smaller (and also cuter?).  It was delicious, crispy out the outside, fluffy inside with bits of sweet corn, and of course the delicious tamarind sauce, my personal favorite.  We were also served a basket of crispy pappadams with three sauces: mango chutney, raw onion chutney, and tamarind sauce.  We only ate a little because we wanted to save room for the rest of our meal.We ordered a couple appetizers to start.  The Vegetable Samosas are a no-brainer in any Indian restaurant.  They are a crowd-pleaser, they are fried (fried = awesome) and they are rarely bad.  These were no exception, nice and big with a crispy dough on the outside and fluffy warm potato and pea filling on the inside.  Good samosas, check!  We also tried the Gobi Manchurian, a dish of fried cauliflower dressed in a sauce of garlic, scallions, and soy (as advertised) and also tomato from what we could tell.  It was a mixture of sweet, sour, and tangy with a bit of spice, and the slightly crusty, piping hot and perfectly tender cauliflower inside.  As a cauliflower lover (especially FRIED cauliflower) this dish was unique and a fun experiment that we were both very pleased with.For entrees, my friend had the traditional Tandoori Chicken, while I went with my tried and true favorite Chicken Tikka Masala.  Our entrees came with basmati rice, and we ordered some naan as well.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was not the best I've had, but it was better than some of the versions I've had the displeasure of trying in the past.  My only complaint is that it was very tomatoey.  Usually, my favorites have more cream which balances out the tomato in the sauce, but this version wasn't heavy on the cream (I guess my waistline shouldn't complain), but it did make up for that by being well balanced with the spices.  If I were grading, I would give it a B+... not quite a perfect A, but way better than a C or D (sadly I've had some C or D Tikka Masalas in my life, even an F one time!).  In other words, I wouldn't come here for a Tikka Masala craving, I'd go somewhere else for that specific desire, and maybe order something different next time I'm here instead.  I did enjoy it overall, and brought home plenty of leftovers!  Gotta love that :)  The naan was also nice and fluffy and warm, not dry like some other bad naans I've gotten at other restaurants.  So far so good...We had to have dessert because my friend's favorite dessert is an Indian dessert, and I would never let down my friends :)  The dessert is called Gulab Jamun, which are light pastry dumplings made from dry milk in honey syrup.  They are simple fried balls with a somewhat crumbly inner texture moistened by the sweet syrup in which they are bathed.  Yum.  I can't blame my friend for loving this dessert!  It was a really nice way to finish our meal, and we both got to indulge in a little something sweet before heading out into the snowy city!So here are my final thoughts on my experience at Nirvana.  Surprisingly, I didn't really feel ripped off at all after my dinner.  Maybe it was because my restaurant.com gift certificate covered almost half of our meal, or maybe it was because the entire experience from beginning to end was truly quite pleasant!  One of my favorite dishes in the world (Chicken Tikka Masala) didn't blow me away, but was still delicious and better than 80% of the other Tikka Masalas that have let me down over the years.  Meanwhile, the other aspects of our meal from the other courses to the service and ambiance were up to par with what I would expect from a restaurant charging an average of $20 for curry. For Indian food in an elegant atmosphere, I'd pick Nirvana.
One star for excellent grilled mushroom appetizer and the tandoori paneer appetizer.  One star for the great service. 3 Stars off for one of the most dull Indian meals we've had in ages. Indian food is supposed to pop with flavors and spice. Not here. Sorry but the trader joes frozen entrees taste better. We ordered 5 entrees for our table and they all sucked.I do recall having a great meal here a couple of years ago. Very disappointed this time.
Went to this Indian restaurant for dinner because of the four star rating.  I am only going to give three stars.  The ambiance is really nice with an upstairs section and the service was decent.  Unfortunately the food did not have any "wow" factor and being that I am an Indian guy they could have made my food at least the normal amount of spicy but clearly they cater to a spice "averse" crowd.  I am fine with that but when a real Indian shows up......bring your "A" game or at least ask if I want it authentic or "desi" spiced.  The beers are not listed on the menu which is kind of annoying to have to ask the waiter.  The location near grand central is a plus.  The masala chai is NOT authentic.....come on guys.....get it right if you want more stars and my return business.  In an Indian restaurant I should not question or worry about if they know how to make things authentically but alas I cannot go back to this restaurant.
This place is actually pretty good. Went there for the lunch buffet $12.95 and i was not disappointed. The place is very clean and it loks very upscale. the Food was amazin, the chicken was spicy and not fatty like most places. the goat was soft and it peeled off the bone very easy. the rice was cooked perfectly and the rest of the vegetarian stuff looked good, i even tried the peas and loved them.Overall its a 4.5 for a buffet place, but they charge 3 bucks for a skinny tall glass of 75% ice and ginger ale. not a fan of that.
Came by here for a late dinner after drinks last night and wasn't impressed.Pros- the food was good.  We ordered the Saag Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala and they were both quite tasty.  The naan was also good.- There was live jazz music which is was quite pleasant.Cons- The food was slow to come out.  It took a good half hour to 45 mins before we got our entrees.- SLOW service.  I tried to flag down the waiter a couple times get us another refill of rice and every time I made eye contact, he would ignore me or look away.Overall, given the quality of service, I wouldn't come back for dinner.  Maybe it's better during the lunch buffet (since it'd be self-serve?).
This is going to be a quick one as I ordered a delivery and tried only the goat biryani and saag paneer both of which were really really good. A lot of indian places generally get looked over if you are not on lexington ave in the 20's. I decided to give this a try since they deliver and have to say I am going to do it again the next time I am looking for some indian delivery.
Delivery:The guy on the phone when i called to check about something was very well spoken and polite. They forgot to send one of the ordered items but as soon as i called to ask about it they apologised and sent a free desert with the missing item! Dining in:Quality of food is iffy. Sometimes good sometimes bland, and not well cooked. Im a vegetarian so can only speak to the veggie dishes. The only thing i would totally not risk is the Bhindi Masala (okra dish). For some reason they never manage to cook it right, the okra should be soft inside and out, which they haven't managed yet. The outside is leathery and inedible
Excellent Indian restaurant. The service is kind and so attentive. The place looks great the lounge on the first floor and main dining on the 2nd floor. Food is one of the best in NYC. Their speciality cocktails are made excellently. the shrimp tadka appetizer was flavorful. Main entrees of tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and naan were all made with excellent flavor. Definitely a great restaurant.
