It was my first time trying Indikitch and for the price it doesn't look like a lot of food, but as you're eating through it - everything is quite heavy so it does settle in. I was super afraid of needing to go to the bathroom all day - but i was perfectly fine! I had the butter chicken with basmati rice, cucumber salad and original dal, along with garlic naan. The line was out the door and it actually is a line that doesn't move quick - the bottle neck seems to be the cashier so by the time I got to the cashier I ended up ordering a blood orange lemonade - which is more on the sweet than sour side, and also an order of samosas as well. Needless to say I was super stuffed after all of this. Will definitely come back for more lunches but hopefully the lines arent out the door anymore.
I had got chicken tikka combo with garlic naan and saffron rice ! Totally loved the concept! Service was quick and the staff was friendly.Taste - excellent Quantity- excellentCleanliness- excellent Price- high
I have to first start off and say that the food is very good and well priced. I got the feast, with chicken, tikka sauce, chickpeas, and beets. It was tasty and the right amount of spice.I have to comment on one negative thing, the service was rude and not polite. We asked for sauce and we got the "it's in my hand" look for one of the servers. I would of given this place 5 stars, but I deducted a star due to the service.
This is like a Chipotle for Indian food. That would have been helpful to know before walking a mile to try to find Indian food. There is upstairs seating and it very much feels like a cafeteria. If you're OK with it, the food is great and the prices are good. I had the chicken tikka masala which was delicious. The beet salad was bland, so you can definitely skip that. Samosas was a good serving for a good price. Service could definitely be improved; they all seemed to be annoyed by my questions about the process. Worth a try if you're looking for fast Indian.
I work at a hotel in times Square and I know customer service. I come here literally daily because this place has some great employees with exceptional service. J for short even greets me by name when I walk in and Q (sorry again forgot full name) also provides great service. Can't forget Ash and the young girl Erika. There are a bunch of indikitch in NYC but I always return to this one because of the great team and the energy they bring. Thanks guys for the service!
I love New York, always a variety of food to choose from, today i tried an Indian restaurant called Indikitch.  It was delicious.  The garlic naan bread leaves you wanting more.
I LOVE indikitch and I was so excited one finally opened near my office in Times Square.  I've been to both the 56th and 8th street one (multiple times) and the flatiron one (A couple times), and they have both been amazing.  This one however, was incredibly disappointing.  The saag (spinach sauce) was burned and tasted sour.  The paneer, instead of being chewy cubes were mushy and almost had a creamy consistency.  For those who know how paneer should be, that is exactly how it should not be.I am really disappointed in this location and will likely not be returning.  Since it is a fairly new location, hopefully these issues will be remedied in the future.  If not, just hop on a train to one of the other locations that I guarantee are solid choices.
I love Indikitch! I went to the one in flatiron 2 days ago and went to this new one today. The food is good! It is on par with their other locations. I always get the feast with chicken tikka masala, briyani, classic dal, carrot salad and garlic naan. This place actually deserves five stars but today we bought 5 feasts and only received 3 naans and the owner/manager was rushing us through our order. I would probably come back once the place has settled and their servers are better trained. Can't wait for my next feast!
Samosa chaat to die for. Tastes like street side India in the best way possible. Fast turn around, and for anyone who may not know, it's not a sit down restaurant. More like a Indian chipotle. Kati rolls are also yum
I LOVE Indian food so was thrilled to see a higher end fast food place pop up near work.  As others have commented, lines are long as our Chipolte but Chipolte is more efficient and faster.Food was tasty and good quality, price was reasonable but the "feast" left me  still hungry as portions are unusually small for Indian places.  If they can expand their plate sizes I would be back more often!
This is probably one of THE BEST indian food that I have eaten in the states. I am going to come here again when I come back to NYC. A must try place for an authentic indian food served nicely by non indian staff in a very non-indian environment. Ohh, and one more thing- don't underestimate their spice levels, 3 is REALLY really  spicy! ;p
Worst staff in NY city. They should be fired. The girl at the counter is rude like hell. God knows how the hell she even works there. Nightmare
I have tried this several times but today will be my last. i love indian food and liked this well enough when i found it opened up near my office.  but today i ordered the sag paneer which i have ordered before, and honestly it should have been called onion paneer.  the onion was overwhelming and the spinach was almost non existent. It just totally turned me off to visiting it again.
Really wanted to love this new addition to the midtown lunch rush. However, the wait is too hectic for a midtown lunch rush, the sauce is too oily, and I never actually found a full piece of chicken. The blood orange lemonade tasted refreshing however there were too many little bits and pieces in the drink for it to be enjoyable.
This place was alright. Ordering was slightly confusing but it would make more sense the next time. The staff didn't seem to be much help either they just seemed annoyed. Food was average.
The food was absolutely amazing and flavorful. Great combination of salad, rice and bread with traditional Indian sauces. The fact that they finish the sauces fresh vs pre-cooked seems to be the recipe vs other similar places I've tried. Hope they keep up the quality of food and innovativeness by bringing seasonal specials.
I love Indikitch. Their paneer tikka and samosas are very good. Unfortunately this new place opened and keeps showing up as the only option for delivery on Uber Eats and Postmates. The taste is not that good, I could not eat my Kati rolls without feeling a distaste, while the rolls at the other two Indikitch locations are delicious and keep me wanting for more. The delivery is incomplete. They forgot to send roti with the feast once. It's just disappointing overall. The quality is just not the same. The flatiron location is the best then 8th Ave. if Indikitch is going to open more places management needs to ensure quality and taste else it will go downhill very quickly.
3 delicious somosas for $3.44!  What a deal!  Mago lassi was refreshing. Will be back.
