Really good pav bhaji! I have been looking for a pav bhaji place in the area and I am really happy that they have it on the menu. The staff are very nice and friendly. I will definitely come back here in the future.
Really tasty affordable food. Service and paying are not fun. Very small but clean. Great lunch place.
No joke, this is some of the best Indian food I've ever had in NY and I've lived here for 20 years! I haven't tried everything on the menu but what I have was just amazing. Please keep the chef, please!!!
Went at around 9 pm. I ordered one paneer dosa and pav bhaji. Both was prepared fairly at a quick time. The taste was good and i would not hesitate going another time here.I would highly recommend this to anyone who visits this area.
The food at this place is really good and there is no Indian restaurant closer to Columbia, which cooks so well. We have ordered take out from them a number of times and it is a family favorite and it is inexpensive. However, I wouldn't sit down at the restaurant even though they have a few tables. Servings in plastic plates and eating with plastic utensils is a real turn off.
Excellent dosa and kathi! I would recommend to vegetarians or anyone who really enjoys indian food.
My girlfriend and I just ordered delivery for the first time from Masala Club. We ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Biryani, Garlic Naan, and Navaratan Korma which is vegetables simmered in a sauce of cashew nuts. Everything was delicious. We both can say that this is the best Indian food we have had in ages. We will definitely be coming back for more.
This is the previous Curry Club with new management team. The old restaurant used to be my favorite and I'm so glad they kept the exactly same taste of everything I've tried so far. Maybe the cooks remain to be the same which is the greatest. This is the best best Indian restaurant ever and forever for me. I've spent about thousand dollars dining in this Curry Club or Masala Club in a year. Please don't close for months again. Your curry brightens my life!
Among the best places for Indian food I've found in the US. The food was delicious- I got the chicken achari and the lamb vindaloo with basmati rice and naan. The quantity and quality both were excellent. The server was also great! He told us which dishes might take longer to come, and pointed us to dished that would be quicker. The naan was perfect- wasn't too oily or too dry, unlike most places in the country. I'm going to go here pretty regularly! My friend got the pav bhaji and it was great too :) pretty close to Columbia university, which is another plus. They also have lunch specials. Great value for money.
I had pav bhaji and chai. It was really good and the staff were very friendly. Pav bhaji was very much like what you get in Mumbai. I would highly recommend this place!
The chicken tikka masala and pav bhaji is legit. Very good food and a great deal as well. $15 for take out which comes with appetizer, entree, rice, naan, and dessert.
Being South Indian I don't believe any Indian restaurant that doesn't have a South Indian chef should be making dosa. The coconut chutney had no flavor. And what they called "sambar" wasn't the right color and it tasted horrible. For the ambiance with plastic plates and forks, dal should not cost $12, especially for such low quality food. I had to go home and brush my teeth and use mouthwash to get that nasty flavor out.  I wish there was a zero or even better a negative star option.
The best Indian food at Columbia!  I have studied at Columbia and have been around for 15 years and this is the finest and most honest, authentic Indian food at Columbia.  Delicioso!  Delicious, Mouth-watering curries, piping hot naans and breads, lovely tikkas, excellent   Just let them know you love Indian food and know it and they will make it extra special :)!  I have known the chef 'Hari' for years as he had a lovely hole in the wall cool joint up near the UN and boy did he have lines there!  Give him another month or two up here and Masala Club will surely do well.  I have made it crystal in my iPhone speed-dial that when it is a curry call it is going to be Masala Club nothing else.  Their masala chai tea is to die for and the Chicken Chetinad Curry is out of this world.  For vegetarians too, love the secret Karahi Paneer off the menu!  Enjoy boys and girls, love the curry there as I am hooked!  And they are the nicest peops around too man!  I am stoked!  Wife loves it healthy and they make it healthy too if you ask so I love it.
