Good food. We got the tandoori chicken and the lamb biryani as well as some garlic Naan. Definitely recommend all of the above, though the biryani is quite spicy. The have BYOB and the prices are quite low so it's a great cheap little date night. 4 stars because we had to wait a but for our food when the restaurant was pretty much empty and there are a lot of kitchen noises, but I 100% plan on coming back.
I don't get the 4.5 stars everyone is giving this restaurant.  I've been eating Indian food for years, and the food at Yaar is not very flavorful and seems very "Americanized".  What a disappointment. I've eaten there twice - the first time, I tried their lunch buffet which is only about $11 and was mostly veg dishes with a couple of chicken dishes (no lamb, no goat).  I found the food to be pretty bland and not spicy at all.  The second time, I went there for dinner and ordered everything "spicy"....however, the food was barely spicy at all!  Most of the dishes were just "ok" but nothing special. On a more positive note, I did like their naan, which was really delicious!  If you check-in with Yelp, you get a free naan!  Also, they gave us two rounds of complimentary papadam, which is probably the best I've ever had!  Service was excellent!   :)Here is the menu shared by 4 people:~ Green Chili Chicken - onion, green pepper, ginger garlic sauce~ Lamb Rogan Josh - hearty blend of cardamom and cinnamon curry~ Butternut Squash Kofta - croquets, cashew nut, almond yogurt sauce~ Chana Saag - chick pea, spinach, garlic, ginger, fresh roasted cumin~ Basmati Rice~ Naan
Food was delicious! Wait staff was very attentive.Ambiance was relaxing. Music could be more up beat.Would love to see a vegan desert.
This place is great. Conveniently located right next to the NW train, its a perfect place to eat or or grab and go. Their pick up service is quick, I have ordered in the restaurant for pick up and haven't waited too long to get my food. The lunch Buffet is excellent and fresh. I love the variety of food, and its constantly coming out hot and fresh. A what deal! Yaar is fairly priced,all the time but the lunch Buffett special is a steal! AYCE Indian buffet? Yes!!The interior is cozy and appropriately decorated. The servers were pleasant and attentive.Another fun thing, depending on how you feel about it, is it is BYOB (Bring your own bottle) and No Cork Fee.
BYOB is always a plus with me. Quiet but excellent service and food. They had a fantastic pre fix if you didn't want to order a la carte.
Yaas, Yaar! My boyfriend and I came for their AYCE $10 lunch buffet. You just can't beat that price for great Indian food, not to mention the service!It's very open and clean, though I don't recall there being *too* many seats here. They checked up on us frequently, but not too often. Our waters were refilled anytime they were close to being empty - which is impressive since our cups were relatively small.As for the food? Everything was great. Somethings a little spicier than I would've liked (which is no surprise - I just don't have a high tolerance) but it was all good. The basmati rice was perfect, and I loved the spices in the chicken tikka masala, chicken tikka and samosa. They also had a rice pudding for dessert. Total package!
Came here with several friends on Sunday evening and was so glad I made the decision to come to this place. First off its BYOB with no corking fee so that's a plus! The decor is pretty dope, the murals on the wall are very pleasing to the eye, really awesome work. Lastly, the food was amazing!!! Don't slack on the lamb vindaloo Soo good!! More importantly the service was great really attentive and kind! Suffice to say Yaar is my new fave Indian restaurant in Queens!
Oh hayyy, 2017! Let's start this year off with one of my favorite local spots in Astoria - Yaar! First, let's talk about location. It's RIGHT off the train, so trust me when I say this spot is super convenient to get to. Yaar has a nice ambiance inside. It's narrow, but they definitely utilize the space in a smart way and they have ample seating. I've always managed to get a table even when it's pretty busy. Food wise, everything here has been great. I appreciate that they have a unique variety of flavors of Naan to choose from. The coconut is my favorite but I also love the cheese, garlic and plain as well. The price-fixe dinner is a must - considering you get a choice of an appetizer (samosa or soup), an entree (includes all the classics + rice) and a dessert (galub jamun or kheer) all for less than $15. What more can you ask for? Everything I've had was delicious. Incredibly flavorful and hearty. Plus the dishes they use are beautiful! And most of all, what truly shines here is the service as well as staff. Every time I'm here, I feel at home. The staff goes above and beyond. They're friendly, always provide suggestions (helps me with my indecisiveness) and incredibly polite. They really take care of you here.  Whether i'm doing the price-fixe or going from the regular menu, every choice here has been a good one. I'm a loyal customer/fan and suggest going here for all those Indian food cravings. You won't be disappointed.
Rude associate. Ordered garlic naan and tikka masala to pick up. Online promotion for free naan when you check into yelp. Associate advised that it is not for garlic naan and would not make an exception even though this was not explained in the promotion. I order from here all the time. It's upsetting that there is no customer appreciation. Straight black and white answer, associate did not even check with anyone to see if he could make an exception, it's a dollar difference. Pathetic.
The best Indian in Astoria  amazing chicken chili defo go back there again and they have a buffet on sat and sun for $11 eat all you want 11-3pm
I was there while visiting NYC and went there with my friends. First this is close to the train, which is very convenient. And, also they have space for parking as well. So, that one does not have to wonder around looking for parking. The food we ordered were all tasty. I liked the chicken wings very much. Be careful while ordering Vindaaloo, it is very spicy. The staff were very attentive and courteous. I will go there when i visit NYC.
Quite possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. The food is always consistent and 100% authentic. The staff here is so nice and always accomodating to your needs. I would recommend the lamb korma and shrimp tikka masala. I personally don't eat meat and only stick to seafood so the shrimp tikka masala is the absolute best for me(It is actually one of the only places I've come across that actually makes it with shrimp) The free naan with check in is a great deal! Ask for the garlic or cilantro naan! They have an all-you-can-eat lunch buffet too with at least 4-5 different options ranging from vegetarian dishes to meat dishes as well. Definitely give this place a try, I can almost guarentee that you'll want to keep coming back! Yes this place is never really that crowded but don't let that fool you!
Yaar Indian Restaurant is great for dinner. They give you a delicious filling meal. The great service and candlelit dinner makes you feel like the meal is worth much more than $13.95!Protip: Yelp checkins gets you a free plain naan. We couldn't finish all our naan so we got two for the table and two to go!*Food*Their prix fixe dinner menu is $13.95. For that price, you get to choose a samosa, entree and dessert. Plus they give a bowl of thin crispy savory Indian crackers (Papadum) with red and green sauce as a starter. So good! I ordered the lamb samosa, chicken tikka masala and kheer. The mango lassi was cold, sweet and refreshing. The lamb samosa was the size of two ping pong balls with thick crunchy crust and tender juicy bits of lamb. The creamy tomato-based chicken tikka masala was perfect over the turmeric-rich basmati rice. And the kheer was creamy milky but a bit too sweet for me. Regardless, I ate all of my dessert!I got to try the Baingan Bharta (eggplant) dish thanks to my friend. This dish was tender and sweet with textured eggplant cubes among the mashed eggplant. I love eggplant so I am definitely ordering this next time! We got to eat, chat and savor our meals. We ate until it was painful for our stomachs, and we still brought leftovers home! What a great value meal. *Service*We got excellent care from the staff. They wiped the tables when we had crumbs, replaced our plates and gave us multiple napkins. Thank you Yaar! If I lived here, I would eat here all the time!
In my last review I mentioned my disappointment with the chicken tikka masala, which kept me away from Yaar for awhile. My most recent visit was enlightening, and solved a months-old mystery. This time, my girlfriend ordered the chicken tikka masala, and I witnessed it firsthand in all of its intended creamy, orangey glory. my last visit I must have been given the wrong order, which is okay, accidents happen and such. I can attest that their tikka masala is still on point, at a price that can't be beat: $12.95 which includes rice (& make sure to use the naan check in offer too!) 5 stars for Yaar!
I came here late in the evening with a few friends and was impressed by the delicious food and great service at this Ditmars Blvd. spot. I highly recommend the $14 pre fixe deal..it comes with an appetizer, main course, basmati rice and choice of dessert. To start, we were given a complimentary appetizer of an airy, crunchy bread, with sweet and savory sauces on the side. I ordered the lamb samosa to start my meal and loved the flavors. We also ordered a side of garlic naan, which does not come with the pre fixe deal. For just $3.50, they brought us two full baskets of bread, which was more than enough to go with our meal. For the entree, I had the chicken tikka masala and was impressed with the amount of food that came with the deal, as well as the quality. It was neither too mild nor too spicy..really the perfect balance. Dessert was kheer, a delicious rice pudding with almonds and fruit.Another plus: Yaar is BYOB, giving you the chance to bring in some craft beer or a bottle of wine to add to the meal. Overall, wonderful experience and I plan to go back!
My first experience here was awesome I was pleased to discover their pre fixe menu which offers mostly the popular dishes and appetizers for only $15!!!! You can't go wrong with that. The food was excellent trust me because I am of South Asian descent and I can be very critical of curries. I usually order the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag and it ALWAYS comes out right every time. Those are my favoriting dishes to get there and I am sure the other dishes are good as well.  The appetizers I always get the Lasuni Gobi which is like a garlicky cauliflower app which is MY FAVE AND THE BEST MUST TRY. The samosas are good as well and they all come with the Pre Fix so give it a try. The staff is always nice and they always give good suggestions. Seriously this is my go-to spot for whenever I crave Indian food.
LOVE IT. +++ service+++ BYOB+++ food (could be spicier)+++ FOODOnly thing that I didn't quite enjoy was the dessert. But who cares haha. the main course is where it's at.
Conveniently located right out of the train station Yaar is always my go to for takeout when I don't feel like cooking. Butternut squash kofta, saag paneer, butter chicken and garlic naan are my favorite. All the dishes are full of flavor and spice. The staff is super friendly too which is always a plus! Easily one of my favorite Indian restaurants!
Yaar is the younger sister restaurant to Seva, a well-established Indian restaurant not too far away. Same owner with slightly different styles of Indian food. We arrived at 12:00 PM sharp for their all you can eat buffet. There was a total of ten different dishes including dessert, a sweet carrot purée. Side salad is also available that I didn't count. Popular favorites such as the Chicken Tikka Marsala and Saag Paneer was present! What I loved most about Yaar is their spicy level!My favorite dish was the Chicken Meatballs that day and that blew me away! The meat very tender that the knife just went through it with little to no effort at all. It was packed with spices and spicy curry flavor. I am not an Indian food expert but I have eaten at a handful of other Indian establishments before and their spicy level has been toned down but not at Yaar's! Full on spicy kick right away! Fresh, hot naan was served just as we sat down with our first plate. Unlimited servings of naan as well! We went above and beyond the buffet and got Lamb Samosas. You cannot leave Yaar without trying them! Minced lamb meat wrapped in a pyramid- shaped dough and deep fried. It was super hot when it came out of the kitchen. Lamb meat was well seasoned was so moist. It was incredibly good! The spicy green sauce would be its best companion! After all that heat, a glass of Mango Lassi will help cool us down. Sweet and smooth serves just as the perfect drink to end our meal. Good news is that buffet is available everyday from 12:00 pm to 3:00 pm. And the even better news? Yaar does not skimp on quality or portion! Get your share now!
I decided to branch out the other day and try a different Indian option in Astoria, seeing that this place had good reviews.  We tried the chicken makhni (butter chicken), some of the roti, samosas, etc.  I was particularly impressed by their breads - the paratha was so delicious even cold the next day.  The butter chicken was brighter in color than I was expecting, but was super flavorful and there were some chunks of ginger and veggies in the sauce that gave it this nice, fresh, herbaceous-ness that's harder to achieve in such a spicy, rich dish.  Samosas were good - better than Seva, in my opinion.  I also appreciated that the food was far less salty overall than some of its Astoria peers.  Looking forward to trying more dishes here in the future!
Great food! The pumpkin soup was exceptional so was the service! Nice atmosphere. The kebab was amazing! Highly recommend!!!
I went to check out their buffet. I had to test it against my favorite Indian restaurant a couple stops away on the train. While the place is very nice inside, the food is not the best I've ever had. It's good, just not great. The vegetable samosas were great though! The staff was very nice and attentive. I will go again when I'm not in the mood to travel far, but it's not my favorite Indian buffet.
Tried it once and the portions are enough to share. I really liked the veggie samosas. I'll be back with friends to do real damage.
This place is amazing - best samosas I have ever had. Im a vegetarian and I really live the options! So glad I found this place
I love Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Vindaloo here. I'm glad that I could find better Indian Curry restaurant than Seva. Vindaloo is spicy but also tasty.
The pre fix course menu has so many options and the food is amazing!! The service is incredible and the best part of this restaurant is the BYOB policy! There's a liquor store across the street so we were able to pick up a desert wine "Dolce Volo" which went great with our spicy tikka masala entree. Must come!!!!
Solid place for Indian food that won't break your bank! Came here for their $13.95 prix fix dinner, that comes with an appetizer, entree, and dessert, and will leave you probably stuffed. I tried the butternut squash soup, chicken tikka masala, and kheer. Also ordered a side of garlic naan. All were yummy. Not the best Indian food I had but decent for what New York has to offer. I also had a taste of my friend's entrees of bhindi masala and it was on par. No wait for a Thursday night at 7:00PM and service was good.
Food was excellent. We had the cauliflower for an appetizer. The saag paneer was tasty. Naan was delicious. Service was excellent. Highly recommend and for a great price!!!
Went for the lunch buffet with my wife. She loves Indian. I love Indian. We LOVED this Indian. Highly recommended. Super attentive wait staff and delicious food for a low price. There wasn't any catch that we found. Check it out!
I actually can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet, as it is my new favorite restaurant and I go there more than anywhere else (twice this week.)Food - SO GOOD. I finally learned that while the big plates (at least the vegan ones) are average -- to me not as good as Seva -- the small plates are creative, delicious and perfect for sharing with friends or making a meal for yourself. I love that they clearly mark what is vegan on the menu, so it makes it very easy. All of the vegan small plates are good -- samosas are a tasty classic, and I love the fritters. The fig cutlets are spicy and yummy as well. However the absolute best is the Lasuni Gobi. I am not one to use hyperbole in my reviews -- if I were on my deathbed this is seriously what I would want to eat. Lately I have been making a meal of the yummy butternut squash soup, the lasuni gobi and some roti. If I do get a big plate I go for the chana masala or aloo gobi matar, but again I like the small plates so much I usually go for those. It would be great if they offered chana saag, which I like better than masala, but that is just me being picky :)Service - really attentive and great. The first couple of times I found it overly attentive (on Valentine's Day I went with my hubby and it was too many interruptions). That has balanced out now though so your water glass is always full but you aren't constantly stopping your conversation. All of the servers are extremely nice, and one time they even let me use their phone when I had forgotten mine and realized my husband would be worried that I wasn't home. Decor - I love it! It is a long narrow space which has been many things over the past couple of years, and they did a great job. I love the mural on the back wall and the lamps. Cozy yet modern looking. Drinks - Best part is it is BYOB! You can bring a bottle of wine or some beers of your choice and they provide the glasses and can open the bottle for you. Makes it much more affordable than a lot of places in the area. I actually haven't ordered delivery yet -- since it is on the way home I usually end up eating there, but I am sure it will happen at some point. So go there and definitely get the Lasuni Gobi!
Best service possible. Went there for my birthday and the waiters were amazing. Extremely friendly and attentive. I have lots of food restrictions and they were able to work with me
So either something was seriously wrong with this restaurant and its cooking last night when my partner and I ate there, or you Astoria people have little idea what good Indian food really is...I was pscyhed to see that a new, highly-rated by Yelp users Indian restaurant has opened not far from my house. I thought "finally, decent Indian food in northern Astoria!" and hopped on over last night. Ok, here's the good and the bad: Service was good. Fluffy basmati rice was quite excellent. Veggie samosa was nicely presented with sauces on plate, but not as fresh as you can get in the shops in Jackson Heights, let's say. Then my partner ordered Lamb Vindaloo, a classic, and it came out, well, err, "saucey" as in too thick a gravy kinda like Italian meatballs with a fire that was not the acidic burning that should be in the vindaloo but seemed a bit too heavy on the black pepper, cardamon and/or something else. But what really was not good was the Chana Masala. The cumin hadn't seemed to have settled and mettled into the food to add taste, instead sitting atop the taste of the dish as if this dish wasn't cooked/simmered enough. At very least it suggests they didn't spice well, or in any subtle way, the Indian food that relies on spice...this morning my belly feels full and my guts packed with Indian food that somehow, in its workings through my digestive track, recalls the flower-based sauces of cheap takeout Chinese. NO, the food here doesn't taste like cheap takeout Chinese. But, like that stuff, there's something "off." Or, at very least, there was something off last night, a Wednesday when we showed up a little before nine. Was the staff waiting to go home, and thus simply slopped off our plates? I dunno. But man was this is a disappointment. That said, the garlic nan was  excellent. The regular nan was, well, regular...and nowhere near as good as that at Roti Boti, a cheap shop on 21st St.  In fact, Roti Boti (Indo-Pakistani Bangladeshi truck stop food) blows this place away at like 2/3 to half the price. Sorry. I really am.
Tonight my boyfriend and I ate dinner at Yarr for the first time and it was amazing! We've been meaning to check it out since it opened right by the subway but haven't gotten around to it until now. We went in and after doing so, I can't believe we waited so long. Aside from the delicious food, the staff was also great and nothing but friendly/attentive. Overall, fantastic experience and we can't wait to go back and try the buffet lunch there next!
Probably the closest to home cooked Indian good I've had in a while. Atmosphere and staff are a huge plus.
I always order take out from Yaar and always love it. They're consistently great with a warm staff and huge portions for the price! I'm in love with their Chana Masala that I won't order it from anywhere else. Do yourself a favor and grab some amazing Indian food from this place.
I love this restaurant. The food is always delicious and the service is really excellent. When I order food from here it always comes quickly. My favorite is the Chicken Tikka Masala and the mango lassi. Its a nice place to have a yummy comfortable meal. Best indian food.
Really delicious Indian.  Service was super nice, saag paneer was delicious and lassis were to die for.  Wasn't crazy about the ambiance but the food definitely made up for it.  My boyfriend had the chicken tikka masala which was also tender and well cooked.  Definitely recommend!
At first I was quite skeptical on trying this restaurant, but boy was I glad I went! Food was excellent and the service could not be any better. The waiters were extremely kind and always kept waters filled and even gave my friend yogurt when he said his food was a bit too spicy. Would definitely revisit!
Yummy indian food in Astoria - finally!!! Butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, samosas were all delicious. The Saag paneer was just okay but at a $10 price point you can't beat this for lunch!!! Warm, hot, buttery naan brought to your table. Service is great - nothing more than you can ask for. Plan to come back again and again! Lamb vindaloo is so freakin delicious. No one makes it like them!
So happy to finally have delicious Indian food around Ditmars. I love Seva, so finding out its the same owner is awesome. Food is delicious and fresh, I'll def be a regular here.
So glad to have an Indian restaurant within walking distance and yaar did not disappoint. Food is great and service was above and beyond. Although moth mangalore will forever be my favorite Indian in NY Yaar impressed me from day 1. I tried to leave an immediate 5 star review but it took a while to get their Yelp page up. Great dal, lamb, and tikka! Naan super fresh and flavorful! I usually don't like lassie but LOVED this one (which came complimentary from the manager after a lot of back and forth!) We'll def be back!
My first experience with this restaurant was delivery service.  I had ordered the vegetable tikka masala and the bhindi masala.  The vegetable tikka masala was not that good.  The sauce was too thick and coagulated.  This really turned me off but I am glad that I decided to give them a few more tries.  I have been back for dine-in service at dinner and for the lunch buffet.  The service was excellent.  They were very patient when our party could not decide what to order for dinner and had a lot of questions.  They also kept checking back on us.  There was a pre fixe special for dinner and it was a great value.  This makes it so much easier when you come with a party of people and need to divide up the bill afterwards.The service was good as well for the lunch buffet.  They kept refilling the water, taking away empty places and bringing more napkins.  The place was fully staffed and they did not miss a beat.  One time i came around 2:30 PM with only a little more time left for the lunch buffet.  I was concerned that there would not be enough food and they would no longer be refilling the buffet table.  One of the staff members reassured me that they will refill if needed and invited me inside to take a look at the food.  Even when I was eating, he specifically came over and asked if I was OK with the food or if I will need more.  Now that is great service.  I have never had anything less every time I have come here.  They are so friendly and efficient.  I really like the atmosphere of this place.  I will write off the one delivery service as a glitch and continue to patronize this place.
My family and i went to have iftar here today, and boy was it a great experience! The staff are super friendly and attentive. Great service. We went in at 7:40ish and ordered our food. We let them know that we can break our fast by 8:25 and they had the food ready for us by then! We had the prefix dinner and it comes with a choice of a samosa, basmati rice, an entré, and also a dessert. I chose the chicken samosa, chicken tika masala, and gulab jamun for dessert. It was delicious! The mango lassis were really good as well. I'll definitely come back here and recommend my friends! Thank you yaar for an amazing evening. By the way the candle light dinner was really cute!
Excellent food and service. Go to spot for Indian food in Astoria. Super friendly staff.
Best chicken tikka masala and garlic naan! The staff are so nice there too! Super convenient location right near the station too.
The food was great, and the service was even better. I can't remember having service this good, truly impressive. There were plenty of vegan and omnivore options.
My wife insisted we give it a shot and we were pleasantly surprised.Very attentive service, with the waiter being able to answer all our questions in regards to the food we were looking to order.The food comes out in about 15 minutes and it's exactly as the waiter described. Quality food that will leave you feeling full and at good prices.We've been here a few times the month of May 2016 and would definitely recommend.
Yarr is a great new Indian spot in Astoria! It's BYOB (which is always great) and the food is tasty. I haven't been for dinner yet, but there is a $10 lunch Buffett, and they bring you complimentary naan. The service is impeccable, and the servers are super friendly.  Needless to say, I will be back.
We came here with my bf after reading the reviews on Yelp and we were satisfied overall. The place is clean, the staff is so cheerful, the food was good. I got pri fix with Tikka Masala entree which tasted really good the chicken was really juicy. The pre fix menu was lil bit too much for me. I couldnt finish the masala, with the appetizers I got super full. The prices are really good.
The food is amazing. Definitely one of my favorite halal indian food spot. I had the chicken tikka masala and it was really good. There cheese naan is very good too and there mango lassi is excellent! The chicken vindaloo was really good as well. The chicken samosa is excellent. One of the best ive had!
Excellent food!! Excellent service!! Amazing price! Ate both at the restaurant and had take out, both were excellent. Tried the chicken tandoori, chicken tikka marsala and samosas, all were delicious. The staff is extremely nice and definitely know how to treat their customers! Great neighborhood find!
I just had my husband's 40th birthday party here. Sunny and the staff was amazing. Most of the guest had never had Indian food before but totally enjoyed it. The food and service was amazing. Thank you so much.
delicious Indian food in Ditmars! Delivery and pickup is quick, and the food is affordable, hot and fresh. The flavors are fantastic and distinct and you can tell this place puts love into all of the food that they make
The Ditmars food scene FINALLY has some great Indian food and it was worth the wait! The sauces are spot on and the food is seasoned very well. If you like it hot, they will not disappoint. If you don't like spice, they will accommodate. The restaurant is located directly under the Ditmars train stop in a clean, unassuming space so don't miss it when you walk by. We were told they have a lunch buffet and it appears they do delivery and take out as well. Check it out!
We started with vegetable samosas, which were perfect. Very crispy and a delicious filling. Both sauces were outstandingFor entree I had the chicken korma. This was the disappointing dish for me as it tasted like a tomato based sauce rather than a korma. Almost more like butter chicken or tikka masala.  At Seva, the korma was godly, beautiful vibrant yellow sauce with tons of nutty flavor and a wonderful strong saffron/turmeric flavor. I'm not sure if this was an error as the menu didn't mention tomato.My wife had the saag paneer and enjoyed it thoroughly, sadly that left me disappointed too as it was pureed spinach rather than delicate leaf spinach and it seemed very light on the garlic and ginger. I'm giving Yaar 4 stars rather than 5 because there was nothing that really stood out. While the food was good for what it was, it seemed very standard and just didn't have that wow factor that I was expecting. I will give it another shot in a few weeks and try some more dishes, perhaps something else will wow me.I was also a bit put off by the decor and ambiance. Everything felt so cold and sterile, not homey or cozy at all.
INCREDIBLY FRESH, AUTHENTIC AND DELICIOUS!!!!  You can always tell how good an Indian meal is going to be by the quality of the papadum sauces (tamarind and green chutney) they give you when you first sit down.  The sauces were FANTASTIC here, and so was the whole meal!My wife and I shared the Navrattann Korma, the Naan with coconut, the squash soup, and the fig appetizer. Amazingly yummy!!!  This is my new favorite Indian restaurant.  I can't wait to come back for the lunch buffet.
Over attentive maybe....better than being ignored.....food was amazing....spices were flavorful and powerful.....looking forward to seeing then again....
*Lunch buffet review. Really delicious Indian standards (tandoori chicken,tikka masala,basmati rice,veg samosa,chutneys) serves with basket of warm naan & friendly service all for $10. A steal. Oh & to the "lady" in line @ the buffet in front of me... You know that you can get up & refill your plate as many times as you want to. No need to put 5 scoops of rice on your plate the first round. Save some for the rest of us  you glutinous pig. Smh.
Reasonably priced and the chicken tikka masala was very good. Staff was incredibly nice.
Great deal. $10 for a decent Indian lunch buffet. Only downside is it gets a little too much with the water service. Felt like every sip I took the waiter would come and refill my glass, so I just ordered a Coke and told him to take the water glasses away lol. Also there were no vegetarian samosas so the waiter gladly cooked them up. However he cooked one at a time for our table. Food is still on point for a good price/service.
Very flavorful halal Indian food in the heart of Astoria. The roast cauliflower appetizer is perfectly balanced, leaving a long savory finish on your palate as you await your entree. The wait won't be long as the service is good.  The lamp saag is a lean lamb stew is in a "pulled lamb" gravy, very rich and satisfying. The butternut squash Kosta are croquettes in a curry sauce, most satisfying. Chicken Tikka Masala is a tandoori style chicken in a cream tomato sauce, what I'd expect to find at a high end Indian bar mitzvah.  Note: it's byob.  There are a number of nearby places for take out beer, this cuisine's perfect accompaniment.
Good to see Indian food back in the n.hood after the previous one, at the same place, closed down.Nice looking place, clean, and friendly customer service. .  The quality (chicken biryani) was alright, but not as good as I expected. Secondly, I think the menu is overpriced -- a major factor for me for not going there as often as I would like to. Maybe I should try the lunch buffet instead. I think 13 bucks is too much for a take out. I get the same in Manhattan for half the price. Or maybe I should have sat down for the 3-course meal for about the same price.I believe the menu should have under $10 items as well, if not, other places like the one next door, have more options. Also, a menu with pictures would be great.Overall, nice place. I may check it again.(a fork and some napkins would have been nice with my take out ...)
I have to say this is definitely one of the better Indian restaurants around! We ordered the trio of samosas, which includes lamb, chicken and vegetable samosas. Absolutely delicious!I ordered the chicken tikka massala which was sweet, but not too sweet. I'd recommend ordering it to a medium spice to give it that extra special something. My boyfriend ordered this lamb dish, spicy of course, and it was true to it's meaning! Very spicy but not painfully so. The only qualm I have about this place is regarding the to-go containers.... We asked to have our meals to go, and they combined the lamb and the chicken dish in one container! Yikes! We couldn't enjoy our second serving because everything was mixed up! Another great note, it's BYOB! If we knew earlier we definitely would've brought some wine, but no worries, we'll do it next time!I would definitely go here again, but I'll specify to keep the orders separate when we ask for to-go containers.
Once again just another confirmation that Yaar is still awesome! I come here frequently for the $10 takeaway buffet plate. Tandoori chicken is my go-to healthy and delicious lunch. When I want samosas, they usually give me a separate baggie so it doesn't "fill" my container, and I always get some great naan separate, too!It's an amazing deal, fantastic flavors, and the service is always helpful and friendly. Really there is nothing that is "bad" or even "just ok" -- I could have this every day for the rest of my life.
Even though this was a self service buffet, the service here was impeccable. The people were so beyond friendly and not even the annoying type. The food was really good as well, which was impressive because most buffet aren't as good. Great lunch spot.
The food was amazing! Must get mango lassi the kormo (think I'm spelling it wrong) was delicious. Gave a lot of food. Only ate half of my entree. The waiters were so nice and attentive.
We live down the block and order from here maybe once every two weeks since they've opened. It's so perfectly spot on each time. The delivery time is great - always arrives hot and packaged well. Amazing flavor, great samosas! Is highly recommend trying if you haven't yet. Being mostly vegan, I tend to try places that cater right to that - Yaar definitely does. They have great vegan options, including a vegan naan if my memory serves me correct. I'm sorry that I'm not citing specific dishes but at this point we've tried all the vegan ones and they are phenomenal. I still have some in the fridge...I'm hungry writing this.
Food is delicious, staff is super friendly & when I order online they usually arrive early!
Love this place. It's become my go-to Indian food restaurant due to location (right off the Ditmars stop) and the prices are pretty reasonable for the portions and quality. I've pretty much tried most of their non-vegetarian entrees and I've not been disappointed. I also love their chicken samosas! Great service, fast delivery and great food! Go now!
Solid spot! The food is delicious dine in and delivery. Service was excellent during the dine in experience. The garlic naan is so good. I've had several of the non-vegetarian entrees and have not been disappointed. The spicy level on the chicken vindaloo is not joking around! I was warned.
This review is for delivery. Ordered two dishes and naan at 6:30pm and received fresh, warm Indian food at my door 30 minutes later. The food was just the perfect touch of spice, naan was delicious and huge portions!! Would definitely recommend.
Excellent fresh food and fantastic service. Also it's byob which is awesome and hard to find in astoria.
The food here was great! Everything here is AMAZING. Especially loved there trio of samosas and chutney! Also the staff is super friendly- great service!
Excellent food, excellent service, and extremely friendly staff. Went to pickup dinner tonight and it was ready in 15-20 min. Ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, and chicken/veg samosas. Amazing!!! Very flavorful Indian food. One of the best I've had!
Amazing food, wonderful staff and a great ambience. The trifecta of a great dining experience. Keep up the great work.
I saw this place a few days ago, and I was so excited. Finally, an Indian restaurant near Ditmars! My boyfriend and I had dinner here, and it was wonderful. The food was delicious, and everyone was so nice. And their naan was the stuff of perfection- fluffy, light, and warm. We definitely plan on eating here often. It's yummy and really inexpensive.
Great Indian food! The only Indian restaurant around and they provide excellent service and probably some of the most delicious Indian food I have sampled. The location is really convenient right next to the ditmars blvd stop on the N. Highly recommend.
There was a time when we were obsessed with Delhi Heights and then their chef moved and it went downhill from there (this was back in 2009). Since then we never found a decent Indian restaurant in Queens until we discovered Yaar. Here is how I am going to rate it:Décor - Casual. If you are looking for a restaurant for it's ambience - Yaar might not be it. I am not saying it's terrible, but it's not what some of the restaurants in the city offer. Their lamps and wall décor is cute, but the seating isn't the most comfortable.Food - Best Indian food in Queens, by far! Their vegetable samosas taste just like they taste back in India. When you tell them to make it spicy, your food is SPICY. All the dishes we have ordered were very flavorful, met our expectations. We have had their Saag Paneer, Kofta, Bhindi - all delicious.Service - Their service is AMAZING! To some reviewers point, it may get little annoying when they keep checking on you every other minute - but hi - doesn't bother us. I would rather have that than someone who doesn't check on you for half an hour. We have gone here with three kids and large groups - they are really understanding when kids make mess or drop things. All in all, great service.Best part is it's BYOB - which we haven't done yet, but who doesn't like that? Great job guys and please don't let the quality of the food go down only because you are getting these great reviews.
I haven't dined in yet, but was thrilled to have an Indian take-out option so close! It was ready fast. The staff was friendly. The Chicken Tikka Masala is out of this world. And the portions are beyond generous, so it's a great deal. I can't wait to go back and try more of its enticing menu.Update: I've officially eaten in Yaar! They give your poppadoms at the table, which are a great start. Tried the trio of Samosas, which is a great app to share, and offers lamb, chicken, and veg. SO good. The naan was delicious as was the Chicken Korma and the Lamb Vindaloo. And the waiters were wonderfully attentive and friendly. And even though it's right below the subway stop, it's actually got a great atmosphere, and is nice and quiet. I also ordered delivery through seamless, and it arrived half an hour ahead of the estimate! The samosas and Naan were crisp, not soggy, and the entree serving was generous. I'm officially a big fan.
everything we had was excellent and delicious!portions are on point - plenty of leftovers. ingredients are fresh as f!!  my bf and I ordered delivery  (arrived early & hot)he says..."lived in Astoria over 10 years and ate a lot of Indian around here and this is up there..."ORDER:1 chicken korma (great! hugeee chunks of chicken mmmm)1 veg samosa (2 pcs - like testicles, a pair as it should be) yesssssss!1 order Naan (2 dinners so we should have got 2 orders of naan, our bad...) 1 fritter plate (good, large portion! should a skipped and gone cauliflower or soup, as fritters were a lot of fried food for us - now we know)1 saag panner  (good - liked it a lot, wanna try the potato/pea next time..) forgot to order mango lassi woops :(  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! as for me, I never liked Indian food so much but he's always wanting to order it and the converted me 0_O
We have a lot of desi friends, we eat Indian food all the time, I make Indian food at home. THIS ! cuisine is an absolute revelation. It's DELICIOUS, it's beautifully and lovingly prepared, the delivery is quick and friendly, and this is a huge treat to ourselves, to order the food. It is NOT ! expensive, and the portions are hearty (the samosa is bigger than a large man's fist lol) ... Cannot recommend them enough. And it's such a blessing to have them in the neighborhood.
There are no negatives. This is my new go to Indian. Great food. cauliflower appetizer with Garlic was super and I do not like cauliflower. Fig appetizer and samosas first rate. Lamb Rogan Josh excellent. Portion sizes big, prices low. Service and ambianbce are great. Why I am not heading back now I do not know but I will be there soon.
Could not be more psyched that this place opened! The Indian food in this area has been average at best. This food is not only incredible, but generously portioned. And they're not afraid to make it spicy. It is my new go-to Indian takeout. Love it.
After being lured in by their samosa samples last week, I was thrilled to stop into Yaar today for lunch. We were warmly greeted and immediately presented with friendly conversation and recommendations from the menu. The appetizers we ordered were fantastic. The roasted cauliflower, fig cutlets, and samosa trios were all unique and perfectly cooked. The lamb samosa, combined with the cilantro-mint chutney, was especially delicious. The chicken tikka masala did not disappoint either. Perhaps some of the best I've ever had. The chicken was melty and tender, and the sauce was perfect when smothered all over the jasmine rice. We'll certainly be coming back to try some more from their menu. Can't wait for the lunch buffet!
Finally! Excellent Indian food in Astoria at reasonable prices. And the buffet is excellent as well. Great service. Quiet atmosphere. Love it!
was there recently and i was thrilled with the selection and the suality of food and service.I will be back very happy
This place is da bomb.The samosas? Out of this world, AND they come with two dipping sauces. Count 'em. Two. The green one and the sweet brown one. Both are awesome.The rest of the food is great as well. So far I've had the chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, and chili chicken. All of them were fantastic.The delivery is super fast as well. I live 1 ave and 3 blocks away. The food is usually here in 20 minutes.In short, Yaar, take all of my money and stay with us forever.
Food is great!!!!! the price is perfect for a good dinner. The prix fix is only 13.30. I had a lentil soup, lam and rice and rise pudding. All of them were delicious. The service is excellent. I really recommend this delicious restaurant.
Excellent food, extremely good service, comfortable and casual, and very fair pricing.
This place is amazing. The staff are super kind and polite, but more importantly the food is outstanding. Everything I've had has impressed me, and I've probably eaten there half a dozen times. One of the guys, who I think might be the owner or GM is always waking around with a big smile asking if the spicy dish I got is good or too spicy (so far, it's always been food).
Came here for the buffet and was so satisfied.  The food was delicious, the environment was welcoming and the service was both attentive and extremely friendly.  Seriously, for a place where they don't need to take an order, the staff goes above and beyond.  My only wish is that there were more vegetarian options.  However for a $10 buffet was so wonderful.  I will most definitely be back!
Fantastic addition to the neighborhood. Fresh, beautifully prepared dishes. Excellent selection  for those who order vegitarian and vegan dishes. The BYOB option is well handled and I am sure Jolson's liquors across the street are happy too!
It was my first time coming here. It was a great experience. The food was good and so was the "ambiance." I would highly recommend it. The server was also welcoming, kind, and responsive. Definitely worth a try!
This Indian Buffet was great.  The service top notch. Water filled every few minutes.  The wait staff would ask if you are enjoying and yes we were.  Not many selections but was there was delish.  The best Chicken Tandoor moist and large pieces.and the tamarind sauce was to die for.  The only negative, I would have loved another dessert available gulab jamun would have hit the mark.  Cant wait to return
FINALLY, a great Indian restaurant near Ditmars. Great service, and the portions are large. Great, crazy spicy chicken vindaloo, and the naan and papadums are terrific. Will definitely be back. Lots.
The food was just disgusting, got hair, dint taste like authentic indian cuisine. Service was slow. My friend had vindalo and for me Chicken tikka masala and mango lassi. we both felt sick the other day. Came to know we both got food poisoned. I assume the kitchen use artificial expired food color. Not recommended.. be safe than sorry.
Great atmosphere, great service, great food. I made a comment about the spice level not being as high and they brought in a new set of the order. Much recommended!
I went to Yaar Restaurant on DiTmarS under the L today with a friend and we had the most wonderful, delish dining experience of very flavorful IndiaN FooD. GREAT LuncH BuffeT ! Excellent taste and aromas. Perfect service, clean , friendly and mostly very  very  tasty. Perfectly spiced. Vegetarian, Non-vegetarian and vegan too.Scrumptious !                                                   Please come and see what I'm talking about and support our local food establishments. Get some samosas to go-go-go...
Yaar is amazing! Great food, outstanding service, and always reliable. Highly recommend!
I am so happy, finally a good Indian food restaurant in the Ditmars area, my husband and I have been going to Seva on 30th avenue since an ex coworker turned us on to this delightful restaurant, well now the same Seva people are here, we stopped by last night and as expected the food was delicious and the service outstanding, true they know us and were very happy to see us but I saw everyone getting the same great service.The dinner was spicy and tasty without being overwhelming, the Naan, crispy and just totally delicious.Welcome to the neighborhood I know they will be a success.
Indian food near Ditmars. And it's BYOB. AND it's really good Indian food! Since they've opened, I've eaten here a few more times than I'm willing to admit--both for dinner and the lunch buffet. The samosas are huge, delicious, and flavorful. The curries are complexly seasoned and come to the table steaming hot with perfectly cooked rice. The vindaloo burns in the best way and the masala is nice and spicy. Both have fantastic favor that is not overwhelmed by the heat. The vegetarian options are plentiful and as delicious as the meat. The saag is unstoppable (try it with the lamb). The chicken and other meat is generously portioned in the curries (minor note: one time the chicken at the lunch buffet was a just a touch dry, but that's a more general issue with arriving rather late to lunch buffets and the mechanics of warming trays than anything happening in the kitchen). Finally, the naan. Delicious and fluffy and it comes in a few flavors. I like the plain myself, but I am going to try the coconut next time I'm back for more of that vindaloo!
my favourite indian spot nice friendly best customer service hands down. i would recommend to everyone!
Five stars! Great service, great atmosphere and amazing food! The chicken tika masala is amazing, the samosas outstanding and everything tastes fresh. Complimentary naan which is phenomenal and all this for lunch is only $10! All in all I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here and I will DEFINITELY be back again and again.
Good Indian food with prices that allow you to enjoy eating out without feeling guilty.  Highly recommend the nan. It was slightly crispy on outside and soft on inside. Love that the food came out piping hot too. Nice and courteous waitstaff. I think we have a winner.
Great food service and price in equal measure. So happy they're in my neighborhood.
Finally! Everything we tried here was delicious and Thank God because Ditmars has needed a good indian restaurant forever! Vegetable Tikka Masala was Sooo good, Vegetable Somosas were huge and flavor packed (tamarind and green sauces were the tastiest I've ever had), and the Baigan Bhartha was spot-on. Service was friendly and fast. The only drawback was the decor seemed cold and hollow--Nothing on the white walls yet and cold blue-ish lighting overhead. I hope they warm up the space, and give the walls some interest and texture! Even if they don't I'll be back for the best Indian Food I've had in a very long time!
Love this place! the food was phenomenal and the service was outstanding. everything was made fresh and it was so flavorful. nice quiet ambiance as well. this is definitely my new go to for amazing Indian food!
While we have yet to dine in at this restaurant, we have ordered and picked up several times.  So far our experiences have been excellent.  We've tried the malai kabab, chicken samosa, chicken tikka masala and chicken vindaloo.  The food has been delicious and the restaurant is a great addition to the Ditmars area!
The best service I've had in a while.  Attentive and caring is an understatement.  The staff made great recommendations and offered to replace certain ingredients/dishes.  Affordable and tasty. Right by the subway.  Plenty of seating.  No wait for a table on a Friday night and the food did not take long at all.
I got takeout from Yaar. The staff was very polite and gracious. The food was absolutely delicious. We had the chicken tikka and lamb paneer. Great prices and large portions. We didn't love the naan. Will definitely be back.
Cauliflower and samosa trio, delicious.  Chicken briani, fantastic.  Lamb vindaloo 9/10 spice factor, sublime. Rice pudding, heavenly!  Service, friendly and attentive.
Hands down best Indian restaurant! really good Indian food. Highly recommended! :D
This place is awesome! So glad its opened! From the staff to the food everything was excellent! Everyone was super attentive and friendly. Our water was constantly being filled which was great because my chicken vindaloo was spicy and very good. I can't wait to try the lunch buffet so I can sample more items off the menu! I will definitely be back and soon!
Just got back from an excellent dinner at Yaar. My husband is Indian and was very unhappy with the selection of Indian food in Astoria until we came here, our new favorite. We ordered butter chicken, matar paneer, daal tadka, and naan. The naan was excellent, and all of the other dishes delicious. The service was very attentive, and kind and accommodating of my two year old (they have high chairs). We will definitely be back.
Good food. We got the tandoori chicken and the lamb biryani as well as some garlic Naan. Definitely recommend all of the above, though the biryani is quite spicy. The have BYOB and the prices are quite low so it's a great cheap little date night. 4 stars because we had to wait a but for our food when the restaurant was pretty much empty and there are a lot of kitchen noises, but I 100% plan on coming back.
I don't get the 4.5 stars everyone is giving this restaurant.  I've been eating Indian food for years, and the food at Yaar is not very flavorful and seems very "Americanized".  What a disappointment. I've eaten there twice - the first time, I tried their lunch buffet which is only about $11 and was mostly veg dishes with a couple of chicken dishes (no lamb, no goat).  I found the food to be pretty bland and not spicy at all.  The second time, I went there for dinner and ordered everything "spicy"....however, the food was barely spicy at all!  Most of the dishes were just "ok" but nothing special. On a more positive note, I did like their naan, which was really delicious!  If you check-in with Yelp, you get a free naan!  Also, they gave us two rounds of complimentary papadam, which is probably the best I've ever had!  Service was excellent!   :)Here is the menu shared by 4 people:~ Green Chili Chicken - onion, green pepper, ginger garlic sauce~ Lamb Rogan Josh - hearty blend of cardamom and cinnamon curry~ Butternut Squash Kofta - croquets, cashew nut, almond yogurt sauce~ Chana Saag - chick pea, spinach, garlic, ginger, fresh roasted cumin~ Basmati Rice~ Naan
Food was delicious! Wait staff was very attentive.Ambiance was relaxing. Music could be more up beat.Would love to see a vegan desert.
This place is great. Conveniently located right next to the NW train, its a perfect place to eat or or grab and go. Their pick up service is quick, I have ordered in the restaurant for pick up and haven't waited too long to get my food. The lunch Buffet is excellent and fresh. I love the variety of food, and its constantly coming out hot and fresh. A what deal! Yaar is fairly priced,all the time but the lunch Buffett special is a steal! AYCE Indian buffet? Yes!!The interior is cozy and appropriately decorated. The servers were pleasant and attentive.Another fun thing, depending on how you feel about it, is it is BYOB (Bring your own bottle) and No Cork Fee.
BYOB is always a plus with me. Quiet but excellent service and food. They had a fantastic pre fix if you didn't want to order a la carte.
Yaas, Yaar! My boyfriend and I came for their AYCE $10 lunch buffet. You just can't beat that price for great Indian food, not to mention the service!It's very open and clean, though I don't recall there being *too* many seats here. They checked up on us frequently, but not too often. Our waters were refilled anytime they were close to being empty - which is impressive since our cups were relatively small.As for the food? Everything was great. Somethings a little spicier than I would've liked (which is no surprise - I just don't have a high tolerance) but it was all good. The basmati rice was perfect, and I loved the spices in the chicken tikka masala, chicken tikka and samosa. They also had a rice pudding for dessert. Total package!
Came here with several friends on Sunday evening and was so glad I made the decision to come to this place. First off its BYOB with no corking fee so that's a plus! The decor is pretty dope, the murals on the wall are very pleasing to the eye, really awesome work. Lastly, the food was amazing!!! Don't slack on the lamb vindaloo Soo good!! More importantly the service was great really attentive and kind! Suffice to say Yaar is my new fave Indian restaurant in Queens!
Oh hayyy, 2017! Let's start this year off with one of my favorite local spots in Astoria - Yaar! First, let's talk about location. It's RIGHT off the train, so trust me when I say this spot is super convenient to get to. Yaar has a nice ambiance inside. It's narrow, but they definitely utilize the space in a smart way and they have ample seating. I've always managed to get a table even when it's pretty busy. Food wise, everything here has been great. I appreciate that they have a unique variety of flavors of Naan to choose from. The coconut is my favorite but I also love the cheese, garlic and plain as well. The price-fixe dinner is a must - considering you get a choice of an appetizer (samosa or soup), an entree (includes all the classics + rice) and a dessert (galub jamun or kheer) all for less than $15. What more can you ask for? Everything I've had was delicious. Incredibly flavorful and hearty. Plus the dishes they use are beautiful! And most of all, what truly shines here is the service as well as staff. Every time I'm here, I feel at home. The staff goes above and beyond. They're friendly, always provide suggestions (helps me with my indecisiveness) and incredibly polite. They really take care of you here.  Whether i'm doing the price-fixe or going from the regular menu, every choice here has been a good one. I'm a loyal customer/fan and suggest going here for all those Indian food cravings. You won't be disappointed.
Rude associate. Ordered garlic naan and tikka masala to pick up. Online promotion for free naan when you check into yelp. Associate advised that it is not for garlic naan and would not make an exception even though this was not explained in the promotion. I order from here all the time. It's upsetting that there is no customer appreciation. Straight black and white answer, associate did not even check with anyone to see if he could make an exception, it's a dollar difference. Pathetic.
The best Indian in Astoria  amazing chicken chili defo go back there again and they have a buffet on sat and sun for $11 eat all you want 11-3pm
I was there while visiting NYC and went there with my friends. First this is close to the train, which is very convenient. And, also they have space for parking as well. So, that one does not have to wonder around looking for parking. The food we ordered were all tasty. I liked the chicken wings very much. Be careful while ordering Vindaaloo, it is very spicy. The staff were very attentive and courteous. I will go there when i visit NYC.
Quite possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. The food is always consistent and 100% authentic. The staff here is so nice and always accomodating to your needs. I would recommend the lamb korma and shrimp tikka masala. I personally don't eat meat and only stick to seafood so the shrimp tikka masala is the absolute best for me(It is actually one of the only places I've come across that actually makes it with shrimp) The free naan with check in is a great deal! Ask for the garlic or cilantro naan! They have an all-you-can-eat lunch buffet too with at least 4-5 different options ranging from vegetarian dishes to meat dishes as well. Definitely give this place a try, I can almost guarentee that you'll want to keep coming back! Yes this place is never really that crowded but don't let that fool you!
Yaar Indian Restaurant is great for dinner. They give you a delicious filling meal. The great service and candlelit dinner makes you feel like the meal is worth much more than $13.95!Protip: Yelp checkins gets you a free plain naan. We couldn't finish all our naan so we got two for the table and two to go!*Food*Their prix fixe dinner menu is $13.95. For that price, you get to choose a samosa, entree and dessert. Plus they give a bowl of thin crispy savory Indian crackers (Papadum) with red and green sauce as a starter. So good! I ordered the lamb samosa, chicken tikka masala and kheer. The mango lassi was cold, sweet and refreshing. The lamb samosa was the size of two ping pong balls with thick crunchy crust and tender juicy bits of lamb. The creamy tomato-based chicken tikka masala was perfect over the turmeric-rich basmati rice. And the kheer was creamy milky but a bit too sweet for me. Regardless, I ate all of my dessert!I got to try the Baingan Bharta (eggplant) dish thanks to my friend. This dish was tender and sweet with textured eggplant cubes among the mashed eggplant. I love eggplant so I am definitely ordering this next time! We got to eat, chat and savor our meals. We ate until it was painful for our stomachs, and we still brought leftovers home! What a great value meal. *Service*We got excellent care from the staff. They wiped the tables when we had crumbs, replaced our plates and gave us multiple napkins. Thank you Yaar! If I lived here, I would eat here all the time!
In my last review I mentioned my disappointment with the chicken tikka masala, which kept me away from Yaar for awhile. My most recent visit was enlightening, and solved a months-old mystery. This time, my girlfriend ordered the chicken tikka masala, and I witnessed it firsthand in all of its intended creamy, orangey glory. my last visit I must have been given the wrong order, which is okay, accidents happen and such. I can attest that their tikka masala is still on point, at a price that can't be beat: $12.95 which includes rice (& make sure to use the naan check in offer too!) 5 stars for Yaar!
I came here late in the evening with a few friends and was impressed by the delicious food and great service at this Ditmars Blvd. spot. I highly recommend the $14 pre fixe deal..it comes with an appetizer, main course, basmati rice and choice of dessert. To start, we were given a complimentary appetizer of an airy, crunchy bread, with sweet and savory sauces on the side. I ordered the lamb samosa to start my meal and loved the flavors. We also ordered a side of garlic naan, which does not come with the pre fixe deal. For just $3.50, they brought us two full baskets of bread, which was more than enough to go with our meal. For the entree, I had the chicken tikka masala and was impressed with the amount of food that came with the deal, as well as the quality. It was neither too mild nor too spicy..really the perfect balance. Dessert was kheer, a delicious rice pudding with almonds and fruit.Another plus: Yaar is BYOB, giving you the chance to bring in some craft beer or a bottle of wine to add to the meal. Overall, wonderful experience and I plan to go back!
My first experience here was awesome I was pleased to discover their pre fixe menu which offers mostly the popular dishes and appetizers for only $15!!!! You can't go wrong with that. The food was excellent trust me because I am of South Asian descent and I can be very critical of curries. I usually order the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag and it ALWAYS comes out right every time. Those are my favoriting dishes to get there and I am sure the other dishes are good as well.  The appetizers I always get the Lasuni Gobi which is like a garlicky cauliflower app which is MY FAVE AND THE BEST MUST TRY. The samosas are good as well and they all come with the Pre Fix so give it a try. The staff is always nice and they always give good suggestions. Seriously this is my go-to spot for whenever I crave Indian food.
LOVE IT. +++ service+++ BYOB+++ food (could be spicier)+++ FOODOnly thing that I didn't quite enjoy was the dessert. But who cares haha. the main course is where it's at.
Conveniently located right out of the train station Yaar is always my go to for takeout when I don't feel like cooking. Butternut squash kofta, saag paneer, butter chicken and garlic naan are my favorite. All the dishes are full of flavor and spice. The staff is super friendly too which is always a plus! Easily one of my favorite Indian restaurants!
Yaar is the younger sister restaurant to Seva, a well-established Indian restaurant not too far away. Same owner with slightly different styles of Indian food. We arrived at 12:00 PM sharp for their all you can eat buffet. There was a total of ten different dishes including dessert, a sweet carrot purée. Side salad is also available that I didn't count. Popular favorites such as the Chicken Tikka Marsala and Saag Paneer was present! What I loved most about Yaar is their spicy level!My favorite dish was the Chicken Meatballs that day and that blew me away! The meat very tender that the knife just went through it with little to no effort at all. It was packed with spices and spicy curry flavor. I am not an Indian food expert but I have eaten at a handful of other Indian establishments before and their spicy level has been toned down but not at Yaar's! Full on spicy kick right away! Fresh, hot naan was served just as we sat down with our first plate. Unlimited servings of naan as well! We went above and beyond the buffet and got Lamb Samosas. You cannot leave Yaar without trying them! Minced lamb meat wrapped in a pyramid- shaped dough and deep fried. It was super hot when it came out of the kitchen. Lamb meat was well seasoned was so moist. It was incredibly good! The spicy green sauce would be its best companion! After all that heat, a glass of Mango Lassi will help cool us down. Sweet and smooth serves just as the perfect drink to end our meal. Good news is that buffet is available everyday from 12:00 pm to 3:00 pm. And the even better news? Yaar does not skimp on quality or portion! Get your share now!
I decided to branch out the other day and try a different Indian option in Astoria, seeing that this place had good reviews.  We tried the chicken makhni (butter chicken), some of the roti, samosas, etc.  I was particularly impressed by their breads - the paratha was so delicious even cold the next day.  The butter chicken was brighter in color than I was expecting, but was super flavorful and there were some chunks of ginger and veggies in the sauce that gave it this nice, fresh, herbaceous-ness that's harder to achieve in such a spicy, rich dish.  Samosas were good - better than Seva, in my opinion.  I also appreciated that the food was far less salty overall than some of its Astoria peers.  Looking forward to trying more dishes here in the future!
Best affordable meal in Astoria hands down!Chicken saag, masala and baigan bhartha are all phenomenal!
It's really the best Indian restaurant in all NYC. The places in Jackson Heights and Curry Hill can't compete with the freshness and variety of flavors. I've eaten here consistently for the past two years. Never a bad meal.
Great buffet, menu and service. Everything I've had here has been awesome. My husband is allergic to dairy and they even made him a special dairy-free chana masala once even though we got the buffet! So nice- love this place!
Amazing food and customer service! To start: free, complimentary papadum is served with two dipping sauces: green chutney and sweet tamarind chutney. The papadum was light and crisp; the sauces, flavorful and thick! Yelp check-in offer:  free naan. I chose coconut naan. It came with 4 pieces and was enough to share with my friend. The naan was warm, fluffy and savory with a sweet coconut flavored coating. It was a nice change from my usual order of plain or garlic naan. Prix fixe dinner: From the $13.95 prix fixe, I chose the lamb samosa (appetizer), chicken korma (main) and rice pudding (dessert). Here's how everything went for me: Lamb samosa: packed with ground, savory lamb. I could really taste the lamb and preferred each bite covered with chutney to balance out the slight gaminess.  I only ate half of it because it was filling and I also didn't want to ruin my appetite. I ended up taking it to go. Chicken korma: mild and creamy with large pieces of chicken. I asked for spicy, but I didn't think it was spicy at all. I also think it could've used more salt. It was good overall, but not a stand out for me. Chicken tikka masala (my friend's dinner): My friend ordered this for her prix fixe. The chicken pieces were slightly smaller than the korma chicken pieces, but the sauce was more flavorful, tart and creamy. I preferred the chicken tikka masala over the chicken korma. Rice: the prix fixe comes with a good portion of rice. Rice pudding: creamy and slightly sweet with raisins and other spices. It was the perfect portion size after a big meal. (I was really full by the time the dessert came out!)Customer service: amazing and attentive. All I can say is wow! Our cups were constantly being filled, we were asked how the food was and their timeliness was incredible -- after eating our appetizers, we were asked if ready for the main meal so things weren't rushed. That was pretty cool :) I'm sad that I don't live nearer to Astoria, but I would travel from Douglaston to Yaar again for their amazing service and food!
Love Yaar Indian food! I always enjoy ordering the chicken Sarah and garlic naan. Plus, it's BYOB, making this place one of the best finds in Astoria.It's very nice inside and still is not as popular as other places, so it's a rare gem right now. You can sit inside and actually enjoy the food and a conversation!
Stellar restaurant. Food was exceptionally good, well presented, and in plentiful portions. Service was excellent, they even went so far as to make us and entirely new entree because of a small, inconsequential (to us) error: serving chicken korma instead of the lamb korma we ordered. That is going above and beyond. The ras malai was clearly homemade, and that is how you know an Indian restaurant puts in the effort. The decor was simple but inspiring, the prices were an absolute steal (10-13 an entree, don't think I saw anything pricier than that). In addition, they have a pre-fix menu. The best part? BYOB!!!
I went here one evening over the weekend and it wasn't too crowded, but the ambiance there was perfect and welcoming. The part of Astoria it's located in is also near a lot of other nice bars, cafes and restaurants. To start I ordered the trio samosa as an appetizer to split with two other people. It was delicious and definitely a good deal! It came with 3 different kinds of samosas (vegetable, chicken, and lamb) all with different textures and flavors. The dish also came with two different sauces, one sweet and one more spicy, that paired extremely well with each option. The traditional samosa, vegetable, was the favorite among us but it was great to have the variety at the table as well. As my entree I ordered the butter chicken which did not disappoint. It came with basmati rice that had excellent flavor. I have had this dish many times, due to my love for Indian cuisine, and the traditionally rich/creamy tomato sauce was done very well. It was also a very filling entree, I had leftovers to take home. My boyfriend who generally isn't a fan of Indian cuisine ordered the kabob and he thought it was delicious as well. Everything about this place, from the lighting to the great flavors in the dishes, is somewhere I would recommend to anyone.I had a great meal and evening, I will definitely be heading back!
Delicious food with right amount of spices. "lasuni Gobi" and "chicken samosa" is a must try here. Will be back again.
We had a great meal at Yaar Indian Restaurant.  We were meeting friends at Astoria and running late an suggested Indian food because I had a hankering.The service was fantastic and the staff really takes care of you.The food is fantastic really far better than Indian in Manhattan.  It's authentic and youthful and approachable at the same time.We had the pre fix dinner and my wife ordered the Chicken Tikka cooked to perfection.  I ordered a Lamb Saag and Butternut Squash Soup.  The Lamb Saag with a little bit of spiciness is perfect to kick of a nice of relaxation and the weekend, it something refreshing with a kick that really wakes you up and revitalizes your mood.The butternut squash was creamy and hearty and very nice to balance and clear the palette. We really loved our experience at Yaar, it's a high quality bold flavored expression of Indian flavors without apologies.Highly recommended.
Food was amazing and so was the staff.I wanted to have veg and was not sure about it in the beginning but they surprised me with their Veg items.  They were so good. Went back again and then tired their Chicken - I must tell you - Don't miss their Chicken Kabab and Veg Gobi. Staffs were friendly and was there to serve some real food.
BOMB! Delicious indian food with amazing lunch deals! My boyfriend and I came here on a Wednesdays ordered two lunch combos which each came with an appetizer and entree with rice. Both were a total of $9 each. We even ordered garlic naan and an extra appetizer to share. Oh and if you check in you get a free naan as well! Our bill came to a total of $28! WIN!
Pick up is always fast, by far the best indian place in Queens. I don't live in Astoria, but I often call-in for takeout.
A diverse menu and super fast delivery! The lamb samosa is definitely a favorite of mine.
Great service. The servers are kind and patient. I totally blanked out twice when the server was explaining to me which samosa was lamb, chicken, and vegetable. We ordered the trio of samosa. When he saw my blank face, he explained it again kindly. Mango lassi is awesome! Good tamer for spice. The yogurt marinated grill chicken is sooo tender and that yogurt sauce is da bomb. The curries werent memorable but acceptable. I will definitely revisit as it is very affordable and servers are great.
I'm here for dinner, but noticed that lunch buffet is now only on weekends.  $10.95 posted price.  As for my meal, well, I spend enough time in India in so many different cities, I really have no solid point of comparison.  I guess it's all fine.  Not really my thing.  (I'm strict veg.)
Delicious food and great service! Lunch buffet has enough varieties, and unlimited naan. Modern interior design. Very delightful dining experience!
With respect to the buffet, I found the food average relative to other indian buffets.  It's a good value in terms of quantity and they provide your table with fresh naans. The chicken and saag dishes were just ok in my opinion.  I would like to check out the regular sit down menu as I would think that could be a step higher.Their service is what takes it to a different level (hence 4 stars). Very attentive and friendly overall.  It is also byob...which I would think adds some additional points for many reviewers!  The ambiance is comfortable and well maintained.  For generic indian food and a good experience, this could work well.
Alright so I almost never like Indian restaurants but this one I lovedddd. The service was amazing, our waiter was so nice and friendly. The food was pretty good, I had the garlic cauliflower and aloo saag (spinach and potato) they were both very nice. What I loved even more was the atmosphere of the place, they had a lovely painting up on the wall and the music was very nice, I enjoyed just sitting there, very calming and relaxed environment. Basically, I wouldn't go anywhere else for good Indian food.
This place has been open for about a year or so.This place is great for 2 reasons.For the lunch buffet which is 11.99, it is an all you can eat buffet with 4 meat and 4 vegetarian choices, rice, naan bread and salad, plus 2 choices of dessert. 2 types of chicken, lamb, etc.They also have a prix fix for 14.99.1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 dessert. It also comes with rice.Service is great, the place is decorately simply but tastefully and pretty quiet despite the train being overhead.Do go you won't regret it. The CHicken Tikka Masala is always my favorite at Indian Restaurants.
I absolutely love this place. I am always greeted with smiles and delicious food. Every once in a while, they throw in something extra because they like their customers. The portions are hefty too. Highly, highly recommended.
My first take out from here. Did prix-fixe menu for $13.95. It was all delicious and filling. Lentil soup is yellow & creamy. Chicken vindaloo was actually spicy. Finally! An indian restaurant with spicy & not "american spicy" food. Good chicken chunks. The basmati rice is flavored with fennel seeds and mild curry flavor. So so tasty. Gulab jamun is my favorite dessert (after the rice pudding with cashews....loooove it) theres something heavenly about that honey syrup. Decor is modern, calm. Gorgeous bar lighting. The space was very well done. Service is friendly and very polite.I would gladly return for my indian food fix. Good thing i live nearby. I recommend it.
I always thought Seva is the only good Indian restaurant in Astoria area. But now, there is Yaar. It may be that Yaar is now arguably the best Indian in the area.Especially, Yaar's vindaloo is very good.
Without giving too much away - this is the best Indian food I've found since my move to Astoria 1.5 years ago. My boyfriend and I walked in on what may have been their grand opening. We ordered take out and were so pleased!Trying to be budget conscious, we attended the weekend lunch buffet where I was THRILLED to find Chana masala and veggie samosas. I'm a meat lover but these are my two favorite dishes. My boyfriend loved that rice pudding was included. Service is always spectacular and the food never disappoints!
IGht , my white ass LOVES Indian food. Curry is life. Swag. But for real, this place delivers delicious food with amazingly kind service. Decor is warm and simple , dim lighting , nice place overall. Samosas are LITTTT   There's a pre fixe menu, 3 courses for 14$. Amazing deal. I can usually eat like I have 3 assholes and it filled me to the point I'm almost dead writing this in my car. My girl and I ate our meals, had extra naan bread, and had lemonade  the bill was 36$. Can't beat it. High quality food and service for a very good price. Eat here or a kitten will explode in a baby's hands while the grandmother watches. Yaar is lit
I have been living in Astoria for a little over a year now and this was one of the first restaurants that I dined in. From the moment I walked in, I was greeted by staff that made me feel very welcomed. Staff does a great job at recommending best dishes and listening to your taste preferences. I went with one of their recommendations and my gf went with another. Both dishes ended up tasting awesome. I have been there a few more times since and every single time I am impressed with the service and the food. The ambience is very laid back with dark lighting and enough space between tables that you don't feel like other patrons are invading your space and conversations. You can stay as long as you want and won't feel any pressure from staff to pay the bill and leave. Best part about this place is the BYOB deal! Def recommend this place every time!
Excellent food must try! Staff is super nice and food is very good on a budget. My favorite is chicken tiki masala, will never go wrong with the jasmine rice on the side.
Wow the food here is spot on. The convenience of the restaurant right by the subway station is ideal. Friends gathered for a great dinner here. Service was wonderful with great decor inside that reminded me of a Persian motif with the lighting that seemed to come from Turkey.Highlights of the night were the naan bread. We particularly liked the garlic naan and the cilantro naan. It was great for dipping in our butter chicken, lamb korma, shrimp tikka masala, and saag paneer. All dishes were great. Fresh wonderful ingredients and you definitley got the char from the tandor on the proteins. We also had the vegetable samosa as a starter and the spicey sauce was great with the wonderfully fried samosa with potato, peas, and carrots. Washing it down with a mango lassi was refreshing and sweeet that cut into the spices. Great service and great food. You can't ask for anything more and i would definitley come back.
I just love this place! They are so kind and courteous. Excellent table and delivery service and the food to really fantastic!
The waitstaff is amazing here so I feel bad for the average review. The restaurant was completely empty on Sunday night at 7:30 although there were a ton of take out. The place clean and inviting. My friend and I both out the prefix menu. We shared everything. It comes with an appetizer, entrée, and dessert. A lot of food for $15 My favorite out of everything was probably butternut squash soup appetizer. We got the paneer saag and the chicken tikka masala in medium spicy and they were not spicy at all. The chicken was over cooked and the overall flavors were kind of bland. To credit the restaurant, they did give us jalapenos when we said it wasn't spicy enough. Our server was super attentive and very friendly. The free naan with a check in was nice but ultimately the meal did not do it for me.
Great food and service. My friends and I left stuffed and content.The samosas were delicious and the chicken was particularly excellent. A little unassuming from the outside but you should not let that deter you from the magic inside.
We visited this restaurant based on the previous yelp reviews.  This place is BYOB, so make sure to grab a bottle before visiting.  The food was delicious and the flavors were authentic, and I definitely recommend it. It is very close to the Ditmars train stop.  We started with these little fig cakes that look like mini hamburgers. The texture was unique and the flavor was good, and mixed well with the accompanying sauces.  My Vegetarian friend had a dish made with squash, and my wife and I had two different lamb dishes, both were satisfying. The Naan breads that we ordered were also very good, and the leftovers even tasted good the next day after coming out of the toaster oven.  The service was also friendly and attentive.  There is a nice mural painted o on the back wall, but my only suggestion to the owners, would be to add a little more ambience elsewhere, as the white walls and lack of decor give a bit of a sterile feel to the place.
This is a great atmosphere and fabulous food.  Good Hospitality and music.  I would recomand and would come many many times.
Veggie samosas tasted freshly made; the accompanying mint and tamarind sauce was some of the best I've tried -- very fragrant and not, in the case of the tamarind sauce, overly saccharine. The chicken tikka masala was solid and the white meat wasn't dry (a rarity!). Naan was light and airy. My one quibble: the aloo gobi matar. The sauce tasted of two dischordant notes (tomato and garam masala-esque) in need of better melding/development.BYOB is great. Service is very attentive and sincere. Glad to see this addition to Astoria!
Came here for the lunch buffet. $10 for unlimited Indian food with endless Naan (delicious indian flat bread) and great customer service...sounds too good to be true, doesn't it?!The buffet that day included rice, 4 different sauces, saag, some different bean dishes, chicken tikki masala, tandoori chicken, curry, vegetable samosas, and some others I can't remember at the moment. The tandoori chicken stood out; it was super moist and delicious. The waiters are attentive, quick to refill our Naan and water, and always available to make sure we were satisfied.Will be returning soon!
Went there on a Saturday night, place was empty. The food was really good and you can't beat the byob!
Food is pretty good. I like the lunch specials and I would samosa is the best thing I had. The curries were amazing, they used the perfect spices and rice was well cooked. The ambiance inside is very good.
The best place to dine in when you are looking  for a nice Indian restaurant with better environment and excellent food.  I was there one day just to try out feeling hungry with my friends.  At first when we entered we liked the layout of the restaurant. The employees were very good and helpful.  Since we were hungry, we asked one of the employees to order the best food they have by themselves. We hot chicken samosa, sheesh kabob, chicken curry, and goat curry.   The food was awesome. Every dishes were well cooked and properly minced with herbs and spices.  I am planning to take my wife with me next time and dine in again. I recommend everyone to go and try this place.  This place is very good.
I love yaar! I was kinda doubting this place because it looked kinda Americanized from the outside but I was proven wrong. The food was authentic. The flavors were rich. The environment was clean and all at such an amazing price of $10 which also includes dessert in the buffet and naan (Indian bread). My favorite part was the service, they were so attentive and kind! I am very impressed and will definitely be returning. :)
Really good food and really easy to get to off the subway. Only criticism would be that the buffet could have used a couple more options but what they put out was solid!
I've been ordering from Yaar since they first opened. The food is always delivered with care and on time, and most importantly its soul warmingly gooooood. The staff is great, there was once a small mistake with my order and they called me automatically to let me know, delivered on time, and apologized again, although they had already gone above and beyond.
Saw the Yaar Indian Restaurant in Yelp and decided to give it a try. IT WAS FABULOUS!We started with the Anjeer Tikki and Vegetable Samosa. Followed up with Mulligatawny Soup and Butternut Squash Soup using our Roti to scoop up the soup. We then shared the Jhinga Tikka Marsala.Everything we ate was delicious, the service was excellent and the atmosphere casual and cozy.Even though we don't live in the neighborhood, we will take the 20 minute ride from Bayside to dine at this restaurant again.
Food here is on point! Chicken Vindaloo is spicy just the way I like it. Samosas were nice also. Def. Will eat again.
Yaar is a great Indian takeout. I haven't been to the restaurant so I can't review that part of their business but I will say they take a great deal of care with their food and service. I order vindaloo regularly and until now I have struggled to find one with this right level of spice. I ordered here and added 'extra spicy' to my comments because I wanted to be clear that I like it VERY spicy. They called me to make sure of the level of spice they were applying to my meal because they didn't want to make it unbearable! I thought it was a nice touch. The other thing I love about Yaar is their poppadoms. So light and fragile but delivered with such care that they aren't smashed to pieces by the time you get them. Finally, the chicken is delicious. I won't be going anywhere else for Indian food in the future. Thank you!
Single best meal I've ever had for less than $15! We came for the pre-fixe dinner for $14, add $1 if you're having a lamb entree. The portions are huge, the food is incredible quality and the service was second to none. It's BYOB so stop in Key Food for some beer on you way in.Seriously, this is the best Indian food with the best service at the best price.Unbelievably good.
I saw Yaar advertised on my local elite page and was impressed with the good review so I decided to try it out. And so glad I did! This is a great new addition to the neighborhood. It's so nice to have a new (and affordable) Indian place around.I placed a delivery order for coconut naan, plain naan, Lamb Rogan Josh, a side of rice, and gulab jamun. I was an idiot and forgot that my lamb dish came with rice... but hey, extra rice never goes to waste in my home.The order came surprisingly fast and food was all warm on arrival. Naan, rice and lamb dish were all very good. The Lamb Rogan Josh (and I suspect all main entrees) can easily feed 2. It was delicious and hearty. I wasn't as crazy about the gulab jamun, but that's just a personal preference... there was nothing bad about it, it's just not my favorite. I'll probably try the kheer next time since I love kheer... I had just wanted to try something new this time around.I will certainly try this place again.
I waited too long to eat here. This place is delicious and the prices are amazing. Great for date night.
the food was absolutely wonderful, and the servers were so sweet and accommodating. i'd love to eat here again-I recommend the chicken korma!
Our new local favorite! Great service, awesome food and cheap price point! Fritter platter and butternut squash soup was great. Lamb rogan and shrimp masala have so much flavor. Onion naan is large and tasty. Big portions too!
I came in for lunch and had the buffet. The place was clean and there were plenty of great tasting options. I can't believe how great the selection and food was for only $10 a person!
Best Chicken Tikka Masala I ve had and great service!!! I live in Brooklyn and try to stop by everytime I get a chance.
As indian food addicted,  this small restaurant bring indian dishes to high standard. Chicken Tikka masala was really good.The chicken tandoori very well seasoned..Every dish is really goods.For sure, will be back
Really cute Indian place. The portions are on the large side. The staff is friendly and very attentive maybe to attentive. The food was delicious. We ordered the samosa trio and the cauliflower to start, both were very flavorful. I wasn't much a fan of the lamb one but chicken and veggie were great. For mains we got the vindaloo chicken (not terribly spicy and the chicken was tender)  and the tandori chicken (very tender also and the yogurt sauce was very goo) along with them we got naan which was perfect. We also got the mango drinks which were very tasty and helped with the spice from other dishes. I would go back for sure.
Excellent Indian food. Glad to have such great food so close to my home. Portions are generous, food is perfectly spiced and service is always great, whether eating there or ordering delivery. Favorites are the Butternut Squash Soup, Samosas, and Lamb Vindaloo.
This is exactly what I want out of an Indian restaurant. Everything I've had has been excellent, the staff is friendly and attentive and I've never had a bad experience. When you order something hot, it's HOT, but just the right amount to give you a good burn but still let plenty of flavor through. I can't say enough good things about their chicken tikka masala.
Unbeatable... The service starts from the door. They took to the seat gently. Then welcomed us with the crunchy papadums and sauces. The appetizer veg samosa was amzing. The food was as well as outstanding, the level of spicy and the ingredients is perfect on the food. The price is also really reasonable. Its great choice. Thank you yaar for great service with delicious food. Will see u soon again.
Yaar has great food! Absolutely love the server that served us and the owners were awesome as well! I would really like to thank the main chef for all his hard work and of course, the amazing food he makes every day. Every time I come here, I know the money I spend on Yaar is absolutely worth it! I definitely recommend this place to anyone interested in trying out Indian food!
It's very easy to miss this new addition to the Ditmars area of Astoria. The restaurant is located under the Ditmars Blvd stop of the N/Q line with an unassuming front. Once inside, you'll find yourself in a sparsely but tasteful interior. It's spacious and reasonably quiet.We were seated right away when we went. The service was very attentive. We ordered Lamb Korma. Chicken Tikka Masala, and the Trio Samosa for an appetizer. We also ordered a naan. The trio samosa consists of lamb, chicken, and vegetable samosas. The order is a good size for two people. It's spicy but not overwhelming. The spice gives a nice warmth and would be perfect on a cold day. The server asks how spicy you want your dish when your order is taken. Generally I would order spicy but not with a new place. The main dishes were fairly good. It's not the best Indian cooking that I've had but its good. I will definitely go back. The dishes are very affordable. I think the most expensive dish was $13. They do not have a liquor license yet, but they encourage you to BYOB. They also have an all you can eat lunch buffet for $10,Overall, I give this place four stars because of the atmosphere, service, and convenience. If you like Indian food and you're in the Ditmars area, I recommend you try out Yaar and see for yourself.
My wife and I have been to Yaar on few occasions and never really felt disappointed. The food is excellent and they have a real good variety. The starters, main course and the dessert spread ensures you enjoy a full course meal. Ensure you go with a good appetite and ample time on hand to do full justice and enjoy the tastefully prepared food. Their vegetables samosas and juicy Malai kababs are our favorites.
5 stars? That's pretty rare. So naturally I had to find out if it was worth the hype.It wasn't.The Mango lassi was way orange and taste weird.The samosa was no good, the meat inside was dry and flavorless.Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag were both dry inside, even though they were doused in the sauce. The taste is also just not there, compared to most of the restaurants on curry hill like chote or kokum. The servers were also overly attentive, one stood by my table and wouldn't leave, which was quite awkward.
Wonderful experience. The perfect combination of delicious food and friendly service. I was there for dinner, it seemed they are having party there it was too crowed but also we got table easily. Inspite of so many people we got full on attention and good service.Talking about the food, we ordered few appetizers like lasauni gobi, chicken malai kabab and samosas all were outstanding. They tastes yummy... For the main we ordered butternut squash kofta and green chilly chicken which were really amazing. The server had already told us about the spiciness of the green chilly chicken which is really appreciating thing. Although that was not too much spicy for me.Had fantastic time in yaar. Will be surely back very soon. Highly recommended.
Simply amazing! Glad I tried this place. The service was excellent and the pre-fix dinner deal is reasonably priced. I got the vegetable samosa, which was one of the biggest samosas I've ever had and was crispy and delicious. I also got the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan (they gave rice with the curry, but I alternated between eating it with the rice and dipping the naan in the curry - so good). The garlic naan was great and the tikka masala was good too, although not really spicy for my Bengali taste. I would totally come back and try the vindaloo and other items.
BEST Indian restaurant hands down! Showed up 30min before closing time yet they accommodated us. Fresh, flavorful, ! Loved it and will be back!
It was a great place and I was full while leaving. So I was craving Indian food so bad, and I decided to go here as I was recommended by one of my good friend and not a bad decision I made. I went there with my bf and we started with papadum and sauce which is complimentary and i would recommend you all to eat it with sweet sauce it tasted better with that and then we ordered from the 3 course menu $13.95 I guess that was the price I don't really remember, but yeah we had options and I ordered chicken samosa which was so good, and then chicken tikka masala (perfect ) and it is served with basmati rice and I ordered garlic naan on side (it's not on the option though you can order on side) then at last I had kheer. And also we order tandoori chicken tikka( it's the dry rosted one ) served with raita and onions, it was delicious and mango lassi my favorite. And the service was great, they were so friendly and always available for you and the water glass would be full every time, and they are not gonna stare you but they would check on you if we are good or we need something. Overall i would recommend everyone to have a shot and you would not regret. Thanks you all for lovely service. :)Ps. It's b.Y.O.b
Went in here at 9pm and it was EMPTY. Came all the way out to Astoria so decided to stay because the food was supposed to be amazing and its BYOB so we had a bottle with us. They should probably advertise on Yelp so more people can find them and enjoy this amazing food. We both did the special. THREE COURSES FOR UNDER $15!!!! Started off with the Butternut Squash soup - so flavorful and good size for an appetizer. For the main I had Roganjosh - not the best I have ever had but definitely done correctly. Used a check-in offer for some free Naan. Waiter was attentive (we were the only ones in there so idk how he couldn't be). Heard they are recently under new ownership but didn't seem like the owner was around to see how empty her restaurant was. At around 10pm a group of like 5 men came in and joined a table of 2 -- but they left after a quick bite (kind of strange). Decor was fresh and bright! Shame because the food and service were awesome but the empty restaurant was kind of a downer.
Authentic delicious Indian dishes. They delivered when we asked for spicy dishes. Pretty serene and intimate ambience considering the size. Staff was attentive and very friendly. I used the Yelp check-in offer to get our naan. The whole experience was wonderful and will be back.
What a deal! The food here was delicious, and the price makes it even better. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala accompanied by Garlic Naan and rice. The Naan was the perfect texture and had an almost buttery taste. The gravy for the masala was one of the best I've had! The chicken was good, maybe a tad on the more done side, but not even close to an issue to take a star away over. The servers were very attentive and friendly, and they refilled my water glass consistently while remaining unobtrusive. The decor of the restaurant was mostly plain, but the real candles were nice, the mural on the back wall was pretty, and the music was at just the right volume. I came here hungry, and I left satisfied and delighted at the food and the prices!
As fantastic as everyone says.The prix fixe menu for $12.95 is an incredible amount of food; guaranteed tasty leftovers.Service is seriously impressive - they poured us our BYOB wine and were constantly refilling our water glasses.  Great ambience, too! Will definitely be back asap.
I think this is a solid choice for Indian in Astoria. The dishes are reasonably priced, ambience is nice, service is warm and it's BYOB. It's perfect!
After reading so many good reviews we decided to try this place. I must say took us 30 mins to find a parking. Parking is extremely difficult especially if it is Sunday. Loved the service. Everyone was polite and attentive. They warmly welcomed us and were checking on us regularly. The food was great too. They have limited choices in buffet but enough to satisfy the need. Loved the samosa and tandoori chicken. Rice pudding was great as well. This place is rated "A". It is clean and well maintained.
I went in for the buffet and was not very impressed.  I did like that they have samosas on the buffet, but the CTM was average at best. The service was excellent and the price was right, I just wished I liked the food more.
Beautiful setting. Great music. Large portions. Affordable prices. Friendly staff. Astoria's best kept secret.Ordered the chicken tikka masala (my tradition of trying an Indian place out for the first time) Sauce was flavorful, chicken was cooked well. The Aloo (cauliflower, potatoes, peas) was particularly delicious for the veggie-minded folks. Basmati rice served as a large portion (bonus points)! Wash it all down with their rich mango lassi!I will definitely be coming back here.
The $12 all-you-can-eat-by-3pm experience began as I lifted the metal food-kimono and up came an orchestra of sights and smells as intoxicating as a moat filled with active avalanches. The crunch of fresh carrot slices adorned in mint chutney invokes a joy characterized by crying sweat and sweating tears! Might I cautiously say, "A joy that makes previous joys seem like masked misery?" With mouths coming out of my words to leverage the turmeric-infused buttered up chicken lumps, I exiled more seedy okra into my digestive tract, while watching my friends do the same. I wanted to tell everyone how much I loved them, but my mouth was too full of creamed spinach and lentils. Like the Niagara Falls, the wait staff refilled our cups with an unrelenting fervor, and never let us get thirsty. This place makes you feel like a true "yaar" no matter how little experience you have operating pirate ships.
The lunch buffet is an amazing deal and the dinner service is great, too. The food is sensitively cooked and voluptuously seasoned. Great place hooray.
Awesome. Try the thing with the chick peas, I forgot what it's called but it's really good.
clean restaurant and friendly, attentive service, the only problem is that it's a bit cold. full and varied menu attentive to the needs of vegetarians. Over the weekend c is the buffet to have brunch and despite little food costs is very fresh and tasty. Waiters very kind.
The food: delish! The prices: super affordable! The space: minimalist and chic! Yaar is a win, win, win. So happy to have this option in the neighborhood.
Went buffet on weekend. The food was really good and the price is great ($10/pp). Waiters are really attentive. Everyone there seemed to be there for the buffet. Place is immaculate and clean. Trendy looking. Definitely a comeback place.
great food - good prices - polite staff
Came here on a spontaneous decision walking by. Food was excellent, service was very attentive, prices are very reasonable and a tremendous value with their prix fix dinner. We got chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala and both were excellent and on par with the best Indian food we've had in London and Toronto. The vegetable samosa for appetizer was amazing, the lamb samosa was good as well. The naan was fresh and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Desserts were delicious as well and a great end to the meal. Local, Byob, and delivery are all bonus points. Will be back soon.
Ugh so good, so spicy. Walk by daily just to stare at their beautiful lights. If you order delivery, it comes quickly and efficiently. Best Indian spot I've been to in NYC, hands down.
I went here last night with a few friends. This restaurant is off Ditmars Blvd and we were looking for a nice cheap place to eat. This restaurant had a sign advertising their 3 course meal for $12.95. The food was not only cheap but also delicious. The servers were friendly, explaining the menu items in detail and always making sure our water cups were filled (they came numerous times). The servers always came to make sure the food was to our liking and making sure that the food was not too spicy or spicy enough for our taste. I wish that  I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars because the service was exceptional. One more thing, I was out to celebrate my birthday with some friends but the servers were NEVER told it was my birthday. When the desserts came all the servers brought me a large plated dessert with a candle and sang happy birthday. At first I was annoyed at my friends for saying something to he servers but they all swore it wasn't them. We came to the conclusion that the server picked up on it being my birthday when we were picking out a flavor of naan for the table and I wanted cilantro instead of garlic and my friend said "it's your birthday, we'll get what you want." It was a great surprise to end dinner! Thank you to the Yaar Restaurant staff.
Fast delivery and like most of the other reviews, the food is great. The wait staff is stellar. Highly recommended
Yaar is solid. Entrees are $10-$12 and are large portions. I've been able to stretch these to three meals. Appetizer and side-wise I'm a big fan of the vegetable samosas and cilantro naan. Everything I've ordered has tasted great. Delivery is fast and reliable.
BEST INDIAN IN NYC!!!!! Just go here. Dont think twice. Byob, great atmosphere, great music, great staff, great price and GREAT FOOD.P.S. im indian so i know my indian food.
While I am still grieving the loss of Ditmars Station (which is forever in history on Orange is the New Black) Yaar is a different yet great replacement and addition to the neighborhood. The service is AMAZING! The servers are attentive, kind and gracious. We are on the novice level for Indian food, I know things I do not like and a few things I do. We gave those opinions to our server and he recommended some amazing dishes. We then took friends who are not novice level-closer to expert level, and they approved as well! The prices aren't bad the location is perfect and the food is great.
Excellent service, amazing food, lovely atmosphere. We got the mulligatawny soup, cauliflower appetizer, an order of rice, naan, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer. Everything was heavenly! I mean it. Perfection! The wait staff was extremely attentive and kind as well! This is my new Indian food restaurant of choice. I will absolutely be recommending Yaar to my friends. I can't wait to go back myself! Five stars well deserved!
This has become one of my favorite spots to eat in astoria, to the point where I crave it at times. I haven't dined in yet but order delivery atleast once a week. Occasionally I'll pick up because they are literally right below the train and on my way home. I'll usually get an order of vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala and some nan bread. The portions are big and usually will split the meal with my girlfriend. Food is obviously always delicious, deliver on time and right. I plan on stopping in to actually dine in. I heard they are BYOB which is awesome because some places have limited beer options and like the idea of bringing what I want to drink. If you haven't eaten here yet, you're missing it. I've told my family, who love Indian that when they visit this is where we are going to eat in Astoria.
My subsequent experiences with yaar have been good.Their customer service is unusually good for the area.  The prices are reasonable. The delivery is fast.  And the food is good.Again, I think if you're looking for food/vibe that takes your back to pakistan/india, this might not be the right place.  But it's a solid spot in an area with an unfortunate dearth of desi food.
We enjoyed the food here.. lasuni gobi, chicken korma, samosa and naan were delicious... The staff were polite and attentive.. great service....will be back at this place again with beer and wine.. was not aware of BYOB ....
Lunch buffet for $10 is such a great deal! Year is very considerate in their buffet selections, offering quite a few vegetarian options as well as carnivorous options. Everything was so delicious, especially the Chana masala, spices are done JUST RIGHT. Could not get enough. On top of that the staff is extremely hospitable and the decor is fresh, clean airy and minimalist with a unique twist which sets a nice tone for a bright lunch experience and can easily switch to a more intimate candle-Lit dinner ambiance. Two thumbs up for yaar. Definitely looking forward to going back.
My boyfriend and I were looking for something spicy to eat yesterday. Of course got on Yelp and started looking at places. We came across Yaar and figured we'd try it based on it's awesome review; THIS PLACE DID NOT DISAPPOINT!!!!!!The service was remarkable! From the time we were seated to when we left everyone was pleasant. The waiters were extremely attentive and coming around periodically to make sure we had enough water. The waiters knew the menu quite thoroughly. The food was very tasty!! You could taste the Flavors and the spice. We ordered the chicken vindaloo extra spicy and chicken tikka masala with rice and garlic naan. Oh man it was deish. It was also nice that we didn't have to wait foreverrrrr to get food. The prices are amazing here and you do get a lot of food. Yaar is very clean which is important to me. In my opinion parking wasn't bad. There was some traffic but easier than I thought to find a spot. If you're in the mood for really good Indian food. This is the place to go. We will def be coming back!! :)
I ordered from Yaar this evening from Yelp's Eat24(had my weekend coupon).  TGIF. Right after I placed my order I realized I forgot a soda so I called to add it on and offered to pay in cash. The gentleman who took my order was so nice he said it was on the house. The food came so quickly and the delivery man was also very nice.  I ate the vegetable samosa appetizer and the chicken tiki masala for my main course.  Both were delicious.  I'm so glad I found Yaar I will definitely order from here again.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in town. My wife and I come here every Friday night as our date spot. The staff is courteous, speedy, and kind. Ambience is nice and comfortable and very clean. It's bring your own booze so we like to bring our own wine bottle. Definitely recommend!
So yummy ,,, and good stuff ,,, and amazing prices ,,, And clean place ,,, i wish if it's next to my house ,,,
Visited this afternoon with my dad for their $10 lunch buffet and what a filling, tasty treat it was. Everything was incredibly fresh: veg samosas, saag paneer, butter and tandoori chicken, chana masala, and aloo gobi matar. Service for clearing plates and refilling water was attentive and friendly. We also noticed a few people coming in to get the lunch buffet special to go where they were given a container to fill up on mains, a small plastic container for sauces and/or dessert, and fresh naan wrapped in tin foil. A great deal either way.
All I can say is YAAR got it right! The naan was fresh and tasty.  As soon as the lamb rogan josh hit my tongue I was in flavor heaven.  We finished off the meal with sweet and tasty kheer. The service here is great as well! It's the perfect spot for a date, by the way it's bring your own (BYOB).
Delicious Indian food for a good price. It's the best Indian I have had in some time. The vegetable samosas were super moist and the delivery was quick!
Just moved to the area and generally try to avoid going out to eat ($$), but already feel pretty good about making this a regular Friday night dinner spot! Great food for a reasonable price ($10-15ea), thanks in part to being BYOB. We had the samosa trio, aloo gobi matar, and lamb rogan josh. The lamb was our favorite, but it was all excellent! Very friendly staff, and the appealing decor and logo were nice bonuses. Will be back for sure.(May '16: Just coming back to confirm the 5 stars after a few months. We've tried almost everything on the menu - you can't really go wrong. The portion sizes are awesome for the price, especially when you order naan and you're full halfway through the entree. Absolutely love it here for both take-out and eating in.)
Awesome food right off the subway! The staff were great we didn't even have to ask for them to keep refilling drinks! Atmosphere is very calm, great for conversation and very clean. Food is not mega spicy but just right. If you're nearby, check it out! Yummy! Recommending Chicken tikka, green chili chicken, rice pudding, saag paneer and curry. Yummy!
I loved everything about this restaurant. Starting from the service! Decor is really nice. of course the food was phenomenal. I can't wait to go back again. Try the lamb korma!
Yaar's Lasubi Gobi and Samosas are to die for! I am a big fan of lamb and so I ordered Lamb Rogan Josh as a main - it was the best lamb dish I have had in all of New York City. Definitely recommend this restaurant and the service was superb!
Great value Great food ....Good people and Good fun....oh and it's BYOB...seriously.  Good Indian food at a great price with great customer service
Greaaat food and greaaat price. Thats it! Oh and also... Amazing service! 5 stars all the way
One of the best Indian restaurants I've tried and I'm extremely picky l!! My boyfriend and I went for dinner, the pre fixed dinner was amazing, very very affordable. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice, it was dimly lit with lanterns on the ceiling. The staff was very attentive and very nice. The food was well seasoned, the flavors were dancing on my tongue. I got the chicken tikka masala and asked them to make it spicy and my boyfriend got the lamb korma with garlic naan. The lamb was great, I'm not such a fan of dark meat but it was very tasty and very tender. Definitely would recommend this place for dinner and definitely going back there.
So damn good. I don't have much more to say than that but apparently Yelp wants a PhD thesis. The mango lassi is delicious.
Wandered in on a Saturday night with a party of 4 and were promptly and warmly seated. By the way, there's BYOB (wine and beer) for dinner! Our servers were excellent, recommending dishes and asking our preference of spice (no spice, mild, regular). We were given fresh complimentary poppadoms, which are these crispy thin chips. My family and I decided to share 4 entrees (Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Rogan Josh, Chicken Biryani, and Saag Paneer), coconut naan, and 1 cauliflower appetizer. Each entree comes with a side of basmati rice.Everything was delicious! My favorites were the Lamb Rogan Josh, biryani, and coconut naan. The naan came so fresh and warm with coconut bits inside. One bite and I wanted to snuggle inside of it and take a nap. Portions were generous, especially the mango lassi, which were served in huge glasses. We had plenty of food as leftovers to bring home.I'm giving Yaar 5 stars not only because of the tasty food, but also because of the quality service. Our friendly waiter and staff frequently checked in on us, asking if we enjoyed the meal, refilling our waters, and clearing away crumbs from the table. We never had to flag and wait for anyone's attention. For the price, portions, taste, and hospitable service, this place can't be beat. I'll definitely be coming back!
The menu selection was very good. All the dishes were very good including the rice! The food tasted very fresh. The service was friendly and courteous. I can't wait to go back and try other things from the menu.
This is probably the best indian food I've tried so far and I am all the way down from California. Food is tasty , not too spicy not too much seasonings, on point . We went there to try it for the first time and It was lunch buffet time only $10 adult all you can eat and $6 child. Ive tried new indian dishes besides chicken tikka masala and jasmine rice with naan .Anyways i tried samosas which were good, but the chicken tandoori was a plus . Definitely has become one of my favorite dishes from now on.
Vindaloo is rich and fabulously spicy without being greasy. The coconut naan is superb if you like a little sweet with your savory. The kheer was flavorful but the rice was a little firm and the consistency a bit thin. The gulab jamun similarly had great flavor and aroma, but were too firm compared to what I'm used to. Overall a very enjoyable and traditional assortment.
Stopped by on a whim late one Sunday night on my way home from out of town and haven't looked back since.  This is hands down the best local Indian food I've ever had. Brought my boyfriend--who'd never had Indian before--here and now we're both hooked! Sharing the prix-fixe special for dinner with lamb samosas, chicken tikka masala, gulag jamun, and a side of garlic naan has become our Sunday night tradition! Not to mention that the staff is SO incredibly friendly and accommodating. When I walked in exhausted after a long day of travel they offered me a seat and something to drink as I waited for my takeout order.  They have even made off menu substitutions and have been incredibly friendly every single time we go in. We will definitely be making Yaar our go-to spot!
Just going to quote Hannah's review: "Yaar is exactly what a restaurant should be. Delicious, affordable food and a staff who genuinely cares about their patrons."And am also going to add, authentic and BYOB. Price is right and the space is clean yet elegantly decorated. Yum.
The food here is great! We love going here because the staff is friendly and attentive and the food is reasonably priced.  They have a $10 brunch buffet special on the weekends and it's always BYO.
Awesome lunch buffet! The food is high quality and the service is extremely friendly. I recommend!
Five stars for:Very nice décor, starting with the very tasteful, attractive sign hanging outside the restaurant.   The inside is 'clean looking', peaceful, airy, with beautiful colorful hanging glass lanterns (sorta Turkish looking).  The music level was perfect and the music selection tasteful.Service was excellent from the person taking my order, the person refilling my water, and what may have been the manager.  They could not have been any more gracious and genuinely interested in knowing that I was enjoying my meal.Food was very good.  It began with a complimentary thin crispy type 'crepe' served with two sauces.  I then got fried cauliflower (tasty, but I was surprised at how greasy it was...) and I think what was called Chicken Biryani served with rice and something on the idea of yogurt perhaps with bits of mango.All in all, it made for a very nice meal.  Would be perfect for date-night.The location is directly under stairs leading to the N/Q train.  Not the best location from an aesthetic perspective (how many 'nice' places do you know located underneath any elevated trains??), but thankfully it seems many people have realized that Yaar is the exception to the rule.   A charming little 'classy' Indian restaurant.
Food amazing and tasty. Service the best and the people here are so nice, welcoming and generous. We enjoyed the place, and the food.
Such a wonderful addition to Astoria. I've been waiting for a legit Indian restaurant to open up here and I'm so happy it has. The food is fantastic. The staff is friendly and attentive. It is BYOB, but it wasn't a bother to bring my own bottle of wine. The chef knows what he/she is doing. Prices are cheap for being in NYC. If you enjoy Indian food you need to come here! I will be coming back often also ordering delivery so they don't think I'm crazy!
Very good food but could use more items in the buffet. Was definitely worth the trip.
Hands down best Indian food in ditmars/Astoria. I'm a picky eater and this place does it. I expect fresh, good food always and they never fail. The service inside and out of the restaurant is always perfect! I hope they stay in the area always
I love this place. Seeing that an Indian place opened up in the Ditmars area was a fabulous addition. I've never actually sat in to eat, however, their staff during pick up and over the phone is incredibly pleasant. The decor is really quaint, and the mural on the back wall is colorful - adding some flavour to the dining area. Their delivery is speedy, and their food is delicious. The meals could honestly be split by two people because it's enough for two, but I prefer to keep all the delicious Indian goodness for myself. I would like to attend their lunch buffet, or at least go once to dine in. It's also BYOB for wine and beer, which you just CAN'T beat!
Chicken vindaloo will make you sweat! In a good way.  Also, great Naan and surprisingly good papadam, which I usually throw away. Butter chicken is also worth ordering. Very friendly service. Why is that so hard to find these days?? Also I hear they have a lunch buffet on the way.
This restaurant just opened around my neighborhood and wanted to check it out . The service was amazing , food was great and prices were excellent ! Will be visiting again . Staff was really nice as well
Great!  It's getting better here!  High quality Indian curries in Astoria, no need to go to Jackson Heights.  Great lunch special.  BYOB and you can save money!
This is a really excellent place to finally add good Indian to the local Ditmars food scene, located directly under the train station. They have just opened, but their food is delicious and prices are decent. I stopped by for dine-in on a Sunday evening and had a trio of samosas (delicious-especially the vegetable with their wonderful dipping sauces), butter chicken entree, chicken tikka masala entree and a side order of garlic naan. The main dishes were delicious. The chicken tikka masala was ordered spicy and had a perfect level of heat, while the butter chicken was creamy and tasty. The naan was one of the highlights, perfectly crunchy and fluffy. The manager was very nice and service was very prompt, with refills on water coming regularly (an important feature). Restrooms are up a flight of stairs. The inside decor is sparse now, but some artwork should spruce the place up. Where it counts though: the food is excellent. It's also BYOB. They said on the menu that delivery and a lunch buffet would be added soon. I'm excited!
Great takeout place. I ordered for the first time this past weekend. Got Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan and Butter Chicken. YUM. Delivery was fast, food was yummy. Butter chicken was my favorite! I'll be ordering from here again soon. Happy to have a great Indian place in the neighborhood!
Came here last night. So glad here is FINALLY Indian food near ditmars! Had the chicken tikka masala which was perfect! Vegetable samosas were good and the tamarind and cilantro chutneys were fresh and delicious. The malai chicken appetizer was equally delicious and the complimentary papadum is addictive. The best Indian food in Astoria, yes I said that. Highly recommended!
We loved it - went here for Astoria Dinner Club © and had no problems getting a reservation for a group on Sunday night. Our waiter recommended the cauliflower, which was spot on, and the samosas (chicken, lamb, veg) were the best I've had in a very long time. All of the main dishes were as good as sister restaurant Seva. Also, the BYOB is perfect - you bring your bottle and they'll open & serve you all night long. They'll even keep your beers in their fridge. When the bill came, we thought there was a mistake because it was so cheap - no mistake. It's cheap. Great minimalist decoration and beautiful lamps, too. Go here!
Typically I get Yaar via seamless and it's always incredibly fast and damn delicious. I've tried several other places around (against my will and better judgment) and will only order from Yaar. Keep up the good work guys.
I've been meaning to try Yaar since it opened since I adore Indian cuisine.   I finally decided to order some Chicken Tikka Masala and Coconut Naan..  Delivery was super speedy!!  I feel like I hung up the phone and my doorbell was ringing.  The food is amazing!   So delicious!!! The chicken melts in your mouth like butter!  I'm kicking myself for taking so long to try this place...  I will definitely become a regular!  Yum!
Delicious food, great service. Love how enthusiastic the staff is. I've relied on Yelp for many suggestions yet never signed up to rate! Until now! That's how I feel about this relatively new restaurant!
I can see why everyone loves this spot. Nestled under the ditmars train is this hidden Jem. Relaxing decor and probably some of the nicest customer service. I had the three courses dinner $13.99 for app, dinner and dessert. Samosa, Chicken Korma and the rice pudding. Just delicious. Will totally be going back
My boyfriend and I tried the lunch buffet today. We were really impressed. The food was super fresh. Nothing felt like it had been sitting around for a while, a common problem with Indian buffets.Samosas were crispy, butternut squash kofta was fantastic. I liked the chicken vindaloo a lot. Rice pudding was delicious way to end meal.It was too warm inside, but otherwise everything was great. We will definitely be returning. It's awesome that they have the buffet on the weekend and not just the weekday. Want to try dinner too.
Yaar brought me back to India! Just had Mother's Day Dinner with my family and this place is SPECTACULAR! Professional service from the entire staff. They were patient and super attentive. We got Malai Kabab (so moist & delicious), all samosas were great. Butternut Squash Soup (another must try). Main entrees we got Lamb Korma (must have), Chicken Tikka Nasals (superb). They even let us cut our cake and enjoy it at the table. Food was so good we took some to go. If you want Authentic Indian food this is the place. Coming back here again with all my friends. Thank you Yaar for being so awesome!
Here comes another 5-star review for the best Indian food in all of Astoria!  After years of searching, they finally opened a legit Indian food place near Ditmars.  Everything here is fresh and cocked perfectly, with just the right amount of spice.  The first time I ordered here via delivery and got the spicy vindaloo, which I made the mistake of ordering "extra spicy"; it was barely edible.  I had to give them another chance and noticed they have a buffet, and who doesn't like all-you-can-eat buffets?  It's the best Indian buffet I've had in a very long time, and you can't beat the price!!
I had a great experience at Yaar! The service was impeccable and the food was absolutely delicious, not to mention crazy CHEAP for Indian food! The Prix Fixe meal is the way to go- appetizer, entree and dessert for only 13 dollars! I'll definitely be back again!
Finally. Yaar is one of two places--the other, Curry Culture--that does it right in Astoria. Highly spiced, subtle flavorings, wonderful dishes overall. Really great Saag Paneer, Lamb Korma, and some kind of butternut squash soup...mmm. Yar also has a three course dinner for a very reasonable price. But, BYOB. I prefer water myself, and lots of it!
I'd give them more than 5 stars if it were an option. The atmosphere, the food, and the service are all AMAZING. The decor is very charming, it makes for a cute night out. The food was hands down the best Indian food I've had, and it was actually spicy. They have coconut naan that's to die for, and I never knew that was a thing. It's also BYOB; we brought a bottle of wine and they not only cork it for you but they continuously refill your glass all night, which to me was above and beyond considering it wasn't apart of their menu and they still served for us like it was. The price is also great, we did an app, 2 entrees, rice and coconut naan and our bill was about $30, you can't beat that. I can't wait to go back!
Yaar is dope! Just left w/ my wife, who throughout her pregnancy has been craving Indian food--which works wonderfully for me, as it's one of my favorite cuisines of all time. Previous to NYC, I lived in Dubai for years where I had access to unrivaled Indian/Pakistani food in an environs teeming with cooks and ingredients directly from the subcontinent itself. That's to say I've had as authentic desi food as you can find outside the subcontinent, which makes it difficult to judge desi food in the US. I've come across only a couple impressive Indian restaurants in NYC (all in Jackson Heights), and I can safely add Yaar to the list! To top it off, I live literally right behind it! We shared a lamb vindaloo which was fragrant, gamey, and as spicy as we requested (very!). Butter chicken was nice and creamy and the chicken tender, and it was also made spicier per our request. I've been minding my health as of late, so I was excited to find a whole wheat naan option, too! Their raita (yogurt) was fresh. Surprised to read they're the same owners as Seva, as we've been there once and found the food and service lackluster. Here at Yaar, the food was great and the service stellar. All in all, wonderful experience and we'll def. be frequenting this place.
Mango lassis are great!!!! Great service....but nothing Iike the Indian restaurant Dera in Jackson Heights in queens. The food is not really original indian food. It's more like someone is trying to mimic it and make indian food...but still have a long way to go. Me and my friend ordered chicken and vegetable samosa....the veggie one was a bit better....although both pretty good. Then we ordered chicken masala and lamb vindaloo. I'm not really into sweet dishes....so I was not a huge fan of the masala....the vindaloo wasn't too bad....but I feel like there were more chills then spices.....now I'm waiting on the desert....but seriously guys the service and how great the gentlemen that work here are like a 10 out of 10. But as for the food....I have simply had better....I'm planning on coming back maybe during buffet hours so I can try other things....I will update u guys as soon as I do
Giving this place 3 stars for effort. For me this was one of those places where the food isn't bad, it's just not great. Felt like the taste was not authentic, a bit americanized. Service was very attentive, almost too attentive as another reviewer mentioned, as if someone was always staring at me while I'm eating. But I'd rather have overly attentive service than poor service so I won't complain. Other than average food, place was clean and comfortable, staff were nice.  I'd return only for a safe choice if I was in the neighborhood.
The good: It's best I say it right out the gate. I don't even like Indian food. My girlfriend does and I felt it was only fair that we give it a shot despite my feelings otherwise. I don't like the textures, the smells, the colors, the seasonings, and I can't pronounce the food names for s&*t. I sound like an Astoria hipster oxygen thief trying to roll his R's in a Greek restaurant in some contrived effort to look "culturally adroit" and hope in vain that Mr. Panos won't spit in his f*(&ing crummy ass $17.50 gyRRRRo. The only other time in my life I had Indian food it was not from Yaar and I ordered the single most un-Indian thing on the menu: shish kebabs. They sucked. Then I had Yaar's Chicken Biryani. Now I'm a biryiever! We started off by ordering an appetizer of lamb skewers. We were warned "they'll take about 15-20 mins to make, is that ok?" and we said "sure, no problem." About 5 minutes later the super nice waiter came over with a little platter with 2 brown pieces of food and 2 dollops of sauce on it and said "this is on the house." We were really happy about that. The guy was trying to do the right thing on account of the 20 minute wait for our appetizer and we were very thankful for the kind gesture. When the skewers came out they weren't on sticks and kind of resembled kofte. No matter, they were excellent and well worth the wait. Like I said earlier, I normally don't like Indian food but I was starting to warm up by this point.The server was VERY friendly, attentive, and funny. The guy asked me "how spicy do you want your Chicken Biryani?" and my girlfriend took the opportunity to take a jab at me by jumping in and telling the waiter "can you make it Indian-hot for him?" The waiter smirked and goes "Hah...I don't know if you're gonna like that!" I decided to stick with "American hot" and it was right on the money! It wasn't "blow your jaw off" hot but put it this way. I was suffering from a stuffy nose and MAN did it clear my sinuses and make my face glow a bright shade of pink! My girlfriend said her Tikka Masala was amazing. I didn't try it so just take her word for it. My Chicken Biryani was literally so good it made me start to like Indian food. That is no small feat. The portion sizes were big, the flavor in my dish tasted strongly of PROPER saffron (not that cheap imitation "Spanish Saffron" crap), the basmati rice was fluffy and not the least bit sticky, the na'an bread was hot and bubbly, and the waiter kept my chalice full to the point we had to ask him to stop.I felt like a goddam king drinking out of their cups. They give you these hammered chrome chalices that made me feel like I should have had a giant gold clock around my neck and a Cadillac Escalade parked out front with 40 inch spinning chrome rims. They take presentation very seriously in Yaar because even our food came out in these ornate little steel pots. It looked like something out of Legend of Zelda. The food is served family style so it's very easy to mix and match different things onto your plate.The price was pretty low for Astoria! We had an appetizer, a side, 2 main courses and our bill was $35. Finding a full, satiating, tasty, multi course meal for 2 at that price is like finding a one bedroom apartment in Astoria for under $1500 that doesn't have bedbugs, mice, roaches, gypsies, crackheads, or psycho European landlords. That s^&% just doesn't happen in modern day Astoria!  The bad: I'm still not sure what that plate of free food was. The waiter didn't say what it was and we didn't ask. It looked like a cross between a samosa, a falafel, and a dumpling. Since I left my chemical analysis kit and chromatography supplies at home, we could only speculate as to what it was. We think it was mashed potato, chickpeas, and some weird crunchy bits all rolled into a ball and fried in oil. We didn't like it and after half a bite we gave up on it. It just wasn't for us.The ugly: This used to be a s&^%^tty forgettable overpriced d-bag bar called Ditmars Station and it failed within a few years. I hope Yaar does not fall prey to the same fate due to bad luck. I think the only really ugly thing here is the seedy outside area. It's right under an extremely busy last stop train station. There's bird s&^t all over the floor, trash dumped all over the sidewalk, and bums/beggars often congregate nearby. There's also always scumbags standing outside the Irish pub a couple doors down. None of it is Yaar's fault but I felt it was worth mentioning.In conclusion: YAAR BABY! Delicious food. Superb service. Neat ambiance. Keep up the good work! We can't wait to go back!
