This place has become my regular go-to. Cheap and super tasty and fresh. perfectly sweet spicy comforting and delicious. Super friendly staff. Loved the copper glasses and bowls. Not sure why there weren't more people there on a Friday night. Should be packed. And very affordable. I'll be back with a group to share the many items of spicy savory and sweet yumminess. And ordering delivery from there in the meantime.
Finally made it to check out this local spot. We were greeted with super friendly staff, so that was off to a great start. If you are nice just because you are and not being nice to earn my praise then you deserve my praise. My wife and I order couple of appetizers and entree each, and it was all so delicious and explodes with flavor. Very laid back and low key spot with delicious food, just sad we didn't come sooner. Will definitely be back.
Delicious!  Stop in for the lunch special which includes lentil curry, two other curries, rice, bread, sauces, pickles, and a rice pudding.I can eat quite a lot and I was stuffed.  We had leftovers and the to-go container we got had extra rice inside!Staff was friendly too.  Would highly recommend.
THE BOMB.... OUT OF CONTROL.... soooooo goooooooood. They have both Indian and Nepali food here. Ever since I went to Nepal and realized how ridiculous their food is, I have been searching for a place in NYC that can even hold a candle. This place does not disappoint... In person is excellent, and take out always arrives fast, hot, and equally delicious. When I move out of the neighborhood I will most likely come back when I need an Indian/ Nepali fix. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Trust me I have had probably half of it by now ! :)
This place deserves to have a line every night.  It's spectacular.  The quality of the food is so good.  We order from here quite often and decided to eat there last night and it was just as good, if not better.  The people who work there clearly know what they are doing.  Highly recommend the garlic tikka, saag paneer and the Chicken samosas are amazing!!
Ordered from here a few nights ago. Delivery was quick and the food was delicious! I ordered three different dishes (because I have a hearty appetite and because I'm indecisive). I really liked the veggie Tika Masala and Tarka Dal. The Saag Aloo was also decent. The hit among all parties was the garlic naan - SOO yummy. Only reason I took one star off is because they forgot to send the tamarind sauce I paid for.
Taste their stuff. Anything. It will bring you back for sure. The best Nepali/Indian in the area for sure and very affordable especially given a lot of overrated Clinton Hill restaurants.
Nice restaurant. I like their ice coffee, and the staff is friendly. Recommended!
Dear Spice & Grill, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU for adding delivery services on Seamless. I ordered Chicken Biriyani, aloo gobi & garlic naan one evening and oh my, it was delicious. This is more certainly my go-to Indian delivery option. LOVE.
The food here is great, every time, but I really wish they would improve their service. Every time I order they get something wrong or I have to wait a crazy amount of time (way longer then they tell me it will be ready) to get the food. In fact, right now I'm using the extra 30 minutes of wait time I'm currently experiencing sitting in their restaurant to write this review. Get organized!  You'd be such an awesome, reliable restaurant! Again, so untimely. On the phone I was told 15 minutes until my order was ready. Of course, I've learned my lesson, but now showing up 45 minutes later it STILL isn't ready. Ridiculous. Just figure out how long it takes to make food - you are running a restaurant, after all.
If there's anything more than 5 stars, I would totally give that to Spice and Grill without blinking. I started getting deliveries from here couple of months ago and they have been nothing but best.Food quality is unbelievable. They come in hot and tasty with every delivery. Gravy consistency is maintained throughout. You ask them for extra spicy, you get it. Ask them for less oily sides, you get it. This is easily my most favorite Indian place in Brooklyn since I moved. Staff recognize you immediately and are extremely courteous and helpful. They give you the right delivery time estimates without you having to complain. Don't be surprised that all the reviewers below have rated it 5 stars - they are THAT good.
Food is great. Delivery times are DISMAL.  It's always at least an hour.Currently on this random Wednesday night I am sitting here wondering if my food will.come.before the restaurant closes and I have no recourse.  Not a happy camper.  This is why I stopped ordering here as much.
This is a great neighborhood go-to spot. Quality food, reasonable prices, and friendly service. The saag paner and lamb korma are among our favorites. Great to eat in or take to go. Never had a bad experience. I've only had it a couple of times, but the lunch special is great value. Highly recommend.
Absolutely disgusted with the service, this was my go to place and tonight I will never  order from here again! My order was delivered incomplete and when I called i was hung up on, I tried again feeling annoyed and I was passed around several times to members of the staff who could not give me a direct answer. I then decided to call back to speak with the manager, who conveniently was not there. After trying to explain why I was not happy I was hung up on!!
Chicken tikka masala was yummy and so was the garlic naan and veggie samosas. The chicken was mild, I would have liked it a little spicier. Wasn't a huge fan of the sagg paneer though. Weird after taste. Decent delivery time, didn't feel like we had to wait that long.
Omg... this hit the spot when I wanted Indian food. The portions are great and it was delicious! I see this as my new go to take out place when I want a good hearty meal. The goat saag was flavorful and the pure has the mouth feel of cream. The vegetable Samosa were a lot larger than I expected and was pretty darn good as well.
I never write reviews but I had to after the amazing service I received at this restaurant. I lived in Kathmandu for 2 years and the MOMOs here are the best outside of Nepal. The waiters are lovely guys. Overall, a really excellent meal.
This place is fantastic. The food is consistently brilliant and flavorful. Best Indian food we've had in Brooklyn by a country mile. The bread is hot and fresh, the curries are vibrant and flavorful, and the momos are fantastic.We were so disappointed when they stopped delivering to our home, but we make a phone call to them and they are more than happy to deliver to us - talk about great customer service and gaining trust and loyalty! Five stars, hands-down.
I have only been five times, but I have been five times in the past few weeks because it's THAT good. It is some of the most flavorful/delicious, well prepared Indian I've ever had. All my favorite things: Garlic Naan, Mulgutany Soup, Lamb Saag; they do better than any other place I've been. And they treat you so well when you go in there, they seem like very sweet people and give great service. Very excited to have this place in the neighborhood.
Food: 0/0Food was horrible! It is a joke that the name of this place is Spice and Grill because the food was terribly bland. I ordered the shrimp curry specifying it be spicy and it tasted like water thick water. Food arrived cold as well. I also odered the chicken tandoori. The person I ordered it for took one bite and didn't eat the rest of it. Waste of money for sure! Won't be ordering from here again!
The waiters who work here are almost as amazing as food coming out of the kitchen! Get anything, doesn't matter, it's addictive! They are such gracious hosts and it's a big pleasure to go to this restaurant. Gem of Mrtyle ave.
This place is amazing. I must have eaten here five times since my first visit two weeks ago.  I'm in love!My favorite meal so far:Spicy Chicken Momo (appetizer)Chicken Tikka Masala (main) with Garlic Naan& a Mango Lassi to drink Can't wait to try everything else.
My new favorite Indian spot. Won't be going anywhere else from now on. The food is excellent and the service can't be beat. You can tell they take pride in their restaurant.Got the classics, Chicken tikka masala, sag aloo, cheese naan. Everything was really good.
Might be my new favorite restaurant in Clinton Hill.  Definitely my top spot on seamless.  What's crazier is that I never really liked Indian food(and never had Nepali).  But this place has changed my mind.  All the meat tastes super fresh, and spiced to absolute perfection.  It doesn't have that oversaturated curry powder seasoning that I think turned me off to Indian before.  Since discovering them two weeks ago I've already ordered 4 times.  And every time it arrives lightning fast, and friendly.  Everything has been 5 stars all the way.  Definitely try the Momo- Wonderful Nepali dumplings.  And the Chicken Chillie, and the Tandoori and the Chow mein...basically anything on the menu.  I've walked past the place and will definitely eat in with a date or friends at some point.Oh and it is very reasonably priced in a neighborhood where some places charge $16 for a burger.A true star in a neighborhood filled with decent Indian options.  Definitely the best Indian cuisine I've ever eaten.
This place is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood.The food is deliciousThe staff is courteous and attentiveThe decor / ambiance is authenticMust tries:Spicy Chicken Momo - it's spicy but spicy enough where you can still taste the momos.Garlic Tikka - it's so moist witha hint of tanginessI've already been here multiple times and every time they are consistent with the flavor, I definitely will be coming back!
Absolutely delicious. If you live in the hood, this should be in your rotation. I'm a meat eater but love all their dishes, esp the vegetarian. Veggie momos hit the spot, you can't go wrong with anything you order. The servers and staff are incredibly nice. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
I love love love their food, which I've ordered way too much since moving to this neighborhood last month and a certain embarrassingly predictable chicken dish of theirs became my new staple. 5 stars on the food.A couple of times they called to say they were out of ras malai, and they were very excessively apologetic and friendly. I haven't been to the restaurant, but it seems like it'd be a perfectly pleasant place to visit.What's weird, though, is how perpetually angry and contemptuous their regular daytime delivery guy is. Here's the script we follow each day:Him: rings doorbellMe: "Hi!"Him: hands me the bagMe: "Thanks!"Him: apparently close to boiling over with fury, tries not to punch me in the nose, and leavesLately, I've noticed he's adopted the tactic of preemptively turning his head 45 degrees to the side when I'm about to say hi, and holding it there for the duration, so that by completely avoiding any eye contact he apparently won't have to countenance the indignity of even a one-sided exchange of pleasantries with me.WTF?
They have really delicious Nepali dumplings and Indian food. The steamed vegetable momo almost tastes like Korean mandoo. The Indian food is not the best I've had in NYC, that goes to Dera in Jackson Heights, but this one of the best tasting Indian food in the neighborhood. What sets this place apart from other places is the service, They have some of the friendliest waiters I have come across. If you live in the neighborhood or in Brooklyn and do not want to take a ride to Jackson Heights, then I recommend this place for Nepalese and Indian food.
2-2.5 stars only for delivery SPEED and because when I called upon ordering, whoever I spoke to was nice/and helpful. The food however is another story. it was somehow all bad (minus the naan) - even the rice and raita was really not good (especially the latter). The Shrimp tikka masala had feces/excrement where that's supposed to be cleaned out; the paneer wasn't well cooked (paneer makhani), and this is one of my favorite dishes, Indian or otherwise; I personally didn't like the saag paneer but full disclosure, I've never ordered/eaten that particular dish before but I have had other spinach dishes from Indian restaurants and this just wasn't good. Oh and the tamarind sauce was horrible!! Shockingly bad, as well as the raita. I really wish I had liked the food but my husband and I didn't eat ANY and ended up having to throw it all away. Such a shame
The appetizers (samosas and fried momos) were good, lassi was ok. The entire meal was ice cold (well the appetizers were lukewarm) and the eggplant dish was bitter. The Korma was cold but tasted ok, the bread was cold. Dessert was ok, and luckily one dessert was supposed to be cold. This was an expensive meal especially when it took over 90 minutes to travel just 2 blocks. I will give them one more chance, but this time I'll pick up. Also, I would never have tipped 20% if I had any idea it was going to take so long. Extremely disappointing.
omgggggg. This Indian place blows the other one on Myrtle out of the water. I went pretty basic: Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer. The Tikka Masala was superrrrr fresh and not at all greasy or gross. Can't wait to order from here agin.
one of my fav places I adore the services I always have a great time here I usually go here during the summer and spring love the menu
It was first time visiting and loved everything my friend and I ordered. Will definitely be back again soon. :)
I didn't think I liked Indian food before I ate here. The food at Spice and Grill changed my mind entirely! Delicious.
Tried this place tonight and loved it. The owner was really friendly and accommodating of my food allergies. The dinner special is really delicious and healthy.. Cheap too!! So happy it opened in the neighborhood.
Left Ann Arbor MI 6 months ago and always missed the Indian food there. Finally found this place in Brooklyn and fell in with it right away.
Amazing food. I ordered delivery and had the vegetable pakora, saag paneer and paratha and it was so deliciously good. Even the rice that comes with it was tasty and I don't normally like white rice. The ingredients were really fresh and the flavours were superb. Very happy that this little place has opened in the neighborhood. I am looking forward to dining in next time. Thanks Spice & Grill :)
This place just opened up on the corner of the block. So far we've only tried the Momo but it was amazing! The sauce dip is banging too. We'llbe back soon for more. No need to go to Jackson Heights for Nepali delights any more!!!
Second time eating here this week, and the food was fantastic! I've tried different Nepalese and Indian dishes each time, and today I brought a friend to share the love. We both agreed the food is very fresh and bursting with flavor. If you're a fan of spicy food, try the Nepalese Chili Chicken.
I honestly have no complaints. Food is incredible, and service is amazing. My gf and I love this place, and are glad we stopped by. They seem to do lots of deliveries, too, which lets me know lots of folks like this place. For me, the kind and attentive service, as well as the ambience, are worth making the trek. I got the vindaloo last time, and it was incredibly spicy - as it should be. I appreciate that they gave me forewarning as opposed to sullying the dish. Will make an effort for the missus and I to visit as often as we can; truly a Clinton Hill gem!
Went today for lunch for the first time, and it was really great!  Good service and excellent food and low prices.   My husband and I both had the lunch special with chicken and loved it.  A lot of food and good value.  My iced tea seemed like a red chai and was really yummy.  Highly recommend.
Fantastic spices and flavors. The lunch platter is seriously awesome, and at a very reasonable price. It costs more to make higher quality food with more spices. You're getting that higher quality here, but for the same price as lower quality food in the nabe. Highly recommend!
OK I have tried a few more things now and have give the full 5 stars...the Chat is excellent as is the Spicy Momo.
Absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced. I had the goat curry which was the perfect size portion. My new favorite for Indian food.
cheese naan omgwtfbbqlol not enough words yet. ok done.
I loved Spice and Grill. It was my first time having Indian food and I couldn't get enough. The portions were a good size for the price. The service was also awesome with super nice and attentive waiters. I love their little hats too. For dinner we had the tandoori chicken from the grill that was accompanied with delicious rice. I also got the green salad, which was a mix of veggies and fresh lemon dressing. My better half got chicken tikka masala and the cheesy nan was the best thing ever. We also has two appetizers. This was all for about $50. Needless to say we were stuffed and had awesome left overs. Can't wait until they get their booze!
Best Indian food in Fort Greene/Clinton Hill. We've eaten here twice, this week, and have loved the food.  We love the Chicken Momo and the Tiki Marsala. It's a great addition to the neighborhood, if you haven't try it!
We just discovered Nepalese food in London over the Christmas vacay, and immediately upon our return found this was opening up. Wonderful momo, amazing sauce, the most succulent chicken Sekuwa ever, scrumptious butter chicken (Chicken Makhani) with complex inclusion of cashews and saffron you just don't get in most Indian restaurants. Can't wait to go back. Staff is way friendly and atmosphere is wonderful. Decor is evocative of Raiders of the Lost Ark scenes in Nepal. This is leagues better than other Indian in our local delivery area, and close enough to dine in!
Very happy this place is in over here as the Indian options down in Fort Greene are sloppy and overpriced. The management here is lovely, and they clearly take the work seriously. We loved the food- great lamb (and SO CHEAP for such quality), big portions, excellent and precise seasoning in stuff like the raita.  They've put a lot of work into a space to create a neighborhood/family feel, and the guys are just so so nice.
Great nepali food and awesome delivery service. Will order again very soon!!!!
I don't really get the five star rating from most reviewers but it's definitely a solid four stars (i.e., very tasty but not 'mind blowing'). I have eaten a lot of Indian food in my life and since moving to NYC/Brooklyn I've been pretty disappointed - there's a lot of junky Indian places in the city. But this place definitely delivers - strong authentic flavors, good portions and a good menu. I am sure we'll become regular take-out customers.
