I'll put this review rating in the middle as I can't say how the food tastes. Here with colleagues for a pit stop but I'm refusing to eat. My first and only impression walking in was the noxious level of some soapy-smelling incense that seems to be attention to mask the potent odor of human waste. I've worked as a contractor in existing Indian restaurants before. Sad to say that in some of these places shows like "Restaurant Impossible" don't even scratch the surface of unsanitary conditions. That said, I can't say that's the case here, but when in Rome...Other critical reviews are spot on about better food outside of this borough. Jackson Heights, QN is ground zero for quality Indian food at unpretentious prices.
Discovered this gem while looking for places near my home and truly a delight! We had the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry along with the samosa and cod fish fritters. Everything was superb. The place is extremely clean as well which I love. Our waiter was awesome will come again.
I am usually not a fan of taste of India in New Jersey, but this is exception :) This is has it all! From the top bar, to the ambience & specially the food. Great place to be even on a Sunday night! See you guys soon! Thank you so much.
Came here for dinner with a group of five on a weekend. Came in without reservations and was seated promptly. I ordered vegetable samosa which were nice and crispy. The garlic nan tasted fresh and soft. You should definitely order the poori. It is a very light puffed bread shaped like a balloon when bought out. Very cool. The chicken biryani is nice spicy dish with decent portions. The place has a nice up scale decor with a bar and an amazing bathroom. Yes, the bathroom gets a special mention. As soon as you walk in, the bathroom has an ambient blue lighting illuminating the edges of the mirror and wall. It like set piece from Star Trek, TNG of course. I definitely would come back.
Overall a great experience, service a little slow but we had the time to relax, examine the menu and relax (that was the idea) I was very satisfied with the appetizers, we had a basket of Nan, garlickey mushrooms and the meat samosa, good enough to open up our desire for Indian food. Everyone in my table was pretty much pleased with their plates as for me I had the Shrimp Biryani, I was happily surprised with the amount of shrimp found in this plate... It was great because it was a combination of spices and sweet but I have to say that the mild version it was still too spicy for me, I added white rice and gave it the balance I was looking for... I also added the sweet and sour sauce they serve when you arrive to the rice and made it even better... Good place, good service but they should be a little more cautious with their Mild versions of their plates.
Great restaurant! I rememberd when I first moved here we tried this place and weren't impressed, needless to say they have significantly improved since then. We were seated promptly and got water, napkins, and complimentary crackers without hesitation. The food was amazing I recommend the veggie pakoras, chicken makhni, mixed biryani, and the garlic naan. The gulab jaman was the best I ever had, but be careful because it is scorching hot on the inside, which I didn't know and burned my tongue lol I think I found my new favorite Indian restaurant on the Island!
This establishment did not meet my expectations given the high ratings. The atmosphere was nicely decorated and comfy setting. We started off with the garlicky mushrooms, and to be honest the appetizer did not leave a good impression.  We thought our main course will cover up for the loss. The chicken lacked moisture as it was clearly over cooked, leaving it super hard, dry and rubbery. Impossible for us to chow down. The lamb was on a more edible side. Heck, I didn't even enjoy their basmati rice. We did enjoy the garlicky naan bread... But we didn't finish this either.  We hate to waste food, but we didn't even want to bother bringing the 60% leftovers home. 2 stars for OK service and keeping our water glasses filled. The canned juice was just way too sweet to wash the dryness down. (I know, I am spoiled by the city's fresh juices everywhere I roam.)  I don't think I've ever had to drink as much water during a dinner.
This is the best and only choice for Indian food without going to the North shore. Tasty aloo gobi and raita. Take out is just as good as sit down too.
This place was very good and easy to get to from my house. Since I went here a while ago, I can't remember all the details, however I do remember it being an extremely hot day and the service was very stingy with the water. But I also remember the food was great and the service respectful. Would definitely go back.
This is hands down my favorite Indian restaurant.  The lamb chops, and garlic naan are my favorites, along with a Pomtini.  A close second is their Bhaingin Bharta eggplant dish, which is perfectly spiced.  The basmati rice is very flavorful.
Five stars means perfect. Now this place is great. Good service great food! The vegetable biryani is a must have every time I order from this place
Service and decor was a solid 5 out of 5. Food was decent. I ordered the American staple chicken tikka masala and some samosas. Also ordered the nan. That was enough to get me super full. And I can eat quite a bit. Portion look small but they fill you up quickly. Spiced iced tea is different. Sure it's great with an acquired taste. Mango lasse was spot on awesome. Food could have been a tad spicier but I think they are serving to a more Americanized customer than traditional Asian. Was definitely good to come back for when I get a craving. It seems they are doing everything possible to give the customer a very positive experience. I think this place would flourish in Edison or Somerset.
Food is DECENT but their prices are outrageous. I wouldn't mind paying the price if the food is delicious. I often went to Indian clove and go all the way to Edison, New Jersey to get great Indian food. The portions are not very large and the amount of rice that is served with the food is minuscule. Disappointing to say the least!
I've eaten here many times and I can say their quality is even better than before. As I'm having lunch, the meat has a nice fresh tender texture. The chutneys are a good indicator of great quality cooking bec the raw onions are not soggy. It's very nice and crunchy. Keep up the good work! The place looks fabulous!
The food is okay, but VERY expensive for what you're getting. I live literally 1.3 miles away, and they refused to deliver to me unless I hit a $30 minimum, and they don't seem to care when you tell them to cancel the order because of it. The rice is pretty good, and the reg nann bread is good too.Update: So I decided to give in and order because I was craving Korma. I decided to order online, I put $30 worth of food in my cart, and then hit checkout, they charged me an extra $2 for delivery!!  This place is seriously greedy and absurdly brazen!
We came to this place 11 years ago when we first moved to the island, we loved it, they had a tasting menu for two back then. This was even before the renovated the place. The place looks amazing and the food is fantastic. The tasting menu for two is no longer offered. Raj, one of the owners is the nicest guy I know.Great for special occasions, dates, lunch or whenever you're hungry for excellent Indian food!
I have been coming to Taste Of India ll for over 20 years.  I'm in NJ now, but drive to Staten Island just for lunch or dinner.  No matter what type of Indian sauces you enjoy--marsala, curry or butter chicken...this restaurant definetly makes the best.  The breads are fresh and the meats are very tender.   I sometimes buy a container of  marsala sauce myself and make some Indian food at home.I highly recommend this place if you want delicious Indian food.  The service is good and never long waits for your meal.   Jim G.
I really like this place. In my opinion it's the best place for Indian on the island. The naan is always good.my faves are the tikka and garlic naan. The give you three little sauces that are red, green, and black. The green and black are yummy and i love the black. It's so good! I really like the tikka masala and the vindaloo with chicken. The vindaloo can be REALLY spicy though so beware. It's a nice looking restaurant and they give you decent size portions.
I have no complaints. Their service is great. The food is very tasty. The drinks a great too. The atmosphere is desirable, although I wish the audience would be a little more diverse, but I guess this is a function of the restaurant being in New Dorp.
Food and service good.  Restaurant shares parking with lighting store, but check first. Menu says 18% gratuity added on for party of 4 or more.  Beware not the case tip is separate
First off, I love the decor because its unlike any other restaurant in Staten Island. The food is pretty good but I wouldn't say its amazing. The naan bread is good and I've also had the Chicken tandoori before. The chicken was quite bland and could've been a little more tender but overall, I quite like Taste of India and would go back.
I came here last night for date night. The place is abs beautiful. It's kinda on the dark side but perfect for a dinner date. Starting with out drinks we got the lychee juice which was delish!!! We ordered the veggi samosa and tomato and cheese nan for appetizers. They were alright a bit too oily for my taste.For our entrees we got the butter chicken and the shrimp vaslaki? They were both very tasty. The garlic nan was also very oily.The food came quick and the service was very attentive. Yes, I would recommend! Prettiest Indian restaurant on Staten Island.
Really wanted to like this place. Ordered "garlickey" mushrooms for an appetizer which was delicious. Unfortunately, the main course chicken tikka masala was extremely hard. Sauce was good but actually meat over very overlooked and rubbery. Left most of the chicken on the plate which I never do.
I love Indian food, and I gotta say, this place was never my favorite.  The spices weren't aggressive enough for my taste...it was a bit Americanized.However...I was blown away on a recent visit.  They've revamped both the décor and the food.  We shared the papri chaat (one of my favorite dishes, and their version is excellent), samosa, house special biryani (with shrimp, chicken and lamb..VERY good), raita, and palak paneer.  Oh, and naan, of course.  We enjoyed every bit of it.  Nice cocktail menu too, I loved my tamarind martini.
This is a milder version of Indian food for more western palates. My husband and I have been to several Indian restaurants in brooklyn, queens and the City and this place is delicious and fresh. We have only been here for sunday brunch, which is a great way to be able to try a lot of Indian selections and introduce your friends and relatives to a cuisine they may have otherwise not been intimidated by on a menu.It's not as spicy as the usual india cuisine which I do like from time to time. The flavors are there. The prices are reasonable. 10/10 recommend.
Fell in love with Indian food when I stumbled upon this place. Love the ambience of the restaurant & very tasty food.Tip: Naan bread dipped in their masala sauce -- BOMB.COM!!!
They updated their look drastically, NYC type of restaurant ambiance. The price reflects on the new change. However, the food is on par with the new look. It's tasty, fresh and delicious. It's the only Indian restaurant in the Island that has great competition with other indian restaurant in NYC & NJ. The vegetarians dishes are refreshing and not greasy, aloo mutter etc. The meat dishes, chicken kebab, are fresh and very tasty are one of few sample dishes we've eaten there. They're  drinks are remarkable and refreshing. The service is great and quick. They're constantly refilling our glass, cleaning our table and attentive to our needs. No regrets dining here.Food is costly, where you're getting quality food.
Always great service (even with limited conversation with the servers bc of language barrier), and awesome food!!
I have been going here for the past six months with my girlfriend and we both absolutely love this place. The food is delicious and the waiters are very courteous.
So this is my first trip to a Indian restaurant. Let me say the entrees was pretty tasty, I had the shrimp curry, it was very good no complaints,my wife had the chicken curry and she enjoyed as well. We recommend this place food was good,servers was helpful and the decor is recently Reno and looks very well. We will visit again  2 thumbs up.
This is great example of a place that you go to for good food and service. The atmosphere is decent, but the food is certainly worth trying. Possible the best Indian spot on the Island.
My husband orders from here every now and again. It's good Indian. I'm not amazing or very innovative, just kinda typical Indian food for Americans.
I been coming to thisPlace for last ten years. I have to say this is one of the greatest tasting Indian cousins I'v tasted, especial their seafood masala and try the spinach appetizer, the menu has a vast selection of choices. I highly recommend to try Tast of India on New Dorp Lane.. Good eats))
Okay so I'm updating this review because I've been pretty disappointed with the last 3 deliveries from here. One time the container was all cracked & the label from the container soaked into my food which was gross. Next time i ordered the guy taking my order was not friendly & he messed up my entree & forgot to add something to the order. I live an 6-10 min drive away but the minimum order for me is 30$ plus they charge me a few dollars for gas. Whenever i dine in i have a better experience, I'm just disappointed.
The most delicious Indian food on the island, (especially the chicken makhni!!), that I've had yet. Nicely decorated inside, with great service.
Worth checking this place out. Has great Indian food and has won a few island rewards.also do a great takeout menu. All sorts of Indian cuisine for all kinds of tastes. Had a few of the items and wasn't disappointed. Looking to go back again.
We have been going here for years. When we had first moved to Staten Island I was, even at my ridiculously young age, an avid lover of Indian food. We used to go to this place back in Queens and I was obsessed. Well, Taste of India fills a special place in my heart because it was the first place on this Island that filled the void. And it's always great, every time. Try anything. They can tweak spiciness/mildness (I love spice, my mom cannot handle it, and we both are able to be happy). The servers are accommodating, friendly and helpful. They pimped out the decor a couple of years back and it's now much... erm, sexier. So atmosphere is very nice. Chicken korma is... mmm. They have a weekend buffet to get ghee-fully stuffed at (get it, get it?). And get the gulab jamun. 10 year old me highly approves.
delicious Indian food.  I've tried many Indian  places in Manhattan, Canada and Mexico, this is by far the best!  the decor is nice, service is great. the food is consistently good.   they have a buffet every Sunday.  it's a great way to try different dishes.   I hope this place is around for 20 more yrs.
Possibly the best Indian food you can find outside of being in India.  You don't know me but trust me that I'm a foodie and really enjoy the fancy down to the street food.  Taste of India II has found the delicate space between being profound in its taste and presentation while balancing a great atmosphere that is inviting and cultural.  As for the price, I always feel like I get the greatest value even when we are a few bottles in to the course.
Over ten years ago, when I was 19, I traveled through India for a long long time. When I came back to Staten Island I craved Indian food. I tried many places in other boroughs. I admit I didn't think an authentic Indian place could exist so close to where I live but Taste of India is it. I eat here almost once a week since returning from India, and I am now 32! Never have the dishes disappointed, just the most delicious possible. It's just the perfect place and I am grateful it exists on Staten Island.
Have been here a few times over the past 6 months because my parents like the lunch buffet setup.  The food is meh at best with spurts of okayness :).   One out of the 3 times was a good experience taste wise.  The options are usually chicken tikka masala, paneer, vindaloo, tandoori chicken, and sometimes samosas.  The Naan is usually not bad, although yesterday it was awful.  I'm a huge fan of good naan and usually order extra just for myself.  Yesterday I ate one piece and never went back for seconds.   The Indian cuisine options on the island are somewhat scarce - good indian food anyway.  My suggestion, cross one of the bridges and venture outside of the island.  Much much better food in either direction.
I liked their decor from outside to inside.. It was well designed. Their waiters were nice and helpful.. We were there late one night and pretty much ordered everything on their menu. We got a lot is great food.. And they all tasted amazing! Spices were just right and seasoning couldn't be any better.. Their food is much MUCH better then then other indian restaurants. I will definitely revisit again! I did notice a few issues.. Their busboys are a bit rude.. And their card processing systems have glitches.. I was over charges by 3x and that was eventually fixed but.. I might just use cash next time.
Great food, high quality. We order 2-3 times a month for the past few years and never got one bad dish. Everything is always way too delicious. However the pricing could be a little lower. We seem to be paying for their renovations...
Recently revisited they have expanded the restaurant very nice cozy place. If your interested in having your taste buds awaken taste of India is a fun place to try out. Don't be worried about not knowing what to order the staff will help you out. The food is very tasty I will definitely be revisiting again. And the kids even enjoyed the food
Nice decor, clean bathroom. Those are only good things about this place. Vegetarian snack platter was OK, just that.Fixings for papadam were obviously passed from previous table without refreshing, one was half empty. Cheese naan tasted like quesadilla, not in a good way.I ordered Crab masala, and was presented with something that resembled deli meat in sauce. After asking the waiter about it, I was told it's imitation crabmeat, because real crab meat "melts during cooking". Wait, what??Tasted just like it looked - slimey and papery, which was a shame because their spices were good . Round all up with watered down house wine, this place is on "I will not go back" list for me.
One of the best Indian food my fiance have had in the NY metro area. Worth the trip from Brooklyn.
My first time experience with this establishment was in the form of delivery. I was in the mood for some great chicken tikka masala as well as to try some other dishes to assess their review.  After reading numerous recent reviews I came to two conclusions. Firstly many of the people who suggested that their chicken tikka was amazing or awesome clearly have never had great tikka masala before and secondly from my own opinion, their chicken tikka masala is far from great, I wouldn't even say it's OK. Here are some details: the chicken isn't bbq'd but is instead actually cooked in the sauce itself turning it very dry, the chicken is also frozen and thawed, anyone with a food pallette and attention to texture can detect. The spices used are mostly dry spices, not fresh except for may be two of them. For true tikka masala spices have to all be whole, fresh and toasted before being ground and added. Last but definitely not least they use a sub par yogurt which is either light or low fat which completely kills the dish with out the added fats and flavor and to add insult to injury they even water down the sauce. For 13 bucks of this fake tikka masala you also get only a pints worth with about 5-7 small chunks of chicken. You'll notice the chicken doesn't have skewer marka or BBQ burns which dramatically adds to flavor. The basmati rice they give you isn't cooked to order and came very dry, honestly it tasted like it was made yesterday and reheated or has been sitting on a heater for the entire day. Other dishes ordered were equally tasteless. Dry rice and watered down tikka earned this review but sadly there's a lot more.For a 45 dollar order came no plates or utensils especially when told this would be for 2 people, we didn't even get napkins.  The portions for this drek is hilariously small as well. They ask for 13-16 sometimes almost 20 dollars for each dinner portion and your surprised with how little food you actually get. Delivery to me took over an hour considering they are 10 minutes away and the driver didn't even have a pen to sign with. Minimum order for delivery is also $30.Its clear that while sometime ago things may have been different in the past in this establishment but my experience leaves me to believe that the kitchen chef isn't watched over or doesn't care, management isn't keeping a watchful eye on produce quality, cooking technique or the delivery service experience to the patrons. I don't like writing bad reviews but when it is this bad something needs to be said. I have ate Indian all over NYC for 20 years and shocking would be the only way to describe my experience, especially for the money they ask. I hope this review leads to serious changes. Lord knows we lack great food on the island. Lastly, if you really want to try most possibly the most authentic and amazing chicken tikka masala that will leave you speechless, I would suggest you make the trip to Brooklyn just for the experience at a little restaurant called King of Tandor located at 600 Flastbush Avenue. It's a ways away but if you do, your sure to be blown away.
Delicious food and good service. The interior is very nice. The best part is their Sunday buffet special, I only wish there was all you can eat naan
This is as good as it gets. The portion sizes are filling, prices are reasonable, and service excellent.  I eat Indian all over the place. I have eaten it all over NYC and the country and have never had food this tasty and well cooked. It was heaven on Earth. We began with the appetizer of samosa which are vegetable and spice with potato knish type of fried pastry. Wow it was so fresh with fresh peas inside and obviously made to order it had just been made obviously after we ordered it as we had a little bit of a wait but well worth it once it came out. Next up, we got the curry chicken. Fabulous. We requested non spicy and we got superbly seasoned pleasant and mild delicious curry sauce and we were in heaven. I complemented the waiter and the man who took the check and told him this was the best Indian food I ever had.  Once he completed the transaction for payment, he promptly walked into the kitchen to tell the chef what I said. Well done. Highly recommend this place. Very clean too.
Worst service!! They made us wait for 2 hours for delivery and then went to a wrong address and then refused to deliver the food. The guy was nasty  &  rude.
SOLID, reliable Indian food.  We have been coming here for years and it is just as good as ever.  We now live a bit further away near the ferry and we love that they deliver to us, and is always within the timeframe that they estimate.  They are so accommodating, will make basically any dish that you ask for... I especially love the papri chaat, which is not on the menu but is a DELICIOUS app. And as I mentioned in my previous review, the taste of india chicken is no longer on the menu but they will make it! Service is always warm and friendly when you eat in.  Glad to have such a great go-to Indian spot.
I used to go to Taste of India 1 on Bleeker Street many years ago. Since they opened on Staten Island years ago, this has been my go to place for Curry Row styled Indo-Pak ever since. I order from them approximately once a month and and the food has remained consistent over the years. From the Biriyani dishes to the pakoras, poori, naan and paratha breads, this place is the tops. While much pricier than their East Village counterparts, it is well worth it to escape the commute to Manhattan. Some live sitar and tabla music would be a nice addition though.
First time I had Indian Food. Tried the Chicken Tikka Masala. Excellent. Portions are small but very filling. Service was fast and friendly.
Where do I start the staff was very courteous and friendly. The food was amazing for the most part though the seafood masala tended to be a bit chewy, the rest of the food was spot on. Not very expensive and great portions. The atmosphere is relaxed and laid back. Overall great experience. Go later in the day other wise parking is a pain.
Every time I come here its a new experience for my palate. Going to keep this short.....love the food and the service
Most of the time the food has been good. However, the people who run the restaurant are rude & inconsiderate. My husband & I have been loyal patrons for many years. Even when we moved out of the neighborhood we continued to have it delivered to us. Always on the phone the people are unappreciative of our business. The last straw was when it took almost an hour & a half to deliver. Each time we  called we were told the food was on it's way, no one ever said "I'm sorry" or told us why it was taking so long. In fact, at one point we were hung up on ! I do not expect anyone to kiss my butt just because I patronize their establishment. However, I do demand that people be polite & professional. I will NEVER order food from this restaurant again. I hope they go out of business. If they do, they will know why !
Everything here is on point.  Meat is tender and fresh white meat, naan basket was delicious, and the vindaloo was perfect for my tastes.  The food wasn't greasy at all.  Decor is cute too, would be nice for a date, try to make lunch specials to save a few bucks.
I love this place. Their decor I wonderful. Keeps with the Indian theme while still being relaxing and modern. Their food is always amazing. You can order anything and it will be delicious. Always always try their specials when they have. Awesome!
I am writing my first review. I had takeout from Taste of India ll this evening. I had Lamb Vindaloo some raita to cool the burn with some naan bread. The food tasted fresh and traveled well and I will definetly return to explore other dishes. The lamb was lean and tender. The vindaloo not goopy but light and just the right heat. The naan needed a quick few minutes in toaster oven. That was not their fault just doesnt travel well but was a perfect exceptible naan. The rice and raita were also prepared with care. A must for Indian lovers.
This is a gem!  Food was delicious and fresh.  The service was excellent, very professional and polite.  I highly recommend this establishment.
Great food great staff.  What more can you ask for. I'm surprise this place is in Staten Island. Even the decor is nice.
This place is legit and I'm picky! All the food is made with quality ingredients and is delicious.  We tried chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala, a vegetarian eggplant dish and naan.  All were very good.  Highly recommend!
Top notch service and amazing food.  No matter what you order it will taste perfect.  Their vegetable platter is what I always start off with.  Chicken tikka masala and the spinach purée with lamb are the best things I have ever put in my mouth. Love this place.
I ordered from here for the first time and absolutely loved it have tried it again since then and really think you can order anything and savor it! The bread basket deal is my favorite with the Raita sauce ;)
The Indian Beer is very good, don't sleep on it if u think is weak.  It creeps on you afterNan bread of course is very good.  Try out the appetizer of meats.
Amazing. Beautiful inside and very clean. Food is authentic and tasty. Lunch deal is very reasonable. Very nice people and love the naan. I will become a regular when I'm in SI.
I enjoy Indian food and this place has never disappointed. It is close to where I live and the online ordering makes it easy. I have tried an array of menu items and liked them all so far.
I've been a fan of Taste of India II for many years.  The owners and staff are very friendly and the restaurant, with its new renovations, is beautiful and clean.  I often crave their vegetable biryani, so I have to go there and get some!  Also, channa saag, spinach and chickpeas.  So delicious.  I have never experienced any delays with their delivery.  Always prompt, even on a Saturday night.  Excellent and highly recommended.
The place is really nice on the inside, and the service is excellent. I remember what it looked like a few years ago and the renovations they did really paid off.  Prices are fair, and food is pretty good, and being that there aren't many good Indian restaurants in Staten Island, you definitely shouldn't miss out on this place.
I am pretty new to Indian food, but the chicken tikka massala is great! The basmati rice is always fresh and delish.The only drawback is the tacky new ambiance of the newly remodeled restaurant.
I'm not from Staten Island and I'm told that this restaurant closed and recently reopened.  If you haven't been here...GO NOW!!!  The food is excellent....flavorful samosa, curries unlike any others and delicious Gulab Jamun.  The decor is worthy of Manhattan....a must on Staten Island!  *A fifth visit and still a must !
I have been going here for many years now, big variety of choices, I love all the vegetarian dishes, palak paneer, malai kofta, mattar paneer, the spices and sauces are just perfect, I actually have a stomach condition and can not eat any spicy foods and I tell them vey mild  and it comes delivered perfect. They are always very friendly and quick with service, the garlic nan bread is so yummy, best Indian food I ever had, the chicken dish I always get is chicken korma in a creamy fragrant cashew sauce, very yummy
Had dinner here last night and it's always delicious. Usually we hit the Sunday buffet but last night ordered off the menu and again delish! My family has been coming here since I was a little kid. Best Indian on the island.
Way over priced I get the same dish in the city for 12 dollars less .. And the onions don't come out completely raw ! How do u charge 25 dollars for shrimp tandoori and bring out completely raw onions .... Tandoori was ok . I would not return to be robbed in my wallet for nothing special . The place looks great but that's all ! Staff is not so friendly either !
I've been here a few times first time was awesome, I was super excited to finally eat some good Indian food. We entered around 8pm on a Saturday an they weren't very busy, bar area empty as well as the lounge. I was thankful for the great service we received. Around 9Pm is when it started getting busy, parking was okay very small lot but there's street parking. Not very fun for kids but nothing an iPad can't fix. The food came out nice an fast the food  was delicious the nan bread was my fav as well was the chicken curry. Know we went back again an it was a total disaster, food came out all wrong an about 45min of a wait to get our food. Mine wasn't even placed so while they fixed the other food, I still had to sit an watch everyone else eat theirs an wait. The server didn't come an apologize to me & my family. We weren't noticed at all. My uncle was furious, I felt embarrassed for him an bothered be no one even showed curtesy to us to at least apologize for 1 the long wait for our food, 2 messing up everyone's ordered 3 waiting another 30 mins for our original order. After all said an done the server comes an I reach out an ask him what's the problem why did we have to wait so long exc he says well where short handed a few people called out an there's only 2 of us working, I mean okay I get it stuff happened but come one at least apologize an give us a round of drinks or a free bread or something, I mean just an acknowledgment of their service, an apology would of been fine as well. Over all I'm not sure if I'll return again, not bc the food isn't great bc it is, just didn't feel happy with that 2nd time of going.
Went here on Father's Day and we loved it! Ordered a few different appetizers: veggie samosas and pakora, as well as naan, and everything was delicious. I had the Malai Kofta entree, which I recommend for any fellow vegetarians. Will be returning!
The best thing on the menu for me is the Malai Kofta. If your going with Indian food you have to go with a vegetarian dish, that is their specialty. Their basmati rice is also on point. good service, clean place.
Delicious! If you're in the neighborhood and looking for quality Indian food, I recommend checking out Taste of India II.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  My favorite dish is the salmon tikka; it comes out on a sizzling skillet with lots of delicious vegetables.  I always leave feeling satisfied.
You could ask me, "Dude, what the hell were you doing on Staten Island?" Naturally, I'd tell you that it's the place I go to get away from it all. The place I go when I need to see almost identical American flag murals on a thousand different buildings. The place I go when I just need to breathe that sweet, sweet Richmond County air. The place I go when I don't want to see whatever the hell it is that makes Brooklyn such an incredible place.I was out and about and, as is often the case, Yelped.. only -- wildcard! -- I was on Staten Island! Since I was Deep in that Dorp -- New Dorp Lane, aka "The Dorp" or "Dorpin' It" -- the prospect of Indian food sounded like a good bet. My pal Andre and I went for it.The $10 buffet is something I love. I'm a thin dude, but I love to over eat. I was a fat teen. Indian buffet is what started me on the vegetarian path so many years ago. Let's just say Indian buffet and I have quite a fabled history.Taste of India II had a decent -- at best -- buffet. Food had flavor, but it felt a little dialed-in as far as Indian goes, much as one might expect. My pal salted his pakoras. For a vegetarian, selection was limited that day to palak paneer (spinach/cheese) and aloo gobi matar (potatoes/peas/cauliflower). Nothing tasted particularly fresh. I still ate it, though. Two plates worth.Of course, that doesn't speak to the quality of the food, just to my obsession with even mediocre Indian buffet!
Went here for lunch on the recommendation of my bf's physician. With the yelp reviews backing her claim, we tried the weekend buffet lunch special. At $10 per person, it was a steal. But that's where the good news stops. I'm inclined to believe that all the other 15+ reviewers have never had decent indian food. The naan they served was greasy. The chicken tikka masala everybody else is raving about was super salty. They must all have high blood pressure. As for the attentive service? Completely lacking. The waiter asked us what we would like to drink and never came back with our order. In fact he just filled our water glasses instead. Maybe he knew the tikka masala was going to be overly salty so he was indirectly giving us a heads up. Chicken tandoori, chicken in the tikka masala, ANYTHING WITH CHICKEN IN IT - DRY. Thank god the waiter gave me water instead of my chai tea. So what was decent? The spinach with cheese, stewed okra and the rice. But key word here is DECENT.Never coming back. Definitely nothing special. I've had better at fast food indian joints all over the country.
the BEST. Service is great, food is terrific ! only complaint is the chicken tikka masala could use a little more chicken
Great food!!! I went for the weekends lunch buffet and everything was so tasty.  Price was very reasonable and service was good too. I will definitely come back :)
Wow, Wow Wow this place is excellent. I ordered takeout and it was excellent. That's right I said excellent twice so far. If you love Indian food this is a place to go they were super friendly courteous knowledgeable of their menu and the food was excellent once again.
Have to change from 4 to 5 stars. Liked it before, love it now. Our favorite Indian spot. Love renovations done. Food is perfect every time.
Mediocre restaurant. Went here on someones suggestion and it was okay nothing spectacular. Maybe a bad night but the food was so so. Ordered the chicken tikka which i felt was dry. There were also a bunch people at the bar which i felt was a distraction since they were loud. The service however was great and the design was nice and modern
I ate here the first time for lunch a few weeks ago.  The food was great.  I've eaten at other Indian restaurants in NYC and Taste of India was just as good if not better than some.   Although costly (as most Indian restaurants are) the food was worth it.  It is clean and nicely decorated.   Since it was our first visit we ordered a lot of food to try different things.  They started with Nan bread and sauces.  We ordered 2 appetizers - kalmi kababs and vegetable pakora.  For our meal we ordered chicken curry, chicken saag, and lamb tikki masala (they all came with rice.) The portions appeared small but there was plenty of food - we took more than half home and had dinner the next night.  I am definitely going back.  However,  I gave it 4 stars because the appetizers lacked flavor in comparison to the flavorful meal.
This place hits the spot! Amazing spices, hot food, excellent service. I have some issues tolerating wheat and eat a vegetarian diet so my choices on Staten Island are limited but I always leave Taste of India II fully satisfied with my meal and available options.If you're not sure about what to order, the staff is very knowledgable about the dishes and the preparation of some items can be adjusted (a true commodity in my case - and a rare find on Staten Island)
Good not great, would give 3 1/2 stars if there were halves. I recently moved to the area and love Indian food so I ordered take-out from this place in search of my new go-to place. Customer service was excellent, prompt and friendly! The garlic nann was very good! I ordered veg and meat samosas, both good. The tamerand sauce I used with the samosas had a good flavor but was a bit watery. I had the chicken tikka Marsala as my entree and it was good, not great. In all, a decent choice...if I don't find a better place I could live with this option. Doesn't seem like their are many Indian places nearby.
The food here is so bad that its probably the worst Indian restaurant in the entire US. Pakistani restaurants, hell even the bangladeshi street vendors make better food. You've to be an absolute idiot to eat here period!
We really enjoy this place, that recently had an inside "makeover," which is good, as there really is not too many Indian places on Staten Island, that have a great variety off food & are a good value.Our favorite item is the tasting dinner for two (they have both the meat & the vegetarian versions.)  It is truly a very nice value & includes a great sampling of their dishes.  THE ONLY THING, IS THAT RECENTLY THEY STOPPED SERVING THE MIXED DINNER FOR TWO ON FRIDAYS TO SUNDAYS (THEY SHOULD AT LEAST ALLOW IT ON SUNDAYS.)  This means ordering at a higher price point on Fridays-Sundays.  The mixed appz. plates are very nice, as are such dishes as Chicken Korma.We also noticed that the Tasting menu for Two, had a course of Chicken Tandoori grill, that had become smaller in size, it is important that, like other places, they do not start to cut corners & reduce their draw.The only other issue is that parking can be a problem at times.  In the end, for good old SI, & for those not wanting to head to all the places that are in NJ, they are & remain a primary choice.  Also, the service is very good & they are all friendly and very helpful.of late, when still enjoy a decent, low cost weekend lunch here, via the buffet, we are finding the quality of the buffet food preparations going down just a little bit (for example, the meat being very dry, -and Thames dishes all the time,) As mentioned, we wish they would bring back the dinner tasting menu for two once more!
The food here is banging my girlfriend and I came here a few days ago. The shit was delicious, I love the nan bread, it has a nice decor and friendly service. I would definitely go again and highly recommend going here.
Very pretty inside... too dark though, draw a curtain maybe?Veggie samosas, mango lassi, baingan bhartha and kheer rice pudding is a solid meal here.  Made a few people who had previously stated they did not "like" Indian food into chicken-tandoori-chomping fools!  Best Indian food I've ever had on Staten Island and service is attentive.
New renovated, we decided to try this place for dinner. It is beautifully decorated inside and luckily, there was no wait. The staff was very attentive. The food was okay, however. Nothing out of this world. We tried the cheese and tomato nan & I got the chicken mango dish, both okay. For dessert, we tried the Cheese Balls in milk syrup & I thought it was horrible. I had one bite and could not bring myself to eat anymore. Overall, an okay place.
Here's a poem:Yearning for the flavorChicken Makhni you make me singFor you I will laborTo have in my house the husband will bring. I used to think they were overpriced. But after many years of eating at and having take-out from A Taste of India, I have decided they are well worth the money. Food is excellent and the decor is serene and gorgeous. And to top it off the staff is always attentive and pleasant.
This has been a staple restaurant for me and my family for 15+ years and in that time the food has always been consistently above par.. The service is better than average.. The restaurant is clean and decor is on point.. It's a quiet restaurant which makes it nice for an intimate experience.. You need not be an experienced Indian diner as there is something for everyone, kids included. Vegetable Samoas are awesome, don't forget to order the breads (Pouri, Naan)- fresh and delicious.. The entrée portions aren't huge- but I would say this allows you to sample the menu; but I've never left hungry.. Price is reasonable for the quality and atmosphere.. Great for a date night.. They also have a Sunday brunch buffet which I would recommend- it's an all you can eat, and they offer a nice sample of the core menu. Compared to the "Indian on Clove" this is a better choice in my opinion.
I usually eat here on saturdays or sundays for the weekend buffet. Price is 9.95 all you can eat, with unlimited NAAN.Variety is lacking in some ways, but with that being said... THIS PLACE ROCKS... attentive staff, replenish food often... really an excellent value...should have better support from surrounding community!! NEW DORP LANE SUCKS
Everything we ordered are good. We would love to try their weekend lunch buffet one day.
A friend and I were starving one night and decided to try this place because the reviews were favorable.  NOT A GOOD IDEA!  chewy under cooked lamb, rude owner treated us as if ourmoney wasn't good enough, didn't thank us on our way out and gave us his back after he was hawking us to make sure we paid as if we lookes like hoodlums...also over priced and no value.  They barely gave us 2 complementary chips..so cheap they are!  I've been to othe many indian places people wake up and try an authentic place; so undeserving of their rating.  Just around its location so many better and more valuable options..we spent $64 with an unappreciated tip for two people no desert and we drank tap water.  I suspect its the family of the rude owners that wrote all of the reviews under different aliases..DONT DO IT!  Watch russel peters..
The owner is a mensch!  The food is good. I cried when they left Bleeker Street. If I lived on Staten Island I would go here more.
Favorite restaurant on Staten Island! Every time we go, which is very often, we order a new appetizer; they are all so yummy! The veggies appetizers are just as good if not better than the meat ones. The curry beef is my personal favorite main dish because the meat is tender it falls apart in your mouth! Love it here.
So I just spent a week dogsitting for a friend out in Staten Island and luckily my friend left menus.  Being a vegetarian, I tend to eat a LOT of indian food and love it very much.  I say that to mean, I like to think as myself as being a solid indian food critic.  This place tops my list.  The only downside is that min. delivery is $30 but that wound up working well since I had plenty of left overs to enjoy.
Staten Island leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to good Indian food.  Well, at least it did until I discovered Taste of India.  I found this place by accident but am ever so glad I did.For some unknown reason, every time I've had dinner here, the restaurant has been desolate which is probably a good thing as the venue is fairly small.  The booths are uncomfortable but the food makes up for it.The naan is so fresh and appetizing and coupled with the Paneer Makhani (which isn't on the menu but they're happy to take special requests) is sheer jubilation.
Decor of the place is not something i would expect from an Indian restaurant, that's because im used to more colorful Indian places in the city.  the appetizers were pretty good mushroom deep fried and their white sauce specialty.  Main course was spice chicken and lamp, which was very good. Good place to check out.
My favorite Indian Restaurant. The food is really great and the restaurant itself feels like a lounge with their new renovation. I recommend the Malai Kofta dish which is one of my personal favorites.
Very good Indian cuisine. Have been coming here since before the renovation. Owners are a friendly bunch. Food is tasty, and never fails. The plsce also has excellent indian beer choices.
Awesome food. Like seriously good portions with an unfortunate price to match. Indian restaurants on Staten Island are pretty pricey but they also do lunch buffet for like 11$ I think this place is better than Indian Clove (on clove rd. and victory) and much more relaxing than Chirag (forest ave).
After having passed by this place for years, I decided to try the food after they changed the decor (I know that's a stupid reason). Anyway, the place looked great and the food tasted great too. I ordered the chana masala and inhaled it. Something to note, the sauces here tend to be runnier than a lot of the dishes I've tried at other Indian restaurants, some people like that, some hate it, I love it. What can I say,  I'm biased towards a runny masala.
We had the food catered for a party we were having.  The food was tasty but extremely oily.  We complained about it and the manager hung up on us.  Poor mgmt.
I've eaten at Indian restaurants all over the USA and I always love to come back here. It was the first place I ever ate indian food but they also have the best veggie samoas I've ever had esp with the brown dipping sauce (sorry I don't remember the correct terms). I am never disappointed whenever I have eaten there and always bring friends and visitors here. Try their Banana Pakoras, you don't find them at too many places. And the ever popular Chicken Tiki Masala is always a good choice. Best Indian food I've ever had on the island!
I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food, but when I went to this place for the first time it felt like I was in paradise. Taste of India makes me like Indian food much more now. The buffet on the weekend is excellent with different items each day. If I'm in the mood for Indian food, I will go to Taste of India. Great service, great food, great value.
This is the first place I ever had Indian food and I have to say it was great. I've had Indian food in a lot of places around the world since, and I still consider this one on my top 3 places. Prices are fantastic, and it's not like in Manhattan where you get tiny portions of 5,000 different things for really cheap. The food here seems to be made with more care than other places I've been to in NYC. Definitely worth checking out if you're in this area.
This place is hands down the best indian food I've ever had. I ordered their chicken tikka masala to go and picked it up. The interior of the place is a little dark and a bit small, I felt a little crowded in there being that there was so little light coming in. The windows to the place are completely curtained, which I didn't understand. But ultimately I was there for the food! And let me tell you, the food is GOOOOOD. The tikka masala comes with a very fragrant rice, and nanh bread to dip with. They also gave me 3 bangin' sauces that I wasn't sure what to use with. One was a refreshing green paste, another was some kind of chutney, and the last was a slightly thick dark sweet sauce. I put all 3 on everything though since they were all so damn good. The actual tikka masala was extremely flavorful and overall I was very pleased!! Definitely ordering from here again.
These guys are AMAZING!! The food never disappoints, the price is decent, and the atmosphere is pleasant.  My wife and I usually choose to come here first whenever we're too tired to cook on a week night.  It's romantic, and waiter is courteous and attentive.  Our favorite dessert is the Kheer - you won't find it anywhere else.
I like trying new foods so my boyfriend and I decided to check out Taste of India. We had no idea we were in for such a treat.The restaurant is tranquil. (With its dim lighting and small tables, it's ideal for romantic evenings out.) There are Indian paintings and sculptures adorning the walls. The wait staff is attentive and willing to explain anything and everything on the menu.Their food is mouth-watering. The banana pakora were delicious morsels of sweet goodness. I found the pastry shells on their samosas too crispy for my liking but still enjoyed them wholeheartedly. The puri bread was outstanding -- and fun to deflate! The chicken tikka masala was perfectly tender and delicious. For dessert, I tried gulab jamun (which are cheese balls in rose syrup) and was surprised by the texture but delighted by the taste. It was sweet but not overwhelmingly so.It's definitely the best Indian restaurant on Staten Island. However, I had to give it only 4 stars because it'll never compare to Gandhi (restaurantgandhi.com) in Montreal, QC, Canada.
Went there for the Saturday Lunch Buffet. Very disappointed with the lack of selection and the food was lacking a lot of flavor. Inside looks nice, but when I go to eat I go there for the Food.
+++. This is the only indian resturant on SI that is worth the money. Try their takeout look on their website.
I eat Indian food all the time, brought up on it, cook it.  Taste of India is MUCH better than Indian Clove - in food AND price.  The portion sizes are filling, prices are reasonable, and service excellent.  The palak paneer is tasty and the spinach is blended well. At Indian Clove, the palak (spinach) is choppy and not blended well.  All the breads are delicious, not greasy or hard. My boyfriend loves the dal, chicken masala, and tandoori chicken meal. I like the veg. samosas, naan, aloo prantha, shish keebab, any of vindaloo dishes (very spicy), and channa saag (spinach) and channa masala. Seafood (tandoori salmon) is tasty too.  They don't give many pieces of shrimp in any of the shrimp meals :(    OBVIOUSLY, Manhattan will have better Indian food at more expensive prices, but for SI, this place is the best with Indian Clove in second.
Let me start by saying I absolutely love Indian food. The intensity of the flavors is something you don't usually find in other cuisine. Having eaten here when they had the buffet (do they still have the buffet?), I really enjoyed it and thought it a worthwhile meal on a weekend afternoon. I came back here in May and found the food to not be as great as the buffet, strangely enough. We ordered the Palak Paneer and that was a disappointment unfortunately. The Meat Samosa was not good at all, too dry and bland. The other appetizers were ok, not great. However, the Chicken Tikka Masala was wonderful. The naan was also delicious. I was a little disturbed about the fact that one cannot order a side dish of anything. It seems to me there should be side dishes, you know, smaller versions of stuff to eat with your entree. Duh! But my spouse ordered a mango chicken dish (sorry, can't recall the name)  which was good although the mango should've been sweet and was not. I am giving them four stars, although the food could've been better, because the service was top-notch, the ambience was classy and modern and I did truly enjoy the experience of eating there. I like the renovation though the old place was nice too. This place could be incredible if they really wanted to.
We don't usually stray from Italian, chineese, or steak places. We decided to try different and were really pleased. Food was excellent ( didn't know what to order and guessed), service supreme. We will now add Taste of India II to our "going out menu".
def go for the buffet! good deal and great indian food, well too bad, we dont live in SI anymore, otherwise buffet every sunday!
i really love this place, although i havent been back now in about 2 yrs , my last experience there was divine . Very nice indian food , good atmosphere!
