Though the pork belly might be a bit over hyped, the overall experience is top notch. Had the deviled eggs, pork belly for two and the maitake mushroom side. Of everything we enjoyed the side of noodles that comes with the pork belly, but really couldn't complain about anything. In addition, the wine and service were excellent. Will definitely be back.
LOVE this restaurant! Seriously give this place a try if you're in the neighborhood.The ambiance is super nice and low key, especially if you come before the dinner rush on weekends. It feels very intimate so it's great for dates or just hanging out with friends. Cocktails were super yummy - I tried the Yuzu, Thai chili and sake one. Beef tartare was good, but nothing mind blowing. Still worth trying if you like wagyu beef. Definitely get the sliders with brioche, the entire thing just literally melts in your mouth and is so incredibly flavorful. The portion size is perfect because you get enough to satisfy you and enjoy the flavors, and it's also quite filling.We tried the cobria and snow crab pasta. The cobria is kind of subpar; I would skip on this dish. You get virtually no fish for the price, and the flavor of the broth is just average. Not well executed at all and it was my least favorite dish. The snow crab is AMAZING. I'm not an Italian food/pasta person at all and I really liked this dish. The noodle texture is so chewy and tastes almost like it's handmade. The best part though is hands down the sauce - it is literally the perfect balance of flavor. I do wish they gave more actual seafood for the price tho. Overall - I do recommend this place, although I would keep the price of the dishes in mind when ordering. They definitely add up easily, and the portion sizes are kind of inconsistent.
This was certainly a very memorable experience (in mah mouf) and I highly recommend you check it out. I was there with 5 girls for a light dinner and drinks.The dinner started with an amuse bouche that was some sort of apple puree with a hint of chili. This was really superb, and I felt inspired to make soup all winter long.For food, we got:The OctopusBrussel SproutsMaitake mushroomsSticky riceThe Pig OutThis wasn't a ton of food so if you are trying to have a real meal, I would recommend throwing in another main course or two. The standouts for me were certainly the Pig Out and the octopus. The octopus came with this amazing pureed fingerling potatoes that came out of one of those fancy spray cans. I typically don't eat canned food but for these I'd make an exception every day for the rest of my life if I could.The Pig Out is an absolute must. This is supposed to be for 2, but honestly it was a lot for two people (in my opinion) if you are planning on getting a few appetizers. The spicy peanut noodles were potentially the best part of the meal.The service was great, the atmosphere was wonderful and the soap in the bathroom smelled fantastic. Definitely recommend, and I'll definitely be back.
I came here for Winter '16 Restaurant Week and am so glad I did. Writing this review makes me want to come back here, because the food was incredible unique, satisfying and worth every dollar.I got the following:Appetizers: Watermelon Ricotta Salad, Fluke Crudo with Squid Ink CrispsMain Dish: Pig Out for Two - fried pork belly, peanut noodles and condimentsDessert: Deep Fried Buns with Vanilla Ice creamI'm not sure if these specific appetizers are still available after checking their site, but be prepared to be shockingly surprised with how they uniquely pair simple ingredients. The appetizers act as great introductions to the main plates that are heeavvyy, so they're great refreshers on your tastebuds!I will never say no to pork belly, ever. I practically grew up on Korean BBQ and pork belly is  practically flowing in my veins so any time it's available on the menu, count it ordered. That being said, Pig Out for two is outstanding. Not only is it hefty cuts, but the meat is fried in a way that the top layer (skin) is thick, crunchy and so freaking satisfying on your mouth that although it's meant for two, you will steal the other half. Other half which is the actual meat has a good consistency. The dish might be a little too salty and drying without the condiment/salad pairing (which is personal preference) but the overall experience beats minor details. It also comes with side bowl of sweet, rich/dense peanut noodles for each person. To top it all off, dessert consisted of fried buns + vanilla icecream. Honestly I felt like this was one of those 'final meals' you choose before death-- probably from being too full but certainly happy.
I came to Tuome for NY's Restaurant Week last night.  It's a small restaurant on E 5th and Avenue B in East Village.  I've never heard of it before, but the menu intrigued me.  We had a reservation and were seated right away.  The restaurant is dim lit and romantic.  It's a great date spot!  The service is excellent; everyone who helped us was very nice.  I ordered the Chicken Liver Mousse to start, which was tasty and a lot creamier than I've had before.  Note: The courses were spread out quite a bit, but nonetheless, we were fine waiting.  Our entrées came next: Snow Crab w/ Noodles, Squash, and Dashi Butter.  This dish was incredible.  The noodles were fresh and the flavors were fantastic.  It was getting late, so our dessert was packed to go.  I have not tried my Berry Tart, but it looked great.  The prices here are a bit steep, outside of restaurant week, but I really enjoyed my experience.
This was on my list of places that I've wanted to try for awhile, and I finally made it here for Restaurant Week. Besides for the fact that some of the tables were really close together (I was this close to inviting myself to go on a trip to DR with the girls sitting at the table next to me while I was waiting for my friend to show up) everything else was great. Like I said, I showed up a little before my friend, and they sat me right away. The place wasn't filled yet, but by the time we left there were a few people waiting around to be sat.  While I was waiting I browsed the RW menu and the regular menu.  The one thing I wish I had tried off the regular menu was the deviled eggs, but that just gives me an excuse to go back.  We stuck with the RW menu, and ordered the tartare and butternut squash soup to start, the lamb for two, and there were two desserts so that made it easy, we got the beignet ice cream sandwich and banana.  I also ordered the east village blossom (brut rose, hibiscus, blood orange) and it was pleasantly sweet, but not too sweet.  They brought out an amuse bouche to start, which was some whipped ricotta with everything (bagel) seasonings on top, and served with some home made root vegetable chips.  So good, I could have eaten a lot more of that, but it definitely a nice way to start off the meal.  Next they brought the tartare, with a 3 hour yolk in the middle, and it looked so good!  I'm somewhat new to eating tartare, I really only stuck to raw fish before, and this tartare didn't disappoint. Next up they brought the butternut squash soup, and boy was it good.  I imagine there was lots of cream in it, but I did not care, it tasted great.  The lamb came out and it was served with red quinoa and bibb lettuce wraps. The lamb was so tender it just fell off the bone.  It was fun to make little tacos with the lettuce wraps, and the portion was huge and wound up taking some home, since we didn't want it to go to waste!  I do not like banana, and even though my friend insisted it would be easy to avoid I skipped the banana dessert.  It was like a deconstructed banana cream pie, and it must have been good since my friend polished it off.  The beignet ice cream sandwiches were good, but nothing special I would say.  Definitely a nice way to end the meal though.   Overall I enjoyed my meal here. The service was good, with our waiter being attentive, but not too attentive. The food as I said was all very good. I would definitely come back, and get some of those deviled eggs!
** Restaurant Week 2017 Review ** Tuome has been on my life since last Summer's Restaurant Week. I had reservations last summer with a coworker but we both ended up canceling. This year, we decided to try our best to make it happen! We arrived on a Monday night a little bit early for our reservation, but was seated right away. We both pretty much already knew what we were going to get - the goal was to order two different appetizers and desserts and split them. We ended up ordering their Deviled Eggs off the regular menu. The Deviled Eggs are fried and topped with chili, which was a nice departure from your traditional Deviled Eggs. Highly recommended! For appetizers, we split the the Beef Tartare with wagyu beef, three hour yolk, and lemongrass and the Chicken Liver Mousse with New York maple and milk bread. I honestly thoroughly enjoyed both appetizers and could not tell you which one I liked more. The beef tartare was fresh and meaty while the chicken liver mousse was smooth and both sweet and salty at the same time. They're both so good! For our entrees, we both ended up ordering their famous Snow Crab noodles, which comes with a squash and dashi butter sauce. These noodles...my God. The noodles themselves were cooked perfectly - super bouncy and al dente. They definitely do not skimp on the snow crab at all, there was so much crab! Together, the crab and dashi butter sauce so was flavorful but yet light at the same time. The portion size is very generous as well. I would definitely come back JUST for these noodles! For dessert, we split both RW options - a deconstructed banana "pie" with bananas, malted cream, and goat's milk caramel and the Beignets ice cream sandwich with persimmon jam. First of all, the ice cream in both desserts was super iced. How was it so hard?! The "pie" cream was really good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the cracker/"pie" crust. The beignets were very tasty and hit the spot as the sweet component of the night. Service was attentive without being overbearing. I really enjoyed my meal at Tuome and will definitely be back outside of Restaurant Week. I'd love to try their Pig Out for Two with crispy pork belly. And of course, I definitely need to come back for the Snow Crab Noodles!
Oh Tuome. It seems like just yesterday that I read Pete Wells's enchanted review about your intrigue, your splendor and your creativity. I've walked past your heavenly gates dozens of times in my life but have never had an occasion to step inside and stay awhile. But thank the good god of all things epicurean, all that fantasy became reality on Wednesday night. Tuome was simply divine and if you're willing to shell out a bit extra for a special meal, please come here.Tuome is fantastic for splurging for a special occasion. Such was our experience Wednesday night. Special occasions of any kind get me very excited. Doesn't matter if we're celebrating for me or for someone else--celebrating means bountiful food. Trust me, I have my priorities straight. In any case, the space is cozy, simple and elegant. They don't need to go bonkers with the decor here though--the food is loud enough on its own. The menu here is quite small, but that should not be mistook for a negative. I actually prefer small menus for several reasons. First, the glutton in me always wants to try as many dishes on the menu as possible. Fewer options, more of the menu can be covered. And fewer decisions to be made. But more importantly, at a critically-acclaimed restaurant like Tuome, I interpret the small menu to mean that serious thought and care goes into each dish. I'd rather a chef cook a handful of things to perfection than try his or her hand at an unnecessarily expansive with just a "pretty good" ceiling. The dishes at Tuome are inventive but the menu doesn't give much away. But again, I'd rather the description be vague and the food tell the story any day. Drink-wise, I can only speak to the beer/cocktail offerings. They offer a small but solid collection of beer (I went with the Tripel Karmeliet because when am I not going to get a Belgian Tripel?) as well as some wine-based cocktails. I typically only order liquor-based cocktails but I figured I might as well ask about them. After hearing about the general spice of most of the drinks, I gave the Fire in the Sky (sake, Thai chili, yuzu) a go. Because...Thai Chili. Refreshing, spicy and super yummy (see picture). We knew we were in for a magical night after receiving our amuse, which was a delicious pickled baby beet--a delicious pickled baby beet that did exactly what an amuse should do: perk up the palette, get a bunch of the tastebuds involved, and give us a little preview of how tasty and creative our meal was going to be. And while it'll be hard to put it into words, I'm certainly going to try. Beef Tartare: Wagyu beef, three-hour yolk, lemongrass: A+Just look at that majestic picture. The yolk is served atop the fluffy beef and you get to stir that baby in yourself. This dish comes with broccoli chips for your scooping pleasure and to add a little crunch to the mix. This dish is light but still uber flavorful and is a fantastic starter for a meal that is bound to get richer as you get deeper into the menu. Quack on Brioche: Duck confit, daikon relish: A++I don't even know what to say here. Whatever the chef does to make this duck taste so good, well, I don't even want to know. This is a serious flavor bomb. Take your time with these two sliders because they'll be gone in 15 seconds if you're not careful. These are rich, flavorful and utterly perfect.Watermelon w/ ricotta, farro, crysanthemum: AWhat a gorgeous, creative dish. Aesthetically stunning. The watermelon, as it always is, was sweet and refreshing but paired really nicely with the farro which brought some interesting earthiness to the dish. The crysanthemum added a teensy hint of bitterness to round out this thoughtful dish. Octopus w/ pork xo, brown butter, fingerling potato: A+Sometimes I don't know what I did to deserve so much good octopus in my life. And Tuome gives me yet another octopus dish to rave about. Cooked perfectly, this octopus is served with some delicious and delightful "potatoes" which are "served" right in front of you. The quotations are due to these particular potatoes being foamed out of some fun gastronomic contraption as the dish is served. My one issue with this dish--which I often have with octopus appetizers--is the actual amount of food one gets for the price. Feels a little stingy. But that's a minor complaint. Snow crab w/ noodle, summer squash, dashi butter: A+Honestly, this dish was almost too rich. The dashi butter was just verging on overpowering but I still inhaled everything. Snow crab, along with octopus, is one of my very favorite foods. This was almost like if that bomb Thai dish you love got a series Princess Diaries makeover and you could still kind of tell the original was there but otherwise DAYUM. Pretty sure my eyeballs were popping out while eating this. Share it with someone who's willing to take the plunge with you.
Restaurant week Summer 2016 review:Presentation is pretty. Space is cozy with exposed brick. The drinks are strong and well crafted. Food is rich in flavor and hearty. Lots of focus on heartier and buttery flavors, which was a bit heavy for the summertime. My favorite dish is the crab noodle. Noodles tastes hand-made and lots of snow crab meat. Their version of a deviled eggs is closer to a scotch egg. It is definitely modern pan-asian with Italian influences, but different than the new Japanese-Italian pasta trend. Highly recommend for a special date, but when ordering, strike a balance amongst the dishes ordered so not to be left with all too rich tasting dishes.
I would unequivocally endorse Tuome as a stellar meal and one of the best I've had in a while. Every dish I got was a hit and essentially I am only evaluating degrees of greatness. I came with a friend and we ate our way through a sizeable chunk of the menu and both of us were very satisfied. Our opening appetizers were the chicken liver mousse and the octopus. The mousse was topped with a bit of maple syrup and was accompanied by some fried onions, salt, and a seed that I believe was sunflower. These three were placed on the side and entirely optional additions to be combined with the mousse. Milk toast was the delivery vehicle for the mousse. The flavors were great and I loved the salty sweet combo with the addition of the syrup. Our waitress even checked in and provided us more toast when we ran out. The octopus might be my favorite dish of the night especially with a string of weak offerings at other restaurants. Beautifully cooked with just the right balance in texture so it wasn't too mushy but not too chewy either. The pork xo was the highlight, fulfilling all my salty umami desires. Paired together with the fingerling potato spread? Sauce? Just made it even better. For mains we had the beef and the pig out for two. The beef was a gorgeous medium rare, sauces included a butter nut squash puree and what I believe was a bearnaise sauce as well as a bordelaise sauce. A crispy sunchoke and mushrooms accompanied. It was delicious. Pigout for two was my other contender for best dish of the night. I have tried to guess how exactly the pork was done and my conclusion is that they did a Berkshire pork confit that they built back into cubes. Then made the crispiest much beautiful pig skin I've ever seen to layer back on top so you end up with beautiful cubes. Hoisin sauce on the bottom, just enough for a bit of flavor. Then served with a ginger scallion sauce and a sweet chili sambal. This pork was amazing and might be my favorite pork dish of the year. The peanut noodles were also great. Just enough spiciness for flavor, a not too thick but still peanuty sauve and nice springy noodles. There was also a walnut and pineapple arugula salad. Good for contrast from the heaviness of the pork. As a side we also got the rice which was sticky rice, Chinese sausage (lap cheung), and kale wrapper in a lotus leaf and steamed. You've probably seen something similar at dim sum places. This was better than any I've had state side. Lastly was dessert. They served fried mantou with citron lemon marmalade, vanilla ice cream with red bean on top, and caramel sauce. You build your own sandwich with the freshly fried mantou. The mantou was made even better versus traditional ones as the chef managed to layer the dough so it ended up a bit like a croissant. Phenomenal restaurant and definitely worth a visit. I will note my friend and I came fairly early with a 6pm reservation and likely managed to monopolize the kitchen's attention for a good while so that likely helped.
Food: 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Service: 3/5Value: 4/5Came here in a group of 6 for a birthday dinner and was really really impressed by the food at Tuome! The restaurant was quite small and intimate, dimly candlelit. The 6 of us got the Trebbiano white wine which was light and fresh. We then shared two orders of the deviled eggs, scallop crudo, snow crab + noodles, lamb, pig out, broccoli, and maitake. EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS. My personal favorites were the deviled eggs, snow crab + noodles, and maitake. The amuse bouche was everything ricotta + taro chips.. tasted like an everything bagel and was very tasty!Deviled eggs - 3 to an order; the hard boiled eggs were battered and deep fried, and I really like the chili oil flavorScallop crudo - light, citrusy, pretty tastySnow crab + noodles - literally delicious; noodles were so well-cooked and flavorful, with snow crab sprinkled on topLamb - ridiculously tender!! I'm not even normally a lamb fan but this was truly deliciousPig out - too oily imo, with a very very crispy and oil skin, but the pork meat itself was pulled or pounded or something; came with salad and these yummy noodlesBroccoli - solidMaitake - crispy mushrooms that came with this delicious cream on top (onion soubise)The only sore spot of the night was our waitress... she was very down to business, no pleasantries, and seemed stressed out / didn't want to really answer our questions.WOULD DEFINITELY COME BACK. Defs a pricier dinner though.How likely would I be to recommend to a family/friend? 9!!
I cannot begin to explain how amazing the food is here! At first you might think the servings are small, but the flavors are so rich that it honestly makes up for it. The pork is AMAZING. 10/10
The moment you walk in, the atmosphere of the restaurant is calming and the service is friendly. Don't skip on appetizers or dessert here. Those were the highlights of the meal for me. For the appetizer, I highly recommended the Tartare. It is perfectly seasoned and delicious mixed with the yolk. The woman sitting next to me even ordered this as her meal. For the main, we ordered the pig out for two but were a little disappointed in the pork belly. I expected it to work crispy all over but instead it was a little soggy on the bottom with a crisp top. The noodles were pretty delicious though. For dessert, we ordered the beignets with ice-cream. Top notch! I could eat that over and over again. The seating was a little tight depending on whether you're in the front area or back. But that's New York right? Overall I'd come back and try to order different items off the menu instead of the pig out for two.
GREAT place! This place is as good as it gets for sure. Had an intimate girls night and literally every dish we got was just perfect!When other reviewers tell you to get the snow crab noodles and the pig out, YOU LISTEN. Because, these just became my two favorite dishes in NYC. I would definitely return here to literally "pig-out" on all of their other menus they have to offer. They also gave us complimentary soup-type corn dish that I couldn't make out what it was, but it was SO good.The service was impeccable, and the food was perfect, making my overall dining experience as 5 star worthy response.
Went here with my husband and another couple for dinner this past Saturday night - everything was really great, I'm SO glad we made it here.  We all split the following:Apps:OctopusDeviled Eggs   - Both were delicious!Dinner:Pig Out for 2Snowcrab Chicken    - Everything was amazing, the table was split for favorites between the Snow Crab and the Pig Out, I personally liked the pig out just a tad more! Both were rich and decadent and mouthwatering.  I love a good crispy pork skin and it had the perfect tender middle.  A must order in my opinion if you like pork.  Cannot go wrong with the Snow Crab either - a very rich sauce served over pasta with bits of crab.  The chicken was also very good but it's just so hard to compete with the other two!Sides:Potato    - these were whipped with a smokey onion flavor, so unique, I was LOVING this sideAll in all a wonderful meal, start to finish.  I am already recommending this place to friends!
It's not you, It's me.  That little Seinfeld-ism just about sums up the first two courses I had here as part of Winter Restaurant Week.  Because you see, the food was nicely executed. It really was.  But I realized once and for all that I am just not a New American cuisine sort of girl.   Incorporating global ingredients and techniques with farm-to-table American cooking sounds lovely in theory.  But for me, the end result is often muddled.  Even boring.Case in point: My Waygu Beef Tartare with Lemongrass & Three Hour Yolk.  I got a few hints of lemongrass as I ate this, but that was about it in terms of flavor.  Plus all I kept thinking was, "Wtf is three hour yolk anyway? Because this just tastes like random raw egg to me."   Friend got Butternut Squash Soup with Coconut Foam & Chive Oil.  I will concede that this was good.  Delicious even.  Okay, yeah. I experienced a bit of dish envy with this one. As for our mains, my friend and I decided to share the Lamb for Two, which consisted of Lamb Shank & Red Quinoa with Lettuce to create wraps.  The Lamb was nice & tender.  All the ingredients were perfectly cooked.  But had the company not been so engaging, I would have been bored.  Very, very bored.  If there were Asian influences in this dish--and the  kitchen supposedly incorporates them-- I just wasn't feeling it.  The subtlety must've gone way over this uncouth girl's head. The Dessert Course is where this meal really went off the rails for me.  Banana:  "Pie," Malted Cream & Goats Milk Caramel -- The "Pie" component of this dish turned out to be some sort of shortbread that was so hard my friend and I could have used a mallet to help us cut into it. (Note to self:  When a restaurant puts quotations around a menu item, as with "Pie," in this case, think twice.)Beignet: Ice Cream Sandwich, Persimmon Jam -- I didn't get this one at all.  It presented more like small profiteroles, not beignets, with some utterly forgettable ice cream in the middle. This final disappointing course was total affirmation of my longstanding belief that restaurants should offer diners the option of ordering wine or beer instead of dessert during RW.  'Cause I'll eat dessert if it's put in front of me, but I'll rarely order it in a restaurant.  At any rate, it's saying something that I barely touched either of these, nor did my friend.Big shout out to the host, who so graciously offered to store the chopped liver I'd just purchased from nearby Russ & Daughers in the fridge for me.  Ditto to our lovely server who retrieved it.  Props also for the lively, happy vibe this little spot gave off.  Place definitely packs 'em in on a Friday night.  So I am clearly an outlier with regards to the food.  What can I say?
The restaurant week menu here was phenomenal! Course 1: The fluke had a lot going on, but all the different ingredients complemented each other well. Acidity from the cherry tomatoes provided a good balance to the fish, while the squid ink chips added a nice, contrasting smoky flavor.Course 2: Noodles were soft and doughy, sauce was rich and buttery. I love seafood with pasta and the crab was wonderful. The dish is definitely on the heavier side, but that's what makes it so incredibly satisfying.Course 3: Listed as "strawberry" on the menu, it actually turned out to be a delicious, decadent salted dark chocolate tart! I'm amazed by how the restaurant paired everything together so beautifully. The meal was wonderful overall, from the service to the ambiance to the food!
Absolutely LOVED this place; we went with a group of 5 for a birthday dinner, and after every dish came out, everyone couldn't stop exclaiming, "omg so good." One of my friends even coined Tuome their newly crowned favorite restaurant in NYC ;) It's a good walk into Alphbet City, but trust me, it's worth the trek! The reservation was for 6:30pm and we were seated promptly. Not sure if it's because it was a week night, but the restaurant stayed relatively empty for the duration of our meal.Here's what we ordered to share:Egg [deviled, crispy, chili] $8Tasted like a perfect scotch egg with a slight asian flare with the chiliTartare [wagyu beef, three hour yolk, lemongrass] $17Slightly expensive, but I loved how this was different than regular beef tartare you would get at another restaurant. There were infused lemongrass flavors, and it was sweeter in general. The sous vide egg was amazing too, binding it all together.Snow Crab [noodle, english peas, dashi butter] $31Oh man, what can I say........these noodles are glorious, definitely tasted hand-pulled (I hope they really are, or else these are some pretty fantastic premade noodles!). The butter is so rich, but the english peas give it a nice contrast. Crab is also cooked perfectly.Pig Out for 2 [berkshire pork, spicy peanut noodle, condiments] $52Pretty expensive, but made well - there are 10 pieces of crispy skin berkshire pork belly pieces, and two bowls of peanut noodles. THOSE PEANUT NOODLES ARE TO DIE FOR. I could eat bowls of these!!! Same noodles as the Snow Crab dish, but completely different flavor profiles. Berkshire pork had a really nice crispy skin, and the condiments really brought out the flavors in the meat :).Brussels Sprout [grape, pork xo, raisin] $10These were good, but I think it's pretty hard to mess up brussels sprouts :)Rice [kale, chinese sausage, duck fat] $9Ahhhh! The day we went also coincided with dragon boat festival, which meant we had to eat chinese tamales (zongzi)...so this was seriously perfect. The glutinous rice was so yummy with the duck fat and chinese sausages! Pretty oily, but completely worth it.DessertThey don't have a menu, but it seems like they have one item every day. We got these lovely deep fried buns with ice cream and red bean. AHH SO GOOD.A little expensive, but the food is incredible. Will come back for sure!!!
HUGE fan.  Every dish was unbelieveable. Highly rec:- snow crab noodles- rice side- deviled eggs- sesame noodles
Ok Tuome. I see you, hanging out like you ain't no thang, all the way on the other side of Manhattan, on that dark stretch of Alphabet City. I see you, acting like you're blending in. But you're a thing (you've been for a while), and you don't blend in with the rest. I trekked all the way from the Hudson side of the city to get here, and I was cursing my high-heeled boots until I walked in and felt immediately warmed by the atmosphere and smiles. The attention to detail combined with semi-casual attitude is really a winner here. We barely mentioned my aversion to dairy and the rest of the night the servers were very careful to discuss the various elements to the dishes that might have dairy. The wine was lovely, the ambience was just right. Not too loud that night, fortunately, and we had a lot of elbow room. We were only there to order a few light things before our dinner reservation somewhere else, and the servers made excellent recommendations. Particularly enjoyed their take on spicy, crispy deviled eggs. Tipping my hat at Thomas Chen's creations. Lovely date place.
Tuome is cozy and welcoming. The dishes are asian influenced and the outstanding dishes were the mushrooms and octopus.The mushrooms were pan fried with a lightly poached egg in the middle. Once the egg was mixed with the dish where it amalgamated with the hint of black bean, it created this sauce where I lamented the lack of sourdough to mop up the last drops. I am partial to octopus and loved the crunch of the outside and then to reveal the soft and tenderness of the octopus. Delicious.The pork belly was good. There was the crunch of the crackling matched with the soft, pull apart meat. However, the fat content was palpable. I did not like the noodles that it was paired with. The noodles were heavy with the peanut sauce and it needed a lift with some vegetables/coriander?As for the dessert, it was a Chinese 'mantou' with ice cream. Unfortunately it was described to me as a beignet and I was taken aback when it was fried mantou (Chinese bread).Enjoyable.
A very enjoyable meal. We started with the deviled eggs and octopus, which were both amazing. For my main, I had the snow crab pasta, which was delicious, but quite rich--best to share. My husband had the chicken with porridge. The chicken was moist, even the breast, and the skin was nice and crisp. Love the porridge too. My friends had the lamb for 2, and they said it was the best lamb they ever had. There was a mix up in our order, so they comped us the dessert, which was the make your own ice cream sandwich. I'm not much of a dessert person, but loved it. The service was very good. Next time, I'm going to try the Pig Out.
4.75 starsAlmost every dish was delicious. We could have ordered the whole menu. Food:Amuse: a bite of papaya salad in fish sauce that was deliciousDeviled eggs (fried): deliciousBeets with yogurt, quinoa, and pumpkin seeds: delicious and the quinoa and pumpkin seeds provided a crunchy texture that was very nice Kabocha squash soup with frog leg: the frog leg was not that good and I did not like this one, but my friend loved this Short rib beef: best dish of the nightScallops: very good and beautifully presented Brussel sprouts: delicious Rice with sausage: delicious stick rice wrapped and steamed in a leaf (think dim sum chinese rice with sausage)
Tuome was ok. One thing that bothered me throughout was the weird European music playing that was a little overbearing. The food itself was mixed. The branzino was cooked well but I was not impressed with the green goo that accompanied it. Pretty small portion for $30. The Chinese beneight  were very good, though. Overall it was alright but overpriced.
Pros:-Great Ambiance-Asian influenced food without all the grease. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce anyone? It was delectable!-Desert beignets were phenomenal! The dough, the caramel, lemon compote. Perfect! - Walk in at 7pm for a table of 4 and seated immediatelyMust try:-Duck breast-Chargrilled OctopusCons:-Small menu, but I still managed to find two items in each section that peeked my interest. The server recommend that each person order one item from each of the three sections. Our party of 4 shared a total of seven dishes and were satisfied. Only do this if 2 out of the 4 people are petite-Seating can be a little cramped, however, I like the cozy feeling- a wait time begins after 8pm
Food -+pig for two:  it was the perfect amount of crispy to make you grateful you went to the gym but not so much that you feel all is lost.  The sauces were delicious and the peanut noodles were better than I've found in many thai spots+corn with massaman: I don't even really enjoy massaman, but this take on traditional creamed corn really blew my taste buds+brussel sprouts: to die for - packed with flavor,  sautéed to crispy sweet and salty perfection with raisins and onions*one drawback is that they only had one dessert option, but with so many dessert spots in west village, it was actually nice to walk off our meal a bit before indulging in cheesecake elsewhere (yes.  we are fatties)Service: nice and friendly+held our table when we were late+glasses of water always full+helpful with giving menu recommendations+right level of menu-related small talk :)Ambience: cute and trendy.  Perfect noise level for a romantic, chic date.  But also good for a group of friends or when the parents are in town
Directly adjacent a supremely over-hyped ramen shop and across from an underrated burger joint on an otherwise unassuming stretch of Alphabet City lies the newest scenester darling - Tuome. Aside from the dim lighting of Edison bulbs casting a flatteringly warm glow off the requisite exposed brick, the flocks (the young, the wishing to be younger, the moneyed, the hangers-on to the moneyed) congregate here primarily for the pedigree. Listing Eleven Madison Park on a resumé seems to be a prerequisite to opening a well-received restaurant these days, and talking about said chef experience for the duration of the meal (and throughout the walk up the street and the wait outside) seems to be a prerequisite to being a diner at one. Given the small quarters you're confined in, this can make the ambiance a bit...strained. This is obviously not the fault of the restaurant. Asshats, like cancer, crop up when you least expect them, and are difficult to drive off once they're in. But a measure of good restaurants is how they are handled. Tuome's handling of asshats was exemplary. As M and I were leaving, one particularly ardent little tree troll grabbed his ill-fitting vest in a blustery rage, excoriating the hostess over the table she had chosen for he and his reservation-less date in spite of the relatively scant wait he experienced. I imagine he felt that hiding his bald-spot would be a rather difficult undertaking if he was to be seated in the center of the room. He was quickly and graciously whisked to a table along the wall while the center tables were hastily reconfigured for an impatient party of four. Such graciousness extends beyond dealing with shocking displays of douchebaggery. When M and I first visited, we were informed that the last order of the "Pig Out" had just been sold. Stunning, as the restaurant had only been open for two hours, and was not overly crowded. As that was the sole reason we had come, and given the scarce alternatives available (shellfish allergies meant that a large swath of the menu was off-limits), we left, vowing to return. Most servers would roll their eyes in disbelief and disappointment, but ours seemed genuinely apologetic, and when we returned the very next evening, was genuinely welcoming. That alone would have been enough, but the manager surprised us with complimentary glasses of wine (the wine list, while short, is rather accessible and interesting) for "the second chance." Unless you're in the industry (and are well-enough known), or are personal friends with the staff, such gestures are exceedingly rare. The fact that this one was made on a busy Saturday night in a very young restaurant speaks volumes, and bodes well for the service standards. Ultimately, however, food will always merit more weight in the spectrum of judgment, and unfortunately, was the sole area in which Tuome had a misstep. The fare started out promising enough, with an amuse of pickled papaya, heirloom tomatoes, and thin slivers of deeply fried taro root. Funky, earthy, acidic -- all proper notes given the idea of New American with Chinese influences. The optimism continued with our appetizer of watermelon, ricotta, farro and chrysanthemum. The creamy ricotta was the perfect blank canvas for the sweet, perfectly ripe watermelon and nutty, crunchy farro. The lightly tannic florality of chrysanthemum tied it all together, leaving each bite a bracingly cool affair. The presentation of these items, as with all the dishes, was tastefully artistic without being overly manipulated. Whatever Chef Chen retained from EMP, it was not an over-reliance on tweezers. Good thing, as the "Pig Out" as a dish for two, is not exactly conducive to that style. It was only fitting, in a karmic sense, that the "Pig Out" was the least impressive dish of the evening.  Most crucially, the pork was dry. The shatteringly crisp crust is wonderful on a technical and textural level, but when the meat beneath is closer to bagel than Berkshire, it becomes much harder to appreciate. There is also the uncomfortable reality of paying just shy of $50 for a borderline paltry portion of pork. This is a shame, as the house made sambal and peanut noodles are exemplary, if a touch sweet, almost redeeming the price of admission. The price has already been lowered from $58, but the path of redemption lies in offering richer cuts (which paradoxically may be cheaper). Go for other large dishes until then. As a side, we ordered the curried corn, lathered in crème fraiche and kaffir lime juice. The corn was another success, marrying the gentle, building heat of the curry with the subtle sweetness and firm richness of the crème fraiche, kaffir lime providing the necessary acid, leaving three out of our four dishes as great.Pedigree, however highly valued, does not always equate to prowess. But it can, and does at Tuome.
NYT and Eater reviews had primed me a good meal; Tuome exceeded the hype those two positive articles provoked.  With good music and tables packed cozily beneath cool light fixtures, ambiance is set nicely for a date or catch-up with a good friend or two.  Not sure I'd choose it for a larger group. Wine list offers a bunch of options in the $45 - $65 range, but enough pretense, let's get to the food:They brought out tiny papaya salads as an amuse bouche, which was a thoughtful and delicious start to the meal.Deviled eggs, with their crunchy exterior, were terrific.  Serving comes with three half-eggs.  We ordered oxtail spring rolls as our other appetizer (two per serving) and they were tasty, but were a clear second-place to the deviled eggs.I almost didn't order the short rib entree because of my dislike of sweet potato, but thankfully went with my gut.  The meat was flavorful and tender and the sweet potato puree was unbelievable.  If they packaged that puree for take-away, they would create an army of Thanksgiving MVPs.The missus ordered the chicken entree, which she said she loved.  (I was too busy ogling our side dishes to taste her meal.)  The corn, with creme fraiche and curry, was a revelation.  The rice, packed with chinese sausage inside a kale leaf, would be the best dish at dozens of comparable restaurants.Believe the hype and bump Tuome way up your restaurant to-try list.
Hands down one of the best meals I've had here in NYC. I've had my eye on Tuome (pronounced Toe-may, since the chef's Asian mother couldn't pronounce Tommy) for quite some time now. The small menu was a little bit of a turn off so it took me a little while to get the urge to check this place out, but I am so glad I did.It seems like the star on the menu here is the pig out for two, but that wasn't that attractive to me and they were out of it anyways by the time we got there around 9. For starters, we shared the octopus and the oxtail spring rolls. These two dishes and the sides were what initially attracted me to come here. The octopus was cooked perfectly, not too chewy or rubbery like many places. The potato foam that the put on at our table was cool to witness and added a great variety of flavor along with the pork xo. Only complaint I had with this dish was that the pork xo was a little too salty for my liking. The oxtail spring rolls came next and these were equally great. The star of the dish was the cumin dipping sauce. It was just too good and we ended up saving it to use on our other dishes. If they bottled that sauce and sold it, I think it would be a huge hit.Next along came our entrees, the scallops and skate, along with a side of the highly praised corn. Honestly, I can't stop thinking about how delicious the scallop dish was. I am always hesitant to get them because they end up being quite boring and bland, but here it was not the case. They were cooked perfectly and served with a flavorful foie gras sauce and carrot purée. The execution of this dish totally blew my taste buds away. Now every time I see scallops on a menu at a different restaurant, I don't even bother because Tuome has set the standards pretty damn high! As for the skate, I had a little bit of my friends and enjoyed it like the rest of the food, especially because cauliflower was incorporated in the dish. The only disappointment I had with this meal was the corn. It was an attractive and flavorful combination of curry, lime, and creme fraiche, but a good amount of the kernels were dried up and chewy, so we weren't really able to enjoy the side dish. Despite that, the rest of the meal was flawless and still earns 5 stars in my book.
Fortune smiled brightly upon us the evening we decided to try Tuome. I lucked out on a last-second OpenTable Hail Mary, and that solid New York Times review posted as we walked up to the door. About an hour later, the flood gates of food bloggerdom opened with boundless fury. Anyway, to the important stuff: the ambience is unremarkable, in the best way. The same with the service, save the very helpful ear of the manager, who was quick to make a different wine suggestion after eavesdropping on our server. The chicken liver small plate was terrific. Creamy, rich and spot-on. We ordered the pork entree for two, and that sealed our eternal allegiance. The pork belly was - no hyperbole, people - hands down the best I've had in my life. The outer skin was cooked to crackling grade while the inside remained juicy and soft as butter. I can't even remember the Ramen (or whatever came along with it), and I don't care. It's like remembering the name of any sidekick in an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie. Irrelevant beside greatness. Totally worth the trip for anyone in the city, and if you're in the 'hood and haven't been, shame on you.
So my wife and I ate at the spot less than a week ago with two very good friends and I'm now sitting here contemplating on going back. Why? The food was absolutely phenomenal. Being Cuban I know a thing or two about pork. I very seldomly order it when I'm out to avoid being disappointed. I tried the pork for 2 and it was hands down the best pork dish I have ever had (sorry mom). We also had the Brussel Sprouts, deviled eggs and chicken liver pate. None of these disappointed. Looking forward to have any excuse to go back. Come to think of it...I'm going back tonight!
Went to Tuome with friends last night (3/14). I recommend going with a party of four, otherwise you won't be able to get the Pig Out AND all the other great stuff.Beer and wine only, but the wine selection is pretty well-priced and pleasant.Started off with an amuse bouche, which was a nice touch. The chicken liver mousse is sweet and unctuous and everything a mousse should be (also, not cold, which is what I usually dislike about liver mousse). The octopus was well-cooked, but aided immensely by the pork XO sauce that was on a few other dishes. The mushrooms were great (for someone who doesn't particularly like mushrooms), but the mac and cheese is a skip. Needs salt, and the cheese is practically unidentifiable.Now, the Pig Out may be the city's current best medium-format meal. Easily feeds four (assuming you order all that other stuff!), and the noodles are FANTASTIC. Pretty much anything with ginger-scallion sauce is going to have my full support, but they pull off the "shredded and compacted pork belly and cheek" as well as any other trendy place in the city. You're really ordering it for the noodles, in my opinion.The other entrees we got were the chicken, which was perfectly cooked, if unimpressive, and the red snapper, which was also perfectly cooked, and sitting in a thick chowder cream with giant clams. Amazing. Also, the side of brussels sprouts was delightfully burnt and crispy. Highly recommended.Dessert is besides the point, but serviceable.Price was on the lower end for this kind of trendy sharing place.Here are my only quibbles:1) The people standing to be seated are basically standing over everyone with tables, it's so cramped. I assume this will be easier to deal with when it's warmer out.2) I am pretty saddened that there is no bread basket. While I love bread baskets in general, this place does so well with sauce, and then you're left spooning it up instead of mopping it up with TASTY BREAD! Tuome, my suggestion is to drop the amuse bouche and get with some BREAD! You're wasting your sauce talents!
Everything was incredible. I couldn't believe it, honestly.The octopus is creative and fun; the server dispenses the brown butter sauce from a pressurized container at the table. The pork xo on the octopus is perfectly crunchy and the octopus has a nice crispy outer layer. The components work so well together.The deviled eggs are amazing as well; crispy and flavorful.Duck? Perfectly cooked.The crispy Brussels sprouts with pork xo will convert any hater. So good. I could eat three bowls of these.The sticky rice is a must-have. It's glutinous and flavorful.I'm not  a huge fan of Chinese broccoli but the sauce but the sauce was wonderful.Also, the East Village blossom cocktail- brut rose, hibiscus and blood orange- was surprisingly yummy.
Found Tuome after reading an article in Vogue and decided to check it out with the boyfriend. SO GLAD I DID!We had the following...Amuse Bouche: YAAAASSSSSSSSSS. Pickled Papaya, tomato, and something else. OMG SO LIGHT AND REFRESHING. SWEET, SALTY- EVERYTHING YOU WANT IN LIFE. I WANTED TUOME TO AMUSE MY BOUCHE SOME MORE (sorry, I had to.. but seriously. It was that good). Chicken Liver: Great but nothing to write home about. Plus we thought the bread to mousse ratio was a bit off and wished there was a bit more bread to slather on some more of the chicken liver mousse. Oxtail Spring Rolls: The creamy cilantro sauce really put it over the top. I'd get it just for thatPig Out (for 2): Loved it- the crispy crispy skin on the pork with the delicious ginger/scallion condiment with the spicy peanut noodles... yum A+! Corn: Kaffir Lime-y, curry-ish goodness. Unexpected flavor profile in a seemingly innocent side dish. Packed a flavor punch and was quite deliciousSummer Sundae: Citron was an interesting touch. For me, the texture of the ice cream was the star of this dessert The service was awesome and I thought everyone was super personable and friendly. The food has a lot of Asian flavors [Pig Out reminds me of Filipino Lechon Kawali, while the noodles remind me of something I've had at my boyfriend's house with his family (he's Chinese), and I feel the corn had definite Thai influence] and was executed perfectly. The ambiance is great and the venue has a lot of personality. Ok I'm going to have a fangirl moment now-Chef Chen (say that 5 times fast, I dare you) came out to speak to us. He's young, he's cute, and he can cook. HAYYYYY ~~(sorry, boyfriend)  He was so humble and clearly cares about his menu and his patrons' experience. I think I might have scared him a little bit when I blurted out "THOMAS CHEN?!?!" when he came over to our table. The highlight of my night was his answer to one of my questions. Me: The menu clearly has a lot of Asian influence.. would you say your food is remotely fusion-y? Chef Chen: I don't really like the term "fusion". I like to call it New American. Couldn't have said it better myself. Tuome is definitely going places and I'll cheer them on with the other happy patrons! -------------------------------Perfect for: fuss-free date night, casual grub with friends
I think this place is a bit overrated and definitely overpriced for the quality.Mushroom and Chicken Liver apps were good. Pig Out was ok I guess, I liked the pork enough but the noodles were pretty greasy and too chewy. Salad is also nothing special. The place is really cramped and it's awkward when it's busy, especially when you first come in and walk over to the hostess. It'd be nice to have a drink at the bar but they cram in people to eat there, too. The music was also terrible, which I don't really care about for a restaurant, but it added to the weird vibes. The crowd is kind of UES/Murray Hill.
So, I think the real question is...how do you pronounce this place? Tu-ome, T-u-owe-me? OK - I digress. Anyway...I was lured here by the decadent looking "Pig Out for Two," but before I describe my experience with that, I must say...1) the deviled eggs here are in a league of its own - lightly fried with a bit of chopped pickles mixed in the inside filling to give some freshness to an otherwise rich bite. 2) corn with curry and kaffir lime was also an excellent side that had well balanced flavors and textures. 3) octopus dish was well prepared, but was a bit overly complicated.The Pig Out, actually, turned out to be the most underwhelming aspect of the night. The pork are little squares of the same suckling pig you'd find in Chinatown and the flavors of the peanut noodles are pretty one note. Sure, it's tasty, but you've tasted this before if you're accustomed to eating Chinese/Asian food in general.The service and ambiance were also a highlight - you can tell the proprietors are well versed in the standards of service at a swanky restaurant, but it is translated in an approachable and friendly way here. Seriously, everyone here was super friendly.Overall, 4 Stars - I had a very positive experience and thoroughly enjoyed most parts of the meal. The Pig Out was a miss for me, but I can see most people digging it.And, for the record, i think it's pronounced "T-u-owe-me".
ALL THE APPS ARE GOOD, but I especially loved the oxtail springroll, octopus (XO sauce is amazing), fried deviled eggs, and soft shelled crab. The spicy peanut noodles that come with the pig out are delicious and I loved the short rib. Brussels sprouts are always a good pick and definitely get the RICE (OMG yum). The drink list is pretty unique too-they have this delicious ginger ale that I'm obsessed with.
Came here for a belated Valentine's Day dinner with my plus one. First, it was really cold and it place is pretty far east that it was a bit of a walk from public transportation.We decided to dine at the bar. Started with the deviled eggs, then the pig out for two which came with a side of peanut noodles. We also ordered a side of yams! Sauces for the pork and noodles were rich and heavy. I didn't think I would like the yams but they were so fresh and hot -- and stayed that way throughout the entire meal even as the cold air from outside snuck in. We ordered maybe one dish too many but managed to finish everything and were sufficiently full.Had never heard of this restaurant but service was great and loved the cozy feel and exposed brick wall. Oh and the windows!
This place was Soo good! GetSpring rollsOctopus. The bits of meat on it are so good. Brussels sproutsRiceCornPig for two !! Love the spicy peanut noodles!!The fried Chinese beignets were ok. It was basically fried montao. Will def be coming back!
My boyfriend and I dined with Tuome last year for Valentine's Day. When we were brainstorming ideas for restaurants this year, it took us about a minute to decide that we wanted to return.Atmosphere: incredibly warm, inviting, and sexy. We were greeted with a genuine smile, which always starts the evening off on the right foot.Service: absolutely impeccable. We dined on a 6-course meal with a wine pairing for each course, and that takes a great amount of communication and precise timing amongst the staff. They did not miss a beat. Their steps of service couldn't have been more on point. The runners, bussers, and our charming server Jordon all worked together to provide seamless transitions between courses. Cuisine: when you are offering a 6-course meal coupled with a wine pairing, the key to making it exciting is contrast, variety, and balance. Each course had it's own unique element and was not repeated in any preceding or proceeding dish. The wine pairings complimented each dish perfectly, as well. A job well done by Tuome's executive chef! I truly cannot sing enough praise for this restaurant and for it's generous and attentive manager, Brandon. Please do yourself a favor and experience the beauty Tuome has to offer.
Great new restaurant in the East Village.  We had the eggs, squash, beef and corn.  All very good. The restaurant has a darker feel to it.  The food has a Thai flair, which we enjoyed.  All-in, a great new addition to the East Village rotation!
What a wonderful evening !! The meal and drinks were outstanding. The Octopus was perhaps the best I ever had. It's was amazingly tender and the flavors made me want to eat the plate or order another for desert. The Pig Out  pork belly that was perfectly prepared crispy skin and butter like meat.  Order the desert !!!
Went here with Kerry P. for a catch up dinner - and I would definitely come back.... but only during light/no jacket season or when there aren't as many people here. The seating is so tight that I was afraid that I would knock off people's dishes/drinks or break some plates and cups. Plus we were sandwiched between a seriously awkward date and a group of really loud and distracting guys.Despite the tight seating, the food was amazing. We had the deviled eggs, chicken liver pâté, pig out & corn. The deviled eggs were quite delicious - they're also breaded & fried which was a nice surprise. It was a really nice start to our meal.The chicken liver pâté was absolutely amazing - it was so smooth and had the perfect texture and perfect mix between sweet and salty. The bread, nuts, sea salt and chicken skins were seriously great additions to the mousse.The corn was also really good. It had a great kick... But our corn was either over cooked or undercooked - the top bits were super dry and dehydrated.But Tuome is known for their Pig Out - for $58, I expected a bit more meat. However, you could have totally just ordered this with a friend and left full... because there was a giant bowl of noodles with the pork. The Pig Out is accompanied by spicy peanut noodles, which were really tasty. So good that if you like peanut butter and spicy food, you really need to come to this place just to have the noodles. It's also accompanied by a refreshing seasonal salad, which balanced well with the heaviness of the noodles and the fried pork. The actual pork part of Pig Out comes with 10 cubes of deliciously cooked pork cubes and two sauces to play with. While the top was crispy and the meat super tasty, I definitely expected either a bigger portion or just more in general for the price.Overall a really enjoyable meal - minus one star because of the corn, tight seating and the surprisingly small pig out (with delicious sides).
The place is cute. We ordered the oxtail spring roll which was good but nothing exciting. We also ordered pig out for 2, which was really heavy and between 3 girls we didn't even finish it. The noodles that it came with was too pasty and a bit salty. We also ordered the sticky rice, which was decent and the brussels sprouts which I loved. Overall, it was an okay meal for the price.
i have been there several times already and this place is amazing value for money. The food is highly sophisticated and yet very satisfying without any hint of the pretentiousness that is the scourge of the manhattan food scene. Me and my partner especially loved the devilled eggs and the chinese sticky rice, a hong kong staple re-imagined and made even better. The service was also fantastic, prompt, respectful and yet down to earth. We feel very at ease at Tuome's.
Honestly, hand to god, whoever he or she may be...greatest food ever! Great atmosphere, smiling/warm staff, delicious food, made for a perfect evening.  The fried deviled eggs are by far the greatest deviled eggs I've ever had.  I happen to be a raging deviled egg whore. These eggies are one of a kind.  The octopus appetizer was just as amazing.  The three of us at the table shared everything.  We had pretty much everything on the menu.  Anything you get you'll be exceedingly happy with.  Everything is cooked to perfection. If you don't like this restaurant you're a terrible person.  Compliments to the chef!
Dinner here was one of the best surprises of 2014. My friend planned a girls dinner at Tuome. Being an occasional blog reader, I've heard of Tuome but assumed (not entirely sure why) that it was a Latin American restaurant. Little did I know that I would be going to an Asian fusion (possibly my most hated fusion) restaurant that would blow me away. Being Taiwanese, a lot of the flavors were familiar, particularly the dishes the chef, Thomas, kept rather traditional like the sticky rice in banana leaf (zhong zi in chinese) and the peanut noodles (though his are thicker and the sauce more sweet).I enjoyed the service, food and experience so much, I returned again later that month for another great dinner and haven't stopped recommending it to my friends (even via Christmas cards).Absolutely loved: Deviled eggs (could eat a dozen), Chicken (surprising flavor to the porridge), Pig out with peanut noddles, Fried mantou (chinese bun) with red bean and vanilla ice creamReally good: Short Rib, Sticky rice, Oxtail spring rollAverage: Mushrooms
Small portions for the price, overall a good flavor and taste except for the famed (fried) egg was bland, salmon was chewy but lobster, duck & octopus were good.  The service was slow and inexperienced, someone wiped the table onto our laps, very unpleasant and drinks came after appetizers, all the menus and extra setting were left on the table for the duration of the meal.  Our table seemed too dark to see the food well.  Not sure that we will be returning, however some potential exists in this place.
LOVED Tuome! Really cool place in the East Village with AMAZING food. We had the Deviled Eggs which are the best I've ever had, the octopus which was cooked to perfection, the lobster, chicken, steamed rice and Brussels sprouts. Everything was so tasty and flavorful. I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in NY!
Arrived for a 9:15pm reservation on a Friday night. The place was ABSOLUTELY swamped...  We were told that there would be a 30-45 minute wait. After reminding the hostess that we had a reservation, we were told "so does everyone else."  Unfortunately, the couple ahead of us in line did NOT have a reservation, had their name placed on the list, and also told there was a 30-45 minute wait.  The hostess confirmed that my reservation was correct, that my telephone number was correct, and said she would "definitely call when the table was ready."  There was no call ever made that evening. In hindsight, I should have been suspect as this restaurant had full availability for almost every timeslot on OpenTable when I booked.This restaurant overbooks their tables, does not honor reservations, and doesn't even have the courtesy to call back its patrons when a promise to do so has been made.
Get the pig out for two, my boyfriend and I always come back to it. Even with all of the options in Manhattan- Tuome is a must!
Honestly can say this is one of the best meals I've had in NYC, and it didn't break the bank either. So good that I felt compelled to come back out of my Yelping hiatus to sing their praises.Standout dishes for us were the Octopus in XO sauce, and deviled eggs. In a completely different league of it's own is the Pig-Out for two!!!Delicious cubes of melt in your mouth Berkshire pork belly with an impossibly thin and crispy top skin. I have never seen the skin done so well - this could very well be the BEST pork belly I've ever. Needless to say my belly was quite pleased to have the acquaintance of this pork belly. The only weak point of this dish, and really the only weak point of the 7 dishes we had in total, was the accompanying peanut noodle for the Pig Out. It was a bit bland while being paradoxically heavy.That aside, Tuome finished strong with their Chinese beignets done two ways, savoury and sweet. We couldn't decide which one to get... so we just got both.And they were excellent! However, I should caution that if you're getting pretty full at this point, the cheeses that accompany the savoury beignets are enough to be shared between 2 people running low on gastric space.However. If you are a remorseless eating machine with a bit of a sweet tooth, get the sweet one for yourself. Sharing not an option. (And then eat some of your date's savoury beignets too)To cap it off, the service was efficient, the atmosphere cosy, and the maitre'd a riot. Had me a great time talking to him about his superb taste in old school hip hop that was on rotation that evening.Highly Recommend!
Went with 3 people 7pm on Saturday night.  Sat at the bar which was awesome. Less cramped than the tables. Full menu at the bar. We originally had a reservation for two, but since we added a third person last minute they couldn't sit us at a table.Good For: Date, casual friend meet up. Most tables are two tops. It's a small space.Noise Level: Not bad at all considering it is a small space. Service:  5 stars: really friendly staff. Recommendations were on point. Timing with drinks apps, mains, dessert was perfect. Ambiance: Casual and fun. Intimate but not particularly romantic. Rap music playing softly in the background was pretty awesome. Super LES. Food: Uh-mazing. (for three people) The Menu: 2 orders of Deviled eggs (each order comes with 3 egg halves) - the white was deep fried then the deviled egg goodness was scooped on top. Just get it. It is moderately spicy.Chicken Liver mousse (the boys liked this a lot! I didn't try it)Octopus- The octopus itself was typical: grilled perfectly, not chewy, it comes with a foam and this sauce on the side that is awesome. Highly recommend!Chicken- Second best chicken I have ever had in my life. (first best was JG Domestic in Philadelphia). THe chicken is tender and really juicy!! And the Sauce.... THE SAUCE. I just drooled! ha! Also added a side of Chinese broccoli which was the perfect compliment. It was more like broccoli raab fused with Bok Choy. Pig out (for two)- Pork crisped to perfection! And this comes with a side of peanut noodles which was so yummy!  I can't do this dish justice in writing. You need to try it! Dessert: They only offer one dessert but it was awesome! Chinese beignets. WIth ice cream to dip. They came out super hot! I'm not a HUGe dessert person, but YUM! Drinks: Small but great beer selection. Great wine by the glass selection. Value: Worth it!! You will not be disappointed.  Thanks Tuome! We will be back!
Five stars. For the original, fairly priced menu, alongside reasonnably priced wine and attentive service. More honestly a 4.5 star but the low-key, no pretention atmosphere won me over.Favorites: Pork for two. Kale and rice in duck fat. Scallops. Devil eggs. Decor.Average: beets and quinoa salad, the unique dessert on the menu.
Trendy.  Hip crowd.  Friendly efficient service. Unique delcious food options.  Nice EV venue.
We went here for Valentine's Day and it was great! The food was good and the generous wine pairing made the meal even better.I would recommend this place to every one who enjoys Asian fusion. The red snapper is particularly good.
Good thing there was an extra long line at a neighboring restaurant that caused us to walk over to Toume! Although we had to wait about 40 minutes for a table (not terrible for a Saturday night without reservations), the hostess was very nice and took down my phone number and texted me when a table became available. By the time we were seated, the pig out was no longer available. We ordered the deviled eggs, octopus, oxtail egg rolls, scallop entree and beef short rib entree. The deviled eggs were sooooo good! What a fantastic concept to deep fry them.
Our meal was fantastic!The octopus was tender and came with a rich delicious brown butter on the side. The beet salad was fresh and had some interesting and unusual spices that made it quiet tasty. Scallops were buttery and oh so good. The skate... well the hubby had the skate so I can't comment but he said it was good!Tuome is one of my new favorite spots now and I can't wait to come back to try some of the other dishes.
The restaurant wasn't very big, as space was limited. Reservations are required/recommended.  We did have a reservation luckily, and after a short wait, we were seated. Nice decor, and a very cozy spot.My friend and I ordered the Pig Out for two. They usually have limited quantities each day, but our waitress told us that we got the last one of the day!  It was definitely worth every penny. The pork was amazing and the spicy peanut noodles were on point.  We also went with the Oxtail appetizer and a side of corn. This was more than enough to fill us up. I would definitely be back to try everything else!
It's hard to give this place only three stars because our waitress was so genuinely kind and sweet, but the food was a disappointing. Overall the flavors were too overwhelming. The noodles that came with the Pig Out dish are way too sweet and the octopus dish was way too salty. Ironically my favorite dish was the sticky rice, but one could get a comparable tasting version at dim sum restaurants in Chinatown for less than half the price. One great thing about this place is the atmosphere. Cozy and nicely designed.
Went there on a Friday night. The environment is nice to hang out casually with friends. A bit on the loud side, i can imagine it to be a local neighborhood gem. The service was good and accommodating as i was running late for the reservationThe menu is small and simple. For apps, we had the chicken liver spread and oxtail spring roll. The spread was what you would expect and it was good. The spring roll was also good but it seems a bit of a waste to use expensive ingredients as oxtail and bone marrow in a fried spring roll.  For entree, we had the "pig out for two", which reminds me a chinese traditionally prepared pork. The crispy skin was delicious and the pork was great quality. Although i have to say for $49, it was a bit pricey for about 10 pieces of meat. This place is a solid offering and would be interested to return if they change up the menu.
Ive been to the fabulous Tuome 3 times now, and its amazing each time. I have had the pig out, the chicken, shortribs, deviled eggs, corn, brussel sprouts, and the beat salad. Everything is exceptional. Just one complaint: To the staff of Tuome, when I have a reservation, please do not require me to call you back. I received 1 email, a voicemail, and a text to confirm my reservation. A text is fine, but please please dont make me call you. Thanks.
Fantastic meal! Every dish from the oxtail spring rolls with bone marrow and mushroom egg starters to the short rib scallop and beignets was out of this world good. Plates were scrapped and sauces were gobbled up after the food was gone.Great date spot. Very small main room, tables may or may not be on top of one another. Only fault I found was that when it gets crowded there isn't really a place to wait for your table if the bar is already overrun with people. Service was good. Definitely going back!
Favorite new restaurant! Bold statement, I know - but it's true! Every dish we tried kept outdoing the next. If were to pics the standouts they would be: deviled eggs, pig out for two, chicken liver, brussel sprouts...I can't stop. Thank you chef for sending the extras. Will be back soon!
I want to be friends with everyone of the staff members here! So friendly and none of that artificial-ness with the fake smile, you just feel welcomed :) It a real skill! The food was very interesting. Lots of elements of foam, purees, textures, it was really a lot of fun. I hope they rotate the menu because there wasn't a lot to choose from which I hope is an element of using seasonal ingrediants otherwise I'm afraid the menu might get tired real soon. But overall, loved the creativity and the people there :)The one thing that bugged me was that their only dessert was a berry with vanilla ice cream served in a little glass jar.  The waiter claimed that this Chinese donut was devine, when it came out, all it was was the Chinese fried oil dough stick that is normally served with Chinese porridge, come on guys!
The food was amazing.  The service was great.  I especially loved the white truffles, the chicken liver and the desert.  The prices are aligned to the quality.  Definitely coming back!
Absolutely loved this East Village gem! It's not too crowded (yet) and is super affordable. The ambiance is nice and kind of romantic but also casual. The menu is a little random but everything we ordered was delicious. The deviled eggs were so unique - totally crispy, fried exterior..so genius. The chicken liver pate was also amazing. And of course..the PORK BELLY (pig out) was phenomenal. Super crispy skin, tender meat, great flavor. I also loved the side salad with squash and nuts. Delicious. Don't even get me started on the garlic noodles...drool.....
Excellent dinner. Great addition to East 5th. Eggs, Rice, Oxtail and Short ribs were amazing- Scallops were OK. Very good service and nice lighting.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city and one of my favorite meals of all time. Everything is exceptionally delicious and meticulously made. Every bite is bursting with flavor and distinct textures. I highly recommend the deviled eggs, the watermelon and ricotta (when in season), the steak tartar, the octopus in xo sauce, the pig out for two (gotta love those chewy peanut noodles!), the chicken, the corn (also when in season), the broccoli, the rice with Chinese sausage, and the beignets. You won't regret any of it.
Oxtail bone marrow spring rolls with mint sauce...it works!Pig out for two with peanut noodles...yumCorn with creme fraiche. kafir lime, curry... :)Octopus... :)Great time. We'll be back.
We didn't love it. The staff was great but our table of 4 didn't love it as we had hoped. Maybe too much hype made us more expectant? The food was way too sweet and heavy for us. I know the chef has a fantastic cv but what he's cooking here just doesn't work for us. One of the dishes we got was  the "pig out" which was delicious cubes of pork but came with a bowl of thick, chewy peanut noodles. The flavors didn't work together for us.  We also got the egg. Tasty. The brussell sprouts were delicious though. It wasn't cheap so I'm doubtful we will be going back to try it again.
We went there last night and had an excellent meal. The menu is small, so may not be a place to return to frequently, but certainly regularly.  My wife had the chicken liver mousse and I had the beef tartare as appetizers and they were outstanding (with each preferring their own and being forced to share reluctantly).  We had the pig out to share which was also excellent - well executed and a great combination of flavors. We had the side of Brussels sprouts which was a little heavy to be honest. Would probably have preferred a slightly lighter version.Overall a great night and we will definitely be adding it to our return list.
an amazing relatively under-the-radar restaurant. manages to mix in some interesting asian flavors to a new american / french cuisine. although i didn't try the "pig out", everything i ordered on the menu was solid. the dessert (chinese beignets) with a much more distinct asian touch was excellent!
Went here on Saturday night for dinner with my boyfriend for dinner, and were pretty excited to try it. Though we don't eat pork (we didn't get to try the Pig for Two), I had the chicken and my boyfriend had the branzino, which were both fantastic.But our favorites were the appetizers, which were the blue crab mac & cheese, and the deviled eggs -- and I'll have to say that though the deviled eggs were definitely as good as everyone was saying they were, the mac & cheese was absolutely amazing. It had a hint of curry, which was so unexpected but such a great addition to the entire dish.Although the waitresses can lighten up a bit (I didn't appreciate their not-so-friendly demeanor), the hostess and the manger? (blonde-haired guy) were awesome. This place is definitely worth a visit for whenever you're in the area!
Yes the food was good but we were pushed and pushed by the waiter, to order drinks, to order the food, to finish the food, and presumably to hurry up and get out. Laughably so. But the real sour note was being snapped at by the surly blond manager. Maybe he was having a bad night but he certainly ruined ours.
I was super disappointed with this place. My boyfriend and I showed up on time for a 7 pm reservation and order a bottle of wine, appetizers and a main course. The waiter picked up out empty plates around 8:10 and we were finishing out wine. He asked us if we wanted desert and we said no. A minute later the hostess approached us and told us that they appreciate our business but they did have a table that had a reservation where we were sitting so we would have to hurry and finish our wine. He also mentioned that the table wasn't even there yet and there were several other empty tables. I have never been rushed out of a meal after spending so much money and I was completely appalled.
Pretty good spot. Had reservations at 7:30pm on a Friday and were held to a time limit until 9pm, which is whatever. No liquor here, just beer, wine, and "cocktails" made of wine. The chicken was great.
BIG fan of this place.  As soon as I read about this "Pig Out" dish, I knew I had to come here, and it did not disappoint.  Tuome is not for everyone however there is something for everyone here.  The menu is small and focused with a couple vegetarian, fish and meat options available in all sizes.  There is no vegetarian entree sized portion but between the appetizers and sides, there are 6 options for those who choose not to eat meat.  If you're someone who likes a lot of options and a typical (read: boring) menu, this is not the place for you.  If you want to wake up your palate and show it something new, come here immediately.  Before discussing the food, I want to note that our server, Nadjma, was a delight.  Always smiling, she explained the menu thoroughly and was very attentive to our needs throughout the meal.  We had one incident where a glass of wine was tainted by the smell of the glass (dirty sponge smell) and the glass and wine was replaced, no questions asked.  It's a huge turnoff when a server or sommelier pushes back if a diner has an issue with the wine and thankfully that was not the case here.  Stellar service from when we sat down to when we paid the check.  As for the food, this is what will keep me coming back.  We started with four small plates and all but one were a hit.  The deviled eggs were panko breaded and deep fried giving them a wonderfully crispy exterior.  The yolk mixture is plopped on top of the fried egg white and a garnish of minced chili peppers gave the pungent acidic pop that was needed to set these apart from your "typical" fried deviled egg.  The tender octopus was served with a brown butter foam and what tasted like house made bacon bits, because bacon makes everything better.  The chicken liver mousse was a standout and I'd definitely order this again.  Creamy, and supremely rich,  it was served with milk toast and some maple syrup to balance out the salty liver with a hint of sweet.  The only miss was the mushrooms which in my opinion were a bit too salty.  On to the Pig Out!  Now $50 might seem like a lot for 10 cubes of pork belly and some noodles but I can assure you that it's worth it.  Plus, this dish is very rich and you won't want to eat more out of fear of the gout.  Each cube is well seared on the top so that fatty layer that pork belly is known for gets crisped up and you're not eating big hunks of fat.  Well, you're still eating the fat, it's just crispy now instead of soft!  Served with two sauces (one ginger scallion and one chili paste), the chef recommends you put both on each piece so that you get multiple tastes in one bite.  Sweet, Salty, Spicy & Umami, this dish is something dreams are made of.  Granted, my dreams may be a little different from yours.  Then there are the bowls of peanut noodles which was a great surprise.  Thicker than your typical cold noodles in peanut sauce, these are also served warm and drenched in a thick peanut sauce.  If you're a peanut butter lover, you will go ga ga over these.  However, these are not for the casual peanut butter eater.  Someone at our table said that they were too peanut buttery but I thought they were just right.  A hint of spice cut the peanut flavor just enough and added some depth to the dish.  A surprising addition to the pork belly which worked really well.Apparently Tuome did not previously serve dessert but now they have a grand total of one item, which is "Chinese style" beignets.  I guess the flour used was Chinese flour because they didn't taste too Chinese to me.  Regardless, these were nothing special and I wouldn't order them again.  Clearly Tuome knows it's strengths and dessert isn't one of them.Overall, we had a great meal here and I can't wait to come back.
We made reservations after reading the Pete Wells review in the NYT.  The food was good, but didn't live up to our expectations from the review.Food:Deviled Eggs: I love deviled eggs, and I've never had a fried one.  While it was fried in a light batter, the frying still made the dish feel heavy.  I was looking for something acidic to cut through the greasiness, but there simply wasn't enough of the chili topping to add the acidity and heat the eggs needed.  I think it could have been substantially better with more heat.Oxtail Spring Rolls: I love bone marrow.  Absolutely love it.  I could eat bone marrow on toast points all day if you offered it to me.  The spring rolls were perfectly crisp, but I felt the bone marrow-intensity was lost somewhere in the roll.  It tasted good, but it reminded me of a frozen flauta, and that's not the kind of food I had in mind when I came to Tuome.Pig Out: This was the highlight of the meal. The sear on the pork was perfect - it crunched and then melted in your mouth fatty-goodness.  It pleasantly reminded me of one cut of the best Peking duck that I've tried in Beijing.  The peanut noodles seemed like an afterthought.  They weren't spicy at all, and the sauce was bland.  They just made me want to switch them out with some Dan Dan noodles from Han Dynasty. Rice with Chinese Sausage: Was good, but not memorable.  I think it could benefit from more Chinese sausage, or using Chinese sausage that has a more anisey taste (granted, I really love Chinese sausage). Service/Decor: The service was impeccable.  Our host and waitress were both great - attentive and friendly without being intrusive.  The decor is warm and inviting, and belies how small the restaurant actually is.Overall, the meal had it's ups and downs, but I will definitely come back in a few months to see if they've made some tweaks to the menu.  Tuome definitely shows promise, but the food is a little unremarkable at this stage.
I can't stop thinking about the amazing meal and service at Tuome. The deep-fried deviled eggs were a perfect start to my meal. By far the best I've had. For my main, I had the chicken with porridge. So good. The chicken was moist and tender and the dish as a whole was full of flavor. The service was really good. Definite recommendation to anyone.
I've been lucky enough to dine here twice already. The first time was a more formal dinner to discuss a little business. Luckily, I was dining with two other food-lovers and we dived into the menu with a gusto. We had the octopus and another app (can't remember it for the life of me!) to start and we all shared the Pig Out for 2 and the Scallop entree. The food was great, but talking shop over dinner leaves a lot of time for the food to get cold, and sadly my peanut noodles suffered for my non-stop conversation. The Pig Out was great, but the scallops were just okay. Not one flavor really stands out in my mind from the scallop dish. We also ordered a bottle of the Malbec. After the meal, we were talked into the only dessert option they had, which was described as Asian beignets served with some ice cream. We got it, but my group was not impressed.Although I got a nice feel of the place that first time, it was hard to really enjoy it. I was eating with professional food bloggers whom I just met, and I was trying to be on my best in terms of my table manners. I'm not big on snapping pics, so I had to restrain myself from attacking each plate as it was set down so that my companions could snap some lovely shots for their various sites. I don't blame them. The food presentation is lovely; a real feast for your eyes, and it was all delicious.I had to give this place another shot on a night I could eat unrestrained. My cousin and I started with the beet salad which was fresh with bright, summer flavors. The Pig Out came next with a side of corn and brussel sprouts. We also shared a bottle of Malbec. Being able to actually "pig out" on the Pig Out was a whole different experience this time. I was able to reach over to smear more ginger sauce and chili sauce over each bite of pork and I could accompany my mouthful with frequent trips to the side of greens without worrying about offending my dinner companion. I unabashedly dipped my spoon or fork into the bowl of corn and brussel  sprouts without fear of seeming rude. My dining experience was much more relaxed and I was able to enjoy the food much more. Everything was delicious. We cleaned our plates and opted to skip dessert. The service, as it was the first time, was on point without a single hitch. They were even patient enough to let me sit at the table as I waited on my cousin who was running half an hour late! I guess the only real drawback for me is the price. The price tag on my second meal was upwards of $150 for just the two of us. (Not including the tip.) While it was all fantastic food, I will say that the prices are a shade high for the portion sizes and you won't find a bottle of wine under $45. While I'd love to make this a regular destination for fantastic crispy-skinned pork, the price points will relegate it to one of those special occasion spots, as far as my budget goes.  But, hey, if money is no object and your tummy gets what your tummy wants, I would recommend Tuome without any hesitation. Great for dates and intimate dinners. It gets kind of crowded in this cozy spot, so if you're thinking of doing a group gathering, try to keep your party small. The desserts could use some work, (and if they are in the market for a pastry chef: CALL ME!!) I would suggest to skip their dessert and grab your coffee and sweets elsewhere.
I went to Tuome last night with 3 other people. I can say, without fail, it was on of the best meals I've had in months. The restaurant was completely unpretentious, while still showing a complete respect for their service and food. The staff was friendly, had greet suggestions, and were passionate about the food they were serving. There were not an overwhelming amount of options on the menu, which allowed the 4 of us to order almost everything on the menu. The chicken liver with honey was beyond amazing. The waygu beef tartare was very good, with sort of a sweet aftertaste. It was prepared unlike any other tartare I've ever had. For entrees, we got the duck, the lobster, and the "Pig Out for Two". All of them were amazing. I was particularly impressed with the quality of lobster, which was cooked to a perfect texture, not at all granular or tough like most lobster pieces you get, that has been bought unshelled, and prepackaged and cooked.  The pig was phenomenal, with a perfect crispy skin.Most dished on the menu have meat on them, but the restaurant was happy and flexible to alter the dishes for the vegetarian at our table. Over all, not just a great meal, but a great experience.
High-end fare in a budget part of town (or, at least it used to be budget). Between the duck and veal, I'd go back for the duck, which is second only to Heidelberg's on 85th in my opinion.  Great laid-back cool-kids-table atmosphere with staff that are on point and friendly.  Definitely a new favorite.
i would have given this place 4 stars, had it not been for the mind blowin-ly rude service we endured.  The one saving grace is that the food was very good and came out  in a timely manner. First we were sat at a table that was entirely too cold to be acceptable to anyone. We went along with it, got our coats back and ordered some wine. Every single thing we asked of our waiter seemed to be a burden to him, and he was not at all educated on the wines they offered. We then asked to be moved to a warmer table, which we were also given eye rolls and attitude about. The host informed us that our request to have a fifth guest join us for a drink was IMpossible,  which I thought was strange,  but our fifth stopped by to say hello instead. The entire time she was there (all of 2.5 minutes), the host stood over us shaking his head in a huff, reminding us that our fifth guest was not permitted in their half empty restaurant. There were more than a couple times during this meal I seriously considered getting up and leaving. I truly hope Tuome fires their host first and foremost, along with most of the staff, and buys a $10 tube of caulk for the windows. I would love to eat their pork belly and spicy peanut noodles again.
The food and service were top notch. We had the octopus small plate followed by cod and snow crab for our mains and they were all delicious. Definitely save room for dessert - fried dough perfection!
The papaya amuse bouche was a great added touch (and i hate papaya). The octopus was the most tender I have ever had, with the potato foam which was buttery deliciousness. The Pig Out is definitely more than enough for two hungry people. The peanut noodles, persimmon/walnut salad and pork belly with two sauces all somehow goes together, sounds like a lot but is all necessary. The side of corn was a side of curry, lime, kafir taste with a bit of crunch. The only dessert was chinese beignets, not my favorite but I think others would enjoy it- just not the consistency of donut I enjoy. But as usual three (fig jam, vanilla ice cream/red bean, caramel/goat milk) dipping sauces that were yum. First Asian fusion restaurant that does it right.
Came here on  Friday night with my gfs without a reservation. Unfortunately since it's a small restaurant, there were no extra tables available. However, I arrived early enough to snag some seats at the bar. My friends and I came to check out the famous Pig Out dish. It was delicious.. the outside had just the right amount of crispiness and the condiments complimented it well. The peanut noodles were amazing!!!We also ordered the blue crab mac and cheese (also delicious!), chinese broccoli, brussel sprouts, and beet salad. The beet salad was actually very good with just the right amount of beet, quinoa, and pumpkin seeds. We also shared the Skate entree which was good but nothing special in my opinion.For dessert we had the chinese beignets. It was warm and soft but I don't think I'd get it again. But extra thanks to our bartender/waiter who gave me an extra beignet because I dropped mine! Great customer service!Ambience is great too. Nice and cozy and a great date spot!
While browsing the NYT, I stumbled upon the review for Tuome which painted a picture of an accountant raised by traditional Chinese parents, who decided to open up his own restaurant after working at Eleven Madison Park. I love stories like these of 8-5 workers who colored inside the lines and then decided to pursue their passion anyways, regardless of the instability, insecurity, and unknown it might give. With a little juggling, we managed to score an 8pm reservation at Tuome. The restaurant facade is how the article describes it, brick walls, but with a little flair. The lighting was dim enough to set a romantic mood, and each table was set with small jars of lavender, tres chic. Amuse bouche was light and a nice slow introduction, (papaya salad).We started with the oxtail spring roll appetizer, and while the essence of bone marrow was not obvious to me, I preferred it that way. Instead the flavors were more in line with the beef itself. The wrapper was fried lightly, without the overpowering oil that encompasses most spring rolls. Of course, we had to try to Pig Out, there really was no other option. I was however surprised with how delicious it was. Each little piece of pork belly was fried with a crispy top and soft and juicy undersurface. I've had my fair share of pork belly, but I've never had pork belly like this.  Surprisingly, I enjoyed the noodles just as much. Each bowl was a large serving of thick, al dente noodles covered in an ode to peanut sauce.We also ordered an obligatory vegetable dish (corn and curry with kaffir lime), which was just as perfectly seasoned as everything else, although it was slightly heavy with the creaminess, but I'm sure some people like it that way. We were extremely full and satisfied. Based on the other reviews, I knew I was going to get a great meal. I will say though that the food had more Southeast Asian flavors than say Chinese flavors. Go into it with an empty belly and you wil be rewarded.What to say yes to: - Early Reservations- Casual but classy attire- Pig Out
There was a ton of frustration getting a table here you need a reservation. I had to make my reservation a week prior to my visit to get a table. I arrived in Tuome around 6:15 am on a thursday night. The place is a small brightly lit restaurant with a resemblance to typical decorated restaurants from the 20th century really stands out on the street it is also very very small there are barely any tables and space is a big issue here. Anyway I did wait for my dinner companion to show I ordered the pig out for 2, oxtail spring roll, and the chicken liver. I will start with the liver its small the tiny bits of golden toasted bread fits in your finger its real crispy the dip is made into a donut shape with a syrupy paste of sweetness. It was very enjoyable and filling. The oxtail roll was basically two thinnly shaped rolls filled ox bone marrow paired with a green dipping sauce with a touch of cumin the sauce was a little on the sweet side and the roll was heavy as well. Now the entree was presented to us on a platter evenly spaced cubes of berkshire pork with the crunchy skin along with an argula decoration of toasted honey walnuts and wedge cut baby persimmons, it was also accompanied by a peanut paste noodles. The pig out was very filling and a bit heavy as well dont let those little cubes of pork fool you they pack a huge punch to your belly. Overall I felt it was a great experience for a evening and will repeat.
0 STARSUpon entering I was feeling the decor & vibe although only a couple of tables were dining.A friend informed me of an awesome New York rose tuome was carrying so I decided to stop by for an after dinner drink. Yes, I did eat prior to arriving but to get the feel of a new restaurant I prefer to have a few drinks at the bar, chat up the staff, and peruse the menu.I attempted to sit at one of the empty bar stools when a staff member informed me that "chef" prefers only diners at his bar.WHAT? It's the bar I wanted to sit at, not a table, and the restaurant was just about empty!I thought to myself: chef should then remove the bar and replace it with tables.While deciding what to do I was given a brief speech about the restaurant by a knowledgeable employee.I checked out the menu to see if there was something light I could order and immediately noticed the high prices, especially for the East Village.An owner should know that just because you hire a line cook from a Michelin restaurant, that doesn't mean you're a Michelin restaurant and can charge the same. Anyway, it turns out the rose is off their list so this was all moot.Don't waste your time and $, I sure won't.
Between the 4 of us, we had almost everything on the menu. Everything was so amazing. Service was punctual. Cocktails and wine delicious. Fun ambiance and not overly crowded like so many places can be. Food was excellent. Small menu but really good. Don't go here however with the hopes the chef will alter an entree to meet any dietary restrictions you may have. I asked for the fish entree without the clam sauce and was denied it. It's all good though bc what I did order was incredibly delicious.
Let me tell you something. I had this place (Tuome) on my Fatboy radar for a couple of weeks ever since I saw a picture of their Pig Out (for 2) a couple of weeks ago on some website. I told my girlfriend that we have to go here before they get too popular and cut the portion size in half like most new restaurants do after the beginning stages. I'm not gonna drag this out. The Pig Out is a must if its 2 people. It takes around 25 mins to make so be ready to wait or get an appetizer of your hungry. Although its smaller than I expected that pork was crispy on the outside and soft and mmmmm on the inside. I couldn't stop smiling. It came with a ginger sauce, some type of spicy red pepper sauce an a salad with candied walnuts and apples. PURE MOUTH SEX!!!!! The Pig Out also comes with 2 bowls of spicy peanut noodles that I inhaled LIKE A BAWSE. The corn is also a great addition with its curry, cream fresh and lime flavor. They also start you with some sort of palate cleanser that I think had pickled papaya, tomato and some crispy shit. Oooooh my nipples are getting hard just thinking about it. It's a smallish place and Im sure glad I went with just one other person. It was getting pretty busy a couple hours after it opened so GO EARLY. Servers were great and always around. I'd definitely go again.
I had been looking for a special place to eat dinner for my one night in NYC. Luckily for me, the NYMag food issue came out a few weeks prior, and after reading about Tuome, I knew I found my place. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation, but were seated right away at a little table tucked away near the bar. This was the perfect location, as it was not too close to other tables as most of the other seats in the restaurant are. I hate feeling like I am part of someone else's dinner because we are practically seated on top of them. We decided to order a bottle of Rose, because why not? Romantic dinner with my sister, check. The Rose was perfect, not too sweet, and paired well with the Pig Out, since obviously we couldn't come here and not get it. We were going to get some sort of vegetable on the side to balance out the richness of the meal, but at the urging of our server we got the crab mac and cheese as an appetizer. Again, why not? It was incredible. You should get it. As for the Pig Out, as every reviewer has already mentioned, it comes with 10 pieces of succulent pork belly, a little side salad with nuts and persimmon, and 2 bowls of peanut noodles to wash down the decadence. This is definitely the best pork belly I have ever eaten. The crispiness is unparalleled, I didin't even know pork belly could taste like that! The peanut noodles were also amazing, and while our first course was more carby noodle goodness, I easily could have kept eating the peanut noodles all night. The service was great. Not just our server, but all of them. They were fun and interactive, it genuinely seemd like they enjoyed their jobs. We asked for recommendations for nearby bars for drinks afterwards since we were visiting, and a few of them were more than happy to give some recs. I really hope to be back soon, it is on the top of my NYC favorites now!
Very unassuming street, but what a delicious adventure awaiting inside! The deviled eggs were SERIOUS and the pig out was just melt in the mouth perfect. Loved every last bite! Just wish I'd had room for dessert.
Don't go here if you have any allergies, they make no menu adjustments and no accommodations. I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars only because the staff was really nice and the restaurant is really cute, nice looking and set up perfectly for a date. I really only want to give 2 stars because the chef/restaurant refuses to make any adjustments to their menu even for allergies. My boyfriend is allergic to dairy and if a fish or meat is cooked in butter, usually a chef/restaurant will adjust to cook in oil. They wouldn't do that. We asked if they could serve a few of the entrees without the part of the dish that had dairy (like potatoes under the chicken) and they wouldn't do that, they wouldn't even agree to bring all elements just serve on different plates. Just pretty selfish of the chef. He could only eat 3 side dishes. Their wine bottles are also pretty expensive, most around $50, cheapest is $40.
No reservations, so we squeezed in at the bar on a busy Saturday. Asian twists on the grilled octopus were spectacular. Lobster special was also Asian-inflected, an updated version of Lobster Newburg was wonderful. Two sides- broccoli and brussels sprouts were unusual and memorable, probably the two best versions of these pedestrian vegetables I've had in my life! Felt I was in good hands and gambled on an unusual wine- the Tannat, from Uruguay, and it was a revelation.
Ex-Eleven Madison Park chef, interesting and different Asian fusion flavors!  Trendy and intimate ambience and well priced.  I'm definitely coming back especially because their menu is seasonal/changes.
Visited last Friday. Firstly really nice cosy ambience - perfect for a chilly winter night. The highlight of the meal was the crispy deviled egg. Topped with a chilli sauce it was spicy, tangy and had some really interesting textures. For the main course we shared the pig out for two. Again delicious - though a tad on the heavy side so we ended up boxing some of it for the next day. Overall a very nice dining experience - wish they had more variety in the dessert though
I was part of a group of six that dined here on a Friday night with an 8pm reservation to celebrate a birthday. After we finished the first 3 appetizers we ordered, the busboy cleared our plates, and then the fourth appetizer was brought to the table some time later. It was awkward to eat without individual plates, but no biggie. Then, the wait for entrees was about 40 minutes past the time we finished the appetizers, which is obviously too long but we were having a nice time so we let it go. They really dropped the ball when the entrees came out. First they brought the pig for 2 entree, and nothing else. It was a five minute wait before they brought one more entree. It was over five more minutes before they brought the last of the entrees. That's over ten minutes to get 6 entrees out, leaving people to sit there politely waiting to start eating until everyone got their food. Of course, food wasn't hot when it came time eat it, and nobody offered much of an apology either. I don't think this was the fault of the server, but rather an overwhelmed and/or disorganized kitchen. Unfortunately, the fact that the food was delicious did not overcome the awkward delays in getting food to the table. I thought it was unfortunate given the quality of the food, but so be it.
4.5 StarsBeautiful restaurant in the East Village featuring New American cuisine with a touch of Asian influence. Approachable restaurant that executes each dish quite well. After dining at Tuome about two months ago, and for whatever reason never got around to writing the review. We had an interesting experience, as the health department came in the middle of service and had to shut the entire kitchen down. We stuck around for about 30+ minutes, drinking a few cocktails as we anxiously waited for the bitchy inspector to leave. Thankfully she left and the meal started. Needless to say, we were very glad we waited... What We Ordered:Chicken Liver Mousse (Great textures, rich chicken livers, very good)Octopus (Really great)Skate (Surprise of the night, perfectly cooked fish)Pig Out for Two (A Must order, perfectly cooked pork belly, crispy with all the right accouterments, worth the trip alone...)Rice with Chinese Sausage (Awesome)Short Rib (Good, but not as great as the other Entrees) I would liken the meal to Upland, putting it slightly behind it. Worth a visit and priced reasonably for the quality of food. Would go back soon.
Wow this place was ridiculous. They recommended an appetizer, and entree, and a side per person. Being one of four people, we almost had the whole menu. It's rare to say but I truly thoroughly enjoyed every single thing I ate. Would go back 100x. Personal highlights were the chicken liver, the skate, and the short rib, but you seriously can't go wrong with anything.
Huge fan of this interesting new spot! I made a reservation for Saturday night at 9:00 after reading the great review on Eater a few days before. We arrived right on time to a cute, tightly packed little place on 5th street. The decor is rustic LES with the crowd reflecting that. If you have a reservation don't plan on showing up a little early to maybe have a drink at the bar and wait for your table. This place only has beer and wine and they seat diners at the bar so there is literally nowhere to stand. We were definitely in the way. When the time reached 9:15 a very nice gentleman that I think was the manager came over and offered us a glass of cava on the house to apologize for the wait, score! We were finally seated close to 9:30 at a cozy little table in the corner of the back room. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was due to the amount of time between when we ordered and when we received our food...it was a REALLY long time but we weren't complaining because it was date night and we were enjoying our super interesting bottle of the Italian red they offer. To start we ordered the deviled eggs and if you only order 1 thing, this must be it! It was fabulous! I can't even begin to describe the intricicaies but trust me, it's a must order. All of the sides sounded so great  I decided to make that my meal, the corn with the kiffer lime and creme, the roasted brussel sprouts and the chinese rice with sausage. The corn is downright addictive, the brussle sprouts were charred goodness and the rice comes wrapped in a banana leave that when opened wafts the most lucious perfume of lemongrass, sticky rice and Asian seasonings. My man ordered the scallops with the foei gras sauce, neither of them being a fav of mine but I did venture a taste and it was pretty darn excellent. This is a GREAT new spot and I hope they continue to be packed every night.
Off to a great start, Thomas Chen!Friend of mine suggested we try something new in the E Village. This pleasant restaurant had more than attentive staff. (Every 3 min is a bit much). The Soft Shell Crab was crispy and seasoned well. I would've loved a larger piece of burrata to fully taste it but we were splitting. Friend mentioned the Skate for her entree was buttery and flavorful. My Short Rib with Sweet Potato Purée and Shishito Peppers was moist and delicious. Just the perfect amount and a must try! I took 1 star off as the restaurant needs to work on their dessert menu and extend their wine list a bit more. Other than that, Thomas was so personable and sat at the table with us and hung out. Next time I'm trying the Watermelon Salad and the Pig Out.
Really good meal with many sophisticated touches, starting with the squash soup amuse-bouche. Beautiful texture and flavor.OK, the deviled eggs--something I tend not to order as they mostly evoke a bad picnic, but not this time. Creamy, crunchy, spicy and not a hint of sulfur. They are wonderful. You get an order of three halves for the bargain price of $6; order enough for at least a full egg apiece if you can.We then got the Pig-out.  And it is a delicious pig-out, as others have noted. I loved the perfectly chewy texture of the noodles and the slight funk of the pork skin, and the ginger-scallion sauce is something I'm going to attempt to make at home. Fresh, simple and addictive. The persimmon/candied walnut/ arugula salad was also really good. My bitch? The three dishes together were all on the sweet side. Give me a hot-sour salad to cut the richness and the sugar of the other two dishes. We also got a side of Chinese broccoli, which was straight out of Chinatown in a good way. And the fish sauce was a nice break from sweetness.Nice, small but well-chosen wine list. We got the Fleurie, a light red which is just right with the pork.We might have gotten dessert, but the only choice was beignets. They looked lovely, but this is not an ideal ending to a Pig-out. Please add something lighter!So refreshing to find a charming restaurant with good service and innovative food that did not break the bank. I can't wait to go again.
Chef, please write a Tuome cookbook! I want every recipe so that I can cuddle with it at night and make my dreams sweeter!My favorite restaurant in NYC! I dream about this place and want to eat here weekly! Everything is perfect done! Service is perfect! Food comes out steaming hot. Pig out + peanut noodles + corn side + oxtail spring rolls + watermelon salad = the best meal you will ever have!
Pig and the Beets. Enough said.
Absolutely delicious food! Very creative flavor profiles and textures. Overall an amazing and unique meal!
This is my kind of place. Tuome serves serious food with a laid-back vibe. You're getting some of the best food in the city without any of the priss or pretentiousness. The space is beautiful and well thought-out, service is attentive and knowledgeable without the attitude.The deviled eggs are not to be missed. Crunchy, spicy, delightful. The side of brussels keeps the crunch going on and is very interesting with the addition of grapes. The presentation of the octopus is great but the brown butter foam steals the show. The octopus itself isn't awfully exciting and the pork XO is delicious but rather dry. I'd pass on the black bass - nothing to write home about here. The shortrib though... my GOD. The beef nearly caved in on itself when I cut into it, it was that tender and moist. The play of flavors and textures with the sweet potato purée, blistered shishitos, and mushrooms... a seriously fantastic dish.The dessert was one of the best and most fun desserts I've had in a while. Three crispy beignets - still warm, not greasy - served on a board with a ramekin of vanilla ice cream topped with red beans, a smear of yuzu (I think?) marmalade, and a little squeeze bottle of goat milk caramel. Build as you see fit on top of your beignet and enjoy. The layering of flavors, textures, and temperatures make this truly memorable and the construction is delightfully playful.I can't wait to come back to Tuome. The Pig Out is calling my name!
I have been to Tuome twice and both time have been great experiences.  This latest time I went and had the Pork for 2 which was delicious and perfectly cooked as was the side of peanut noodles.
The sesame noodles were way too sweet! We added hot sauce to neutralize the salt but it only made it worse. The pork were crispy but a bit dry. We also got some side dishes but none were well cooked. I wasn't going to write a negative review but the longer I thought about it, the more I felt the urge to provide some constructive criticism and tips to potential customers. This place is just another example of the hyped up dining scene in New York City. More and more chefs are going for the NYT review and Yelp Elite recognition. Our dining experience felt "staged" - the vibe and food were not created for customers but to impress some food critique.
Great spot the pig out is to die for. Service is super good, everyones really nice and the atmosphere is cozy and casual. Love the food the peanut noodles are to die for. The watermelon salad is also great. Been there a few times need to explore the menu more I am bit of a 1 trick pony I find something I like and thats what I tend to order over and over...and over again.
Not my favorite location in the city but the food was phenomenal, we (a group of 4) ordered everything on the menu and nothing disappointed. The Pig Out for 2 was our favorite but honestly could just be for 1, 2nd being the Chicken which melted in your mouth and sides wise the Rice. Their appetizer specials were stand out as well. Highly recommend.
I came here last Friday night after making a reservation.  Right off the bat they didn't have our reservation, which was frustrating, but we were able to go across the way to a bar until we were accommodated about a half hour later.  Normally I wouldn't care about these types of situations, but the whole reason we came here was to try the Pig Out for Two and as soon as we were seated the host said,  "First let me tell you, we no longer have the Pig Out".   We were pretty annoyed especially because we originally had a reservation and probably would've gotten it if we were sat 30 minutes prior, but oh well.  Next time.  The food we did get was really good except for the crab mac and cheese.  It tasted like old bay was dumped in on top of it and it was not good. We mentioned it to the waitress when she asked how everything was, but she made sure to say "it's the chefs curated taste".  Thanks.  The chicken was unbelievably tender.  There were two pieces of fried chicken and two pieces of grilled.  Also got the beef which had great flavor.  The deviled eggs, side of rice (with kale, and duck fat, yes duck fat) and the beignet for dessert were amazing.  Highly recommend.    Based on my experience with the other food, I will have to come here again and try the pig out, but service should be improved upon.
Asian Fusion ...ish A restaurant that has the culinary execution you would expect from an EMP/Jean Georges alum, but not quite the innovation I was hoping for.  As someone who has travelled and eaten her away around Asia and grew up on NYC Chinatown eats, and is not afraid to spend a hefty sum on a solid meal, I am admittedly somewhat skeptical of Asian fusion restaurants. That being said, here are the hits and misses:Hits:- Egg - This was the star of the night. Perfect contrast of textures between the creamy deviled egg, the crunch of the fried panko coating and the hit of spice from the chili-garlic sauce. Sadly, I had to share this with my husband as I could've devoured this whole thing by myself.- Octopus - A great fusion dish - sake-infused octopus on a bed of pork xo for spice and crunchy fingerling potatoes. I would come back just to eat these 2 dishes again.Eh, because it wasn't fusion:- Pig Out - Ok, I love pork belly. As in, I would eat it every damn meal if I could figure out a healthy way to do it.  The solid things about this dish: it tasted good, it was crunchy where it was supposed to be crunchy and chewy where it was supposed to be chewy. It came on top of a hoisin sauce, which accompanies your typical Chinatown order of siu yook/pork belly ($12/lb mind you). But where was the fusion in this dish that warrants the $50 pricetag for 10 pieces? The side of subtle undersalted ginger/scallion sauce that usually accompanies poached/steamed chicken? The mildly spicy sambal sauce in a cute squeezy bottle? The citrusy side salad? C'mon. I created that mixture of condiments as a kid eating off Styrofoam plates at my family friends' basement house parties when everything just fell together on my crowded plate. Granted, the presentation at Tuome is much more aesthetically pleasing but not sure if it's worth the hype if you know your Cantonese roasted meats. - 'Chinese' beignets - These are basically tasty mantao. The fusion part (?) came in the condiments: caramel sauce, vanilla ice cream with red bean and yuzu marmalade. Definitely tasty but I thought it was a cheap trick to rely on the condiments for your fusion. If you want Chinese fine dining (for which there is a dire need in NYC), these are the dishes you should order. If Tuome were touted as such, I would give this place 4 stars. But Asian Fusion this is not.Misses:- Yam tater tots - I never met a tater tot I didn't like, until now. The ratio of crunchy fried goodness to yam was way off. The coating was too thin and the tots were so big that it was just kind of a pureed mess. They would probably taste better if they were half the size.One last gripe:Why are you serving casual fine dining Chinese food with cheap takeout chopsticks?!?!?!? The only redeemable quality about this presentation was that at least they weren't the pull apart ones that always come out uneven and splintery. Why are you making people eat $50 pork belly with wooden chopsticks? You may as well serve the rest of your meal with plastic forks and knives. Bottom line:Thomas Chen can make some solid tasty food, but it didn't quite live up to the Asian fusion hype. But if he wants to cook Asian-influenced American food, I think he can do better!
I went to Tuome as part of a self-guided tour of "what's new and up-and-coming" in NYC this fall. I wasn't disappointed, but nor was I really amazed. (Note - I just read the NY Times Review today and I'm a little surprised by the enthusiasm for things that I've seen a lot of before, but my complaints are the same, so maybe there's something there)Service - just fine, attentive but not overly so and quite friendly and enthusiastic about what they are serving Ambiance - spare and industrial/cabin hybrid. Not overly fussy but clearly on trend. Restaurant designers just can't seem to get enough of all those Edison bulbs these days...Wine - short but interesting by-the-glass list. Props for diversity.Food - we had a few small plates, sides and one main between two people...Deviled Egg: If there's one thing I'm absolutely going back for, it's this! LOVED ITScallops: Perfectly cooked, like butter, but the veggie puree with it is too sweet and really distractsOctopus: I came specifically for this dish and found it was neither here nor there. Really well cooked, but both my dining partner agreed that the bacon distracted from the octopus and was too salty to compete with the delicate flavor of the foamCorn: Too sweet, a bit too liquidy, and nothing particularly specialSticky rice: Yummy comfort food, but nothing I haven't had beforeConclusion:I'd go back to have those Deviled Eggs, and maybe try some of the other things the Times raved about... always worth a second shot, if it's even possibly to get in!
Excellent food and service, very pretty decor and quiet (we were the only table on a Wednesday night until about 20 minutes into dinner when two more filled). We had the deviled eggs (covered in breadcrumbs and flash fried) which were really good.  The soft shell crab was delicious and perfectly cooked. Same for the skate, which had amazing flavors/sauce. The only negative is that the skate serving was small and there were hardly any veggies with it. Like a tablespoonful of cauliflower purée and literally two pea tendrils.  Delicious but measly.  Luckily we got the side of snap peas which were incredible!  But, I really feel if you're paying entree prices that it should come with more veggies, especially if they're described as accompanying the dish. The menu has almost non existent vegetarian options aside from the eggs and a couple side dishes.  Disappointed in that.  But if you eat and like pork (which I don't), you're in luck as many of the dishes have it. Really weird thing was that someone started mopping the floor in the middle of dinner. Not because of a spill, just mopping the entire floor including in between our table and the next one.  Very strange, particularly for a higher end restaurant and chef.
What an incredible meal! Flavors complimented each other so well and portions were appropriate. Duck breast was cooked perfectly and accompanied by a memorable black vinegar. Soft shell crab was crispy outside and tender inside finished with a vibrant herb sauce. The chicken was stellar and it was served over what looked like an arborio rice that was cooked in my momma's chicken broth. Service was cordial and attentive. Would go back in a heartbeat. Secret - Mondays after 8:30 are a nice quiet time to get in!
I went here with a couple of friends for a girls night out and we had an awesome dinner.  The staff were very welcoming and we were seated promptly.  We had the octupus (well cooked and yummy sauce) and deviled eggs (my fav) for appetizers.  For the main course, we had the Pig out for Two (crunchy and delicious pork with two hefty servings of noodles) and with sides of corn, sticky rice and brussel sprouts (I usually hate brussel sprouts but that dish made me change my mind!)Everything was really delicious and I plan on taking my husband back here for date night!
My friends and I went to Tuome last night for dinner.  It was delicious (more to follow).  Service was also fantastic.  The waiters were super nice and the chef chatted with us for a while and was great.We ate all of the smalls, one big and one side.  The chicken liver was yummy.  The spring rolls were good but the sauce they came with was fantastic.  The soft shell crab was crispy and light with another yummy sauce.  The pork for two was delicious, although the noodles were a tad spicy for me.  Lastly the corn is amazing.  Hope this restaurant succeeds; they sure were looking great week 1!
I've been meaning to try Tuome for a while. Finally found a dining companion who shared the same urge. We didn't have much trouble with reservation. They are busy but if you can plan couple days ahead then you should be able to get something within your preferred time window, especially weekdays. Either way, don't wait for chance - make a point to dine here. Noise level is average. There's a lot of Asian influence in the food but if you're not keen on fusion like myself don't be discouraged. I tend to be selective with my "fusion" food and although it borrows substantially from Asian cuisine it is far from your typical fusion. Overall: Delicious! Great dining atmosphere. A great date restaurant - almost feel like it is tailored made for couples. Not really ideal for large groups. The menu also suggest the same. I am big on family style dining. I feel diversity and variety really helps you identify flavors. The only item on the menu that is adequate for sharing is the PIG OUT. Otherwise, everything is so good you don't want to share. Highly recommend. East village is very lucky to have such a neighborhood gem. Pro: PIG OUT for two is a must. The berkshire pork is just cooked to the right balance of crispy skin and juicy meat. When you dap it with the paired condiments it just really takes off. It also comes with spicy peanut noodles (two bowls). It's not "Asian" level spicy but there's a kick. The peanut sauce reminds me of a bit of Thai and Chinese native flavors. The who combination together is a real threat. The appetizer MUSHROOM with fermented black beans, yuba and sixty minute egg was absolutely addictive. The egg was done perfectly where once broken the yolk and it's post-mix texture really made the dish. It can be served as an app or side... heck even main if you really love mushrooms. The OCTOPUS came out same time as the mushroom and unfortunately I was distracted. In hindsight, it was also a very nice dish. The OXTAIL SPRING ROLL with bone marrow and cumin was amazing. There's a lot of different spring roll finding combos out there but this one really worked well.The dipping sauce makes it. It was once a permanent fixture on the menu but it was offered as a special on our night. If it's available then definitely give it a go. Con: Nothing really. Small bar if you end up waiting. Small tables, minimal spacing with your neighbors and a bit challenging to enjoy multiple plates at the same time. Otherwise 5 Star first time experience. I will be back as soon as I can!
Sick, just sick! A new favorite destined for many repeat visits. Asked the friendly waiter for suggestions and he said the deviled eggs. I hesitated for a minute as I don't like hard boiled eggs, but I'm so happy we went for it. Amazing! Followed it up with the liver mouse and of course, crowned the whole thing with a Pig Out. What an excellent dish! The noodles are fantastic just by themselves, but the pork just makes the whole thing happen by adding just enough salt and savory to the noodles' sweetness. Small space, so just make a reservation and go already.
My girlfriend and I went to Tuome on opening night last night for our anniversary. I had flowers with me and the staff was very accommodating, offering to store them in a cool spot in the back.The decor is rustic with much of the paneling, fixtures, and decorations coming from old Philadelphia factories (our server was kind enough to educate us on the wall of wool spools behind us). Tuome's ambiance is not dissimilar to a West Village wine bar: candle-lit, chock-full of well-heeled 30-something couples, and long on exposed brick and reclaimed wood. Perhaps in ironic acknowledgement that it is very squarely in grungy hipster territory and far from Greenwich's angular cobblestone streets and $10mm lofts, Tuome's playlist ran the gamut of 80's high school dance classics - from Asia's 'Heat of the Moment' to Abba's Dancing Queen. Somehow it worked marvelously.The wine list is well-considered with relatively affordable selections and a token rose for girls' night groups that couldn't get a reservation in Midtown. In our own irony, we ordered beer ($7, from a short, but remarkably well-curated selection) and the Mexican Coca Cola ($4).The chef's amuse was delightful - a well-balanced, subtle offering of pickled vegetables with an Asian touch. Restaurants that resemble any relation to the bygone fusion era are always at risk of producing flavors that conjure memories of some panko-breaded slider with teriyaki dipping sauce gone awry. Luckily Tuome avoids this gracefully. The ginger-scallion sauce is just right.Our next dishes - watermelon with farro and chrysanthemum ($12) and chicken liver with milk toast, sunflower seeds, and local maple syrup ($13) are marvelous. They embody the inventive yet harmonious combination of familiar flavors in crisp, bright, unique preparations that is the greatest hallmark of modern cooking.After a long lull (a bizarre pause to an otherwise good tempo of service), we received our mains: scallops with carrot puree and maitake ($25) and beef short-rib with sweet potato puree and grilled shishito peppers ($28). Diners have long come to expect a standard of perfect or near-perfect protein preparation and Chen does not disappoint here. The beautiful sear on the scallops does not come at the expense of its smooth, tender flesh. Likewise, the braised short-rib maintains its form long enough to stand upright on the plate but absolutely melts in your mouth. Chen tends toward the sweeter end of flavors on the proteins but this is a minor shortcoming and easy to forgive. Where Chen excels is his obsessive attention to texture - our side of snap peas ($8) was crisp yet tender with peanuts for additional crunch, and the sweet lotus root chips perched atop the delicate scallops provide the perfect contrast.We were disappointed to learn that dessert was not on the menu for the evening, but after such a wonderful first experience, we'll surely be back for more.
My friend recommended this restaurant. I had been to the restaurant that had been there before, a japanese place I really liked. The location is great and cozy for a neighborhood spot. I thought the food at Tuome was all right-- the deviled eggs were SO DELICIOUS!! But I had the fish with a creamy chowder soup that wasn't that great. It seems like this restaurant relies too much on fried food and cream/butter, which is fine but I wished they at least offered some lighter choices involving flavor and not necessarily so much heaviness. I would definitely try it again, if anything just for those deviled eggs!
its not the kind of restaurant you would go on a regular basis. its the kind where you are blown away by the quality of the food and only wish it was a bit cheaper so you can come back more often. each dish was flabbergasting and pretty much sure weve never tasted something similar.
I have to take a star off for customer service. The head waiter there makes you feel like he's doing you a favor for every request. I went back because I liked the food but I probably won't be returning. The food isn't so good that I can stomach the annoying waiter.
Creative menu/recipes were entertaining (butternut squash & kombucha soup?!???). Everything was delicious albeit too salty for me... I had the octopus and deviled eggs. Brussel sprouts with grapes and raisins, beets salad (so colorful!) were also great. Nice cozy ambience and all the servers were very nice too.
One must get the pig out for two. The perfectly cooked pork belly with its crunchy skin is complimented with delicious peanut noodles, it's a must try. The fried deviled eggs and beets are great choices to start your pork indulgence.
Ordered the eggs and scallop with corn on the sides. They were all really good. Great ambience and the service was excellent. Definitely recommending this place. Yum!
As good as it gets!! We ordered the pig out for two, watermelon ricotta, oxtail spring rolls, and corn. Everything was absolutely amazing. It's one of those meals where you are excited to try every dish they bring out, and nothing is as expected. I will be coming back for more!!
Popped in just for a snack and a glass of wine. The couple dishes we ate were fantastic!! So much that we booked in for next Saturday for a full meal.
Tuome was a great place for a date night dinner. The service was excellent (I think her name was Emily).. she was very helpful explaining the dishes and refilling our wine :-) the brussel sprouts were amazing and the Pig Out was incredible! The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because of the music.. the playlist was really strange.. for such a classy/romantic restaurant the radio was playing Blink 182 and No Doubt.. enjoyable but weird. Would definitely return though!!
Went here for my bday with a couple of friends. Tuome is a good restaurant but not really terribly different from a decent Chinese restaurant.  We started off with drinks at the bar-unfortunately, they don't carry liquor so they didn't have cocktails.  However, their wines were excellent and reasonably priced. We moved onto appetizers where we got the octopus, the mushrooms and the deviled eggs. The octopus was awesome-totally worth the price. The deviled eggs were an interesting spin on regular deviled eggs-the eggs white is breaded and deep-fried, adding a crunchy texture and richer taste. However, they didn't taste particularly Chinese to me. The mushrooms were also good and perhaps the most Chinese tasting IMO of the appetizers. We ordered the chicken, short ribs, scallops and a vegetarian dish for our main course. The chicken was pretty forgettable-it didn't taste Chinese at all until you ate the charred lettuce (I wish there had been more of that). The scallops and the vegetarian dishes were decent but the short ribs were excellent, tender and tasting of star anise. Beignets rounded out our evening-they were decent but I couldn't see the connection between them and Chinese cuisine. Definitely a decent restaurant. Would I come back given the price point?  Probably not-I could eat just as well for much cheaper at a regular Chinese place. It's a pity because I feel that the chef is restraining himself from a bolder menu-hopefully, he decides to amp it up (perhaps add flavor points from different regional Chinese cuisines?) and really accentuate Chinese flavors.
I came here for Christmas dinner, they had a great selection of dishes each one with very distinctive flavors. Great atmosphere and music.
Wow - most incredible dinner I have had in a long time! I took my parents here on a Saturday night. We were seated in the side room, although the entire restaurant is very cozy and small. Lighting and music were great (they were playing a selection of Prince and Robin Thicke among others). Overall ambiance was chic, yet comfortable and friendly.The food was absolutely delicious. We had the deviled eggs and scallops to start. Both were light but enough to get a good taste. The sauce with the scallops was tremendous - flavors I haven't tasted together. I had the beef for entree - it was TO DIE FOR! Cooked perfectly, melt in my mouth goodness. Holy cow, amazing!!!
Snow crab pasta. That's all you need to know. Chewy, fresh noodles tossed in a creamy butter sauce with lumps of crab meat on top- I just wish they gave you more! I savored every bite and wish the dish never ended. This is a signature dish that they should keep on their seasonal menu!I also got their chili corn which was fresh off-the-husk corn in a curry sauce- I thought this was OK and there could have been more coconut flavor to the dish, but overall it was good. I was disappointed they didn't have a dessert  menu as I love to finish off a good meal with good dessert- it's a tell-tale sign of a good restaurant when you can complete a meal with something sweet!Great service, great food, I will be back!
Dinner here for four was delish!Ambience 3.5*: Sexy vibe but tables are cramped. Nice if you like eavesdropping, a pain if you don't feel like dining with strangers.Food: 4.5*: Everything we ordered was great. Standouts: SNOW CRAB PASTA (omg pure butter sauce and noodles had the perfect bite) and the pig out for 2 which was filling and delicious. Friends liked the crispy deviled egg app and broccoli side, but felt that the beef entree was a tad underdone.Service 3*: waitress was kind and patient but we had an empty water bottle on our table for at least 20 minutes. Even when our water was refilled, the new bottle was somehow given to another table (?)Unfortunately all the butter and animal fat were a bit much for me (beware if you have a sensitive stomach!), but I'd definitely go back and order maybe a few more vegetables next time.
5 stars. All around. Easily. Service here is impeccable and incredibly personal. Coming from a guy who would rather drink beer & whiskey than wine any day, our waitress helped us with a delicious bottle to start our meal off right. We went during restaurant week, so my guest went with that option. Snow crab pasta was delicious, and the chicken liver toast is the DIE for. I opted for the duck, which caught my eye as soon as I got the menu. Let me start off by saying I'm no duck connoisseur but this is easily the best duck I've had in the city. Definitely will be back for more. Dessert was also delicious. Looping back to the personal service, we had one dessert from the restaurant week menu but wanted to try both, so our waitress created a smaller version of the other dessert we wanted as both would've been way too much. Icing on the cake, and the perfect way to end a damn near perfect meal!
Outstanding ! Really enjoyed everything about this place Deviled eggs a mustSnow crab and noodles Pork Yummie
This is one of the most unpleasant restaurant experiences I have ever had in NYC.  The food took over an hour to come and when we finally spoke with the manager to find out the status, his apology was to say "we are busy".  He then refused to give us a second bowl of "complimentary popcorn" and was extremely argumentative saying it only had been 25 minutes. While the food was decent, it was extremely expensive and a tiny portion size.  To sum it up, you would be doing yourself, your appetite and your peace of mind a disservice by going to this restaurant.
I tried Tuome a few weeks ago after I heard rave reviews and had stalked the restaurant on Yelp for a solid week. I went with my best friend and we split everything. Even though I am not a deviled eggs person, the deviled eggs are worth getting. They are prepared differently than I have ever had before and were definitely tasty. If I liked them-- people who like deviled eggs will like them. We also got the chicken liver. The chicken liver was delicious: smooth, flavorful. My issue with this appetizer was-- the bread. The bead it comes with is toasted wonder bread cut into quarters. Come on. After hearing all about the "pig out" for two from people- we knew we had to get it. My best friend was reluctant because she doesn't love pork, but I insisted. Honestly, I could have done without it. As for the bowl of spicy peanut noodles-- I could eat that all day every day. The peanut noodles were so flavorful. But the pork was heavy- somewhat dry. I literally had one square and was all porked out. I would come back, but I would skip the "pig out" personally. I had "The Fifth Street Jalapena" cocktail with dinner- always love a spicy tequila drink-- that was pretty good.
Tried this place last night, as they participate in Restaurant week, and wow what great food and great experience. Staff was all incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. Got seated by a gentleman who was very friendly, accommodating and helped sell the experience for us. The wait staff made great drink and food recommendations (the lamb is  MUST-TRY), and the chef made his rounds and was friendly and polite, and in my opinion one of the next David Chang-esque NYC restauranteers.It's a small, dim place with a cozy feel. There are too many restaurants in manhattan that have huge signs with average food. This place has no real sign out front, but lures people in with their creative, amazing dishes with great flavor. Very unpretentious but amazing food and service. You'd be crazy to not try this place out at least once when in the alphabet city area.
Venue - Small dimly lit restaurant with a bar. Dinner - I loved everything I ordered.Fried Soft Shell Crab - Nice and crispy, large enough to sharePig Out - This is a must try. If you aren't vegetarian, definitely order this. It's the best pork belly I've ever had and I usually don't like pork belly since it's usually too fatty for me. It's large cubes of layered fat and meat sandwiched between amazingly crispy skin. It comes with really good noodles in peanut sauce. The noodles are perfectly thick and chewy, and the sauce isn't too sweet. Branzino - Nice crispy skin. Everything in this dish was delicious - sauce, vegetables, and all.
The best meal we had in New York by far. The most interesting. The flavors explode with every bite. So much thought went into everything. It's like eating dinner in a museum. Artistry.
The snow crab pasta with dashi butter is EVERYTHING. Must order. I thought the pork out was okay. The dan dan mien that comes with it was tasty. But that snow crab pasta tho...
Came here with a friend for restaurant week. We had a last minute reservation for 6 (which is when the place opens up). The ambiance is very nice and romantic (there are little candles on each table). Ice cold water in a glass are the first things that were brought out along with the menu. Then we were brought complimentary starter: golden beet on top of yogurt. It was a cute presentation but I wasn't a fan of the mix of flavors.I tried the chicken liver mousse with maple syrup and toast. It was my first time trying liver...and I'm not a fan. So I mostly ate the small pieces of toast. When the server saw that we were out of bread, they offered to get us another plate of toast (on the house!). The snow crab noodles with danish butter and butternut squash could have been the only thing I ordered and it would have been enough. It's very heavy but also super delicious! I would come back just to order this. Beignets (tasted liked fried mantous) with chocochip ice cream was a nice way to end the meal. As the night went on, servers were not as attentive as earlier in the evening but that's because it was a full house. Servers still replaced our empty bottle of water with a new one and came by to refill our glasses with water.
Everything here was perfect!Came here for my friend's birthday dinner and we showed up for an 8pm reservation on a Saturday. The restaurant was still relatively packed. The space isn't big but is very cozily decorated. We were a party of 8, skipped the smalls, and ordered 4 of the entrees: the chicken porridge, the duck, the lobster chow fun and Pig Out for two. Initially, I was most excited about the berkshire pork but I am really writing the review for the chicken porridge.The kitchen definitely exceeded my expectations on the chicken dish. Growing up with Asian parents, I always viewed porridge as a feel-good food, something I always got fed when I was sick because it's savory and easy to digest. THIS, this was something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT!The porridge itself had a perfect undertone of butter. The tiny bits of basil also made it a pleasant surprise in my mouth. The chicken must have been cooked slowly because it was SO juicy and tender I wish I could have it sitting in front of me right now. Yes, that's how good it was!The rest of the dishes were not as phenomenal in my opinion but still special and made for a unique dining experience. I would definitely come back for dinner again!
My sister took me here for my birthday. The flavor combos are perfect. I recommend the chicken liver and snowcrab noddles. The ambiance is chill and the restaurant spacious for the neighborhood.
Very cute. Very intimate. Dimmed lighting. My kind of setting. It's a small place but they have two different rooms, the area where you first walk in seemed more open, but to the left, there's kind of a closed off room that seems very romantic. Ideal place for a date. I enjoyed every dish we had here, minus the desserts. The duck for two was served with mounds of quinoa, with lettuce...that was supposed to be eaten as Korean style ssam. The butternut squash soup was poppin'!!! And the beef tartare with the broccoli chips?! I LIVE for it. We both had a glass of the Brut Rosé that came in cute cocktail glasses.I need to be back.
I went there today, we got a reservation so we got seated right away. The restaurant is nice and warm. Good decoration with the brick and bamboo. We order snow crab noodle and chicken with gem tettuce, basil and porridgel. The snow crab noodle is good at the first, noodle is good cook and the add crunchy stuff, as I ate it on and on, it got salty. So please slow down a bit with the salt.The chicken is good , nice and soft.The service is ok.I can give this place 3.5 star.Try yourself, you might like it more than me.
This review is purely for the snow crab noodles with dashi butter, which I sampled at the Lucky Rice event. I had never been to Tuome before, nor had I heard of this little gem of a restaurant in the East Village in all my years of East Village noodling. How is that possible?! Those were the best, chewiest, most mush-defying noodles I've had in a long time, and I am a noodle FIEND. And who would have thought to infuse butter with bonito stock? The snow crab, delicately sprinkled on top, was fresh and bright. Me thinks the addition of few slices of shiitake mushrooms would have sent the dish straight out of this world, right into the galactic center of our wonderful milky way.I do get ahead of myself...Looking at the menu, which is elegantly abbreviated, I think I might need a quadruple bypass after a meal at Tuome. But then again, I can't think of a better way to die than dying from Tuomitis, the most special of ailments, where the soul takes flight from the body, a body that is enveloped by whirls of buttery chewiness, pillowed by flakes of crustacean goodness, forever frozen in eternal bliss.
Fantastic tucked away little spot that I have been wanting to come to for a while, which did not disappoint. Certain dishes were Chinese traditional with a twist which was interesting since this isn't (to me at least) a Chinese restaurant.  Three of us ordered to share the apps: deviled eggs (deep fried with a nice spicy touch.. Don't think just get it), chicken liver mousse (awesome), octopus (I don't eat it but my friends loved). Entrees were the pig out for two and salmon. We got an order of the duck fat Chinese bacon lotus wrap and Brussel sprout sides. Pig out out for two was the main reason I was there and slightly underwhelmed. Now understand this, a lot of Chinese ppl including myself grew up eating this crispy roasted pig and it's usually super juicy and fatty. Not here. First bite was great but nothing special after that. Great flavor but a little dry. As for the lotus wrap, I grew up eating this every weekend growing up. My kids eat this now and you can find these at any Chinese bakery. I liked the duck fat which gave it a moist flavor. The rest of the meal was excellent and service was amazing. Would def recommend.
Wow, from the apps and entrees to the decor and service, everything here is done right. Alphabet City has really changed over the past 10 years and this addition only improves it.The service here is great and the ambiance is trendy without being obnoxious.I visited with a group of 4, which was great because we were able to share and try multiple items. We each started with a drink. Honestly, each one we ordered I would order for myself but my favorite was the one I chose, which was the Fire in the Sky.For food we started with the delicious deviled eggs. I'll admit I think we were all a bit surprised when they came out deep fried... but sooo good. Then we were treated to the phenomenal fried chicken. We loved them so much that we immediately placed another order. The best way to describe them is similar to the original Bon Chon (before Bon Chon was legit and operating out of that 2nd floor space on 5th and 32nd) but better!Finally, we shared the Branzino, which came out fluffy and filled with bright citrus flavors. Also, we all enjoyed the Pit Out, which, imo, is a must. It is a deceivingly large dish and incredibly decadent. Each piece of pork is like eating a slice of super fatty pork belly, seared, giving it a nice crispy texture.PS We also ordered a side, the asparagus or the Brussels sprouts, whichever one, it was a delectable as the other dishes.
Super cute and cozy little restaurant down a quiet st. in Alphabet City. One of the few restaurants that's worth the walk. My husband and I went with the deviled eggs and the pig out. Both were delicious. The pig out is unlike anything I've ever tasted. Tender and juicy meat with a crunch factor that reminds you of bacon, but without the bacon flavor. It was delicious. The service however was a little off. We went right when it opened (with no res) and were the only people in the restaurant, and of course the women had to scroll through her ipad for a few moments to make sure they could seat us, we then just opted for the bar. When we left an hr and 15 minutes later there was only one other table. So why all the scrolling through the ipad to see if they could seat us remains a mystery. Despite the restaurant being literally empty, no one came to check on us during the meal and our beers were empty. Also, they really need to improve their beer selection. It is small with only one selection of each type of beer like pale ale, IPA etc etc. But the white ale they have is $12 which is crazy. Pick a beer that you can sell for $8 or something. Overall though the food and coziness of the restaurant make this a spot I definitely want to come back too.
Tuome is a small intimate space with cozy/romantic ambiance.  It's perfect for a date or a small group of friends. We sat at the bar since all the tables were taken so it was a bit cramped but I was glad to get right to ordering!The dinner started with delicious cocktails and the deviled, crispy eggs - party in my mouth. We went with their signature Pig Out for two. Al dente asian noodles and crispy layered pieces of pork. Delicious but a bit on the heavier side. Unique and memorable but be sure to go on an emptier stomach.
just go here!amazing food. space is on the small side, but had no issues getting a table for 2 on a friday night. the lamb special was amazing.
Had a fantastic group dinner here last night (there were five of us). Our server was friendly, and came by an appropriate amount to check in on us, and also offered people samples of wine if they were unsure of their selections. The restaurant is composed of two rooms - nice intimate/cozy feel. The food is delicious - though the menu isnt all that expansive.  I tried the corn (lime, curry, creme fraiche), sticky rice (chinese sausage, duck fat and kale), and the duck (with pea shoots). The snow crab also seems like a favorite with noodles and dashi butter.  The portions were also perfect - not too large, but just enough so you dont leave feeling hungry.
Not very often do I write reviews on Yelp unless the experience was mind blowing and amazing or if I feel like i've been completely fleeced.Unfortunately, Tuome falls more toward the latter portion of my rationale. The service itself wasn't bad and it seemed like a typical hipster joint where the waitstaff are covered in tattoos and looked like they just got out of the L train which isn't necessarily a bad thing since i've been to plenty of good hipster joints.Unfortunately i can't critique much on the wine since i can't drink temporarily (which really blows), but the food i have to say was for the most part underwhelming. IN their defense, the first course which i guess was their version of a petit fourish entry actually wasn't bad which ended up being this pureed parsnip i believe that was very nice left a good after taste.The octopus was pretty well cooked and the fingerling potato foam was rather creative, so its clear that the chef was certainly employing a Ferran Adria El Bulli type of approach with visual representation and having your mind believe one thing while in reality its completely different.Now comes the nay saying.For the deviled egg's i appreciate the valiant effort with the seemingly thai/viet flavor infusion of what i generally think is a rather mundane dis, but I could not get over how salty it was an how is lacked a kick that i would expect from those kind of flavor ethnic profiles.Most disappointing of all was the pig for two. For one, yes for about $52.00 to get i believe it was 10 pieces of berkshire pork is not the worst in pricing, but for such a quality ingredient it honestly fell far too short and it seems like presentation on top of a flat piece of slate was of more concern than the dish taste it self.The recommend sauce combination was a good start, but it wasn't enough to bring out the best in berkshire pork. Honestly if you braised or slow cooked for 15 hours, then why was the pork it self so bland?  The good news is you can tell the pork is quality since there wasn't a single hint of swine taste, but you can honestly do much better than this especially since asian flavors can be so aggressive and should be more aggressive. The pork itself needs to be much better, and some parts of it was rather dry too.Finally there was the desert consisted of an chinese style beignet with caramel and vanilla ice cream and marmalade.  The beignet it self was not bad, but if you are going to use vanilla ice cream, please avoid using haagen daas and just make your own.. its not so hard to do and would take the dessert so much further.It was worth a shot, but for the money, I can think of better places that will cost less and taste good without trying to be to showy in presentation.
I had been meaning to try this place for a while, but was a bit sidetracked by the fact that I recently moved to the opposite side of the city. I was a bit confused as to what kinda of restaurant Tuome was. The menu didn't seem to have a unifying theme, which isn't absolutely necessary, but again, confusing. Nonetheless, this was a very good meal from start to finish. The hostess seated us promptly, and our waitress was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal.We ordered the Pig Out for 2 (duh) and the sticky rice and artichokes. The Pig Out came with 10 pieces of crispy pork belly, hot peanut noodles, a small arugula salad with apples and candied walnuts, and accompanying sauces. Everything about the Pig Out was delicious. The noodles were rich and satisfying, and the sauces complemented the pork belly very well. However, the sticky rice "tamale" or zhongzi, was a bit small, and not quite worthy of the $9 price tag. The artichokes came with a bit of lemon and bread crumbs, and the texture was good, but overall, just an okay dish.I feel like Tuome is a bit of a one-trick pony. The Pig Out for 2 was great, and it seems like a very popular dish, but nothing about the meal made me want to come back try the other things on the (very small) menu. I saw some of the other dishes being brought to other tables, and they looked like things you could find at other restaurants, which is fine. But at these prices, you should come here if you've never tried the Pig Out before, but after that, I don't think there's too much of a reason to come back. Overall, because of the slight lack of value, this is more like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up because of the quality and the great service. You'll have a good experience here, but not necessarily a place I would frequent.
I came here for restaurant week.  The place is charming but the seats are SO close together.The food was yummy (butternut squash soup and snow crab entree).  The dessert and drinks were so-so.  What I did not like is that they are always trying to remove your dishes!  I get it...you want to turn over the table and make more money.  I wouldn't even mind if they got antsy at dessert/check time...but it was throughout the whole meal.  They tried to snatch away the soup when we were only half done, same with entrees.  "Are you finished with that?"  ---"Um no I'm not".   Finally at the end the maitre d stood over us with clenched buttocks, menus in hand, eyeballing us as we put our coats on.  No desire to return.
I give it a four star bc of the creativity on the drinks and dishes but the pig out for two was a little too greasy and you really can't have too much of it.  All the other dishes were very well balanced though.
Excellent date spot nestled away in alphabet city. Tuome delivers the perfect Asian-American fusion inspired dishes. I've sampled all the appetizers/small plates, which you can actually make a very decent meal out of all of those, and they're probably the highlight of the restaurant! The deviled egg is definitely the best! Don't think i've ever eaten a more delicious egg! Steer away from the chicken liver... the texture was a little much for me and tasted super rich. The other small plates are more average to above average dishes (octopus and steak tartare). Overall, if you're targeting a a trendy atmosphere for a fun date night, Tuome is definitely a great choice. Your date will be super impressed. Be sure to split the pig out for two, you'll be absolutely stuffed but super happy with your decision. Wines and cocktails felt a little on the pricey side but complement the meal very well.
Why does nobody acknowledge the fact that tuome is saliva in Mandarin?? The food does look mouthwateringly good. First off they have a really short cocktail list but the Tuome City Limits is one of the smoothest spicy drinks I've had. I would go back for that drink alone.Chicken liver mousse was ok. Presentation was beautiful but I thought the mousse was a tad too thin and flavor was one-dimensional. However the toasted bread, pepitas and crispy garlic etc did add really good texture. The artichoke dish was good but I just hate eating this vegetable.... It provides less energy than it takes to eat #*&%*$#&% That's literally the opposite of food. Up this review if hate artichoke ._.Pig out for two was phenomenal..... because of the peanut noodles! The sauce was nutty, sweet and rich and the noodles were PERFECTLY AL DENTE, truly a dish combining the best of both Eastern and Western cuisine. The pork itself was crispy but not as fatty as I had hoped to be. I was also not a fan of the scallion sauce. Didnt think it worked well with the pork. The salad on the side however was more than mere garnish - it was light and refreshing and the walnuts complemented the meat very well. Finally, the RICE was the bomb. I have never had that kind of sausage outside China and it really brought me home (and tears to my eyes... just kd. but almost). The duck fat made the rice so sticky and aromatic!! It was literally porn.They only had one dessert - Chinese beignets. It sounded interesting but we were in a rush so we got the check. Overall fantastic meal.
It pains me to write this review. I've had Tuome on my radar ever since it opened and the famous "pig out for two" started appearing on my instagram feed.I walked away completely disappointed by the meal. I LOVE burrata. Its a must order anytime I see it on a menu. This? This was not good. It was thrown together with quinoa, kale and prosciutto. This combo did not work and definitely did not distract me from how flavorless the burrata was.  The brussels sprouts were way too salty. The pig out for two wasn't the crispy pork I imagined and wasn't seasoned well. I must say the deviled eggs were incredible. The servers were also incredibly pushy. You expect this from touristy spot on the west side, but not in the east village. I was told that the "chef prefers you order one dish from each section of the menu." Yes, I've been to a restaurant before and am familiar with the concept of appetizers, entrees and sides. Rarely do I walk away from my seat with unfinished dishes. Even rarer is it for me to turn down a servers request to box up my food. No thanks.Overall? Pretentious and unimpressive.
Loved everything about eating at Tuome. The food was spectacular, ambiance was awesome, service was top notch. Thanks for giving me a very special birthday dinner.
Maybe because I was coming from a few weeks of not going out much and eating really healthy (yes, you got it, I have been low-cal dieting for a month - can I say this on yelp?!) but my expectation above this restaurant was really high.We decided to go for two classics:- fried deviled eggs, absolutely worth the trip, that's a super cool appetizer and the chili on top gives that devil twist- pig out for two , perfect crispy and crunchy crust, right amount (not like those times that at restaurants they tell you it's for two but it's for one), nice salad with also pineapple to make it sweetly asian. The dry ramen (mazemen) were good but way too heavy and "buttery". I know they were "peanut noodles" but to me the pig and the peanut noodles were too heavy, I would suggest a mouth refreshing mazemen , with some lemon for example. The (beautiful) greasiness of the pork cannot be overloaded by the peanut, to my taste, but exalted by a fresh noodle.Then also- chicken liver mousse(appetizer), not an easy dish, but we Tuscan gourmet people love the chicken liver crostini so that's a taste we missed here in Brooklyn. It was delicious, really. A bit too sweeter that needed, but I think this is the Chef's taste. I think he likes sweet stuff.- artichokes with breadcrumbs, in my mind I was dreaming of something fried but it wasn't. It was a boiled artichoke with some breadcrumb on top and a sauce to dip.It was ok, I am not a fan of boiled artichokes though, and I am used to the Italian ones which are really really tasty even without any dip , just with a few drops of extra virgin olive oil on topThe dessert (the only one they have I think) was good but too sweet for me, and the smell was not of a super fresh frying oil. In general a nice dinner, I give 4 stars also for the nice ambience, the service which was kind, and for that very good bottle of Lambrusco wine which is perfect when you eat fat like pig, egg, chicken liver mousse. Go for that, you'll love it
Very innovative food. We tried the snow crab noodles, the fluke, the mussels and the brussels sprouts. Most plates seemed to be focussed around a star ingredient (e.g. the snow crab) surrounded by a supporting filler (e.g. the noodles); however I wish that there was a bit more of the star and a little less filler in each dish.The atmosphere is great, with just the right amount of lighting to complement the glow of the streetlights coming through the large windows. The tables are a little on the smaller side, and quite close to each other, but that's normal for this neighborhood.A couple of minor complaints included a 25 minute delay in getting seated (we had a reservation), and the chill on your back if you're sitting at the window (double glazing would be nice).
This was one of the best meals I've ever had. A relaxed, romantic ambiance, attentive friendly staff, and unreal food made for an extremely memorable experience.We had the 8 ingredient salad, the cod, the chicken, and the beignets for dessert. Everything was awesome. A ricotta with toasted sesame amuse bouche was heavenly - seriously I could eat that with an ice cream scoop. The 8 ingredient salad was different, tasty, and plated like a piece of art. The cod was also beautiful, and it had a subtle Asian flavor. The chicken was perfect - great flavor, well cooked, and the sushi rice porridge was really unique. The dessert beignets with goats milk caramel, red beans, ice cream and marmalade were complex, delicious, and the perfect way to end one of the most delicious meals of my life. I will definitely go back.
Came here for a private tasting collective supper club event which is chef centered.  Chef Tommy Chen is an eleven mad alum. We had an 8 course tasting menu. Stand outs were deviled egg (like an Asian scotch egg), wagyu beef yolk tartare, black pepper shishito grilled lamb, and snow crab noodle butter dashi sauce, and beignet with goat cheese dessert. Would definitely recommend. The chef told us a cute story about the name of the restaurant is how his Chinese parents said Tommy in chinglish "tuo-me".
If I could give Tuome 6 stars, I would! As someone who lives in the immediate area, I can say it's easily the best restaurant in east village/LES, and the service is amazing. The food is totally innovative and delicious...I recommend the Pig for 2 and the egg!Amazing place...a definite must visit.
Went for winter restaurant week on Friday. Had the tartare with broccoli chips for the appetizer. Huge portion but the meat was a little too chunky. Next was the snow crab noodles. The best thing I've had in a long time. So delicious ! And the deconstructed banana pudding was the perfect ending! Love that they put items from their normal menu for restaurant week. Excellent meal, can't wait to go back!
I've anticipated the opening of Tuome since I heard it was  going to be opened by an Eleven Madison Park alum, Thomas Chen. Asian influences on American cuisine? Oh yes, bring it! And thank goodness my friend & I trekked to the East Village for this. I have no regrets & I will DEFINITELY be returning.My friend & I had to wait around for about 5-10 mins although I made a reservation. But I guess a perk to working late hours is that you don't really have to battle people for a seat, haha.It was fine though - we didn't mind & the hostess offered to get us drinks from the bar while we waited a bit.There's not much seating in Tuome so it makes it a nice place for a date. Dim setting, intimate atmosphere w/ a touch of elegance & simplicity. Just the way I like it.Now let's talk about the food. All I can say is, HOLY COW!Thick noodles w/ a generous serving of spicy peanut sauce smoldering the entire bowl? Why, don't mind if I dig in! Every bite was savory & flavorful. It's a small portion but the richness was enough to keep you satisfied.When the waitress took our order, we first asked her for the pig out for 2. Luckily for us, there was one order let for the night. And hell yes, the pig out for 2 was well worth it. Perfectly seasoned squares of moist meat topped w/ a nice layer of crunchy pig skin. And a small dollop of ginger & pepper sauce? Every bite was amazing and delicious.Sometimes you just don't need a fancy dinner. Tuome brought out the elegance through simplicity. The presentation was beautiful. And the Asian flavors added a nice nostalgic touch.Bravo Tuome. You won me over!
A bit pricey but nice to try.Tried the "egg" and the "pig out", which was really innovative in cooking ways and tastes great.Would visit again for a dinner if I am around!
Do not walk to Tuome....RUN.  This place is sinfully delicious.  We came last night for restaurant week.  We ordered the watermelon and fluke app, the pig out for 2 and both available desserts.  By the time desserts came around, we were both stuffed and happy.  You can tell the chef while thinking about the dishes thought about the flavors blending well together, which they did.  My bf wanted to come to this place because of the pork. We both love pork, must be in our blood.  The pork belly was cooked I think the waiter said  it was baking for 15 hours and it literally melted in your mouth.  We have four little pieces left sitting in our fridge...that's going to be tonight's late night snack.   Once again RUN to Tuome.
We came by for restaurant week on a Sunday. Normally Tuome is not open on Sundays and we had a number of service & timing issues that maybe were due to having different or incomplete staff for the day? Our meal started with an amuse bouche, which was vegetable chips and a ricotta dip. While I can't eat ricotta, my friends said it tasted like nothing so I was not missing out. While waiting for our first course (for a while) they came around with lamb dumplings and mentioned they had some dim sum dishes in celebration of Chinese New Year. The lamb dumpling was absolutely perfect but unfortunately the only outstanding item of the meal. For my meal, I had the beef tartare to start. The tartare has a sweeter profile and adding some salt helped a lot for me. While waiting for our second course (again for a while), they came around with langoustine spring rolls, which were fine but not anything notable. For the main course, I had the chicken with porridge. The chicken was nicely cooked (sous vide) but there was nothing unique flavorwise about the dish for me. I tried a bite of my friends' pig out (pork belly & peanut butter noodles) and it was decent, though a bit rich for my tastes. On the drink side, we did a bottle of the syrah they have by the glass and it was really nice. Overall, Tuome is a solid good but not great restaurant for me.
I've waited so long since this meal (and post-meal fun at Ace Bar) that my memory isn't perfect but I'll give you the average.For one, I was incredibly impressed my friend recommended this place and I hadn't heard about it. Needless to say, when i read the pedigree, I was very intrigued.It's an unusual space, really two rooms with a bar but feels like one small depending where you are seated. When we left and the lights were on, I could appreciate the decor so much more. Oh yes, they close early so make note.One of our four was a bit surprised they do not have a full bar. Yes they have cocktails but they are wine or sake cocktails. We went with bottles of wine for the table.As we were an adventurous group of four, we asked for recommendations on how to order and followed suit, minus one or two small dishes. Let me say, we left a decent amount on our plates! My rating of the dishes was either very good  or not my style, not much in between. Interesting though, while I didn't enjoy the octopus (a fave of mine in general), one companion said it was his favorite.The deviled eggs were fantastic. Unfortunately, as a massive persimmon fan, the dish didn't work for me. The persimmons were not very ripe and the quinoa didn't add any flavor to the dish, although the burrata was very nice and with the prosciutto could have stood on its own. The texture didn't work either. The pig out was worth ordering, a novel presentation and fun with each of the pieces though I preferred the spicy peanut noodles to the pork! The pork has a nice crispy cracking but was just above average in taste. The brussels as sides were good but the rice, better! And my favorite, in a once in a lifetime event (probably), I LOVED the chicken. I mean, when the others wanted the last bites of the octopus or the duck, I took the chicken. Even the porridge, which sounded really strange, worked.While I had some hits and some misses, I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food is definitely above average and worth 4 stars. And, a major plus to one of the staff who volunteered his ipod for the music of the evening. 90's playlist was perfect for my liking! My top 'surprise' restaurant of the year.
You next level monsters. How very dare you serve me such a disgustingly life-changing meal. What you are doing is criminal. If you think I'll ever be back to your restaurant so thar you can make sweet love to my humble taste buds then you are not wrong. I shall never forgive you for changing my perspective as such that all subsequent meals I engage in shall be unworthy and subpar. You oughta be locked up! Far away from the world and trapped in my case forced to serve me your sinful seductions hourly. You had no right serving me such tender yet crispy yet fatty yet dense pork.
Good service, nice ambiance, clean bathroom! Can't wait to come back and try other things on their menu. We tried - Chicken liver pate ($13), the bread that comes with the pate is perfectly toasted- Octopus ($18), expensive for one piece but so worth it! - Oxtail spring roll ($13), comes with an amazing green sauce. We asked to keep it after to dip other things in- Pig out for 2 ($49), the pork was a little too salty for my tastes but the ginger sauce that came with this was spot on! Complimented the pork perfectly. Also loved the noodles that came with the dish, mix a little of the spicy sauce in for the perfect sweet & spicy kick- Scallops ($26), the scallops were cooked well but there is nothing special or standout about this dish. - "Chinese" beignets. DO NOT GET! It's just fried mun-tao which is basically just white bread that comes with three dipping sauces - a caramel sauce, ice cream and jam
I'll always come back for the 'pig out'. Great to share with another person, and good selection of cheap/high end wine.
This place is great!  The pig out for two is a must have....good to split amongst more tho because it is very rich!   I loved the dim sum passed around during Friday evening....nice touch;). And the beignets took me back to Nola!!
I came here with my family for my birthday and everyone was very impressed with the food. The presentation of the dishes are beautiful. I wish I took a few pictures because they were some of the best presentations I've seen. Everything we had was exceptionally good. My favorites were the deviled eggs, grilled octopus, pig out and the noodles in the crab dish. The peanut noodles that comes with the pig out tasted good but the sauce was a bit too thick for me. All the food is very rich and flavorful so it's a good place to share dishes because eating a whole plate of one dish may be too much, flavor wise. The combinations of flavors were amazing though. Very unique dishes, great presentation, nice atmosphere, delicious food. It's a little expensive but not ridiculously expensive and I think it's worth the money to try some of these dishes. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that's into trying new foods, it's not a place for people with baby taste buds who only eat chicken tenders and french fries.
One of the best new restaurants I've tried this year.  I really enjoyed every dish we had which happens infrequently.This is a great neighborhood restaurant as well as one worth travelling for.I loved all the Asian ingredients and components in each dish.  I thought every dish was well balanced...you can taste the ingredients but none were overpowering.  Amuse-bouche - I like the fine dining touch without having to go to a fine dining establishment.  The papaya salad and tomatoes was a lovely little bite with just enough fish sauce to taste but not turn pungent.Oxtail spring rolls - two cigar-like rolls with crispy, golden skin.  The meaty oxtail and cumin flavors came through and the bone marrow added richness.  The green dipping sauce was fresh and almost palate cleansing.Octopus - Yes, the octopus was tender.  But what I really loved was the pork XO and brown butter fingerling foam.  The pork XO flavor was spot on and provided crispy little nuggets of texture.  While most foams are airy and disappear, the texture of the  fingerling foam coats the tongue so you can taste the buttery goodness. We scraped every bit off the plate.  Pig Out for Two - this dish is not as overwhelming as it may appear in pictures.  The pork cubes are not as large in person but are still very satisfying.  For $49, it's worth it because it comes with a filling bowl of noodles for each person.  As comparison, other entrees range  $23-$28 depending on the current menu.  The Berkshire pork was tender and juicy with crispy skin.  The ginger scallion sauce & sambal sauce were great condiments to put on each bite of pork.  I usually have ginger scallion sauce with boiled chicken rice dishes I get in Chinatown BBQ places, so this was a new pairing for me to have it with pork.  And it was just as delicious.  The spicy peanut noodles has a nice level of heat and is not lacking in peanuttiness.  And the fresh persimmon & arugula salad was pretty and helped balance the rich flavors of the pork and noodles.The menu notes the Pig Out is limited quantity and I'm not sure how often or when they sell out.  But there were a LOT of orders for this dish.  (We got there at 6:05 on Sat. for a walk-in party of 2.) Corn side dish - the kaffir lime and curry were so delicious with the corn.  It is a very good sized portion for a side at $8 considering the quality of food here.  Definitely recommend this.Seriously a delicious meal.
Absolutely delicious meal in a small cozy atmosphere. I came for restaurant week with friends. We all started with the watermelon sangria. It tasted like candy although I couldn't taste the actual wine and the portion looked like a regular class of wine even with the 4 ice cubes in it - pretty tiny for the price. We got a bottle of wine instead after. I had the fluke to start - so fresh and light with a great flavor profile.  I then had the show crab pasta dish without dairy ( they were able to custom make this for me) I honestly don't know how they made it so delicious. One of the best pastas I've ever had. The snow crab was cooked perfectly and was a decent portion. My friends had the snow crab made with butter which they said was delicious and the pig out for two. The pig out for two is pork soaked in duck fat for 15 hours and it looks incredible. My friends confirmed it was. Dessert they had beignet ice cream sandwiches which they could make without ice cream and a chocolate tart. The beignet was delicious so airy yet rich. I would highly recommend.
We went to Tuome on a Saturday night. It was quite busy but the staff was very accommodating and gave us a great table in the back corner since we didnt want to sit in front of the door.We had the deviled eggs which was one of our favorties and oxtail spring rolls to start off.Then we got the chicken that came on top of porridge and the Pig Out.I am typically not  the biggest pork eater but the Pig Out was crispy and tasty! the Peanut noodles were a little too rich in my opinion. The corn and brussels sprout were good as well.For dessert of course we got the Chinese beignets with red bean and ice cream on the side.
I went with 4 people around 830 on a Friday. My friend made a reservation for us and we were seated right at the time of our reservation. The restaurant itself is beautiful and has a great intimate atmosphere. The entire experience was great. - Deviled eggs: These come highly recommended from Yelpers. They definitely lived up to the hype. - Mushrooms: These were cooked perfectly and were a pretty large portion. They're not a must-do, however.- Octopus: Definitely recommend the octopus, although we still have no idea what pork xo is. It was very firm and flavorful. Do not miss this appetizer!- Chinese broccoli: We felt we needed a green, and this was a great pick. I loved the sesame flavor. - Pig out: Totally worth the hype. It comes with squares of perfectly cooked pork with crispy skin that are absolutely amazing. It also comes with noodles in a spicy peanut sauce. They entire dish is to die for. It's worth it to come to the restaurant just for this dish!- Beignet dessert: the actual beignet with the caramel was delicious. I didn't love the marmalade, but other than that, I thought it was great. The service was great and the waitress gave us some great recommendations. We absolutely loved Tuome.
This was our second time enjoying dinner at Tuome, and it was just as good, if not better than we remembered! Although some dishes were changed that I would have loved to of tried again (lamb shank!), but the menu was incredible none the less! We had a variety of dishes from the chicken liver, to the octopus, and can't forget the lobster roll as well. The main course we decided on the pig out for 2 (a can't miss, and menu staple), as well as the stone crab noodles. The pork was insanely good! And the crab noodles did not disappoint either, and the apps were all just as complex and flavor packed as the mains! The favorite of ours was definitely the chicken liver, the flavors they had created with the maple, as well as the little accoutrements served alongside were simply stunning! Can't wait to dine with Tuome again!
Our meal of deviled/scotch eggs, chicken liver pate, pig out for two, with a side of rice (which surprisingly turned out to be a Chinese Joong) was a perfect ending to a fun evening out with my husband. I'm craving the crispy pork skin right now.  We were warmly greeted by the host and our waiter was helpful and attentive.
This was one of those meals where everything was so delicious and the service was so perfect that you could forgive how expensive it all was.It's a very small menu, with a few choices of hot and cold starters, entrees and sides. We had a good sampling of the menu, including the larger "for two" entree:- Chicken Liver ($13)This was good, but the only thing here that didn't really blow me away. The mousse was accompanied by some nuts, chicken skin and sea salt, which combined together and spread on the milk toast was quite tasty.- Oxtail Spring Rolls ($13 for 2)These were excellent. Though they just looked like two very long but ordinary spring rolls, they were incredibly flavorful. Stuffed with plenty of juicy oxtail and bone marrow, I couldn't get enough of this and wished there were more of them.- Pig Out (for two) ($58, including peanut noodles)Given the name and the price of this dish, I expected much more (in terms of quantity), but the quality was all there as the large crispy cubes of pork were amazing. They weren't even too fatty, like this type of dish often can be, where you pay through the nose just to eat fat. The pieces were so meaty and soft and went so well with the impossibly crispy skin on top. Along with the pig were two bowls of spicy peanut noodles, which were so good they practically made this dish worth it to get to try them. Any peanut butter fan must try these, as they were so thick and coated with delicious peanut sauce that you could barely slurp the noodles (which is good, since it's a nice place and you probably shouldn't be slurping your noodles anyway).- Corn ($8)This was some of the best corn ever. Topped with kaffir lime, curry and creme fraiche, it was so creamy and satisfying. It's definitely a good way to get your vegetables even though it's not even close to healthy with all that excellent creaminess.- Rice ($9)Another excellent side dish, this was an incredible bowl of leaf-wrapped sticky rice, studded with kale and Chinese sausage. It was super sticky and rich from duck fat, and was another excellent starch to complement the previously mentioned pig.Sadly, there was no dessert, but it was ok since we were extremely satisfied from the perfect dishes we tried (and luckily there are plenty of dessert options nearby in the East Village). Service throughout was perfect and everybody we came in contact working here was very friendly. I would love to come back for the inevitable menu expansion. Hopefully they will start serving dessert, and probably brunch, as these restaurants often do after awhile. I am confident that it would all be good after this incredible meal.
Listen. Here's what I need you to do. Go here, and order the Pig for Two. If it isn't the best thing you've ever eaten in New York City, please let me know - because I'd like to taste what is.
Saw this new place on Yelp, decided to try it out. After a bad experience at a newly opened restaurant recently, I was pretty skeptical about trying out anything opened for less than one month. However, A group of five went there on a Saturday night and the experience was beyond expectation. After being seated promptly, our waitress was helpful and recommended several very good dishes. We shared Deviled eggs, soft shelled crab, and octopus as starters. Deviled eggs were fried on the outside, very interesting texture contrast and who doesn't like fried eggs? Octopus was tender and flavors were spot on. We also got all four sides to share along with our main dishes. Rice was unanimously the favorite of the table, so do get that if you only want to order one side. For main, I had Skate. I can see the plate being very yummy because all the veggies on the plate and the sauce worked very well together, but the more I ate the skate, the more I caught this ammonia taste in my mouth, so unfortunately I had to leave more than half of the fish on the plate. It's partially myself to blame because if I remember correctly skate, rays, etc. excrete urine through the skin, so unless it's being prepared properly, you would get some weird taste to it. The Skate dish was the sole reason I took one star off the review, hence a 4. I tried my husband's scallop and it was cooked perfectly. Our cousin's Short rib plate also looked amazing. Also even though they don't have dessert on the menu, our waitress did tell us they have some special dessert sundae, which turned out to be a huge hit. All in all, very positive experience, Eleven Madison Park-trained Chef Thomas Chen obviously know what he's doing (minus skate...).
High end Chinese fusion, a new experience for me.Recommended - Brussel sprouts, foie gras, pork for 2.Skip - lamb for 2Small space and can get busy
If I had the time to write a 20-page review about everything I enjoyed about the food, service and atmosphere I would. But I don't. This place is simply delicious on all accounts, definitely recommend anything pork and duck-related or that tasty goddamn tartar but you can't go wrong with anything here. Your mouth and stomach will thank you for dining at this place.
Went with a group of four. Crispy deviled eggs were amazing as were the Brussels sprouts, mash squash (a must) and the sticky rice. Pig out for two should definitely be enjoyed by four as it's very rich.An extremely enjoyable experience. Great food and drinks with fantastic friendly service.
The restaurant was packed which was a good sign this place was the rage. Tuome started of with a very interesting cocktail menu. Highly recommending Fire in Sky as has just the right amount of spice in the drink with exposing so fun colorful flavor in a cocktail.We ended up ordering 2 entrees:Duck and Pig Out.The Duck was the first entree to come it out. Amazing and extremely impressive!!! The duck was cooked to perfection. The meat was extremely tender for duck and not to much fat. It was served with a most exquisite xo sauce that left an amazing lingering after taste that made you go back for more. Eating the duck with small pieces of grapefruit was a nice surprise. The citrus brought out the best in both the duck and sauce.The Pig Out Entree was their most popular and know for item. This turned out to be a disappointment. The pork belly was fried to a point where you didn't know what type of meat you were eating. It came with 2 sauces, a chili that was just regular and ginger. The chef recommends you do the same amount of sauce on each bite but the sauce neither helped or complimented the pork belly bites. The argula salad with lychee and walnuts was a nice compliment that brought out the pork belly more than the sauces. The noodles included with entree was just ok. Over dosed in a regular peanut sauce and the noodles were a bit to al dente for Asian inspired pairings in my opinion. Overall not impressed and a bit confused by their most popular dish.Still would recommend Tuome for its new invigorating takes on Asian Inspired Cuisine.
I was enticed by pictures of the sesame noodles, so i was super excited to finally try tuome. We had the pig out for two, fried deviled eggs, and 2 cocktails. Staff was friendly and I thought the atmosphere was casual but romantic. The pig out was great! I have to say though, since I'm used to roasted pig in chinese cuisine, even if the meat was more tender, not sure if it was worth the price. Cocktails were unique but not outstanding in taste. Noodles were great texture but I found the sesame sauce too thick. Overall had a good time and it was a solid meal but not extremely outstanding.
Good pork platter that is definitely work ordering if you are a group over 3. The peanut noodles were a bit heavy and we didn't finish them among the 3 of us. The brussels sprouts were really good along with the other sides such as octopus. I think this is a great place to meet up for drinks as the cocktails were well priced and delicious. They also didn't rush us as we lingered and caught up with our friends. The best dish was definitely the eggs!! Get at least one each!
Accidently walked into this place with a friend, and so happy I did! Everything we ordered was absolutely amazing and the service was wonderful! We started with the "Egg" and octopus and both were super flavorful. Despite the egg dish being listed as a snack it was a perfect size for an app to share for two people. My friend and I both had the snow crab as our main and despite looking like it would be incredibly heavy, it was light, creamy, and delicious. We finished by sharing the Chinese beignets, which comes with ice cream, marmalade, and a goat cheese caramel sauce and with our server's suggestion we made ice cream sandwiches with the ice cream and beignets. Will definitely be back here!
This is good food a great vibe perfect date spot for a price tag. It is beautifully prepared and thought out. Spot on service. Nice they take reservations. Menu split into small big and sides section. They recommend one each per person and they are not cheap! It's was almost too pricey that I almost gave them 3 stars. But they're really trying on all levels to give you an excellent dining experience. Could use some warmth and heart but oh well. The highlight was the rice. Entrees are very small. That's why they recommend the three plates.
Inventive, casual, and simply delicious. Tuome is a great spot to try some new and old flavors with top notch ingredients.Beef Tartare - very light almost tuna like, fruity ponzu sauce. Tasty, nothing wild. They give you too few chips tho Oxtail spring rolls - also tasty. Green sauce was excellent. Bright, herbaceous, and silkyCrispy deviled eggs - interesting and good. Fried with Panko crumbs, topped with chili/sambal topping. Pig for two - the best crispy pork belly out there. Little porky nuggets each containing the right amount of crunch, fat, and tender meat. Think of it as the best chicharrones you will ever have. Accompanying noodles were a great. The noodles were clearly fresh, retaining a toothsome texture, peanut sauce was bright. The chili sauce in the bottle was perfectly fruity and spicy.Chicken and porridge - chicken breast was stellar, moist and textured. The risotto like porridge was fairly heavy and creamy, brightened a bit by a rich soy Demi glace of sort. Great cold night dish. Although the fried chicken thigh seamed like an after thought as it didn't quite fit with the rest of the dish.Awesome restaurant, fairly priced. Definitely worth a visit. Bring friends since the menu is definitely designed for sharing.
Thomas Chen, an ex-chef of Eleven Madison Square Park, was able to execute the Asian American dishes on his menu expertly: each of the items didn't lose the traditional preparation/taste of the dish but had an added opposing American or Chinese flare depending on whether the dish was an American or a Chinese dish. The "small" and "side" plates stood out most for me and I am looking forward to coming back to try more of the big plates as we only ordered the famous pig out for two this time. From the small plates, we tried the egg, chicken liver, tartare and soft-shell crab and I would order all four again. I particularly liked the deviled eggs at Tuome are very unique and the various textures of the eggs make it a fun bite to eat. The exterior is panko crusted and deep fried, giving the egg a crunchy exterior, and the creamy yolky interior is topped with fried garlic and chiles chilies giving the egg a spicy kick.From the sides we ordered the brussels sprouts, corn and rice. The rice dish was one of my favorites, but unfortunately it didn't photograph well. This was Chen's take on a familiar dimsum dish - Lo mai gai, steamed lotus leaves stuffed with sticky rice lotus leave rice. The lotus rice dish here is steamed with duck fat, kale and Chinese sausage.Unfortunately the Pig Out for two, but this was not the highlight of the dinner for me.. The pig out comes with 10 pieces of pork, scallion-ginger and sambal sauces, and two bowls of peanut noodles. The pig is prepared in the Chinese roasted pig "siu yuk" style. I grew up eating this dish and I am used to the pork being more tender and fattier. The Tuome version I found slightly too dry but the ginger and sambal sauces helped add a nice flavor to the pork. On the other hand, the peanut noodles were amazing! The noodles were al dente and just the right amount of chewy. I will ask if I can order these noodles separately next time and order either the chicken or the duck dish as my main!Tip: get a bottle of the red Tannat from Uruguay to go with your meal. Delicious good value wine!!!
I went to Tuome recently for dinner and I loved it! Every dish is super flavorful. I would recommend the lamb for two and the deviled eggs.
We tried this place after a recommendation from my brother of the famous Pig-Out for 2. We came, we ordered it, and it was amazing. Really a great dish and a good amount for two people, given the richness. We also got the fried deviled eggs and those were TO DIE FOR. We ALMOST got another order for dessert, but realized that would be kind of pathetic. I feel that this place might be a one trick pony at the moment and once you've tried the pig-out there's not much reason to come back, but we certainly enjoyed our visit.
I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time and I am glad that I finally made it here.  This East Village spot is small and intimate with 2 dining rooms and a small bar if you are waiting for the rest of your party to arrive.  Overall, the wait staff was friendly and attentive and we didn't see ourselves waiting/looking around for much.The menu here is small and simple which I enjoy as it shows some diversity (about 6 items each for apps/entrees/sides) but also focuses on the restaurant's strengths.  Getting to the food, we started with deviled eggs (a must order as they had great flavors but also a nice crunch with the deep-fried panko breading), the chicken liver (served with toasted bread that was nice), the burrata with quiona and persimmon (good balance of creaminess and flavors) and the grilled octopus (a bit too charred for my liking).  For my main, I tried the cod (hot and sour soup with mushrooms that was cooked perfectly and was very moist), the squash with granola and curry spice (unique and not too overpowering) and the broccoli (simple but done well).  To wrap things up, they only had one sweet of Chinese beignets severed with some jams and caramel that was ok but nothing special.  Overall, the dining experience here was great.  The ambiance was intimate but also good for groups and the wait staff was attentive.  After a couple of glasses of wine each and a handful of items above, with tax and tip it came out to about $100/person which I thought was a bit steep but overall worth it.  Buon appetito.
Tuome is a textbook example of a restaurant taking the familiar to soaring new heights. The deviled eggs will ruin you for all other deviled eggs that aren't deep-fried. The chicken duo is about as far away from your everyday bird as you can get -- divinely rich and moist. The branzino skin cracks like a potato chip above silky white flesh. If you want to see how much better some well-known dishes and ingredients can be, give this little gem a shot.
This review is more of a 4.5 but I was not completely comfortable offering a 5 star review primarily because the space is quite small and probably should be more carefully considered.  The wine by the bottle list should also be better developed, we struggled when ordering a bottle which never happens (my husband is a sommelier.)  Our table was near the door and a party of 9-10 people came in during the end of our meal- this led to some unfortunate bustling and cold air coming in and out, along with people hoovering over us.  I'm not sure that Tuome is suitable for large parties with children...  We had to move tables so the restaurant could accommodate the large party; this was fine because they bought our beignets for our trouble (DON'T MISS THE BEIGNETS!) Every dish was imaginative and flavorful.  The steak tartar is suburb and comes close to my favorite tartar at 1760 in SF.  The marmalade that accompanies the beignets was also fantastic, my husband asked for more and ate it with a spoon.  Our waiter was extremely enthusiastic about food and wine and made the experience of dining with Tulome exciting and lively.  We will be back!
The number of "fusion" restaurants opening in New York City has escalated of late, and despite my instinctive aversion to such places, there are a handful that manage to accomplish the feat with great success. Take Tuome, for example, the newest entrant in the East-Meets-West movement, headed by Thomas Chen, a young chef fresh from the kitchens of Eleven Madison Park and Commerce. He describes his cuisine as "American with Asian influences", and his plates have met with surprising and overwhelming acclaim. It didn't escape from my mental bookmarks, and when plans for a Friday evening fell through last minute, Tuome was a perfect alternative.Located in East Village, Tuome sports an inconspicuous storefront, blending in with its surroundings almost perfectly. The interior is similarly pared down, with minimalistic rows of wooden tables and chairs that appear more alluring in the dim candlelight. The small space and the brick walls means that it can get rather loud when the dining space is full, but it's a necessary price to pay when dining at any well-recieved newcomer to NYC's dining scene.Tuome's menu is similarly compact, split out into only four sections: Small Hot, Small Cold, Big (Entree), and Sides. Descriptions encompass only the ingredients used in a dish, so it made finalizing our choices a little harder, but we eventually decided on four plates to share for the evening.First to arrive was our lone cold plate, the Beets. They're a vegetable that I've only come to appreciate recently, but the pairing with a creamy five spice yogurt made the initial minerality in each bite much more subdued. While quinoa wouldn't have been my grain of choice, the texture was an appreciated contrast, especially with the nuttiness of the pumpkin seeds. Admittedly, the Deviled Eggs that followed were one of my favorite bites of the evening; each of three egg halves is deep-fried in a panko batter, the yolk treated to the classic mixture of mayonnaise and mustard, and topped with an addictive chile-garlic sauce. It's a textural, well-spiced bite that calls into mind Thai Son-in-Law Eggs, which might be the inspiration for the plate. Slightly more disappointing were the Oxtail Spring Rolls, a dish that appeared tempting on paper, but presented us with too-dry oxtail meat that lacked a noticeable presence of bone marrow.The unavoidable order at Tuome, however, is the aptly named Pig Out (for two), a dish that comes in a number of components that our table almost couldn't fit. First, there's the 10 cubes of bite-size Berkshire pork belly; they're initially confited and cured in a mixture of thyme, ginger, and salt before they're seared to render the skin to a delightful crispness. The result is a decadent bite, a cube of fatty, tender pork belly supported by a thick, cracker-like layer of skin - a shining example of textural contrast. Two squeeze bottles are presented on the side, one containing a ginger scallion sauce and the other, sambal; both are recommended as accompaniments with the pork belly, and give the much-needed elements of acidity and spice to counter the protein. There's a small arugula salad on the side, served with persimmons and candied walnuts, and a drizzle of balsamic, a much needed break between the bites of pork belly. Each diner recieves a small bowl of Spicy Peanut Noodles as well, which rounds out the carbohydrates in the meal. They're thick, chewy, coated in an addictive chili peanut sauce, and an option that I wish Tuome had as an à la carte Side Dish.Perhaps it's most appropriate to end on the origins of the restaurant's name, which come from Thomas Chen's parents; as first generation immigrants from China, they didn't pronounce his nickname as most would say "Tommy", but "Tow-Me". It is, in actuality, the "correct" pronunciation for Tuome, and the best example I can find for describing Chen's cuisine: unfussy, true to its roots, and an homage to both the East and the West.
Deviled eggs, charred octopus with butter foam, fluke carpaccio, pig out with peanut sauce noodles feeds 3 & branzino with pea sauce
Simple ingredients and techniques to create a work of art you can eat. I had the off menu geoduck clam sashimi and tempura. So simply treated to let the clam shine through! The dashi butter noodles with crab is an experience I hope to have again. It was good til I was scrapping the plate for the last bit of butter. The beignets were airy and the marmalade was so good I could have been satisfied just eating the marmalade.
I'd give the food a 7.5/10, ambiance 9/10, and service 9.5/10The food is good, but can be a bit overpowering in its flavors. The deviled eggs, as everyone has mentioned, are very unique - you get three halves and the eggs are deviled, then fried and topped with a chili sauce. i LOVED the chili flavor and the crunch was a nice touch, although I was surprised the fried part was not hot.We had to get the pig out for two which was good - not too greasy but extremely tender and perfect with the ginger scallion & hot sauce. The peanut noodles also balanced out the meat very well but were a bit chewy for me. The two sides we ordered were the brussels sprouts and chinese broccoli - both good and had interesting additions (grapes, sesame, etc), but I thought the portions were a bit small for the brussels (aka i really liked them. why dont the ones i make turn out like that!?).Overall, a very enjoyable meal and our waitress was extremely sweet. Restaurant did not feel overcrowded and the wait times for the dishes were not bad either.
Fergalicious def...Fergalicious def...let me see you 1, 2 step...say my name, say my name...what a weird song selection to welcome me to this restaurant!  I didn't know quite what to expect after walking into this place, but I left after having one of the best meals that I've had in a really long time.  I came here on a date night and it was the perfect atmosphere--not too loud, mood lighting, exposed brick, candles and springs of lavender on the table, friendly staff...and clearly a memorable music selection of women from the 90s.  We had early reservations and were promptly seated in an already crowded restaurant.From what I had heard, this place was an American restaurant, but I have to correct the listing.  This place is definitely Thai or Thai fusion--I'm talking peanut-noodle, banana-leaf-loving Thai food!  After sitting down, we were given a list of wine and beer, and I assumed that they didn't have mixed drinks.  We found out later though that we weren't given the cocktail list.  Oh well.  They have a nice selection of wines and we found something that suited us.  The waitress told us that the perfect sized meal is one order from each of the three menu sections per person (appetizer, entree, and side dish).  This is a huge amount of food though, and I would advise against it.  Two entrees and an appetizer is certainly enough food.  The meal started with an amuse bouche of squash soup with chili foam...a great start to the meal!  Clearly, everyone who comes here gets the pig out, which is deliciously seared pork belly and comes with a small salad and two bowls of thai peanut noodles.  The hype of the pig out though shouldn't overshadow some of the other menu items, especially the blue crab mac and cheese.  It was a weird combination of mac and cheese, crab, and Thai curry, which was the most unexpectedly delicious combination of flavors.  Amazing!I couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal!  I would come back here in a heartbeat and try anything on the menu if my first experience here was any indication of what else is on the menu!
Had a reservation for a party of 5 and was seated promptly. The decor is very cute in this place, giving off a chill vibe. The drink menu selections was great! I highly recommend the Jacques cider if you are a fan of cider. Definitely the best cider I've ever had. We also had a bottle of Verdejo's El Gordon. If you are a fan of savignon blanc, this is the wine to try. Crisp with a hint of tropical flavors, yet not sweet and still refreshing. We tried all the appetizers. Loved them all! I highly recommend the octopus, very tender and the xo pork complimented it very well. Also my other favorites were the crispy deviled egg and the chicken mousse which was complimented perfectly with the maple syrup. We tried the pig out for 2. There were 10 crispy pieces of pork with a light arugula salad and a spicy peanut noodle dish. The sauce for the spicy noodle dish was really great and the noodles tasted like handmade noodles. The duck was a huge hit at our table, a perfect medium rare. The chicken was also a big hit with the porridge underneath. We also tried all the sides. They were all delicious. My favorite of the night was the brussel sprouts, crispy with a refreshing hint of sweetness from the grapes and the raisins. I also really enjoyed the steamed rice with kale, Chinese sausage, and duck fat. Dessert was a nice surprise. Was so full didn't think we had room for it but it was so delicious we ate it all. Chinese beignets accompanied with vanilla ice cream with red bean and a goat milk caramel. Needless to say it was a lot of food but since it was so delicious we are every last bite, there were not leftovers.
Host service was 2 star worthy: We were seated next to the door, in a table that had un-insulated bench window seats (it was 27* outside). We asked to move; the quick retort (telling us no) was full of attitude. There was no need for that. They ended up moving us, so it became a non-issue.Overall, the space is a good size, but tables are close (not Manhattan tiny, though). Warm glow ambiance inside.And like all the reviews state, the food is delicious. Asian-infused american fare. Best bet is to sample across the menu and share among the table (I know family style is scary for some people, but join the 14th century already! You won't regret the decision to go communal). Top picks:SMALL (appetizers)-Egg (deep fried deviled eggs)-Mushrooms (mushroom variety with a light brown sauce and a soft egg you mix in)BIG (mains)-Pig out (for two) (crispy pork)SIDES-Yam (deep fried yam and potato in a won ton skin)-Rice (sticky rice with chopped chinese sausage)DESSERT-Mantou beignets (deep fried chinese sweet white bread, served with caramel and yuzu sauces and a scoop of vanilla ice cream with red bean garnish)However, special mention to our server, MADELYN, who made (saved) our dinning experience. Beyond being friendly, Madelyn made great wine recommendations, and was ALL OVER EVERY DETAIL (eg. our wine and water glasses never got too low) and she knew how much to leave us alone, and when to help us out. Madelyn has serious server game. Thank you, Tuome and Madelyn.
I really loved this place! Very reasonable prices and great food. We started with the deviled eggs. They were the best Ive ever had! They are actually fried and have some spice to them. So good!The we had the Pig Out for 2. The peanut noodles were amazing. I tried to get an extra order of them to go but they are only sold as part of the pig out. The meat was good too. They give you 2 sauces which you are supposed to mix together. It was all good and a lot of food. They only have 1 dessert (beignets) so we tried it. It was good too but not as good as the rest of the meal. Otherwise this place is 5 stars. I will definitely be back!
This place is so tiny and quaint. Very good for dates.The food is Asian fusion that veers a little bit more on the non-Asian side of the fusion but it's still tasty. Portions are small. From my experience, the most fun and enjoyable meal involves ordering a bunch of small plates/sides and no entrees. Eggs are a must. I also tried the rice, brussel sprout, and pea shoot sides. There was something else on the menu that isn't on the website and I think it was a take on mac and cheese that was also really good. It's definitely a nice meal with solid service, a safe choice for a nicer-ish place to go to for dinner.
It's always tricky to take a tried and tested formula and tampering with it hoping to discover something new. I think Tuome fuses Asian and Western styles with mixed success but the dishes that are more Western are better.I came here in a group of 4 - an ideal number for this restaurant - and ordered family style. We got:Deviled Eggs: The Asian version of this classic dish had chilies which really elevated the dish. 5/5Octopus: The octopus was cooked down to the right texture (soft but not mushy) and the fingerling mash potato was buttery delicious. The crunchy bits added texture and savory bites to the dish. 4/5Oxtail spring roll: Way too liberal use of hoisin sauce made the spring rolls too sweet. The savory flavors of the oxtail and the bone marrow were lost. The cumin sauce on the side didn't bring much to the party and didn't go well with the spring rolls. 2/5Pig Out For Two: Their version of  chop shop meat at about 3 times the price. The best part was the crispy skin but the texture of the meat made it seem it was reconstituted and was mushy. The ginger and hot sauces were weak. My least favorite was the mushy, overly sweet peanut noodles on the side. If you have had good chop shop meat, then prepared to be disappointed. 2/5Beef Short Rib: There was nothing fusion about this dish and I think that's probably a good thing. The short ribs were as tender as they come and the flavor was pretty good. 4/5Rice with Kale, Sausage & Duck Fat: Their version of sticky rice. I have to say my aunt-in-law's version is much better and her's is more traditional. The biggest problem with this dish is that the rice was way overcooked had zero texture. 2/5Overall, I would say the food was disappointing but I can see how people might like it more than I did. I set the bar very high when it comes to some of those dishes. The service was excellent throughout. Our waitress was patient, helpful and our water glasses were constantly being refilled without asking for it. Unfortunately the food wasn't good enough to bring me back.FOOD: 3/5SERVICE: 5/5AMBIANCE & DECOR: 4/5VALUE: 3/5
Went here with friends during restaurant week and had high expectations of this little, cozy neighborhood restaurant.  First of all, it was totally overpriced!  Come on - $20 for a glass of simple Cabernet!! :(  My appetizer and main course contained no veggies whatsoever and I don't even recall seeing any on the main menu either.  The food was just okay  The service was slow and we actually got kicked out as soon as we had paid the bill as they needed the table for another party.  Very rude indeed.  I do not recommend Tuome.  There are much better options out there.
My mother was visiting me for the weekend, and Tuome, the brainchild of Thomas Chen (formerly of EMP) had been on my list for a while.  My mom likes to try new restaurants but only if they are good (pressure is on for me), but seeing the abundance of positive reviews and the fact that Tuome identifies itself as American with Asian influences, I thought this would be the perfect place to take her.  I came here with the intent of ordering the Pig Out for Two (hence a 6:30 seating time as I heard it can run out past 8PM) and LOVED it.  It is actually a ton of food - two bowls of spicy peanut noodles, and ten pieces of perfectly crisp and juicy pork belly cuts.  They provide ginger and hot sauce as well, which complimented the flavors very well.  Moreover, the noodles were delicious and I would come back for this alone.  I like my noodles chewy and theirs were perfect.  I honestly think the Pig Out for Two would have been enough food for the both of us as my mom is a very light eater, but my eyes are always bigger than my stomach and we started with the following apps: 1) Deviled eggs - I would get this again, and 2) Chicken liver - pass IMO.No dessert for us since under her watchful eye I felt pressured to skip it given Thanksgiving was the day before and I had stuffed myself then.  But the couple next to us got the beignets which looked wonderful - I am coming for these the next time I visit.
Service, atmosphere, and food were all spectacular. We ordered the octopus, fried deviled eggs, suckling pig with noodles, and the curry corn - with the curry corn being my favorite. The flavors were all so unique and rich with each dish so be prepared to get full. Also, the bar is liquor free with only wine/beer/sake. Was hoping for a cocktail but was happy to discover that their wine/sake mixed drinks were just as delicious.
Even on a Monday night, Tuome was crowded. We, unfortunately, arrived 30 minutes late but the host didn't have a problem seating us. The space is gorgeous, it's very minimal with exposed brick and a combination of dark and light wood furniture. The bathroom is VERY small. It's literally a closet, it actually might have been a closet at one point. We started with various glasses of wine, which were a little pricey. I had a glass of Riesling which was $13. Beet [$12]: I was impressed with this dish. These beets were easily the best I've ever had. They were so fresh and the candy cane pattern was beautiful. The abundance of quinoa deceived me into believing I was eating something healthy. This was a good thing since the portion was a hefty size. I could've eaten two more plates. Egg [$8]: An upscale deviled egg with an Asian twist.  I was pleased with the slight heat and the fried coating on the outside. There were three to an order. This was not enough. Beef [$29]: Wow. My dining companions and I were completely blown away by the short rib. Completely fork tender and melt in your mouth perfect, you didn't even need a knife. The sweet potato on the side was more of a puree than an actual vegetable. It really doesn't get any better than this. There's no dessert menu, you really only have the option of the Chinese Beignets which comes with caramel [in a squeeze bottle!!], ice cream [drizzled with fruit], and jam. They were kind of small but a nice P.S. after a wonderful meal. We split the bill unevenly, so I ended up paying about $60. Alcohol upped the bill but otherwise Tuome is very affordable and the quality is outstanding.
While I was very excited about eating at this restaurant tonight, I am very disappointed. After reading apparently an "ad" in Gothamist talking up Chinese New Year spots to celebrate, I was keen to try Tuome. The Gothamist ad listed this restaurant as a spot to that would have a special Dim Sum menu to celebrate the new year. Turns out, the "special " dim sum menu was simply two separate dim sum plates brought around, off the menu, by servers, at random moments throughout the meal. There was no menu stating what the special dishes were. This was deceptive advertising at its finest. I am deeply disappointed with Tuome and Gothamist for this bait and switch. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone
Made a reservation for two at 9pm on a Saturday night, but had to wait twenty minutes past our reserved time. They did keep us posted on the wait time throughout and was attentive while we waited. We ordered the oxtail and bone marrow spring roll to start, it was delicious and you can really taste the juicy and fat bone marrow. Then we had the pig out for two and a side of brussel sprouts. The pork belly was simply amazing, definitely one of the best I've ever had. Crispy, succulent, just the right amount of fat. The peanut noodles turned out to be lighter than I expected, but I thought the noodles were slightly too thick and too al dente. The brussel sprouts were tasty, but nothing to write home about. Overall a really good dining experience, definitely get the pig out for two!
Great surprise of restaurant. Made a last minute booking and was super impressed by the food. Very thoughtful dishes with creative layers of flavors and texture. Food is definitely targeted at the sophisticated palate. For starters we had the octopus, chicken liver and steak tartare. I'm still dreaming about the steak tartare - it's now on my top 3 favorites in the city. It's served with broccoli chips which adds a nice crunch to the super flavorful and perfect texture tartare. The chicken liver was okay but a little too sweet to my liking. Octopus with the potatoes served from a whip cream canister was also good. For mains we had the pork for two, the skate, Brussel sprouts and rice with kale and sausage. Pork was amazing, playful creation with the crunchy top and tender shredded bottom layer. Loved the chili garlic sauce. Skate was super delicious with a buttery creamy sauce. Brussel sprouts are a must (though maybe next time without the raisins. Great gem of a restaurant in east village.
KenScale: 8.0/10It's always hard to pull off the East-meets-the-West cuisine. While there may be some conceptual brilliance by combining the ingredients and flavor of two different worlds, the execution is easier said than done. I've always approached these types of "fusion" places with a bit of caution knowing that what sounds like a novel idea doesn't always pan out. At Tuome, Thomas Chen (a vet of Eleven Madison Park) has done a nice job of balancing both the concept and the execution. While many of the dishes looked inventive, they were also generally well-balanced in flavor and texture. I started out my dinner with a couple of appetizers. Octopus with pork XO, brown butter and fingerling potato was somewhat pedestrian despite my high expectations for how XO can add another dimension of flavor to octopus, but I liked oxtail spring roll with bone marrow and cumin, a pleasant dish each time I took a bite with rich flavor. The restaurant's signature dish is the so-called "Pig Out" for two that consists of ten pieces of Berkshire pork belly that came with spicy peanut noodle. Each piece was perfectly cooked without being too stuffy, and I savored every bite of the crispy edge and the soft meat. Spicy peanut noodle was also delicious, but I was a bigger fan of the rice side dish that came with Chinese sausage wrapped in kale. I generally don't like sticky rice, but this worked very well with the pork belly. Somehow, the meaty and sticky texture gave a unique sensation that I enjoyed very much. For dessert, Chinese beignet that you can combine with apple jam, vanilla ice cream, red bean paste and caramel was a delightful dish that ended my meal on the right note. The decor and vibe of the cozy dining room is pretty typical of a neighborhood restaurant in East Village. Getting a reservation wasn't particularly hard, although I think this place deserves more love. The restaurant has only beer and wine options, but a couple glasses of refreshing white wine worked pretty well with the dishes. Tuome is a welcome addition to the East Village and NYC dining scene, and I will definitely come back to try other inventive dishes coming out from the kitchen.
The food is delicious, great service, but pricey for small portions.  I will be going back soon!
service was very friendly, cocktails were awesome!! although the entire staff seemed nervous, almost scared to make mistakes. food was great, a bit salty - this is the first time i've been to this caliber of dining where the plates were seasoned this way. maybe we just dined on an "off" day. weird vibes all around.
Trekked out to Tuome for The Pig Out (For 2), because no journey is too far for bite-sized pork belly crisps sitting on a stone slab. The experience is a Brooklyn one with a Manhattan price tag, so don't make any fiscal assumptions based on the hipster milieu.Tuome's flavor profiles are likeable: sichuan chili, peanuty sauces, milk bread, duck fat. It will suit all taste-buds, making it a great joint to entertain guests (although not the right environment for serious, quiet conversations). The Chicken Liver is plated to hold a pool of NY maple syrup, and the taste is simple and refreshingly contemporary. The delicious, peanut noodles that come with The Pig Out can be overwhelmingly rich after a few bites; though a few bites of a lightly-dressed salad topped with seasonal fruit will help take the edge off. Make time for dessert and order the Chinese Beignets - which I'm sure every review below will vouch. The accompanying jams retain only a bit of sweetness to keep the dish mostly a savory experience. Hmm.. something about the soft, coiled texture of the beignets remind me of my childhood at Chinese-Korean restaurants. The menu is consistent, considering I haven't seen any changes in over a few months. So, keep reading all these reviews. They are still relevant.
The Pig Out (for two) was what we went to Tuome for and when we were seated at a table at 8pm, our server quickly informed us that they had run out of that popular dish. After just two hours! The opposite of the Guile theme flooded our minds, so we went back (!)...the very next day (!!)...because we're the most level-headed people ever...? We're probably just crazy. We went back right at 6pm the next night and were thanked profusely for coming back. We were even given complimentary glasses of white wine as a token of their appreciation which was such an unexpected, kind gesture. So, folks - go as close to opening time as possible if you're interested in getting the Pig Out. We started with the watermelon salad appetizer after an amazing amuse bouche of pickled papaya and tomatoes. The watermelon salad's four huge chunks of juicy, sweet watermelon were served on top of creamy ricotta with a generous sprinkle of crispy farro and a less generous sprinkle of chrysanthemum. This was a refreshing, summery appetizer, and the different textures worked so well together. We also ordered a side of corn topped with kaffir lime, curry, and crème fraiche. I couldn't really taste the curry, but it was a very rich, creamy dish. It was surprisingly quite large, though. Only for hungry folks!The Pig Out included pieces of cut Berkshire pork served with two condiments: a ginger scallion sauce in a mortar, and a lime sambal in a small squeeze bottle. There was also a small peach salad on the side with a scattering of wonderfully candied walnuts. The presentation was incredibly artistic and appetizing and I couldn't wait to dig in. Unfortunately, the pork pieces, though having been cooked for 15 hours, were not as soft as I had anticipated nor did they have an element of oomph I was looking for. There was a great crisp to the tops of them, but there seemed to be very little meat. Maybe I just like my meat a little fattier and less crispy? I did appreciate the flavorful condiments and the bowl of peanut noodles (two bowls came per order). Each spicy bowl was also very generous, so we definitely left stuffed. In true East Village form, Tuome has a rustic feel with one marvelous light fixture over the bar. Likelihood of another visit:Perhaps. I'd like to come back to try the other smaller dishes.
I REALLY wanted to like Tuome but it fell short of my expectations. Everything was wayyy too salty. I ordered the special for the day- soft shell crab appetizer and the pig out for 2. That with one glass of beer, our total came out to $94 something. The soft shell crab was crispy but, like I mentioned, too salty.  The pork was overcooked so it was dry and greasy. The noodles were delicious but the peanut sauce on it was also salty. If you've ever been to the fishball rice noodle cart in Chinatown on Canal and Centre St outside of the train station...the peanut sauce tastes exactly like theirs minus a hint of spice.
Come here and do the Pig Out for Two. It's hecka good. I could go into detail about how wholly well-constructed this dish is, but you should just eat it. Peanut noodles are chewy and rich and (maybe too) heavy, but you're a pig anyway, so enjoy. Also recommend the octopus appetizer (in a chunky xo sauce that I could've eaten by the bowlful). They do that BS thing where they siphen foam onto the dish in front of you, but I forgive them because it was some of the best octopus I've had in the city.I'm giving it four stars because there was only one other couple in the restaurant when I came in (at 8pm on a Thursday) and, besides the Blackstreet and Outkast soundtrack, it was painfully quiet for like half an hour. The space is beautiful though, really warmly-lit and perfect for a date, even though my date was a total dud. If you're into this whole large-format meal movement, this is the one you should try as soon as possible. I think this place will keep getting more hype-y, so get in while you can.
The creativity at Tuome is most notable. The chicken paté was topped with maple syrup which added a new dimension to the dish. Pig out was smaller than I expected but satisfying, the crunch in particular was very memorable. Ice cream beignet sandwiches for dessert were divine. Service was great, decor is trendy, dim-lit and quiet atmosphere.
Pig out was good kind of crunchy on the top which was unexpected. The noodles with peanut sauce that accompanied it were pretty tasty. I would go back.
I had read positive about Tuome since they opened not too long ago and made it a point to stop by for their famous "pig out for two" for dinner with a friend of mine. My friend and I had an early reservation (6pm) and were one of the first people in the restaurant which is quaint yet nicely appointed across two rooms. The entrance room has 2 window seats (we were in one - and yes it was a bit chillier there) and a small bar area while the adjoining room has only small tables. Our server was very warm and friendly and happy to be part of the Tuome team - apparently this was her first waiting tables gig and she shined at it. We ordered a bottle of wine to share - a rieseling - and decided to share a few things on the menu. After asking our server's opinion on which was better, we were a bit hard pressed to come up with our final choice (there were just too many things we wanted to try) but we decided on: the "hot small" mushroom app, the brussels sprout side and the pig out for two main entree. That was more than plenty of food for two people to share, and honestly, we could have been more than full if we skipped the brussel sprouts.Highlights: the mushroom hot appetizer was actually my favorite dish of the night. A variety of wild mushrooms served with a sixty minute egg (think a slow cooked perfectly poached egg). It was rich and delicious. I would go back purely to have this again. The peanut noodles which accompanied the pork belly in the entree my friend claimed to be some of the best she has ever eaten (she is far more a noodle aficionado than I am) and I can attest to their soft and stickiness, I don't have much to compare them to. Mediumlights: I appreciated the pig out for two's presentation - with the 10 peices of crispy pork belly lined up alongside a small salad and two sauce toppers - the pork was only okay. Unlike noodles, I have eaten my fare share of pork belly and I think what threw me most was the temperature of this. It was only luke warm, if that, on the plate and I felt as though the meat suffered a bit drying out as we ate it. Perhaps the drier, more crunchy texture is the restaurant's goal, and if so, then it just means it isn't a home run for my taste buds. The brussel sprouts were good and I enjoyed the addition of grapes to that dish - similar in shape yet completely different in texture and taste it gave the dish that extra mouth feel which I enjoyed. The XO sauce was understated, which I wished it not to be thus me putting it in the mediumlights section.Lowlights: The sauces with the pork belly I just did not understand. I actually felt like the dish stood better on its own with those sauces saved for a different dish or not used at all. Also, the draftiness of the seat in the window is a real thing and I did eat there in the middle of winter so I could have kept my coat on and been more (or less) comfortable.Would I return? Yes. Especially for those delectable mushrooms. I also am eager to try their version of deviled eggs (done backward) and the octopus appetizer. Our service was impeccable, the space is lovely and the menu is inventive enough. Congrats to Tuome on a job well done!
Everything we ordered was exciting and new! One of the best meals I've had in awhile and we both left happy and full. We started with the deviled eggs which was savory and spicy! It was a genius move to fry the egg white to give it a crunch. I ordered the chicken which was juicy, tender and fried to perfection over a sushi rice porridge and a grilled cabbage leaf. There was a sauce that was indescribably delicious as another layer of flavor. The BF ordered the skate which he loved as well.We're definitely going back for more soon!
Loved Tuome! My husband and I went here this weekend with another couple and it did not let us down! Everything we ordered was delicious. Deviled eggs were by far the best I have ever had. Octopus with potato foam was delicious, boys loved the chicken liver. We got the chicken and the pig out, both which I highly recommend but the pig out lives up to the hype. Pork belly was amazingly crispy and tender at the same time. Also delicious- rice with chinese sausage, mac and cheese and Brussel sprouts. Could have gone without the Yam tater tots but I think its just because we ordered too much food. They only have beer, sake and wine so be prepared for no mixed drinks but it didnt seem like anyone missed them. Definitely a great spot to put to the list!
The place is absolutely great. I highly recommend their snow crab Italian noodle. It is just tasty period.
Two words. Pig out. I would consider myself a pork connoisseur and the pig out for two is one if he best dishes of pork that I've had. Pork confit? Amazing. It's not fatty like most pork belly type dishes and the crackling is cooked to perfection. The side condiments definitely enhance the flavor if that's even possible! The side salad is pretty damn good too.  I would say I'm not a fan of the peanut noodle but my hubby liked it.Other dishes we had that we would recommend:- brussel sprouts- crab Mac n cheese- Chinese beignetsLoved the atmosphere and the staff were fantastic!
I came here for restaurant week with a couple of friends. I got there early and was able to take advantage of the happy hour (from 6pm-7pm), which includes $8 glasses of wine, choices of cocktails and also small apps. We all ordered the snow crab pasta, which was amazing. The crab was delicious and the pasta had such a great texture with the creamy sauce. I need to come back for this one! And the service was nice too. Our server was pretty attentive and explained the preparation of the entrees we had questions about. Really cute, cozy place!
Chef Thomas Chen, former 11 Madison Park alum strikes again!This time at the most iconic East Village spot, Tuome. I have to admit that I did my research ahead of time and glanced at the menu probably more than I needed to. It was easy to succumb to pretty much every picture and review of the "Pig Out" dish. And of course, we had to order that. In retrospect, the dish was more than enough food to order another entree, and yet we did anyway.Other notable dishes were the skatewing fish entree and the deviled egg with a twist. I'm not a big fan of either dishes, however Chef Thomas Chen's asian flair and influence made me into one. If you're ever in the mood for something eclectic, Tuome is your safest bet. Suggest making a ressie since this place has gone off the map! Thanks for keeping our stomachs full and eyes wandering for more.
Lived up to expectations. Trendy atmosphere and great Asian fusion dishes. On the pricier side but to get the most for your money I definitely recommend the pigout for two. The beef was delicious but small portions are a let down. Did not try the handcrafted cocktails but will the next time.Overall impressed and looking forward to trying the summer menu as well.
My bff... aka known as "my wife"... and I had been talking about coming here for months, but never got around to it (too many places, so little time)!  So on a rainy, cold night, we decided to tuck in and check it out.  Ordered the following:  chicken liver mousse (with ny maple), deviled eggs, and octopus as apps.  Then proceeded to select the pig for 2 and the sticky rice w/Chinese sausage in a lotus leaf, as our main entrees.  Waitress tried to suggest that we might have over-ordered... and we gently explained that we had zero interest in being skinny or sober during this meal!   Pig for 2 comes with bowls of peanut-sauce doused noodles.  We also had the Chinese Beignets for dessert.. and washed it all down with a lovely white wine.  Place is great.  Pretty affordable, as we ate the majority of the menu and had about 5 glasses of wine between the 2 of us... came to $185 or so.  Will definitely be back.  Unique selections and friendly staff.  Impressive.
Made a last minute reservation to try the restaurant week menu, this spot was on my list of places to try. Was offered a seat in between other diners, requested the one near the wall and the waitress obliged. (Why didn't they just offer the corner seat to begin with?) Food was great! Don't remember much about the cocktail but did order one to try. Definitely recommend!
It is 3.5 but I tend to leave it as 3 stars.Frankly, I was a bit disappointed. Prob because I had a high expectation based on the chef's background -EMP vet and Mike C's review. And probably because I picked the wrong seat - at the bar as I usually did when dinning alone: since the restaurant is small the kitchen entrance was right in front of me so the whole night I was watching people running around. Not what I expected while I want a peaceful dinner.I stop whining here, onto the food. Overall is good with space to improve. I got the watermelon salad with ricotta and crispy farros to start, which was one of the most creative dish of that night. The watermelon was, well, as watermelon should be - juicy, sweet and fresh, and perfectly balanced with the creamy ricotta and crunchy farro. Only small complaint, the chunk was too big that I had to cut it into 4 smaller squares. Not a deal breaker. I could not finish as I was saving space for the two small dish - softshell crab and octopus. The softshell crab looked lovely until I start cutting it - the batter was too thick and too crisp that I could not taste the crab at all. The burrata, as a side of the dish, however, was the highlight.  I had better softshell crab else where.  Charred octopus with pork xo, brown butter foam. This dish was well executed. The pork xo (I think is some sort fried beacon crumb) was slightly crunchy and very savory. The brown butter, rich and buttery. Good, but not good enough to draw me back on its own. Dessert, yeah they just added to the menu, was sundae with yuzu peel, berries. Honestly, passable. I do like the decor, especially the Edison light bulbs hanging in the dinning room. The vibe is typical alphabet city type, lively, eclectic. Service was attentive though felt lukewarm at times. One thing I want to call out, they did not recommend me to switch wine after the salad, though a good manager should know the food coming the table did not go well with the first wine I ordered. It was myself told them that I needed to switch wine. I am not trying to pick on anyone but a good restaurant should know that. Being new is not an excuse. All in all, was a fine. Since I have not tried any entree, I think I will give it a second try in the next month or two. PS it is small so make a reservation.
If u don't want to read the whole review here's what u need to know:- Get the pig out for two!! Plenty of food - two noodle bowls come with it. - Get the broccoli side - you won't regret it- Get the squash side if you want a fun flavor profile and a lightly sweet dish (not very sweet but it is butternut squash)- Get the draft beer! We had the racer 5Great intimate spot. The service here is wonderful. They are very attentive.We ordered the Persimmon small plate to start which was a nice light opener. We then shared the pig out for two which came with two noodle bowls and the best pork dish!! Each piece of pork was cooked perfectly. It was a slow cooked pork with a crispy top add some of the sauces and you're all set for some great bites. For sides we had the Broccoli which my husband cannot stop talking about, and the butternut squash side which was to die for!! It's a sweeter side topped with granola that is marinated in some type of love. To compliment I started off with a lovely white wine, and my husband had a great draft beer which I then had as second drink. The racer 5 draft.We didn't think we our appetites would be satisfied but we couldn't even bring ourselves to order dessert afterward. This was a definite return spot for us. Just delicious, romantic, and a flavor ride.
Just adding to all the great reviews. Ordered-Fried deviled eggsOctopusBeef tartarPork for 2Asian beignets So good.  Want more!
Do not miss the octopus starter! Very very tasty and delicious!!! Every dish we order were very interesting and delicious. All noodles are good especially the blue crab noodle. I will go back for more this wk. they make good drinks too. Service was stealth like, appear when needed. Very friendly and warm.
I'm already planning another date to come back. It was surprising how good every single dish that was on the menu. I came with a party of 5 and ordered almost the entire menu. I can't stop dreaming about the eggs and the chicken entree. There's great texture on most of the dishes and well balanced flavor. The kabocha squash was such a great combination of flavor. They were so unexpected. The lobster was SO delicious as well. Btw, ask and you shall receive. We got to meet the Chef! This is my new favorite spot in NYC.
Small restaurant, very East Village. Great food. The fried deviled eggs are to die for, and so are the snow crab noodles and kale rice. Wine list is very decent at reasonable prices. Highly recommend going.
The food is good is pretty good overall, maybe more like 4 stars. But for some reason I felt something was lacking. I had high expectations and overall it was a good experience, but don't think there's enough draw for me to go back.The apps were fantastic: we had the octopus and the crispy deviled eggs. My goodness. I've always loved deviled eggs - deep frying them just added another level. Don't miss this.  We had the pig out + 2 sides (yam tater tots and fried rice) for our main.  It was enough food for our party of 3 I felt.  I think the reason why I'm not giving this a higher rating was that the mains fell short. The dinner started so high with the apps but it was just ok when we got to mains.  The pork was good, but I wish it was an app, not a main. Just not something I want to eat more than a few bites. And the texture of the peanut noodles were great, but tasted like they were coated with peanut butter. Worth checking out but won't fall into a must go or into my routine of go to's.
A cute spot, filled with romantic couples (and blasting rock music). All we had was the Pig Out for two: very satisfying. I know, the $49 charge looks steep, but it's worth every penny. The noodles weren't as warm as I had expected, but they were still tasty. The pork belly was rich and succulent. I wasn't impressed with the other options on their menu, but this dish is very good.
Are my expectations too high or is everyone else in NYC brainwashed? Do yourself a favor and go to Chinatown for the same exact items in bigger portions for much cheaper prices.Food:- Pig for two. the pork came in 8 bite sized pieces. The pork ended up up feeling too heavy after two bites but I still felt like I got ripped off. For some reason I was imagining something more unique. The noodles were al dente which was slightly weird for an asian dish. - Octopus. Probably the smallest octopus plate I have ever had. The bacon and butter garnish made it taste amazing though.- Peashoots. I literally made this at home for $2.50 for 5x the portion size the night before.- Artichoke. Good but also nothing amazing.The redeeming  qualities to this place are the ambiance and service. It is definitely a date night place. Dim lighting, small intimate tables -- oo la la. Our waitress was also great and helpful for suggestions. Overall, it was a pleasant night but it really is overpriced for what seems to be unoriginal, small portions. If you have money to blow, enjoy!
Early Wednesday night dinner choice was to try Tuome cause 1) past kitchen credentials of chef 2) passed by last week & was inviting c) menu was intriguing. We tend to have a smaller appetite than most so we went in focused. The menu had a lot of choices for the adventurous. So we (2 diners) chose the watermelon & chicken liver starters. These were preceded by their amuse bouche of green papaya with tomatoes salad. Great & refreshing.The cold starters were fresh & delighted our palate with contrasts. Watermelon with ricotts & hint of mint was lovely. Then to switch to the savory chicken liver mousse was so enjoyable, probably because we love chicken livers. But to combine bits of garlic, pumpkin seeds & salt was a little work to get us thinking.The main came, their short rib with sweet potato puree (so yummy) and shishito peppers. This was a delicate short rib but we wished for more puree!!! We also ordered 2 sides which were their corn in curry yogurt and sticky rice with kake & chinese sausage. The corn had an unexpected twist with the curry yogurt but we were more surprised with the hint of heat in the rice. We asked and it was sambal lime!! I love spicy so this was a baby kick that we didnt mind at all. Their dessert choice seemed like an afterthought. It was vanilla ice cream with seasonal berries and what tasted like kumquat syrup. It was refreshing because it was a 90 degree day (we chose a dry rose bottle for that reason) but was just enough to share. I ended up eating most of it because i wasnt as full (ahem).All in all, we were happy with our dining experience and hope people dont catch on so this place stays airy & relaxed.
Good food and great service for a take on modern Asian cuisine. Portions are small tapas size so be sure to order more. Order the pig in advance. However honestly if I want real Asian food this doesn't hit the spot. Nice decor but tables are a bit close together and a little cramped
Tuome came highly recommended to me (personally in addition to by yelp). While I did have a positive dining experience there, I'm not sure it quite lived up to the expectations. While most dishes hit the spot standalone, the overall meal felt a little heavy, with almost every dish having been rich, with some combination of cream and fat featuring prominently. It might have been a fault in my ordering, but I personally would have preferred that they strayed a little to the lighter side, for at least some of their dishes. Heres what we had:1) Fried deviled eggs. These were fried, and had a delicious spicy topping. Totally hit the spot.2) Octopus. This was probably my biggest disappointment of the night. Frying up the oyster was a little unnecessary; it is most often found grilled, and frankly, i think it tastes better that way. The crispy pork XO accoutrement was tasty (but also fried). The fancy, out of a canister, mashed potatoes was also tasty but ridiculously heavy. My fellow diner commented that it tasted like more butter than potatoes.3) Pig Out. This dish was fun to order and fun to eat. The servings of the berkshire pork were plentiful - the ~10 pieces may not look like a lot but the indulgent fattiness of the dish (starting to see a pattern?) made it hard to eat more than 3-4 without feeling totally sated. The spicy toppings paired very well with it, and the peanut noodles were also solid. Overall a good dish, but I would much rather share with a larger party.4) Side of pea shoots. This is a great vegetable and Tuome does it well. Pricing might be a bit high for a veggie side, but pea shoots are always on the pricier side.Overall, the menu had enough enticing options that I wouldnt be surprised if I find myself back there, but my preference for next time would be to go with a larger group so I can (1) try more options, and (2) not have to take down quite as much of those larger, more indulgent, dishes.
Loved Tuome! My husband and I went here this weekend with another couple and it did not let us down! Everything we ordered was delicious. Deviled eggs were by far the best I have ever had. Octopus with potato foam was delicious, boys loved the chicken liver. We got the chicken and the pig out, both which I highly recommend but the pig out lives up to the hype. Pork belly was amazingly crispy and tender at the same time. Also delicious- rice with chinese sausage, mac and cheese and Brussel sprouts. Could have gone without the Yam tater tots but I think its just because we ordered too much food. They only have beer, sake and wine so be prepared for no mixed drinks but it didnt seem like anyone missed them. Definitely a great spot to put to the list!
The place is absolutely great. I highly recommend their snow crab Italian noodle. It is just tasty period.
Two words. Pig out. I would consider myself a pork connoisseur and the pig out for two is one if he best dishes of pork that I've had. Pork confit? Amazing. It's not fatty like most pork belly type dishes and the crackling is cooked to perfection. The side condiments definitely enhance the flavor if that's even possible! The side salad is pretty damn good too.  I would say I'm not a fan of the peanut noodle but my hubby liked it.Other dishes we had that we would recommend:- brussel sprouts- crab Mac n cheese- Chinese beignetsLoved the atmosphere and the staff were fantastic!
I came here for restaurant week with a couple of friends. I got there early and was able to take advantage of the happy hour (from 6pm-7pm), which includes $8 glasses of wine, choices of cocktails and also small apps. We all ordered the snow crab pasta, which was amazing. The crab was delicious and the pasta had such a great texture with the creamy sauce. I need to come back for this one! And the service was nice too. Our server was pretty attentive and explained the preparation of the entrees we had questions about. Really cute, cozy place!
Chef Thomas Chen, former 11 Madison Park alum strikes again!This time at the most iconic East Village spot, Tuome. I have to admit that I did my research ahead of time and glanced at the menu probably more than I needed to. It was easy to succumb to pretty much every picture and review of the "Pig Out" dish. And of course, we had to order that. In retrospect, the dish was more than enough food to order another entree, and yet we did anyway.Other notable dishes were the skatewing fish entree and the deviled egg with a twist. I'm not a big fan of either dishes, however Chef Thomas Chen's asian flair and influence made me into one. If you're ever in the mood for something eclectic, Tuome is your safest bet. Suggest making a ressie since this place has gone off the map! Thanks for keeping our stomachs full and eyes wandering for more.
Lived up to expectations. Trendy atmosphere and great Asian fusion dishes. On the pricier side but to get the most for your money I definitely recommend the pigout for two. The beef was delicious but small portions are a let down. Did not try the handcrafted cocktails but will the next time.Overall impressed and looking forward to trying the summer menu as well.
My bff... aka known as "my wife"... and I had been talking about coming here for months, but never got around to it (too many places, so little time)!  So on a rainy, cold night, we decided to tuck in and check it out.  Ordered the following:  chicken liver mousse (with ny maple), deviled eggs, and octopus as apps.  Then proceeded to select the pig for 2 and the sticky rice w/Chinese sausage in a lotus leaf, as our main entrees.  Waitress tried to suggest that we might have over-ordered... and we gently explained that we had zero interest in being skinny or sober during this meal!   Pig for 2 comes with bowls of peanut-sauce doused noodles.  We also had the Chinese Beignets for dessert.. and washed it all down with a lovely white wine.  Place is great.  Pretty affordable, as we ate the majority of the menu and had about 5 glasses of wine between the 2 of us... came to $185 or so.  Will definitely be back.  Unique selections and friendly staff.  Impressive.
Made a last minute reservation to try the restaurant week menu, this spot was on my list of places to try. Was offered a seat in between other diners, requested the one near the wall and the waitress obliged. (Why didn't they just offer the corner seat to begin with?) Food was great! Don't remember much about the cocktail but did order one to try. Definitely recommend!
It is 3.5 but I tend to leave it as 3 stars.Frankly, I was a bit disappointed. Prob because I had a high expectation based on the chef's background -EMP vet and Mike C's review. And probably because I picked the wrong seat - at the bar as I usually did when dinning alone: since the restaurant is small the kitchen entrance was right in front of me so the whole night I was watching people running around. Not what I expected while I want a peaceful dinner.I stop whining here, onto the food. Overall is good with space to improve. I got the watermelon salad with ricotta and crispy farros to start, which was one of the most creative dish of that night. The watermelon was, well, as watermelon should be - juicy, sweet and fresh, and perfectly balanced with the creamy ricotta and crunchy farro. Only small complaint, the chunk was too big that I had to cut it into 4 smaller squares. Not a deal breaker. I could not finish as I was saving space for the two small dish - softshell crab and octopus. The softshell crab looked lovely until I start cutting it - the batter was too thick and too crisp that I could not taste the crab at all. The burrata, as a side of the dish, however, was the highlight.  I had better softshell crab else where.  Charred octopus with pork xo, brown butter foam. This dish was well executed. The pork xo (I think is some sort fried beacon crumb) was slightly crunchy and very savory. The brown butter, rich and buttery. Good, but not good enough to draw me back on its own. Dessert, yeah they just added to the menu, was sundae with yuzu peel, berries. Honestly, passable. I do like the decor, especially the Edison light bulbs hanging in the dinning room. The vibe is typical alphabet city type, lively, eclectic. Service was attentive though felt lukewarm at times. One thing I want to call out, they did not recommend me to switch wine after the salad, though a good manager should know the food coming the table did not go well with the first wine I ordered. It was myself told them that I needed to switch wine. I am not trying to pick on anyone but a good restaurant should know that. Being new is not an excuse. All in all, was a fine. Since I have not tried any entree, I think I will give it a second try in the next month or two. PS it is small so make a reservation.
If u don't want to read the whole review here's what u need to know:- Get the pig out for two!! Plenty of food - two noodle bowls come with it. - Get the broccoli side - you won't regret it- Get the squash side if you want a fun flavor profile and a lightly sweet dish (not very sweet but it is butternut squash)- Get the draft beer! We had the racer 5Great intimate spot. The service here is wonderful. They are very attentive.We ordered the Persimmon small plate to start which was a nice light opener. We then shared the pig out for two which came with two noodle bowls and the best pork dish!! Each piece of pork was cooked perfectly. It was a slow cooked pork with a crispy top add some of the sauces and you're all set for some great bites. For sides we had the Broccoli which my husband cannot stop talking about, and the butternut squash side which was to die for!! It's a sweeter side topped with granola that is marinated in some type of love. To compliment I started off with a lovely white wine, and my husband had a great draft beer which I then had as second drink. The racer 5 draft.We didn't think we our appetites would be satisfied but we couldn't even bring ourselves to order dessert afterward. This was a definite return spot for us. Just delicious, romantic, and a flavor ride.
Just adding to all the great reviews. Ordered-Fried deviled eggsOctopusBeef tartarPork for 2Asian beignets So good.  Want more!
Do not miss the octopus starter! Very very tasty and delicious!!! Every dish we order were very interesting and delicious. All noodles are good especially the blue crab noodle. I will go back for more this wk. they make good drinks too. Service was stealth like, appear when needed. Very friendly and warm.
I'm already planning another date to come back. It was surprising how good every single dish that was on the menu. I came with a party of 5 and ordered almost the entire menu. I can't stop dreaming about the eggs and the chicken entree. There's great texture on most of the dishes and well balanced flavor. The kabocha squash was such a great combination of flavor. They were so unexpected. The lobster was SO delicious as well. Btw, ask and you shall receive. We got to meet the Chef! This is my new favorite spot in NYC.
Small restaurant, very East Village. Great food. The fried deviled eggs are to die for, and so are the snow crab noodles and kale rice. Wine list is very decent at reasonable prices. Highly recommend going.
The food is good is pretty good overall, maybe more like 4 stars. But for some reason I felt something was lacking. I had high expectations and overall it was a good experience, but don't think there's enough draw for me to go back.The apps were fantastic: we had the octopus and the crispy deviled eggs. My goodness. I've always loved deviled eggs - deep frying them just added another level. Don't miss this.  We had the pig out + 2 sides (yam tater tots and fried rice) for our main.  It was enough food for our party of 3 I felt.  I think the reason why I'm not giving this a higher rating was that the mains fell short. The dinner started so high with the apps but it was just ok when we got to mains.  The pork was good, but I wish it was an app, not a main. Just not something I want to eat more than a few bites. And the texture of the peanut noodles were great, but tasted like they were coated with peanut butter. Worth checking out but won't fall into a must go or into my routine of go to's.
A cute spot, filled with romantic couples (and blasting rock music). All we had was the Pig Out for two: very satisfying. I know, the $49 charge looks steep, but it's worth every penny. The noodles weren't as warm as I had expected, but they were still tasty. The pork belly was rich and succulent. I wasn't impressed with the other options on their menu, but this dish is very good.
Are my expectations too high or is everyone else in NYC brainwashed? Do yourself a favor and go to Chinatown for the same exact items in bigger portions for much cheaper prices.Food:- Pig for two. the pork came in 8 bite sized pieces. The pork ended up up feeling too heavy after two bites but I still felt like I got ripped off. For some reason I was imagining something more unique. The noodles were al dente which was slightly weird for an asian dish. - Octopus. Probably the smallest octopus plate I have ever had. The bacon and butter garnish made it taste amazing though.- Peashoots. I literally made this at home for $2.50 for 5x the portion size the night before.- Artichoke. Good but also nothing amazing.The redeeming  qualities to this place are the ambiance and service. It is definitely a date night place. Dim lighting, small intimate tables -- oo la la. Our waitress was also great and helpful for suggestions. Overall, it was a pleasant night but it really is overpriced for what seems to be unoriginal, small portions. If you have money to blow, enjoy!
Early Wednesday night dinner choice was to try Tuome cause 1) past kitchen credentials of chef 2) passed by last week & was inviting c) menu was intriguing. We tend to have a smaller appetite than most so we went in focused. The menu had a lot of choices for the adventurous. So we (2 diners) chose the watermelon & chicken liver starters. These were preceded by their amuse bouche of green papaya with tomatoes salad. Great & refreshing.The cold starters were fresh & delighted our palate with contrasts. Watermelon with ricotts & hint of mint was lovely. Then to switch to the savory chicken liver mousse was so enjoyable, probably because we love chicken livers. But to combine bits of garlic, pumpkin seeds & salt was a little work to get us thinking.The main came, their short rib with sweet potato puree (so yummy) and shishito peppers. This was a delicate short rib but we wished for more puree!!! We also ordered 2 sides which were their corn in curry yogurt and sticky rice with kake & chinese sausage. The corn had an unexpected twist with the curry yogurt but we were more surprised with the hint of heat in the rice. We asked and it was sambal lime!! I love spicy so this was a baby kick that we didnt mind at all. Their dessert choice seemed like an afterthought. It was vanilla ice cream with seasonal berries and what tasted like kumquat syrup. It was refreshing because it was a 90 degree day (we chose a dry rose bottle for that reason) but was just enough to share. I ended up eating most of it because i wasnt as full (ahem).All in all, we were happy with our dining experience and hope people dont catch on so this place stays airy & relaxed.
Good food and great service for a take on modern Asian cuisine. Portions are small tapas size so be sure to order more. Order the pig in advance. However honestly if I want real Asian food this doesn't hit the spot. Nice decor but tables are a bit close together and a little cramped
Tuome came highly recommended to me (personally in addition to by yelp). While I did have a positive dining experience there, I'm not sure it quite lived up to the expectations. While most dishes hit the spot standalone, the overall meal felt a little heavy, with almost every dish having been rich, with some combination of cream and fat featuring prominently. It might have been a fault in my ordering, but I personally would have preferred that they strayed a little to the lighter side, for at least some of their dishes. Heres what we had:1) Fried deviled eggs. These were fried, and had a delicious spicy topping. Totally hit the spot.2) Octopus. This was probably my biggest disappointment of the night. Frying up the oyster was a little unnecessary; it is most often found grilled, and frankly, i think it tastes better that way. The crispy pork XO accoutrement was tasty (but also fried). The fancy, out of a canister, mashed potatoes was also tasty but ridiculously heavy. My fellow diner commented that it tasted like more butter than potatoes.3) Pig Out. This dish was fun to order and fun to eat. The servings of the berkshire pork were plentiful - the ~10 pieces may not look like a lot but the indulgent fattiness of the dish (starting to see a pattern?) made it hard to eat more than 3-4 without feeling totally sated. The spicy toppings paired very well with it, and the peanut noodles were also solid. Overall a good dish, but I would much rather share with a larger party.4) Side of pea shoots. This is a great vegetable and Tuome does it well. Pricing might be a bit high for a veggie side, but pea shoots are always on the pricier side.Overall, the menu had enough enticing options that I wouldnt be surprised if I find myself back there, but my preference for next time would be to go with a larger group so I can (1) try more options, and (2) not have to take down quite as much of those larger, more indulgent, dishes.
What a fantastic gem of a place! The menu at Tuome is concise and tight, and to good end since every item on the menu beckons at me and every dish I ordered did not result in regret. The food is New American with a tinge of Asian - they either have an Asian staple (the chicken with porridge), an Asian ingredient (soft shell crab) or an Asian spice (beef with shishito).The space is small and cozy, and seats probably 20 people. The tables are a tad bit small, especially when the menu lends itself better to sharing a bunch of small plates, but I guess we always make do with the restrictions imposed upon us. The prices are reasonable for the meal - expect to pay $23-$28 for an entree.On to the food! Everything was good, but because some dishes were better than others, a few dishes paled in comparison but they were by no means of inferior quality.I loved the sweetness the maple syrup brought to the classic starter of chicken liver mousse, but pace yourself as it's a pretty rich dish. The soft shell crab was plenty light and crispy with a tangy lime sauce that went along with it. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the foie gras sauce was so rich and delicious. I also had the bone marrow oxtail spring rolls, but I'm not that fond of deep fried stuffed sticks in a nice restaurant.You can imagine, by this point, the amount of fat and cholesterol were getting to me and I could barely chow down the creme fraiche corn even though it was tasty. I look forward to coming back again when the menu is refreshed for the next season - I'm sure many more culinary delights await.
Fantastic food and drinks, and helpful service. We live nearby and called ahead without reservations, and they held seats at the bar for 10 minutes for us. The confit Berkshire pork for two was unique and very good.
I was really excited to try this place after looking at all of the pig for two pictures on yelp.  Came here for a celebratory dinner with the boyfriend and we got the following:Fried Devil Eggs - boyfriends favorite Pig Out for Two with the two bowls of spicy peanut noodles - pork's skin was perfectly crispy and the portion was more than enough. It's also served with a nice little arugula salad too.Massaman Corn - Since I liked curry it was a nice unique combinationBrussel Sprouts I really wanted to order all the sides because they looked so good.  So if we go back, definitely getting the pea shoots and the duck fat fried rice ahhh drool.
Loved this place.  Hidden gem.  My husband said it was one of the best meals he's had in the last year.
A great meal! The octopus with XO sauce is a must. The newly added crab pasta is divine. I can eat that everyday. The skin on the pork platter for two was super crispy that even I ate it, and I never eat skin. The rice with sausage side was also great. The only thing we didn't really like was the steak tartare.
We had a dinner on Christmas Day. The place is cozy and nice, the service was friendly and professional, the food was yummy and creative, the highlight was Quail and noodle which came with Pig out for two. We liked the taste of everything but unfortunately didn't feel well afterwards because of the high amounts of fat in every dish we tried. But still would come back and would recommend this place to foodies.
I came here with a group of friends. Place was cozy. Food was okay. Had  two pig out for 2 with peanut noodles, beef tartare, fried devil eggs, octopus, red wine sangria. The sangria was a bit watered down for me, the pig out seemed like something you can get at a Chinese spot and was overpriced. The fried devil eggs was bland. The peanut noodles was a bit on the heavy side. The rice with duck fat seemed like something you can get at a dim sum restaurant and was nothing out of the ordinary. The only dish I loved was the beef tartare.
The food at Tuome was delicious, the staff was great, and I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere.  I have a couple of small nits, but they are certainly insignificant relative to how wonderful the evening turned out.  The food at Tuome is new American with Asian influence, but the fusion doesn't feel forced; instead, the Asian flavors accent the food instead of overwhelming it.  I will definitely be returning.Three of us dined there on a Friday night and decided to eat everything family style, which is always my preference because I think it gives you a feel for a restaurant in just one meal.  The place is small but not too small and the vibe is intimate, though not too intimate as the lighting was just right.  The hip vibe and modern music are a great metaphor for the style of food Chef Chen prepares.  Speaking of food, I'll run through the courses we ordered below:Small:Egg [deviled, crispy, chili] - This was my favorite bite of food of the night.  It had texture, it had spice, and the flavor was addictive.  Three of them for $8 is such a good deal that we ordered another one.Octopus [pork XO, brown butter, fingerling potato] - I would have liked to have seen a little more octopus served with this dish for $18.  In addition, the smaller end of the octopus tentacle was slightly overcooked.  That being said, the thicker part of the tentacle was tender and delicious.  I was worried the brown butter espuma might fall flat, but the flavor was on point and added an interesting sweet element to the dish.Tartare [wagyu beef, three hour yolk, lemongrass] - The tartare was a solid dish.  It wasn't my favorite and it maybe wasn't as interesting as some of the others, but it was a good dishBig:Chicken [gem lettuce, basil, porridge] - My favorite of the the large plates.  The chicken was perfectly juicy and the rice porridge was delicious.  Nom.Veal [asparagus, lapsang souchong, shishito] - The veal was unbelievably tender and I happen to be a big fan of shishito peppers, which I thought went well with the rich sauce.Duck [pea shoot, grapefruit, chinkiang] - This was my least favorite dish, but it says something that I still quite liked it.  The grapefruit sauce is an interesting twist which my companions fell in love with, but which I didn't enjoy as much.  Sides:Brussels sprout [grape, pork xo, raisin] - The sweet grape and raisin flavors combined with the sprouts were dynamite.  The textural and temperature component of the grape contrasted perfectly with the crispy sprouts.Rice [kale, chinese sausage, duck fat] - A simple dish that Chef Chen executed perfectly.  It was super comforting and I want to have a giant tub of it in my fridge at all times. Dessert:Beignets [vanilla ice cream, caramel, berries] - A finish to the meal which didn't disappoint.  The beignets were crunchy but not dry and paired with the other components; the salty caramel and sweet berries balanced really well.Critiques:1) The music was too loud when we arrived (we were seated directly under the speaker), but they lowered it a touch for us and was a non-issue after that.2) The menu, particularly the drink menu, was too minimalist for my preference.  There is only one dessert on the menu (the beignets), and there are only four choices for cocktails.   The Fire in the Sky was good but not great, although $12 is a nice price point.  3) The service could have been tighter.  Our waitress knocked over the table ornament at one point, the server accidentally slammed the espuma cannister into the table while serving tableside, and there were a few times our water glasses were left empty a little too long.  Everyone was so lovely throughout the meal, though, that it's easy to forget these absolutely minor criticisms.If the above are the only negatives you can see by now why this was such an excellent meal.  I need to go back and try the Pig-Out for two, and I'm dying to know  about the liver mousse.  Until next time, then.
Although the food was delicious, everything else was pretty lame. The waitress was clueless. She took our orders then came back later to take them again.The ambience was cozy, but who the hell is picking the music? Bee Gees, Whitney Houston, Dolly Parton, and Johnny Cash, really? I'm trying to have a romantic dinner with my wife, and I have to hear Cocaine Blues ("I took a shot of cocaine, and I shot my woman down")!We order the check, and she responds by asking what we'd like for dessert!I never thought I'd throw down $140 for a dinner for two in Alphabet City especially at a place next to housing projects.There are a dozen better places in the neighborhood, keep walking!
This place is amazing!! I've eaten at a lot of places and have to say that this place may be one of my favorites in NYC.I came here to catch-up with a good friend on Friday night. The weather was pretty bad outside as it was the first day of spring and it was still blizzarding like crazy. I was not in the best of moods when I sat down, so I ordered one of their spicy cocktails. Not only was the cocktail very pretty looking -- white with a thin, purple layer at the top -- it was also uniquely flavored -- a hint of sweetness with a little kick to it.For a appetizer, my friend and I ordered the crispy deviled eggs. Holy crap. The eggs were soooo good -- the outside was perfectly crispy and the inside was creamy. We were given 3 halfs, but I definitely could've eaten more.For the entree, we decided to be a bit gluttonous and get the pork belly meal for 2. We were scared the pork belly would be too heavy, but it was definitely not the case. The pork belly came cut into 10 perfectly bite-sized pieces. The top layer of the pork belly was crisped to a perfection and the bottom part was succulent and juicy -- I couldn't taste or see that much fat at all. The meat came with a salad and some flavorful peanut noodles.Since we were already being fatties, we decided to go all the way and order the Chinese Beignets. These look more like fried mantous (Chinese steamed buns) than normal beignets and tasted heavenly. The outside was perfectly crisp and the inside was soft and fluffy. The beignets also came with a marmalade, red bean ice cream, and another type of sauce.Overall, the experience was amazing and made me realize that there are still decently priced, unique-tasting restaurants in NYC.
I went twice. Once with a friend and another time for a friend's birthday dinner. We had pigout to share, deviled eggs, brussel spouts and tuna appetizer. Brussel sprouts were fried and had a funky bitterness to them. Tuna was good but the waiter brought a tiny portion of chips with it. It was like 6! chips for the 4 of us. He also didn't quite get why we asked to get some more. I normally wouldn't order deviled eggs but since there were so many good reviews I decided to give it a try. They were nothing special. The pigout was tasty. I liked it better without any condiments though. It comes with noodles. I really disliked it. It was too chewy, too much peanut sauce and didn't compliment the dish at all. It's also not that big. If you're planning on sharing definitely order something else.
This is an excellent restaurant to come to when you want to feel like a gluttonous heathen. If you don't, good luck with making a decision on which one of the excellent menu options to cut --everything is insanely delicious.Between the four of us, we ordered the following:ALL THE SMALL PLATES-watermelon w/ ricotta and crispy farro - refreshing and texturally interesting, will be balls to the wall with watermelon in the height of summer-deviled egg - why are all deviled eggs not deep fried?? Shouldn't there be a Nobel prize for this?-chicken liver mousse - the crunchy little milk bread bits on top once more proving savory granola is awesome-octopus- this and the beef tartare are probably the only two small plates that didn't wow me; both are good and cooked very well but after the bomb dot com experience of the other dishes, I was a little bored-soft shell crab w burrata and heirloom tomatoes-I would like to eat this every single day of the summer Big plates-duck w chinkiang vinegar- perfectly cooked duck and is there a better vinegar than chinkiang? This is where the Chinese  really got it right-veal w lapsang and shishito - baby cow and Chinese sausage. If you don't like this, we can't be friends.- and finally, the acclaimed pig out for two- this is worth all the hype. How crispy they manage to get the pork skin is the stuff that put astronauts on the moon and the peanut noodles are so chewy-al dente I almost cried.I know, I know- I'm disgusting.
As a northwestern Chinese girl, I cringe when I hear about Chinese "fusion" restaurants. I've been happily proven wrong by Tuome. Miraculously, Tuome has found a way to balance East and West, elevating both without diluting either. On my first visit, my three friends and I ordered the entire menu. and we couldn't find fault with anything. On my second visit, we decided to wield a little more self control (but not much more). Again, everything was perfection. If you are reading this, stop reading and book a reservation! And just order the entire menu!!
Everything was excellent... we were 10 and the service was impecable ask for Brandon...
Best meal I've had in NYC. Small place that takes reservations. Give a try. Enjoy.5 stars: deviled eggs5 stars: short ribs5 stars: pig for two5 stars: fried rice5 stars: brussels sprouts4 stars: chicken4 stars: beats3 stars: oxtail spring rolls
This place is super good. The Decour and atmosphere is really nice it's a great place for a date or a double date. My wife and I came here just for appetizers but we will come back again for entrées as well. My only gripe is that for the price the dishes are quite tiny. The entrées are really small for the price. But the food quality is outstanding. We came here strictly for the chicken liver mousse, there are not many places in Manhattan that have chicken liver mousse so we ventured to alphabet city just for the highly acclaimed mousse. And it did not disappoint. It was actually better than the chicken liver mousse that they serve at Butter, as it was too salty at Butter but great as well. Watermelon with ricotta was refreshing especially after the awesome spicy fried deviled eggs.
our service was top notch and the pig out was SO good! I would recommend trying a few of the cocktails...my bf and i tried four all together and we were not disappointed by one:)
I love this place because the waiter Amanda offers transcendent wisdom to her customers. She changed my life. The food is fine, too.
Really solid addition to the neighborhood, the food is quite unique and very well executed. Made a reservation for a Thursday night dinner which was very easy through OpenTable. We were sat pretty quickly once we arrived. Server was very friendly and suggested a really nice Finger Lakes red wine that we loved. Decided to order the deviled eggs), Pig Out for 2 and the brussel sprouts as a side. I really enjoyed the eggs and the brussel sprouts. Both unique flavors, textures, etc. and really tasty. Loved how the egg whites of the deviled eggs were crusted in panko and fried. The pig out was good as well - pork was incredibly well cooked and super crispy on top and rich and tender on the bottom. The peanut noodles were just OK for me, I thought they were slathered in a bit too much sauce, but the first few bites were definitely tasty.Overall, definitely worth a try and looking forward to seeing how the menu evolves as well.
One of the best restaurant experiences in recent memory. My boyfriend and I went, as we had heard about the "Pig Out for Two" and knew we wanted to share that. It more than lived up to the hype, and the pork just may have been the most well-prepared piece of meat I've ever eaten. We were each given a good-sized bowl of addictive peanut noodles, and while I'm someone who rarely orders the same thing twice, I don't think I could return to Tuome without getting this dish. It's just that good. We also shared some smaller sides, including the tasty toast with chicken liver mousse, and the most delicious corn with lime, curry and creme fraiche. I'm not a big fan of corn, but I could have eaten a whole bowl of this by myself. The space is intimate without being too precious, and the service was professional but friendly. I would come back in a second and order the "Pig Out" and maybe try some of their other small dishes or desserts. GO!
