Not sure what all the hype is about but this place was not good. Maybe we just went here on a bad day or maybe it's just me and my wife. We tried a few of the dumpling dishes, Szechuan Cucumber, and the Crispy Garlic chicken. Each dish was either way too salty or way too spicy. We eat spicy food all the time and there is a difference between spicy that adds to the flavor and spicy that doesn't allow you to taste or even eat the food. Not a fan of giving 2 star reviews but I got to keep it real. I guess back to Flushing and Chinatown for dumplings.
I just ordered from this restaurant for the first time for delivery. I ordered the Dan Dan Egg Noodle. It couldn't have been more disappointing. As you can see from the picture, it is all noodle. The picture on Caviar did not even remotely resemble what we received. Utterly disappointing. The dumplings were a bit overcooked, but the flavor was good, particularly with the sauce. Spring rolls had very nice flavor.  Still I will never order from here again.
Update: so, we went a second time for a Saturday early dinner and the place was a little packed and loud. But, the staff was still so so lovely! They took time to explain and answer questions. Food was prepared quickly. Again we got the long green beans and eggplant, we also got these little shrimp toasts which were super buttery. I really enjoy going there it's such a lovely place!
Delicious. I love this place! I had an eggplant dish - five stars! The hostess was sweet as pie too. I'm gonna come back for sure. I like that it's off the beaten path, sort of tucked away. Great interiors as well, with decent prices.
Have been here multiple times since my first visit. Still can't believe the dim sum supper is such a great experience. After having tried a larger selection. The long dumplings, the bok choy dumplings and the sesame noodles are my stand out wins. The soup dumplings are worth ordering in addition!The drinks are expensive, small, not very effective and therefore not really worth it to me. The last time our eggplant was not dried out enough prior to cooking so when cooked was very watery (I assume that was the mishap). Mistakes happen, and I've had it 2 other times where they were fine. Hopefully not a consistent issue.
I have never written a poor Yelp review but I was treated so poorly during my last visit, I just had to. While the food here is hit or miss depending on the day, the service is ALWAYS  a miss. I've come to Kings Co more times than I'd like to admit with the hopes of having a better experience but it always disappoints. They do not take reservations, so they claim. Not the case if you are friends with the hostess or bartender. I was told the bar was on a first come basis but when we tried to sit, we were pushed out of the way for a couple who "left their name at the bar for seating..." an option that was not offered when I arrived. The booths were reserved for parties of 4 or more but a group of three who arrived after we did were seated immediately (after an overly familiar greeting from the hostess). We also noticed another group of three seated by the booth by the door while we stood around waiting to be seated.This place seats and serves as they see fit, and don't bother asking to speak to the manager who is  constantly running around too busy to be bothered. If you're looking for less than stellar dining experience with a staff who prefers to stick to their own kind, then KCI is def your go to.
Absolutely awful experience eating here.  We've ordered online from this place and the food came always nice and hot and the food integrity was intact for delivery but dining in was quite unpleasant. First off the music was ridiculously loud which for a dine-in establishment was really annoying. The loud music really didn't fit in with my expectations for a nice Chinese dinner and I know that these guys are trying to be a upscale and hip and cool but it actually got quite the opposite effect by going over the top. We got the spring rolls which shrimp, the hot soup dumplings,the shrimp bread, and the the pork ribs and everything felt so greasy and gross that I actually got sick from it and upset stomach that night. I got a funky aftertaste when I ate the spring rolls but thought to myself there is no way the food here isn't fresh so I kept on eating them. No way to know but my stomach ache later proved something was not right - and I'm not someone who gets food poisoning EVER. Oh, and the chairs were uber uncomfortable, the table was unstable and shaking like there's an earthquake. All in all, very disappointing and I certainly am scarred enough from this experience to know not to be back here.
Cute atmosphere. Strong drinks. The food is very well seasoned. Good portions. The only constructive criticism I have is the speed and order on which the food comes out. It was so slow and some of the dishes would have complemented others had they come out close in time. I would return to try it again.
Third time at Kings and all have been very positive experiences. The space is beautiful, the servers are upbeat and respectful, and the food is stellar. They put a lot of thought into their ingredients and the results are well assembled dishes that have an interesting flavor profile without being overly complex. My favorite dishes are snow pea shoots, the pork soup dumplings when they have them, the ants on a tree noodles and the Lancaster garlic chicken. The dry wok fry of the day was pork chop but wouldn't have ordered if the server told me they were deep fried (wok fry usually doesn't connote deep fried) My only complaint would be the prices of the cocktails in relation to the portions. We ordered three cocktails at $14 each and two of them were comically small. The negroni on tap for example was like 'wet your lips' small ! The beer list is a waaay better value and it offers some well curated options. Thanks for being here Kings !
Just finished out third visit to Kings County Imperial. This has become a favorite of my son and mine. We have yet to have disappointing dish let alone a meal. Always packed with hipsters. Love the Mock Eel.
Great experience! The soup was amazing and the variety of dumplings we had were great!
This restaurant is on my block so I am biased because of convenience but I do love it. My favorite is the dumplings- all the dumplings are so good! The mai tai's are delicious. Other recommends are the Mapo Dofu- however the last time I ordered it it was so spicy I couldn't eat it. The beef and broccoli is great, shrimp fried rice, crispy garlic chicken, king PO chicken.I love the space and they have been very nice about our daughter being with us even if the space is on the small side.
FYI: The Sunday Brunch menu (11am-4pm) is a little different from the Dinner menu.Take the L or G train and get off at Lorimer or Metropolitan. We came on a Sunday afternoon and didn't have to wait for a seat. Our server was friendly and helpful. He explained that the menu is dim sum style so all plates are small. The portions are r e a l l y small, so order a bunch of things for the table. I highly recommend the Tiki Mimosa, which uses orange and pineapple juice.We started with the Imperial Spring Rolls, Chicken Dumplings, Pork & Shrimp Shumai, and the Crispy White Radish Cake. All were phenomenal. We had to place another order for the spring rolls! Then came the Cold Sesame Noodle (peanut) and Dan Dan Mian. I definitely enjoyed them both but the sesame noodles win. We ordered a total of 8 dishes for 3 people and were satisfied. Will definitely be back for more.
Seems like I'm the only one who doesn't get it. I've been here twice and if you're not into burning your mouth, insides and then on the way out... then I'm not sure how to enjoy the Dan Dan noodles or Kung Po Chicken. I wish I could enjoy it but I can't...I had a the chicken steamed buns with hoisin sauce. Decent. My partner had Dan Dan noodles and the waitress advised me not to order the Kung Po Chicken since the pepper flavor is the same. I couldn't even try the Dan Dan because of how hot it was but my partner loved it since he loved 'spicy til you cry' kind of spicy. I had the Steel Pot Beef which was fresh and well cooked but a little boring.Zagat keeps rating this place the best chinese food - I guess it's just not my thing.
Waaaay too much salt.   Food is inedible.  They need to seriously review their chefs and their menus cuz they are basically trying to survive on over salting / oiling / spicing their dishes.  There is no flavor left.  Avoid at all costs, and just go to Chinatown and eat anywhere.
This is not a place for people who like authentic Chinese. I was meaning to try this one for so long as I love Chinese and had to always schlep to Flushing or China Town, so a local destination ... It's glamorized suburbia take out Chinese. The hot and sour tastes heavily of bad soy sauce. The specials menu Shumai were so boingy, it was like a supermarket frozen buy. I could detect some herb concoction they tried to jazz it up with in there but the over riding texture was sad. The tea infused duck COULD have been good - but it was covered by this pile of sloppy stir fry goo only a college student would feel it was an accomplishment. The table was too small to accommodate the food and our waiter's response was to say "uh oh" and wait for us to make space with the plates. I was clearly not the targeted demographic. To China Town and Flushing I go again ...
My husband heard about this restaurant while waiting for me at a bar because they were talking about the amazing soup dumplings. We weren't sure what to do for dinner that night so we figured we would go check it out. The food was incredible! We ordered the soup dumplings and I wish we had ordered 2 servings. They were so delicious! We also got the spring rolls (so flavorful) and Dan Dan Mian noodles (amazing as long as you like spicy!). I cannot wait to go back and would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Just make sure to get the soup dumplings!!!
Updated review: Now the solid #2 Chinese restaurant behind Birds of a Feather, with a more varied menu for those who don't want Szechuan. I've had mixed experiences at different times with different dishes (Dokebi is also notoriously like this) but overall this restaurant has come into its own, hewing closer to what I'd call "real" Chinese food, certainly more authentic than the rest of the neighborhood other than BOAF. The dining experience in the restaurant is what you hope for in the neighborhood, low-key and quality. Be aware that they charge for rice, which I feel like they really shouldn't, but ...
Hands down some of the best American-Chinese food in NY. We had:Szechuan Cucumber -  light and flavorful. Not a must have, but nice start. Dry Fried Long Bean- DELICIOUS. We could've ate these for the entirety of the meal. Garlicky comfort food in a string bean form. Dan Dan Noodles- Filing. It's spicy without being void of taste. The noddles are fresh and the sauce is rich. Gulf Shrimp and Chou- OMG. Being born and raised in the Gulf Coast of FL, I can taste taste the flavors of the Gulf waters in these shrimps. So, not some knock off shrimp named something it's not. They're enormous and plentiful. The ONLY PROBLEM clean the shrimp. That's just laziness. Regardless, it's a definite must ordered. This place is easily comparable to A-C restaurants you can find in LA.
I actually didn't like this fake Chinese food restaurant. The food is sorta 3-star'ish- too close to the original to be called fusion, but not really as good as *real* Chinese food. It was also uber-crowded when we went because of Lunar New Year, so maybe that was the excuse for the kinda horrible service. But yeah, "NO"... really no excuse here...
Ate throughout NYC this week (French, Italian, American, NY bagels with Lox and Pizza...) but the exclamation point was the offerings from King County Imperial. The only thing better than the beverages was the service, and only thing better than the service was the company (family and friends) but the magic happened with the family style cuisine. From super delicately flavored dumplings, to magical fried Pork salted on shaved cabbage, cellophane noodles, eggplant, bok Choy dumplings, crispy string and black beans, roast chicken and a pork fried rice to write home about. Less that 2.8 miles from Manhattan where I was staying. But worth the trip from Long Island.
Wouldn't return - they might believe they're filling an upscale Chinese food void in Williamsburg but there are better places for sit-down Asian in the area - be warned that this crowded, club-like atmosphere does not make for quality food. Soup dumplings skin was thick and sticky, yet they broke as we pick them by the top knot? Juice was sparse and was not flavorful but pork was nicely spiced. They do not make dumpling sauce fresh, no shredded ginger as they give you in China. $12 for 6 mediocre dumplings is a typical Williamsburg move. Long bean was so salty it was nearly inedible. Cucumbers so soaked in sweet vinegar they were floppy - they cut them into paper thin rounds instead of crunchy slices- amateur hour. Maybe these reviewers have never gone to Flushing? Or even Chinatown in Manhattan? I have always loved M Noodle for freshly pulled noodles right around the corner from this overhyped spot, and M Shanghai has better soup dumplings by FAR. If you want fancy Szechwan better to splurge at the tried and true Bao on St Marks or just save up for a meal at Mission Chinese - get a tiki drink at 169 while you wait - thats how we've done it for years ;)
This is a Brooklyn version of Sichuan food.  Some of the dishes hit the mark, others do not.  If you live in the Williamsburg, definitely worth a try, otherwise it is not worth the travel
Came here today with large family group from out of town....we drove 45 min to get there when they open at noon and was so disappointed!!!!! I checked the website as well as called both confirming opening up at noon on a Sunday. Guess they changed the hours with an open time of 5pm. If you do that wouldn't you change your website hours and your house voice mail? Very unprofessional will not try again.
Best Chinese-American cuisine in the area by far. Great drinks, great food, great service. Good luck getting a table, but worth the wait. Everything is oily, hot, crispy, and scrumptious - just the way you like it. The diet starts tomorrow.
Best Chinese food I've had in NYC. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. I had the Kung Pao chicken, Copper Well noodles and Fried Rice. Easily the best Chinese food in Brooklyn. Family/sharing style dishes. A little pricey for what it is, but still very good.
This is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in new york. Yes, it can be a little pricey, but the portions are big and the food is delicious. It's so cozy in there. I can't think of a better way to spend a night than relaxing with drinks and food at Kings Co.Food- I can't wait to work my way through the entire menu but so far my favorite have been the crispy garlic chicken and the copper well noodles. and i wouldn't get the chop your head off soup-- it was pretty good. I guess I didn't love that the pork was loose in the soup and how cornstarch-y the soup was. I'm used to napa soup with lionshead meatballs in them and a more broth-like soup.
Amazing Chinese food in Williamsburg. I grew up in nyc eating chinese food all the time and I can confidently say that this is up there with the best of them. The ambiance is nice too, and although it is expensive, I would highly recommend this as a place to take a date or someone visiting from out of town.
Delicious food. And finally, a good option for dine-in Chinese! They have better quality ingredients and a much nicer atmosphere than a run-of-the-mill Chinese place, so obviously it's a little more expensive. The cocktails were great, and the service was good. Portions are not tiny, so keep that in mind and maybe order a few things at a time vs. all at once. We ordered a variety, and just like any other Chinese place, you can either go fried and greasy OR veer more towards the healthy side. We enjoyed everything we ordered:shrimp toast, fried green beans, pork dumplings, duck wraps (having this again for sure!), and cocktails (I had the negroni, a nice combo w spicy food)While the front dining room is a little bit more fun, they do have space in the back, and the DO take reservations which is a huge plus.Definitely will be back, maybe even next week :)
Bunch of local friends invited me to this place since two of them have been bragging it's the best Chinese food. Well I am a Chinese native ( Born and raised ) joined along with an open mind. Dishes here are mostly everyday traditional Chinese food which most American have never seen or been exposed to. they are a mix of Chinese dishes from different regions of China; northern region (Shanghai ,Sichuan) and some from South ( Hong Kong style ) To me : someone who grown up in Hong Kong and lived in China :The problem I have with Chinese food in this country is -over seasoning and oily.Hipster and Trendy (over priced ) .. Maybe... Best Chinese food? Far from it.many of the dishes we had was overpowering...most dishes are below average.I think over price for what they were. While I do commit that we were in Williamsburg therefor the price reflects it. But I can easily find all those dishes done significantly better In most restaurants in Chinatown for half the price.PS: if you have limited exposure to different regional Chinese food, this place might be a good start for you to expand your palette.Most of their dished has it's Chinese traditional name which was not used in this menu tho.Soup dumpling 小籠包 - they are averageHong Kong style steam fish 粤式蒸鱼 -I have made better one and paid less for better steamed fish for half the price in Chinatown.Drink : The Power Keg: they garnish it with dry tea (weird ) and it was so hard to drink without getting a mouthful of dry tea leaves. the tea leaves really did not add any taste to the drink.. i would much rather to skip them so i did not have to pick the tea leaves out on every sip. for a $13 drink.. that was two much effort. i wonder if the person who made this drink tried it ?
Whoaaa, Kings County Imperial went beyond my expectations -- the food, the service, the atmosphere, and the drinks were all 5 stars for me (the only Achilles heel being the current popularity/long wait times).We came on a Friday night and were quoted a 45-60 minute wait, which ended up being around 30 minutes. The hostess, waitstaff, and chefs were, to a one, friendly and enthusiastic about the restaurant -- and provided terrific, attentive, and knowledgeable service. We had been seeing a lot of hype about Kings County Imperial (the idea of "local" Chinese food, the soy sauce on tap, the on-tap cocktails, etc) and were intrigued by the idea of a hipster Szechuan place.Let me be clear, I normally have major qualms about hipster chefs interpreting things like Sichuan food, but here, it totally works. It reminded me a lot of one of my favorite Providence restaurants, North, from the menu to the decor. There's great attention to detail at Kings County Imperial, from the fold out menus to the embossed chopsticks to the stir spoons in the cocktails (and the beautiful garden beyond the back room). Not to mention, and I'm finally getting to my main point here, the food is super!Between two people, we ordered the long dumplings ($12), the poached watercress ($8), the dan dan noodles, and the mapo dofu. We are mapo dofu freaks so that's a must order whenever we're trying a new Szechuan place. What I appreciated most here were the creative, slightly subversive riffs on the classic Sichuan dishes. The long dumplings had a terrific char and chew. The filling is flavored well, and there's a prime filling-to-wrapper ratio -- though the star with this dish, for me, was the dipping sauce. Super aromatic, the right amount of salty, and plenty of umami. I furtively took a sip of this from the dipping bowl because it was so tasty.Poached watercress: this reminded me a lot of the water spinach (kang kung) that I love at Malaysian/Indo restaurants. It's very salty, and conveniently cut into bundles for optimal chopstick grab. There's nice crisp greenness, a funky saltiness, and a very pleasing overload of umami. This isn't for everyone, but you'll enjoy it if you typically enjoy ordering the in-season/chef special greens at Chinese restaurants.Dan Dan noodles: these were awesome. The chili profile was a little different from traditional dan dan noodles (maybe bird chilies?), but there was a great deal of ma la from the Sichuan peppercorns, and plenty of heat from the chilies. The noodles had good chew, the meat was tasty and sprinkled on top in just the right amount, and this tasted like a comforting, offbeat take on my perennial love, dan dan noodles.Mapo Dofu: to me, this was the star dish. It was so different from mapo tofus I'm used to eating, and in many ways, so much more creative and complex. The flavor profile in this was like no other mapo I've had before; there was something caramelized and sweet in this sauce (and the tofu is homemade) that really evolved it into a new dish for me. The meat, the thick sauce, the ma la tingle, and slivers of wood ear mushroom, and the tender tofu made this one of the most memorable restaurant dishes I've had in the recent past. I loved this. It's not a traditional mapo, but you'll see -- this evolution is an upgrade.We also ended up ordering dessert, namely, the tapioca pudding with cream and fresh goji berries ($8). This was pretty good but I probably wouldn't order it again. It tastes like tapioca and has a nice tapioca texture, but I didn't feel the flavor was very exciting, and as I discovered, I don't love fresh goji berries all that much.I can't forget to mention the terrific on-tap cocktail I had: the Mai Tai ($12)! Their cocktail menu is filled with fairly classic drinks with Chinese riffs, but I love Mai Tais. This had a great spice profile and complexity, and I'd definitely recommend it.LOVE THIS PLACE and cannot wait to come back -- so glad there's somewhere like it that exists in New York!
Stumbled across Kings County Imperial after we left The MOFAD Chow exhibition and had a hankering for Chinese food. Expected a traditional neighborhood Chinese restaurant, but were surprised to see a trendy, but warm space filled with a younger crowd.It was Sunday afternoon, so the brunch menu was still in action. We ordered the Dan Dan Mian, Shrimp Toast, Wok Seared Long Dumplings, Hot Copper Well Street Noodles and Pork & Shrimp Shumai.We were pleasantly surprised to get fresh, flavorful dishes with generous portions. You could tell that the ingredients were of high quality. No gluggy, overly sweet sauces - just bright, punchy flavors. My personal favorites were the Dan Dan Mian which had the right amount of spice, and the Long Dumplings which were juicy and delicious.Even better was the warm and attentive service. We were checked on to make sure everything was OK, we got all of our food promptly and the owner took the time to come and talk to us and ask for our feedback and even had some friendly conversation.The total bill came to around $50 for both of us including a beer and tip, which was great value for money as we were stuffed silly by the end.The dinner menu looked spectacular too, so we are looking forward to visiting again soon (and bringing our friends)!
Went here for an early dinner this Sunday night. The restaurant had a lot of other patrons, good country music playing, and a very unique vibe for a Chinese restaurant..but that's Brooklyn! We split the soup dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, chop your head off soup, and the spring rolls. A little too much food for 2 people but everything was so delicious so we finished it all. A little expensive for Chinese food but worth it.
Walked into Kings Co Imperial around 7:30 pm on a Saturday night. The wait for a party of 2 was one hour. I happened to ask if that included seating at the bar and was told that bar was first come first serve. So we hovered for a bit and a couple at the bar left ten minutes later - we were able to snag those seats! It was great timing.The bartender, who was also our server, was friendly and attentive. We ordered two tiki drinks to start - the Shanghai mule and the soused pacific. Both were delicious. For food, we shared the fantastic pork soup dumplings to start, then the exceptional mock eel (I loved this dish), followed by two entrees: dan-dan noodles and steel pot beef. Of the entrees, I preferred the spicy, slippery noodles (these were actually much hotter than I have had elsewhere before so beware!) to the beef (slightly too salty in my opinion), but both were good. Overall, dinner was fun and enjoyable. I have two complaints, though:1. The price was too damn high! This place might be upscale and located in Williamsburg but Chinese food is Chinese food and this was not really any better than what I've had at certain wonderful spots in Chinatown...and Chinatown is a whole lot cheaper. Our meal with tax and tip came to $104 (dinner for two!). 2. I wouldn't order cocktails again. Not because they weren't good but actually because the spice of the food was completely over-powering in comparison to my delicate drink of ginger and bitters etc. I'd stick to simple next time and get a beer instead.
Alright...where do I begin? My partner & I was recommended by a local who seemed to have a great taste in food. We were excited to try this place & our expectations of the food was higher than usual. We ordered:1.Long pork (something) potstickers--GREAT CHOICEAnd then it went down hill from there..2. Dan Dan noodles...literally had no flavor elements of Southeast Asia. If I were blindfolded and not told the name of the restaurant, I would've guessed I was at an Italian restaurant where they like to serve spicy spaghetti. 3. The angry pork fried rice (combination of shrimp and pork)...smh. This was the most lifeless and bland fried rice I've ever come across in all my years. Not to mention...the shrimp literally did not see one iota of salt or pepper since coming from the sea. Not to mention...there was tofu in there that I didn't ask for. 4. We also ordered schezuan chicken? I believe that was the name, but there was no chicken. I bit into it and all I tasted was fat...time after time. Lastly, unrelated to the food...I was working on some important stuff on my phone and laptop, but my phone died & I saw that the hostess had a iPhone charger. I asked nicely if I could borrow for 5 minutes just to get a phone number from my contacts & she denied me. That's no problem, because she is not obligated to do so, but it would've left a better taste in my mouth...since the food couldn't do so. Either way...this place is missing the mark. Advice: stay awayAlso, they like to police customer's reviews so beware. It's petty, but again, their chef is petty for serving that tasteless food so I'm not surprised.
Solid Chinese cuisine.   Soup dumplings are a must. Kung Po Chicken was ok! Service was really attentive and great really good recommendations while we ordered. I loved the atmosphere and the cocktails were solid. Can't wait to come back and try more dishes.
It's good, but way too salty. I didn't think it was terribly oily, but we didn't order dishes that should be swimming in oil. We had the tea smoked mu shu duck which was very tasty, but pretty salty. The cold poached watercress which was the saltiest of all the dishes and the mock eel made with shiitake mushrooms. That one was good, but the shrooms were too dry and made it stickier in constitution when cooked with the sweet & savory glaze it's in. I don't know if this restaurant is using MSG, but I came here because I thought it wouldn't be so salty since its in a pretty gentrified area where they care about this kind of stuff. But I just can't help but wonder with food that salty (mind you I like savory foods) that they have to be using MSG.
I feel sad to write a bad review about KCI.  I live nearby and have dined here dozens of times, each time excellent.  The food is pricy but really good.  At my most recent dining experience here, an employee tried to physically prevent me from using the restroom, claiming that I had not been a customer and just "walked in."  I politely explained that I had been dining in the front table for the past hour, but he refused to believe me.  He eventually reluctantly "allowed" me to have the privilege of using the restroom.  Strangely, this same person had served me on prior occasions (did he forget the 25% tip I left the last time for him?).  Never apologized for his rude and incorrect accusations.  Rather, he defended himself and his pathetic attitude.  Manager tired to intervene but it was too late.  Not a great way to treat regular customers.
Finally good Chinese food in Brooklyn! I've been in search of one forever be this one even delivers. My boyfriend and I came here one night with hesitation but the food far exceeded our expectations. We got the Dan Dan noodles, mapo dofu, salt and pepper pork chops (this is one of their market price specials), and ribs. All tasted authenticly Chinese. The only thing I will say is that the price point is a little high for Chinese food but since this place is really close to where we live and is so far the only authentic Chinese place we've found in Williamsburg, we're willing to pay the markup.The vibe inside is super chill, dimly lit and plays good music. Food and decor combination kind of reminds me of Mission Chinese in LES actually. We will definitely be back to try the mock eel and the long dumplings which we heard amazing things about.
This restaurant has a fantastic vibe. My wife and i came in for dinner and decided to sit at the bar. The bartender had the service thing down. Friendly, personable but also knew how to stay busy and give us our time. Behind the service the food was really incredible. Fresh, tasty and prepared with skill and care. I will be back.
This place is extremely hard to get into. Now I know why the rivs were great. the pork fried rice without tofu was tasty and those dumplings were wonderful. However the crispy chicken was a little to dry for me but overall the service and food were great.
Delicious vegan options and spirits from the New York Distilling Company make this Brooklyn eatery one not to miss.  They can render any noodle dish, or anything with diced pork (which is added later when ordered) vegan upon request.  We were thrilled with our meals.  We ordered something with mushroom and spicy tofu, as well as a dish with bok choy and garlic.  Highly recommended.
Stopped through tonight for dinner, as usual this place puts out very tasty spicy food. The beer on tap is solid with numerous craft options. The highlights are, hot and sour soup, kung po chicken, snow pea shoots, and the copper wells noodles. They offer delivery as well, that too is always good. I will be back.M.P
Love, love, love this spot! Some plans fell through while I was in Brooklyn last night, so I pulled out my Yelp app, checked my bookmarks and realized that this place was near by. The food looked so good in the photos that I was suddenly craving Chinese and had to give it a try. I was so impressed with the entire experience and already can't wait to go back. I'll break this down piece by piece. First the atmosphere. Casual and relaxed with kind of a hip, retro vibe. The front seating area seems to be a little more popular since the bar is there. In the back is a smaller, more intimate seating area that is very nice, and off of that is a garden patio area where you can sit during the warmer months. The music was awesome! I was so bummed that my Shazam app couldn't pick up all of the killer tunes I was hearing... Oh well. Our server was excellent and was so patient with me and my 5,000 questions about the menu. It was tough to make choices, but he gave us great suggestions and helped simplify the process. We went with steamed chicken dumplings and soup dumplings to start. When in doubt, just get both! They were very good. The chicken dumplings are on the saltier side if that's something you have an issue with. Their soup dumplings were super tasty and the pork was nice and soft and tender inside. My only gripe was that the dough was a little too thin, causing it to stick to the dish and spill out the soup before you could eat them. For a main we chose the shrimp and bok choy, which was a nice mixture of sweet, savory, and salty flavors. Very delicious. We added on the long beans as a side (I think these were my favorite) and the angry pig fried rice. I wasn't sure how i felt about the rice at first... it's not the brownish, oily, fried mess that you typically get at Chinese places. It's a lot healthier tasting, but as I kept taking bites, I realized I couldn't stop eating it so it must have been good. Next time I would like to try the smoked duck and the Chinese eggplant. They will also be starting brunch dim sum soon, which sounds like a lot of fun.  Apart from excellent food, I should also note that they have an awesome selection of cocktails to choose from with fun garnishes. The Shanghai Mule and Buddha's Hand went over well with us. I highly recommend this restaurant overall and think I'm going to make myself a regular soon enough!
Was recommended by a friend who had a good time here, but I was thoroughly under-impressed by the food. I'm always a little weary of these places that try to new like "new asian" types of dishes because I'm so wedded to the traditional tastes and flavors, but I try to keep an open mind that these dishes won't be exactly the flavors I expect.So, the good things were: 1) Szechuan Cucumbers, 2) Wok Seared Pea Shoots, 3) Salt & Pepper Pork Chops (daily special). The cucumbers were crispy, light, and spicy. The pea shoots were perfectly seared and oily and the charred garlic. The pork chops had good flavor - nice salty and peppery covering on the chunks. Also, the service was great and I do feel the pricing was fair based on the ingredients and the portion sizes.The bad/so-so things were: 1) Angry Pig Fried Rice, 2) Steamed porgy (daily special), 3) Hot & Sour soup, and 4) Shanghai Mule (cocktail). The fried rice had absolutely no flavor - I couldn't tell there was pork at all, or any other ingredients for that matter. I realized at one point that I felt like I was just chewing on regular white rice. The steamed porgy was well steamed, but it was missing the strong ginger/scallion flavor that should really come through on a good steamed fish. The hot and sour soup was not like your traditionally flavored hot and sour soup - it tasted more like a beef broth base. While I thought the flavor was pretty unique and wouldn't mind the soup again, it was absurdly salty. Every single dinner companion remarked on how over salted this soup was. Someone even poured some soup on the fried rice, to give the rice some flavor and offset the saltiness of the soup. The cocktail tasted like I was drinking super watered down ginger beer (like 80 percent water and 20 percent ginger) - there was no other distinguishing flavor to this uniquely described cocktail.  I would never consider going back here for the food.
This place is soooo good! Came here for my roommates birthday dinner on a Saturday night. 45 minute wait for 4 people but ended up only being around 30. Had drinks at the bar while we waited (the mule, also amazing). The food was phenomenal. Love this place!
The food is BEYOND salty. It is INEDIBLE. I spent $45 on delivery through Caviar and after receiving the food and eating a few bites - I could not taste it at all. My lower extremities became so bloated with water retention that I couldn't feel my feet or lower limbs. Shame on this establishment for passing off dog food as human food. NOT FIT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION!!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
Great ambience, food and service. Handmade dumplings are a must. Had the hit and sour soup and whole fish. Both on point!
This place was utterly amazing. I would have eaten every single thing on the menu. My favorite was the mock-eel (mushroom). MUST TRY. If not, you are missing out on something great! The classic eggplant was also very tasty. The pork dumplings were delicious. Full of flavors and nicely fried. The sesame cold noodle were great. I personally loved it, but not everyone at the table liked it as much as me.The Beijing street noodle were good as a side dish, but nothing too wow about it.The salt and pepper tofu plate was incredible. I would affirm with quite certainty that even a tofu-hater would like it! In summary, it is one of the best restaurant I have tried in my life, really. I liked everything; the place, the staff, the ambiance, all perfect. Beware that I am clearly not the only one loving it, so be prepare to wait a little! So worth it though.
KCI is a welcome addition to the Greenpoint/Williamsburg North Brooklyn zone, an area surprisingly devoid of good Chinese food. The plan here was to serve Chinese food, geared toward American tastes utilizing Culinary School techniques and better ingredients. Certainly a noble goal, partially achieved. Unfortunately there are hipster pretensions here including the overuse of salt, which ruined the Cold Sesame Noodles and came close to ruining the soup dumplings and stir frys. Another problem was the oversaturation of the wok dishes which arrived swimming in sauce. This rendered crispy dishes like the Garlic Chicken and the Shrimp with Bok Choy soggy. Long beans were nice. Plenth of interesting veggie options. Service was good. With a little tweaking this Non Chinese/Chinese restaurant could be excellent. For now, it's  filling a void and benefitting from crowdsourcing which should keep it running awhile.
This place is so delicious!! I love their soup dumplings and the mock eel.  It's fun to come with friends and get a full spread.  Their oolong tea is fabulous as well.
Simply put, this place is great and gets better every time I go. In a neighborhood like this it is tough to justify being repeat customers at local spots because there are just so many options and new places to try. However, Kings Co is so unique and delicious it keeps you coming back for more. The Dim Sum during the week from 530-7 is a great way to sample different items on the menu and at $15 a person is a great deal. The soup dumplings are out of bounds. Have not had a bad experience at this place and would recommend to anyone.
Had to give this place a three star review as I feel service is just as important as food. We were here New Year's Day at around 9:30 PMThe food here is pretty damn good. Great flavor and very traditional. The service on he other hand was quite the opposite. I've been working in the industry for roughly 13 years now, so I'm very appreciative of when service is on point. It makes me feel good when being handed a $57 check when I've had a good experience. The hostess was a bit aloof, I had asked for a table and she said it was about a 30 minute wait. So I asked to be on the wait list and sit at the bar in the meantime. I went for a smoke and she stopped me saying it was first come first serve at the bar if I left. Not a problem, my girlfriend stayed to watch the seats at the bar as it was being cleaned. As soon as I walked out, a server with a had and beard asked her if I was giving her a hard time in front of my lady pretty loudly...but she said no...which was true, I was nice...she just was a bit of a airhead since the place was dead 10 minutes later. Sat down at the bar and it took us a bit to be acknowledged, get menus or whatever. Maybe 4-5 minutes. Bartender was ok at first, wished us a happy new year and all. Another 5-10 went by before he asked us for drinks. By this time that "30 minute wait" was for all the empty tables behind us  Still no water after I asked, not being picky, that's just what you get everywhere when you sit down as a buffer right? Anyway, we ordered, told us the kitchen closed soon (holiday hours said 11 but i get it, was a long ass day for them I'm sure). Food came out at a decent time, but the bartender definitely didn't check in to see if we had what we needed or anything. Was pretty annoying. He changed the music to some weird techno Tetris style music...awkward. Didn't check in to see if we liked the food or if everything was okay with our meal. He just cleared our setting and handed us the check. Irritated me that he asked the people next to us if they wanted another round rather than slap them the check too. We paid, but there was no thank you, no have a nice night, or goodbye from any of he staff. Just a few backs toward us as they adjusted tips. I guess I'm pissed cause I worked till 4 am on NyE and wanted a nice date with my girlfriend cause I love the food here, no question about that. I'll just order out next time! Sorry kings county imperial...service needs some love.
Dim sum dinners with mock eel! Definitely don't knock it until you try it.
My friend & I walked in on a Monday night on a whim. Upon entering the establishment is was dark and a bit cozy. We weren't greeted by anyone for what felt like forever as the two waiters walking the floor scooched past us multiple times, never saying a word. It's moments like this where as a person of color you wonder if it's because it's the color of your skin or is it because they're shit waiters. They're just shit waiters who never bothered to say "Hi, welcome, the hostess will be with you momentarily." The hostess slowly appears out of the back and tells us we can opt to sit at the 4 top which may be a communal table... it became a communal table shortly after we sat down with another couple joining us.We ordered the Weeping Tiger Salad ($9), Soup Dumplings ($12), Crispy Garlic Chicken ($24), Ants Climbing a Tree ($14), and after seeing a dish placed down at the table next to us... the Oyster Mushroom Special ($14). Finally, a single scoop of Candied Ginger ice cream ($3) for dessert.The Weeping Tiger Salad was surprisingly light and fragrant, the Soup Dumplings were phenomenal though we had to ask for spoons to accompany it. The Crispy Garlic Chicken was solid and I wanted to lap up the juices on the plate. The Ants Climbing a Tree (a cellophane noodle dish) was sublime, and the Oyster Mushroom Special I could eat every god damn day. I got to try some of the Ma Po Tofu our neighbors at the communal table ordered, and it was lovely with that nice kick from the Szechaun peppers. Good Chinese food has finally come to Williamsburg. However, the service is uninspired. Queue a half dozen times we needed to flag down our waiter for water, utensils, etc. He never introduced himself, checked in on us, or checked to see how our dishes were.
The way it's painted/decorated is stunning, all those little painted bits on soft lighting, the staff are pretty accommodating, and some of the dishes are quite tasty.  But it's expensive for average quality chinese food.  It's han dynasty expensive, but nowhere near han dynasty good.
KenScale: 8.0/10My first restaurant visit of the year was somewhat of an odd one: modern Chinese-American restaurant in a quiet corner of Williamsburg where, walking in, you would never guess this place serves Chinese food. I didn't see a single Chinese server or cook throughout my meal, and the restaurant didn't seem to care about being authentic at all. My friend remarked that the food here is something only Caucasians would love; well, maybe so, but the lack of authenticity didn't deter me from liking this place. While there were some misses, overall the food at Kings County Imperial had pretty good mix of Chinese flavor while showing off some creativity as well.There is no single regional influence that dominates the menu at Kings County Imperial. There are some hints of Sichuan influence, such as the tasty cucumbers with hot bean, sesame and chili oil, or the dan dan egg noodle with Sichuan pepper, minced pork and peanut. Both dishes were delicious, by the way, but somewhat on the sweeter side compared to the more authentic Sichuan places. Then you have what's called mock "eel" which is really shiitake mushrooms but tasting like actual eel in texture. This was a very good starter that kept me wondering what kind of trick the kitchen pulled off to create this unique texture. The pork soup dumplings were not as good as I had hoped, but maybe I should've gone to one of the dim sum places in Chinatown to truly indulge in soup dumplings. The highlight of the meal came a little too late, while we were mostly finishing up on the other dishes that we had ordered. Crispy garlic chicken may look like one of those soy sauce dipped roasted chicken at one of the Korean joints, but I was very pleased with its moist and juicy texture and the sweet but not overpowering flavor that worked very well with the poultry. The restaurant seems to accept guests mostly on a walk-in basis, and by the time we got there around 6:30 p.m., it was already almost packed with a lot of young people from Williamsburg looking to have a pleasant Sunday dinner. There are some Chinese beer selections and Asian-inspired cocktail selections to complement the meal; I've become much more of a wine person than a beer person lately, but I kind of regret not going after a glass of Tsingtao and opting for a glass of red wine (but then, it's probably silly to expect a lot of great wine selections in a Chinese restaurant). Overall, Kings County Imperial was a surprisingly good dining destination that I would like to visit again someday to sample other dishes. The beauty of Chinese cuisine always lies with variety, after all.
Delivery stinks here. They screw up orders all the time. Just ordered a Weeping Tiger salad and was given a half empty container of pea shoots. Second time they've done this and messed up my order. Food is good, but delivery service is awful.
Great meal tonight! I had gotten take out once before and thought it was pretty good, but dining in is even better (especially because you can only get the soup dumplings dining in). I came with one other person and we shared the soup dumplings, pork ribs, copper well street noodles and kung po chicken. For two people that was a very filling amount of food. We loved everything! The sauce on the ribs was sticky, sweet and amazing!! All the dishes had great flavor. The noodles and chicken were a perfect amount of spicy.I can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes!
Sesame noodles were good, tasted as expected, not mind blowing.Mapo-Tofu was my favorite, a large portion that was more than enough to share with a friend.We each ordered tiki style cocktails offered by the bar and really enjoyed those as well.  It wasn't the cheapest meal, but it was an overall pleasant meal that offered drinks and flavors you'd be hard struck to find elsewhere.
I honestly think this is the BEST soup dumpling in NYC! I know Joe's is amazing, and so is the Bao, BUT this place is perfect, the dumplings just feel so fresh and perfectly made.On top of that, the Dan Dan noodles were unreal, and the Kung Pao chicken was delicious ... And the service was beyond perfect.Highly recommend coming here!
I came here with a friend because we were at Union Pool and really wanted some noodles. What a pleasant surprise! We ordered the Kung Po Chicken and the Ants Climbing a Tree because who wouldn't order a dish with that name? Everything was delicious and came in portions that were filling.We asked our waiter about dessert but we honestly didn't have room so we opted out. Next time!10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND!
well great place, food was ok, portions definitely not made for the hungry man. but I must say this place stays pack.
Three stars -- ordered and shared three dishes, two were good and one was poorly made. Started with pork dumplings (great flavors and textures). Really enjoyed the ma po tofu (just firm enough with an excellent accompaniment of tree ear mushrooms (told by waiter) and heat). Ended with a disappointing kung poa chicken. Very small curled strips of chicken and flavor was lacking in spite of the large amount of dried peppers. This is where I was bothered. When we had eaten all but the dried peppers the amount left was more than half the serving. It was as if you had ordered a dish of dried peppers in sauce to snack on. When the waiter came to check in before the check, I showed him the plate, explained most of the dish was just dried peppers. He explained it was a display dish as if that was ok! I replied (longer that I want to write) and he just smiled, continued to clear the plates and brought back the check. It was as if it didn't matter what I said. Must be nice to work in a trendy restaurant!
My GF and I went there last night for a birthday party dinner. The food and service was so good that the two of us went back for dinner again tonight, to check out more of the menu. We ordered steamed chicken buns, soup dumplings, and the pork chop special. Everything was amazing. Our server Lucy recommended that we check out their "bubble waffles," because they're insanely good. She was totally correct. Thanks Lucy! Can't wait to go back and order the few remaining menu items we've yet to devour.
OMG. Another one of those spots that I would normally just walk past (or not even pass by at all). It is located in the middle of the block and not in an area that constitutes a whole lot of foot traffic but wow, I'll definitely be trekking out here many more times in the future. This place serves Chinese food- with a modern & hipster twist to it. The flavors that are packed into the dishes were beyond delicious (I tasted about 9 dishes) and I couldn't get myself to feel full because I definitely did not want the meal to come to an end. My favorite was the shrimp pancakes, the eggplants (and I absolutely hate eggplants), the soup dumplings, (can I just list everything as my favorite)? There wasn't one dish that I wasn't content with. The fried squid dish was like calamari- but simply out of this world calamari with flavors that you probably never tasted before. The vegetables (watercress & bok choy) could definitely be used to appease all picky eaters out there to eat their greens. I'm simply all over the place- and it would be a crime to not mention that my mouth is salivating just thinking about all the food that I ate that night. The soup dumplings (I've tried soup dumplings at many places and I even had a favorite go to spot but I guess I have a new place now). I usually don't go back to restaurants twice but I'm not taking this restaurant off my food list- ever. I'm going to keep coming back just to try everything- and probably even after that as well.
This place is ridiculous good and has a great vibe. I was skeptical because Chinese food can leave you feeling terrible after a meal. Everything was flavorful and not overloaded with grease by any means - it actually felt fresh. Favorites included: mock eel, chicken dumplings, buns, moo shu duck, long beans, shrimp stuffed jalapeno (special), and shrimp chili noodles. Dishes are generous. Wine and cocktails also delicious. My one complaint was *some* of the service. I went twice in one week (guilty) - the first time I went with my bf and we had a wonderful male server (dark hair in a top knot) who was thoughtful and helpful when we were ordering. He really added to our experience and checked in all the time despite it being crowded. The second time I went, we were seated in the back, which already wasn't as good of an atmosphere as the front, and there was a male server (lighter and shorter hair, beard) who was so over it. I was embarrassed since I took a friend visiting from out of town and had been raving about it.  When we asked about the menu, he literally just read the menu to us and he neglected us several times while we were there (impossible to order a second drink or ask for additional utensils, etc). The back room is really small and wasn't full so I was confused about the slow service. He put a damper on our dinner, we were so uncomfortable. I will definitely be back because this place is honestly great but I would make sure not to get seated in his section next time.
It's really good fancy Chinese food.  It's an authentic-ish taste - on the road to Chinatown but walking distance from your house.  Not as good as a lot of Chinatown places but I feel much more confident about the quality of the meat.  It is pricy but  confidence in meat isn't cheap.  Also a really cute spot.
I've worked in the restaurant industry for 10+ years, so I think of myself as a bit of a foodie. This is my favorite restaurant right now. I've been here 6 times in a month and I don't think my pace will be slowing anytime soon. The first thing that happened to me when I came here, the waitress shattered glass all over our table (total freak happenstance, could've happened to anyone) and then they forgot our noodles, AND IM STILL GIVING IT FIVE STARS. The food is that good. I love a couple of the bartenders too, cool dudes. They remembered me and always have a great conversation with them. Don't walk, run to king's county. Food highlights: steamed chicken buns, soup dumplings, oyster mushrooms, mock eel, spring roll, long beans. Just in case it was unclear: I love this place.
Two appetizers, one beer, and one entree cost $64 including tax and tip. Get the same thing in Chinatown for $20 (perhaps better food).The atmosphere was nice. They tried for that 1940s Chinese dive bar thing.This is a place to bring a date or have drinks, sharing an appetizer among friends, where each person gets one dumpling so you don't get drunk too fast.It is not a neighborhood place. For these prices it should be extraordinary Chinese food, not the same thing you can get anywhere else.
Super cutty location of great food and great vibes. The food is amazing--and best to do it family style. It's so damn good. I recommend the eggplant appetizer and the Kung Pao Chicken. Amazing. Drinks are a little expensive. But shit it's Brooklyn isn't it. Must go spot for groups.
oh wow this place was yummy..... we went for dinner after a few drinks around town and it was lovely. We ordered a bunch of different plates and did it family style.... I honestly cannot say anything was bad.... everything was so fresh and tasty. I have a hard time finding good Chinese here in San Diego, so i guess you just have to go to Brooklyn for it!
Be careful if you have allergies or are strict vegetarians: we received 2 incorrect dishes-- two pork dishes at a table where one was vegetarian and another strict non-pork eater for religious reasons, and I requested and was given a gluten free menu.  Our fried rice arrived with pork and not confirmed gluten free.  It was brought to us, like 3/4 of our dishes that night, by a server who was not our original server.  They said it was our "fried rice' (we ordered the vegetarian, gluten free fried rice).  Hungry we all bit into it before we all spat it out: it had pork in it (and since the pork fried rice was not on the gluten free menu, we also assumed it was not gluten free---a problem for one at the table who is Celiac).  That minor disaster aside: all dishes were UNBELIEVABLY salty AND several were VERY SPICY (glass noodles and eggplant both very spicy---again several of us projectile spat it out) WITHOUT any notations on the menu as such.  Unsure why this is so popular a place.  We had high hopes both because they were accommodating to allergies, and also because our first server was tenacious about checking our order's specifications: she checked our order over more than once, etc., but it didn't matter in the end: people we'd never seen before dropped off our food and we assumed it was correct, sadly we were wrong.  None of us will be going back.
The interior is cozy and the cocktails are great. On paper, the menu's offerings represent a great "best of" regional chinese cooking.The soup dumplings were good - the filling was spot on. The skin was not as elastic as it should be - they fall apart easily as a result. But that's a challenge for all restaurants with the exception of ones like Shanghai Cafe that specialize in them, so they're still worth sampling.All the other the dishes are either over-salted or exaggerate the wrong things. When a dish is prepared with chili peppers or black beans, I really don't need every single bite to be brimming over with them. It's like being served a margherita pizza under an avalanche of basil instead of a handful of well-placed leaves.If you crave non-takeout Chinese food but not enough to venture out of Williamsburg to places like Chinatown, Flushing, Sunset Park or even Midtown, this works. I just can't justify paying 2-3x the price for dishes that I can find better versions of elsewhere.
Delivery was awful using door dash because the restaurant never updated its app...So expensive for horribly soggy cold food. You go 10 minutes into queens and the bill gets cut in half! They won't refund me either. Only redemption - mapo tofu was pretty good.
Pretty good food, a bit oily. Loved the dumplings and noodles, stir frys were sub par. Atmosphere and service were great.
You want to talk about an ideal date? Dumplings, dancing and babes. Yessss, that was my Friday night. I'd heard about Kings County Imperial; saw it on some blog about hot new restaurants in the 'Burg. I always peep the blogs cuz that's where you get the real scoop. None of this NYTimes too cool for school garb. I saw the place had mad dumps, so I was sold. Babes always love dumps, it's like an aphrodisiac. Even if the date didn't go so hot (I mean it was, she was on a date with me) at least I knew I'd have a killer meal with dumps on dumps on dumps. (Pro Tip: When you go on a date, always pick a spot you really want to try because if the date sucks at least you got that good good meal.)Okay, back to the show. So, I met up with my date at the Lorimer L-stop. She's a real cute babe with big milks, I mean big. Like whoa big. Bigger than big. Real big. We head over to Kings County Imperial aka KCI. That's what everyone in the neighborhood calls it. Way cooler, in fact you should just call yourself KCI. Everyone loves abbreviations. No one has the time to say full names anyway. I'm not taking away any stars because I think you should change your name; it's just a friendly suggestion frood critic to restaurant. We walk in and man, it was poppin'! The vibes were so chill, super chill and the smell of dumps hit you so hard. Insta frood boner! This was gonna be good. We're told the wait would be a quick 30 minutes. No problemo. They'd call. So the night was ours for a bit. We head on over to Sugarburg that was just around the corner. Sweet date spot. Not too divey not too classy. Just right. And then things got loose. Real loose. We both were straight sobs, and it was like 8:30 at night so we needed to catch up with the rest of the world. Sober on a Friday night? No bueno, bro. Round one was beers accompanied by shots. Tossed the shots back and BOOM, it was game on baby! I brought my A-game to this date. Laughing, light touching, some heavy petting, two additional rounds of drinks. The convo was flowing like the salmon of Capistrano. Man.It felt like hours before we got a call from KCI. We looked at the phone, it had only been a little over a half hour. Damn we crushed a lot of dranks in that time, basically did a power hour. I'm pretty sure I blacked out early because I don't know what the hell I was saying, but I was on auto-pilot and it was all working. I was so on point. Went from zero to sixty. I was so money, and I didn't even know it (yes I did). I even blurt out, "We should just skip dinner!" She replies, "Oh my god that would be crazy but I'm so hungry." Yikes. Just chill man.Dinner was a blur. We then hopped around to any place that was spinning the choicest of rap mixes and people were getting nasty on the dance floor. We'd walk in, own the place for about a half hour, grind, really get after it and then dip before the place went out of style. I kept saying, "Hey, let's just get really weird tonight," and she was loving it. At one point I may have proposed to her because she's def the future ex-Mrs. W. We kept ordering drinks, a big mistake that I DON'T regret. Ha! You never have regrets. We went full PDA with some DFMO (dance floor make out). You know that moment at 2AM when you are a little slops, you're in your zone with your girl making out, you know everyone is watching cuz they want to be you, and all you say to yourself is, "Yup, daddy's home!" We both realized we'd given Brooklyn enough of a show so we both looked at each other, and I say to her, "Babe, let's take this to my place." And we did. Check please! The rest of the details are not for you. Get your own life!Oh and by the way: KCI was so freaking good. Man, if I didn't want to shlep to Chinatown for soup dumps, this is where I'm going. All we ate were dumps (from what I remember). Actually, I think we got some entree that had duck in it. It was dank. She ate basically nothing. I ate for a family of four. Service was great. The food had the boldest of flavors. They really treat you right at KCI. I'll def go back and even order take out if they allow me. Great date spot. Great spot to eat with friends. Much needed soup dump joint to hit the 'Burg. Can't wait to return.KCI, I salute you. You were the center point of a bomb Friday date night. Keep it up and see you soon!
The food here is great. Whenever you're in the neighborhood, try it out for yourself. This is legitimate Chinese food done right. Well done and hats off to the chef.The ambience is also cool which is a plus!
OK, so I had probably not eaten "Chinese" food out or  as take-out  for about the past 20 years of my being healthy/conscious regarding the things I put into my body, for obvious reason.  I have to say we make a lot of different cuisine at home (Thai, Indian and yes even Chinese), thank you Pinterest!  However, it's nice to find a place that will make good food using fresh ingredients FOR me (a girl needs a break sometimes).  I am especially conscious of where the meat comes from when I eat out.  So when my husband tells me about this place, I'm SO down!  And OF COURSE it's in Williamsburg...where else would it be, lol.  Too bad it's not closer to me in Queens (Whitestone is a culinary black hole) as I would actually be able to eat Chinese take out for the first time in so long, sigh.  Anyway, this place made me SO happy.  JUST. SO. HAPPY.  The food was outstanding!  Everything we had was so flavorful and just hit the spot.  Everything on the menu sounds good, I can't wait to go back and try some of the dishes we missed!  Only complaint is that the drinks are a liiiiiittle pricy for Brooklyn.  But, with that said.  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for making my Chinese food dreams finally come true.
First visit last night and had a great time with my son, who loves the place! The atmosphere, decor are very cool, and the food was delish.  Loved the mock eel, the spicyyy cucumbers, eggplant.  Had beef with chinese broccoli and I really enjoyed it.  The fried rice with tofu was very light and not greasy at all, which is a plus!  Can't wait for the brunch...One must have the sesame ice cream... so good.Tracy, the owner, is delightful and very sweet.  For sure, I will be back.  Very easy location on the L!
The front room was cramped.  The wait time was horrendous.  There is nothing imperial about this spot, this is basically Chinese food for non Chinese people.  *2 stars for the bartender service, they were quick and attentive.
Quality take out. Been searching for a good spot for cold sesame noodle - they do it well.
Went back yesterday and had the same waitress. Ask for Liz she is the sweetest and so wonderful!!! and seriously get the mock eel. and the ants.
For a vegetarian Chinese food can be difficult. I will say that their veg dumplings by far are the best I have ever had, and that's compared to vegan Chinese spots! I will go back just for those dumplings. I also love the old school atmosphere.
I spent a few days in Williamsburg staying with my friend Katie M. on Skillman Avenue, just a few blocks away from Kings County Imperial. Katie had been interested in this place, which was relatively new, and we decided to check it out for a Thursday night dinner in the neighborhood. It was as good as we hoped it would be and better.The restaurant was very cool, with a hip atmosphere and simple, attractive decor--brick walls, neat light fixtures, metal chairs with a calculated well-worn look. We sat in a narrow space adjoining the patio, which would've been quite nice if it weren't raining. Our table was great except that we ended up next to a large party that included a super loud patron, but there's no avoiding other customers, I guess. Service was good. It got a little less attentive as the place got busy, but overall, I thought our waiter did well. He forgot to order one of our dishes until we asked what happened to it, but then he comped it for us, which was just fine with me.We ordered an ambitious amount of food for two people, and it was all delicious. We avoided the larger plates and favored the dim sum side of the menu so we could try as many things as possible. We ended up getting most of the dumpling-type dishes, along with some eggplant and noodles. The wok seared long dumplings were probably my favorite of the dim sum. They were pretty incredible, the thin skins seared just enough for an extra layer of texture, giving way to a filling of Berkshire pork and garlic stems, with black vinegar for dipping. The soup dumplings were also excellent, porky and juicy and delectable. I'd had soup dumplings at Nan Xiang in Flushing for breakfast the same day, and Kings County Imperial's held their own pretty well. The pork shoulder shumai was tasty too, made with some shrimp and hot water mustard, whatever that is. The imperial spring rolls were a great fried dish, basically egg rolls stuffed with a filling of shrimp, squid, scallop, and cilantro. The fried wrappers were beautifully executed--crispy with a delicate chew, not too greasy but not not greasy--and the seafood insides were splendidly flavorful. The double garlic Chinese eggplant was a great vegetable dish, the eggplant molten hot with a nice lush texture, flavored with kung po sauce and spring onion--on the sweet side, but not really worse for that. Finally, we had a big plate of dan dan egg noodles that tied the whole meal together, firm noodles with a thick sauce of preserved mustard stem, Sichuan pepper, chili oil, minced pork, and peanut. Complex, spicy, a little bit numbing, and totally addictive. I took my meal with a cocktail called the King Kamehameha Club, made with añejo tequila, fresh lime juice, blue agave nectar, all spice dram, and a mezcal spritz. I was pleased with this drink.I could be wrong, but I feel like trendy, yuppie-driven Chinese restaurants have been cropping up with greater frequency of late, and I am all over them. I like having a fancy cocktail with my dinner, and the food caliber doesn't have to suffer just because the customer base gets whiter. I'm not an expert on Chinese cooking, but I don't think Kings County Imperial serves fusion or diluted Chinese--and even if it does, the result is delicious. Good food with quality ingredients in a fun setting with interesting drinks--that's a winning combination for a dinner out on the town, one that's not always easy to find when you're in the mood for noodles and dumplings.
Ambiance was cozy and classy. Servers were authentically excited about the menu. Cocktails were sweet and strong. Oh the dumplings- both soup and long were delicious- nice thin dumpling wrappers. Pork belly hell yes. Main dishes- mu shu duck, dan dan noodles, fried pork chops were very good. I loved this place!
Truly exceptional Chinese. Like nothing I've ever tasted. Got the Hot & Sour Soup with Spring Rolls, Kung Po Chicken, and the Shanghai Mule. The portions were fairly generous too!
I was really hopeful for Kings County Imperial to knock my socks off but I was sadly disappointed. I ordered the chicken dumplings, chengdu pork and mock eel. They all looked great on the plate but were severely over-salted (with with salt, MSG, or soy sauce). The texture of the mock eel was really good but I wished they had toned down the saltiness. Also, the bartender who served us did not provide great service. He put the bottom of our rice plate on top of the pork that we requested to pack for take out.The space and vibe is really great, but the food is subpar. For much better Chinese food, stick to Mission Chinese and China Blue for mid/high end or Han Dynasty / Xian / The Bao for low end, authentic Chinese food.
The two stars are for the soup dumplings and understated decor. Otherwise, yet another expensive hipster attempt at chinese food. Go to Queens or midtown for cheaper, more authentically delicious options. Drinks are pricey here too.
Great food, service, look, vibe across the board. Seriously.Yesterday some friends and myself saw a show at Union Pool and decided to grab some food afterwards. One couple suggested KCI since they'd just been there and liked it so much they wanted to immediately go back. I'm glad they did because I had some of the best Chinese food I've ever had in NYC (and I have had dozens of the standby spots).First things first; this is not a standard takeout place with the same humungous menu you see everywhere else (though it seems they do takeout but my review is for dining in). Their menu has plenty to offer but every single thing is carefully chosen and executed at the highest level. I say this because being a party of 5 with cocktails, apps, and entrees we all tasted several things.I got the Chengdu Pork; beautifully spicy and flavorful with the sort of tongue and lip tingling spice that's so hard to achieve! Started with Shrimp Fries which are basically shrimp toast strips done insanely well.Also at the table and sampled; Mock Eel (fantastic), some cold sesame noodles that seemed house-made, Kung Po Chicken, Angry Pig (?) Fried Rice, the Imperial Mai Tai (on tap!!), Owney's Rum Negroni, something else and another something else. There is nothing I wouldn't gladly have again.Oh and by the way; they knocked it out of the park with the design! Subtle details abound from the classic gold leaf lettering on the windows to the impossibly perfect 1940's Chop Suey style menu recreation featuring a rubber stamp of the restaurant name above such an outdated font that I forgot it existed until presented with it.Service was friendly, helpful, and attentive. Sorry I waited until the end of the review to point that out but everyone was great!PS - I woke up today and googled this place to see what the story was and was surprised to see that it is the same folks from Stone Park Cafe. Not surprising in that every little detail is well thought out and executed but because it is such a departure from that Park Slope institution. I say Bravo and I can't wait until they decide to open a Mexican place, traditional Jewish Deli, and an Automat too!
My friend and I happened upon KCI quite by accident on a Monday night in September. We were sufficiently intrigued by the menu offerings posted in the window to go in for dinner. BEST decision I have made recently! We returned this past Friday with two other friends and they were really excited and pleased. The food is really good. I have had the book chop potstickers, cucumbers, bok chop, beijing noodles, egg fried rice, the duck, and the steamed fish (the first visit it was salmon the 2nd Branzino) It gets busy so definitely try to get there by 7pm especially if you are a larger party.(They do not take reservation) You can also eat at the bar. The mixed cocktails are tasty. (I have had Buddha's Hand and the Shanghai Mule) They usually have a few specials. The interior is kind of a cool opium den vibe. Definitely check it out.
Soup dumplings, good. Eggplant, good.  Sesame noodle, good. Angry Pig fried rice, I think I love you. No MSG, now I'm really in love.  I also tried the garlic fried chicken and it's well executed and not greasy. Good.This is a good-looking restaurant with an equally friendly staff.  I dig the decor, the lighting and design. Where did they find those high lazy susans? I want one.  Now pricing...The SFist in me balks at paying anything above $8.95 for Asian food. It goes against my cultural roots where I hear my family in my head saying, "Bah!  Too much! Make that at home!"  Let's get real. I live in this expensive city where $10 - $25 a dish at a "nice" resto is average. I'm not going to be able to fry chicken in soy sauce like that or make pork jerky, nor do I want to stink up my apt with all that frying then clean up afterwards and wash my wok and bamboo steamers.  Who got kitchen space and time for that?!So yeah, I'm going to come here, eat this clean and pretty plated, yummy chinese food and not be mad when I open my wallet. They also have a full bar and mai tai on tap.  Word. Welcome addition to the hood.  I'll be walking over again soon.
I've been here twice already and am planning to come back for more. Came here with a bunch of friends who were all Beijing expatriates in our past lives, and we were not disappointed. Sure, some stuff are not entirely authentic but they were still pretty damn delish. Between the 4 of us we ordered the following:Mapo dofu - it's packed with Sichuan spices and will definitely numb your mouth but it was well worth it. Make sure to get a bowl of rice to go with so to cut the spice Dry fried long beans - you can't go wrong with veggies that is covered in ground pork. Kung po chicken - not exactly authentic but it was very flavorful and spicyRaddish cakes - this is the one dish I could do without next time. I am slightly disappointed because it was too mushy and leaning on the bland sideSpecial market Salt and pepper dry fry shrimp - it was good but could also do without again, but if you're a fan of peeling a whole shrimp, go for it!Dan Dan egg noodles - another dish that is tailored more towards the American palette.  I didn't expect it to be so spicy but still very good. Noodles were topped off with big chunks of ground porkSpecial pork ribs - Get it if it's still on the menuAll in all it was a great dining experience, the food was great, service was not bad and the casual vibe in there make it all the more cozy. The Brooklyn take on the kitschy Chinese decor which was interesting but not offensive. The back room that sort of resembles the Quonset hut is beautiful. This is not a place for vegetarians or gluten free folks because everything is either covered in pork or soy sauce.
Excellent experience. Service was welcoming, food was so flavorful. Tried about ten dishes with a large group, not a single dud in the lot. Especially obsessed with the steamed snapper and cut your head off soup. Go.
Just moved to Crown Heights. These guys deliver through Door Dash or Caviar, in almost no time and the food is some of the best we've had in all our years in Manhattan. Ordered Kung Po Chicken and Sesame Noodles. Both were perfect, to my taste. We can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch!
Soup dumplings (on special) are out of this world! Red Pine chicken / pork belly marriage is off the chain! Our bartender / server Meg was rad!!Love this place, can't go wrong here.
We're baaaaack! Real-time report:Imperial Mai Tai still perfect. The Shanghai Mule was delicious, too, and unique. Try it. Mock eel is now on our favorites list. Garlic eggplant prepared perfectly, with a wide spectrum of complementary flavors. We'll always order these. Party generally liked the gingery (but not too gingery) Chop Your Head Off soup (cabbage-based). I think it won't replace the still-awesomest Hot and Sour soup, though.Dry salt pepper beef rib got mixed reviews. Tea Smoked Mu Shu Duck still a winner by unanimous vote. As were cold sesame noodles. We eschewed rice dishes, based on prior experience. This was a FABULOUS meal. These folks obviously care a lot about the food they prepare. KCI is tops for NYC Chinese!
This restaurant filled my craving for Szechuan food.  They capture the spicy flavors just enough to get that buzz on your tongue.  Portion sizes aren't that large so I would recommend grabbing an appetizer. The interior is nice and cozy, although there's not a lot of space to wait for a table.  It's great for a small group or date.
Went here a few months ago and was skeptical without knowing much about the place. Overhyped and overpriced surely. But I ended up being blown away. They just do everything right. That was the main impression I left with. Food was exceptional...  Service was very knowledgable and professional. Cool space too. It's not cheap but not particularly expensive either, especially for the quality of the food. The only disappointment (out of 5 or 6 dishes ordered) was the dan dan noodle. Wish I could list what was so good but it was a while ago! Argh. Pot stickers, a mushroom app, soup dumplings... gotta get back there, I want to try everything.
100% recommend. Cocktails on par. Food fresh and delicious. Service was amazing. This is legitimately the only good Chinese food in Williamsburg, plus the ambiance is lovely. Ps get the mock eel aka mushrooms.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Everything was really great - out of 12 items, none were bad... And several were amazing. The round booths with lazy susans that spin your dishes around the table are really unique and the vibe in there is excellent. This is much better than the traditional Chinese you find everywhere, and the ingredients are very fresh. Solid.
FECES VEINS!  CLEAN THE SHRIMP IF YOU'RE GOING TO CHARGE $24 FOR 8 OF THEM!  Are you charging extra for the feces vein?  If so the price makes sense since there was a ton of feces veins in my shrimp order tonight.  Im starting to feel bad now for writing this review, since it may have been your intention to give me extra feces veins to justify the high price.  Sorry for the 1 star review.  If there was a special "feces vein" review section I would give your shrimp 5 stars.
Ordered through door dash. Four small entrees it came to almost $80. An to top it all off there was no rice!I'd give the food a B-/C rating, but down to a D since they didn't include rice. Will not order again.
Big, big fan of the soup dumplings here. Been here twice and sat at the bar, great, friendly service. I found myself constantly turning my head to see what other people were eating because it all looked really good. So far, I've had several dishes but my two favorite items are the pork soup dumplings and the Austin Eastciders Dry Cider they have. Delicious combo.
The food here is tasty and made with quality ingredients. Alas, the prices and vibe leave a very bad taste. Combined with the service, which is casual to the point of neglect, it's hard to enjoy the what actually is decent Chinese. I went for lunch this weekend with my boo. We ordered 2 kinds of dumplings which came 2 per order. Who has ever heard of an order of dumplings with only 2 dumplings? The dan dan noodles were alright in terms of flavor but overcooked. The cucumbers were forgettable. 4 dishes, tea and a cocktail left us with a $40+ bill and a total lack of satisfaction. Having left hungry, we ate again in a few hours. Another disappointment that must be noted, the servers could not have cared less about us. It wasn't one waiter, or even one interaction, it was from the time we were seated to the time we left. Even paying our bill took a very long time as the servers chilled at the bar and just waited to run our credit card for 15 minutes for whatever reason.
Very cool, very Brooklyn and very tasty. Awesome selection to choose from and casual ambiance. This has become one of my favorite go-to spots. The Dan Dan noodles are spicy and definitely a key item on the menu. The steamed dumplings and chop your head off soup are great also. Absolutely keeping this restaurant in our rotation.
excellent with very fresh ingredients.  My favorite chinese in the city.
Blown away by the food and service! From the moment you walk in your are immersed in delicious aroma, and the meal will be no let down. We started with dumplings followed by the duck crepes and a Dan Dan noodle dish (house staples recommended by staff) and were filled to our hearts content. Will definitely be back to try their dim sum brunch (Sundays only) and dying to test their soup dumplings...
I'm going to preface this by saying I'm a vegetarian, which greatly limited my food options. My omnivore friends would probably grant this place 4-5 stars. I had the egg fried rice (they had a fancier name for it, but I can't remember it). It was pretty bland. The service was okay - we were seated immediately on a Sunday night. We noticed that they brought the wrong dishes to our table a couple of times, so maybe there's a lack of communication between the waitstaff and the kitchen. The Beijing  street noodles were pretty tasty. Overall it was a meh meal. Definitely not worth the insane waits on the weekend.
Food was good and came out pretty fast. It was extremely crowded for a Wednesday night which is odd because I've been there on a Friday night and it was so serene and there was actually space to move. Anyway, it's way too loud. There was a lot of "what?" "what did you say?" going on at my small table.
THE SOUP DUMPLINGS ARE TO DIE FOR.With 3 or more people expect a wait.I would say this is a $$$ place rather than a $$.Well worth it though.
Delicious food, astoundingly abysmal service. I arrived at 7PM and asked about a table for six. I know, I know--group dinners. How dare we. However, as the site cheerily says, "tables turn over quickly, so you won't go home hungry."Oh ho! Not today. The host gave us a 45 minute estimate, so we packed up to nearby Union Pool. It took 90 minutes--with my husband very politely popping in twice to check--before we got a call from the host. After waiting outside for another FIFTEEN MINUTES, the host told us he "might" have to say something to the group who'd paid 30 minutes before, but hadn't left yet. Wait. What??Turning over tables on a Saturday night is literally your only job, sir. I think our startled faces clued him in, so the host finally asked the squatters to leave. Nearly 2 hours after being told we'd be seated in less than an hour. Plus, our party got a small bowl of white rice on the house for our patience! What joy. Really impressive.
Decent food, but the overall experience was just okay. We got here on a Friday night and got a seat right away at a tiny table. The overall environment was pretty dark, and the music was so loud I felt like everyone's screaming to hear each other.We got two noodle dishes and an appetizer, the Dan Dan noodle dish came out first, then by the time we finished, our appetizer came out and finally the last noodle dish came out.The food was decent, but the portion was really small- for $13 a bowl, the portion should be much larger.This is a pretty good option in Williamsburg for asian food, but if you can, the better options would be in China town.
Wanted to like this place so badly! The interior is great, awesome cozy feel with little extra elements hidden throughout. The waiter was great & super friendly, which is always a plus. I was lost on what to order & asked for a suggestion. Needless to say the portion was small & covered in salt!!! All I could tasted was salt, I was to nice to say something until I was asked "how was your food". I'll give this place one more try.
Had the soup dumplings, the chinese eggplant in garlic sauce, kung pao chicken and the copper well street noodles. The highlight was the eggplant and the copper noodles. Just the right amount of spice and tingly. The soup dumplings are good, but our were not hot enough, so they felt less soupy and more fatty.
Two words-SOUP...DUMPLINGS!This restaurant is a great addition to the Williamsburg food roster. I've had dinner here twice now and it only gets better each time. The space itself is deceiving unless you take a trip to the restroom and find that they have an extension which makes it a much more expansive restaurant than meets the eye.The menu comes with plenty of recommendations. The mock eel is a vegetable option which carries more flavor and meaty texture than most dishes that actually have meat in them. Being someone who could only eat mushrooms raw as a chid this is the type of dish that gives me hope in the greater mankind that anything IS possible. The Dan Dan Noodles are  not for the faint of heart in terms of spice but the elements of the noodle with the crunch of the peanuts and fresh scallions and minced meat are worth the burn.The Crispy Garlic Chicken has a a beautiful, crunchy exterior (one that can challenge the same type of crunchy skin that is normally seen with duck)  while still retaining all juices that are meant to taste in chicken but which so often is overlooked and easily compromised. Lastly, if the soup dumpling are on the daily specials do yourself some justice and order them. They are a stretch from your traditional broth that is normally floating inside these flavor bombs but are one of my favorites.  If you come with a larger party booths are available that are accompanied with a lazy susan which makes it easy to share with every one without having to inconveniently pass plates in between bites. This space is always busy upon opening for dinner service so I do recommend Getting there early or expect a wait time. Fortunately, they offer and call service if you decide to throw back a few at Union Pool which is next door while waiting for your table.
Yes yes yes. Love their food. Portions are huge and everything was delicious. I'll be back soon!
Love this place so much, it had already became my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC. Kings County Imperial provided the hip and nice environment for customers, whole restaurant and interior design keeps very Brooklyn style, little bit hipster and industrial, but very lovely and comfortable. Also, it provided very traditional Chinese taste dishes, especially their homemade spicy sauce, smelled very very good and comfort spicy level for us. Tea Smoked Mu Shu Duck with homemade pancake was looked like based on Peking Duck, but added more different Chinese cooking method to make this dish so good and more interesting. Homemade Scallion Chicken Buns with Orange Hoisin really surprised us so much, it was tasted very typical Chinese pork buns, but not so oily due to chicken instead; it can be more delicious if you try with special orange hoisin, it perfectly match!!! The most important point I love this place is no MSG!! I have very serious MSG sick, so I almost can't be relieved to have Chinese food. But here is good, no MSG and clean. We are really enjoyed to have dinner here and will come to again.
Delicious food, good ambience, great music selection, home made noodles, great vegetarian options. The dried beans and the mock eel where amazing.
Amazing! Great service, great atmosphere, great food. I don't even like mushrooms and loved the mock eel. Get there early enough for the soup dumplings! And order the Mai tai on draft.
This review is strictly for the food, since we did delivery. Hugely disappointed. I was really hopeful especially since there is no good Chinese food in Williamsburg. We ordered spring rolls, kung po chicken, the cucumbers and chengdu pork. The food was all over seasoned and salty that all the dishes (except for the spring rolls) all tasted the same. The biggest let down was the fact that our food came with no rice what so ever. We later learned you have to actually order rice separately. I have NEVER heard of this, especially given that this cost us $68. Hugely overpriced and over seasoned.
A hub of cultural appropriation,(white owners and Chef, Hispanic kitchen but your "authentic" Chinese? Yeah right) the manager won't stop handing it his number,  and there's way better Chinese food in this city for a much more reasonable price.  The dumpling skins are awful. The cocktails are excellent though.
Have been back to this place 4 times in the past 6 weeks.Soup Dumpings to DIE for. Everything is so delicious and good drinks too.Love sitting at the bar and ordering up a small feast. Dan Dan noodles so spicy but worth it. Sischuan Cucumbers (i know .. old news) but such a great counterpoint to the succulent meats and saucy noodles. I could douse the lemongrass soy sauce stuff (or whatever it is) that comes with the soup dumplings on everything.Very nice accomodating and attentive service also.A little loud.
This is my new favorite neighborhood restaurant. It is definitely the most elevated Asian cuisine in the area. I would compare it to Mission Chinese, bc it's got the hip + delicious factor, without the obnoxiously long wait. My boyfriend loves the mock eel, I love the soup dumplings, the mapo tofu and all the cocktails. One downside --  a little pricier than expected ($12 for 6 dumplings?). We always indulge in a few rounds of Shanghai mules, but most recently I tried this vibrantly blue cocktail that looked like Kool-Aid and tasted like heaven. Go.
I really, really wanted to like this place -- I'm just a few blocks away, and I had high hopes that this would be the Han Dynasty/Cafe China of Williamsburg. We visited last weekend and ordered a pretty good selection of food. In general the dishes we tried tended to taste too sweet.Tiger Salad: wasn't a fan of this... It was really sweet. the one from Xian Famous Foods is way better.Cucumbers: This was okay, but not memorable.Garlic Eggplant: I'm a huge eggplant fan, so this was pretty good to me. My friends thought it was undercooked...Kung Pao Chicken: This was really good. Probably my favorite dish here.Ma Po Dofu: This was really disappointing. Way too sweet. Chengdu Pork: This was a good balance of flavors & spice.Dan Dan Noodles: This was okay, more ginger-y, less peanut-y than other places. I'd say Han Dynasty still has the best Dan Dan noodles.Rice: I was really disappointed with the quality of the rice here. It tasted really dry and stiff.Overall, the prices are on the high end (comparable to Cafe China), but the quality of the food doesn't compare. Service is fine -- a little slow. The ambiance is nice and lively.
Great little place on a Brooklyn side street with comfortable atmosphere and décor.  The service was attentive, the menu extensive and the food top notch.  We stuck to appetizers and a few beers, and that was more than enough to satisfy.  My absolute favorite was the hot and sour soup.  Had a slightly smoky flavor which I've never experienced before.   Best I've ever had, and I've tasted plenty of hot and sour.  Look forward to the backyard patio opening when the weather warms!
Yum! Love this place and so happy it's a few blocks from our apt. Have traveled across China and ate at the best Sichuan and Chengdu restaurants there and can attest Kings County captures the spirit in their own way. Order anything with sichuan peppercorns or the red chilies. Soup dumplings are great too. Faves is the Yeungshau fried rice, chengdu pork, and mapo tofu. The pea shoots can be hit or miss, miss when it's not well seasoned and salted.Stay away from the Crispy garlic chicken, it's way overpriced for the small portions and not tasty at all. Everything else is great, including the service, staff is friendly!
Incredible meal! The wait to be seated was nearly an hour (place was packed), but it was well worth it. Duck was the best I've ever had. The bok choy was so good, it could have been a meal itself. The General Manager, Omir Sosa, was sweet and accommodating, excellent customer service. I am eager to return.
Amazing. Some of the best Chinese food I've had in my life.
Dan Dan tasted like lo mein... (I may even go so far to say that Vanessa's has better Dan Dan)Mapo lacked a velvety, complex sauce; tofu was too firm.Not a hint of Sichuan peppercorn was detectable in either dish.Long pork dumplings (4 per order) were good but the $12 price tag cannot be justified. Why waste Berkshire pork on a dumpling?Green beans with pork were actually pretty good and authentic. Crispy duck was the best dish, though the side of julienned veggies seemed like an afterthought.Overall, most items were overpriced for the portions, especially when compared to staples like La Vie en Szechuan and Hot Kitchen. And rice ($2 a cup) is not included with entrees?!?The fact that they brew their own soy sauce (which is fine) and grow their own ingredients does not make up for the awful perpetuation of food gentrification in this area. I worry that those uninitiated to "traditional" Chinese food will come here thinking that they're getting the real deal because General Tso's isn't on the menu. If you want farm-to-table Chinese food, go to ****ing China. If you want Chinese food with training wheels, then you don't want Chinese food.Nice, intimate space though. Perfect for a date. Great Hemmingway daq!
Delicious Chinese food. Really good. The pork soup dumplings and sesame noodles in particular. The drinks - though way too slow to arrive (first drinks came after we got our third dish) - were creative and tasty. Place had a vibe straight out of 1950s Hawaii. Food/drinks alone were 4-5 stars. But the place loses a few big points because the A/C was turned up so high that we became so cold, and being there quickly became pretty miserable. Menus were blowing off the table, we were shivering. We asked the waitress to please turn the thermostat up, and while she said she would, she didn't. A restaurant has a duty to make sure its patrons aren't dining in a Siberian tundra or walk-in freezer. Shouldn't have to bring a parka to a restaurant on an August evening or worry about catching pneumonia when ordering dumplings. It's pretty inexcusable. It's a shame cause otherwise the place was pretty great. And would be a standard neighborhood go-to. I'd love to eat there again and again. But until they learn how to use a freaking thermostat, we won't be going back. We'll stick to take-out.
I never eat Chinese food but this place is amazing. The mock eel is amazing like nothing I've experienced. The soup dumplings are great. I rather these than anything in Chinatown. This place is clean!  The shrimp dishes are fresh. Finally the drinks are unique and employees very helpful.
Came by today at 2:30 for the Friday brunch that is advertised on their website and was featured on Gothamist today only to be told by the guy washing the windows that they only open on Friday for dinner at 6pm. A manager wouldn't even come out to talk to us despite the fact that there was obviously a manager present. For an out of the way location definitely not worth it for the lousy customer service.
Kings gets 5 stars, not because it is necessarily a 5 star restaurant, but because you'll find the best Chinese food in Williamsburg/Greenpoint here.  The decor is nice, as the venue looks more like a speak easy then a Chinese food establishment, partially due to King's location, at the foot of a small brownstone.  The staff is great, as we were greeted, seated and served promptly.  The food is really great, as is the menu.   We had the long dumplings, fantastic, the chick dumplings, also fantastic, the long beans, delicious, the duck was ok, and the shrimp with boo Chou was excellent.  We'll be returning to try most items on the menu.
My wife convinced me to head into Brooklyn on our day off to check out Imperial. After checking out there website, where they advertised Friday Brunch until four we traveled an hour to get there. Upon arriving they were not open for business. Employees were going in and out and avoiding eye contact. It seemed like we weren't the first to have this problem today. The one person we did speak to went inside to find a manager but nobody came out to talk to us. They just waited for us to leave. Really?
I'm not Chinese, so I can't tell you if the cuisine is authentic in any way.  I can tell you that it's really good.  The atmosphere is fun and the servers seem enthused about sharing the kitchen's bounty with customers.  Drinks are potent, good for groups, kids are welcome (yay, Brooklyn). Favorite dishes were:  beef hot pot, fried dumplings and sautéed greens, but we liked everything.  It's more expensive than we're used to, but it was clear that the ingredients were high quality.  Will return!
Me and Chinese food haven't always gotten along. In fact, for a kid who ate everything, I hated it. If it wasn't for some excellent dim sum over the years, I may not have even given this place a thought. Turns out, I was just eating really crappy Chinese food, as Kings County Imperial is a welcome addition. If you're looking for MSG loaded greasy crap to satiate your taste buds, don't come here. The ingredients here are home grown and if you're a fan of cilantro, there's a whole salad full of it just waiting for you. They offer mai tai on tap as well as other tiki style cocktails which go well with the chicken dim sum I ordered. Definitely a nice place to bring your parents in Williamsburg if that's important to you, with a very understated elegance in the dining room. I think this is one of those places where eating in person is much better than getting take out.
I ordered takeout from here tonight and was pretty excited to try this place since I live right around the corner. I picked up my food and noticed when I got home that they forgot the rice. When I called them they told me they use organic rice and it's not included with any of the dishes.. it's 2 dollars extra. They also told me me this is clearly listed on their menu.  Looking at the website now and there's no mention of this on their online menu at all.. so I basically just paid for a bowl of mushy eggplant. If you're gonna do something weird like not include rice at a Chinese place make it obvious for your customers.
Ok food sub par service.  The waitress asked us if we wanted our food to come out together and we said yes.  The noodles came out first and then we waited and waited so we asked the waitress where the other dish was. She then explained that the food was served family style and it would be out when it's out ok that's weird considering you asked if we wanted it at the same time.  The food wasn't bad but it didn't wow me.  I would try this place out again but only for take out because the clientele seems to be bro hipsters.
Holy shit. Thank the goddess.  Williamsburg has a good restaurant that isn't new american. This restaurant is grand sichuan plus fresh clean ingredients and good atmosphere and five blocks from my house. I will be coming here once a week and I don't give a shit how much it costs. It is amazing. And again. Thank the goddess. Done.
Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. The staff is excellent and am looking forward to returning. I recommend the long dumplings as well as green beans for a side.
I love this place! First off, the cocktails are super delicious with a tiki theme made with fresh herbs and edible flowers from the garden, I assume while it is warm enough out. I tried several and didn't want to stop, but of course had to...!! The food is really wonderful. Delicious food, I particularly loved the Chinese Eggplant, Mock Eel made from shiitake mushrooms and the Steel Pot Beef which was super good. I could literally be happy eating these two dishes forever, but thankfully there are so many good dishes on the menu you are safe trying a whole bunch. I'm going back this Friday to try some new dishes! They also have a lovely garden in the back where they even grow some of the veggies. The ambiance is really nice as well.Nice touch: at the bar you can charge your phone if you have your cord; they will be starting delivery and dim sum brunch apparently in a couple of weeks.Parking: plenty on the street and tons under the BQE- great for Brooklynites like me who drive and don't bother going to Park Slope because I can never find parking.
Stellar food. Each dish was exceptionally executed. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, wok seared pea shoots, salt and pepper dry fried tofu and the peach buckle with ginger ice cream. Then we ordered another peach buckle because we needed more and the peaches came from the tree in the restaurant's backyard. Food came out very fast, and our server was energetic and helpful. Only downside: the seating was pretty uncomfortable. Will be excited to come back and try the other dishes!
We went as a party of 8 and from picky kids to spicy food lovers we could not have been happier! Everything was delicious- steel pot beef, dumplings, eggplant, garlic chicken, salt and pepper tofu, dandan noodles, sesame noodles...truly everything. The staff were helpful with amounts to order for the family style meal, and were refilling drinks as needed. The atmosphere was really cool too. It was such a great night out, and really we could not have loved it more! Best Chinese food!
$45+ per person "date night" Chinese food is not likely to take off when the place is just OK. I have a feeling the attempts at szechuan are a s*itshow and would recommend you avoid. $12 for 4 dumplings is laughable - was there really Berkshire pork in there? No way to tell. Red chicken with soy was too salty. The draft soy really is quite good and the wok dishes and mains seem to be your best bet. Nice space, but +1 for them being on uber eats (eats-chrisk3043 = $10 off your first order).
Still stellar. Returned to KIC and found it just as awesome. Special cocktail (and dessert -- too full to try) using fresh peaches from the backyard. Both the peach cocktail and mai tai on tap were incredibly balanced and not too sweet (my pet peeve).Service was friendly, professional, relaxed.All dishes were the business. Not a dud in the bunch. Dry-fry longbeans, radish cake, long dumplings, steel pot beef and --my favorite -- the mapo tofu (BEYOND). If you still haven't tried this place, you're very silly.
Welcome addition to the neighborhood. The closest to Chinese food you can get in Williamsburg/Greenpoint area. A bit pricey but, a nice convenience to have when craving a good, tasty Chinese meal that won't make you feel sick afterward.  I'll be back!!
Delicious Szechuan food served in a great setting! My favorite dishes include dan dan noodles, salt and pepper dry fry and the Chinese long bean. Many great vegetarian options. Solid cocktails. Truly a great addition to the neighborhood.
We ordered the Dan Dan noodle and Kung Pao chicken both perfectly spicy! Wash it down with a delish Mai Tai
Fantastic addition to the neighborhood. Delicious highlights include the soup dumplings, mock eel, duck, dry pot beef, and various fun tiki cocktails. Love a table with a lazy Susan too. Maybe a bit pricier than I'd like, but worth it. The moment you step inside the aroma tells you the food will taste great.
Came here for dinner last weekend!The vibe is charming, but the food was only okay. We got the half chicken and the pork fried rice but all of the food came out pretty oily and overwhelmed with soy sauce. Not the best Chinese food in my opinion.
I have no idea what kind of psycho people rated this 4 stars or below...Warm atmosphere. Soup Dumplings. Dan Dan Noodles. Mu Shu Duck. Couple of beers. Go to Sunday night spot to get your mind right before the week. Probably about 10-15% overpriced, but they clearly care about the preparation of the food. Worth the $.
Epic. Everything made in-house from what I can tell. Not your average Chinese restaurant. I'm just a Jew who likes Chinese food, this really hit the spot.
Delicious food. The sauce of the cucumber salad made me so emotional that I immediately texted my mom in China. :)
Let me start by saying I could eat the long dumplings and chicken dumplings with the string beans and pea shoots every night. Paired with one of the unique cocktails and you can't go wrong. Have been three times already. Also love the clay pot beef. Delicious.
Omg, omg, omg....soooooooo delicious.We had soup dumplings, which my husband said were the best he ever had, the garlic chicken, that sauce is like crack, the eggplant which was so good and the pork fried rice which, for fried rice, was pretty light and not greasy.Service was good as well.Seriously, can't wait to go back.
Had a great and amazing time with my friends here the other night! Everything was super delicious! Started with cocktails at the bar, very good and the bartender was nice and attentive as well.Then once we sat it was amazing flavor after amazing flavor! Love the dumplings, so good! the noodles there are great as well, highly recommend both!Will be back again soon!
AH-MAZE-ING... what's not to like about this authentic Chinese spot in Williamsburg? Delicious cocktails (King Kamehameha & Soused Pacific -yum) paired with salty, spicy intricately flavored food, a win in my book. I've tried the Tiger Salad, Spring Rolls, Garlic Eggplant, Dan Dan Noodles, and the Chengdu Pork. The eggplant was so creamy and garlicy and sticky and gingery and salty and sweet and unctuous, omg salivating just thinking about it!!! And the Dan Dan noodles with minced pork - you know when you eat something spicy that is soooo good, I mean super tasty, silky noodles packed with umami and even though they kinda burn your tongue, you simply don't care and you cannot help but keep digging your chopsticks in for more?! Those are these noodles and if you like spicy porky noodles then you need to do yourself a favor and GET OVA HEA STAT. #thatisall #micdrop
Great and friendly service, there was a bit of a wait (about 45mins) but that's expected at a good place. The owner came over after we were seated and apologized for the wait, she really didn't have to. She was friendly, asked how we liked the food and told us all about the locally raised chicken, which is delicious! I'm not a huge fan most Chinese food because I find it a little too greasy, but this food is anything but! The food is spicy and flavorful and I highly recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the garlic chicken. The cocktails are great too!
Have only managed to do brunch here so far but our two experiences were really great!  Tasty cocktails and very good dumplings and noodles.  Can't wait to check out their dinner menu.
Great hot and sour soup. Been there a bunch of times. Food sometimes better than others. Soup dumplings are average (shanghai 33 for the best). My only real complaint is they really push drinks on you here. That has been consistent every time I've been there. That said I love the atmosphere and effort put into their creations.
Yum! Haven't had anything less than awesome from these guys, although I'm obsessed with their dumplings. Two thumbs up!
I could not be more excited that KCI just opened in my neighborhood. It's the perfect blend of chill vibes and FANTASTIC food, with the friendliest waitstaff imaginable and a complex yet accessible menu. The cocktails are phenomenal, which is, of course, a requirement. I would highly recommend this spot to anyone - I wanted everything on the menu!!!!!
The only problem with KCI is that they aren't open right now, at 10am, when my dan dan mein cravings always seem to hit. Probably for the best, though:  if they were open all day, I'd end up eating every meal here.
Meh, disappointing. Not awful but definitely not great. Like others I really wanted to like this place due to lack of great Chinese in the neighborhood but ill stick to m Shanghai. Way overpriced and under seasoned.
Great space, great vibes, great drinks (nice bar too) and friendly staff. But so much of the food was very salty. Would've been great if they eased off on the salt on some of the dishes.
Fantastic, genuinely authentic chinese food in a traditional shanghainese-ish trendy-esque environment.  I was stunned by the dishes - every dish hit all of the right notes and they aren't afraid to venture into exotic territory, such as their old tofu and bean curd steamed whole fish specials tonight.  They keep the American traditional favorites, such as fried rice, but there is room to explore.  The soup dumpling special wowed us, especially.  The drinks are rum-centric and sweet but they have a fantastic beer selection too.  The service seemed a little hectic and shell-shocked (they only opened recently), but the bartender maneuvered like a pro.  The best part has to be when you almost walk past it, it is so unassuming like a dimly lit neighborhood dive on the outside, but then you walk in, and are immediately flabbergasted by the chinoiserie decor and the intimate setting.  We were impressed and will definitely return.
delicious, thoughtfully prepared chinese food that fills your belly and expands your senses. drink specials to tickle your fancy. house made soy sauce that will blow your mind. amazing service. lovely decor. seriously. if you're not already on your way there now, get going.
Really unimpressed, and I had heard great things about it. I guess if you can't be bothered to go into the city this is decent, and there's nothing else in Wburg like it, but the prices are ridiculous. It's like $12 for dan dan noodles at a smaller size than what you get at Grand Sichuan (or even Han Dynasty for that matter) for half the price. Maybe I was overanalyzing it because of the price point, but the mapo tofu didn't really taste quite right to me either...too sweet, not spicy enough. When I went on a Thursday it was very slow -- not too many people but they kept bring us other people's orders. Mapo didn't come out until 25-30 minutes after the other entree -- right when I told the waiter passing we were ready to leave and just cancel the order, it came right out. Also $2 charge for a cup of sticky rice that tastes like it was made with dirty water. If I paid half as much I wouldn't have been so disappointed, but I went on a trip out of the neighborhood to meet a friend here can't see ever going back.
Wow.. I'm always looking for good Chinese. Holy Moly I found it. It's a little pricey, but worth every penny. It's like going to a high-end restaurant. I actually ordered this thru Door Dash. And it arrived quickly and super hot. It is beyond.. I had the Beef, Eggplant and side of rice. Do it. I am a foodie food snob and this place is amazing.
Place has an awesome feel to it. They have a nice backyard too. Had the Soup Dumplings and the Spring Roll. Both ridiculous!
welcome to the neighborhood! this place is fantastic and a much needed addition to this area. the space is beautiful and cozy. staff and owners are very welcoming and friendly. Most importantly, the food is delicious. Had the soup dumplings, angry pig, spring roll and shrimp. loved every drop! can't wait to go back and try something else!
