Very kind service. So delicious food. And delivery faster than other stores. I've been here 2 years. They do very good business, so their food is very fresh. And most important thing is they always got "A". That's one more reason I order here all the time.
Good old American Chinese joints. Some say they're all the same, but the true budget connoisseurs can always tell. China Express has it all.Free (incredibly fast) delivery, $10.00 minimum. The food is good, not at all over-salty or greasy. Prices are pretty much the same as any other, so you can eat for days on almost nothing! As a further note, here they say they exclusively use soybean oil. I'm allergic to peanuts and I didn't immediately seize up and die, so I must take them at their word.Missing star due to missing fortune cookie. Tragic!
Really, really good, super cheap chinese food that delivers.I got:Fried Wontons: Great, only $3.25, ordered with hunan sauce instead of pink sauce :)Eggdrop Wonton Soup: No complaints, $2House Special Lo Mein: Pretty decent portion, $5
This place will not meet high expectations, but if you're coming to a place like this you're likely just expecting face and cheap chinese food. This is a good place to eat if you're hungry and want quick food that will definitely fill you up on the cheap. This place is pretty americanized, but what do you expect. In the end, its just another cheap,fast chinese food spot, not a place to take out-of-towners.
I have ordered lunch from here twice because it is close to my work place. The food is decent but the woman who takes the orders over the phone always sounds like she can care less to get your business. Very unenthusiastic, robotic voice, ignores my questions. I'm hoping she's not the owner. Because of her I will not be ordering from this place again.Also, don't order the dumplings, they are just the frozen ones which can be bought from Chinese supermarkets. Definitely not worth the price.
It's hard to find good Chinese food around Brooklyn, but this place has changed my mind about that. I took another reviewer's recommendation of getting the orange chicken (extra crispy) and it really hit the spot. I also recommend the general tso's chicken and the egg drop soup when it's cold outside. Very comforting when you are home sick or fighting a cold!Not a great place to eat in, but good for take-out or delivery.
Been coming to this spot for years. Its a Thursday night tradition. Their service is swift, the food is fresh and the prices are right. They are cash only and they crank out some tried and true favorites. Whether you're jonesing for fried chicken wings and French fries, or general Tso's chicken with pork fried rice, they always come thru. Having experienced some great dumplings in Chinatown, I do not care for the dumplings at China Express. The wonton is too gummy and doughy and the filling is lacking some fresh herbs. The wonton soup is good though.
Very picky in Chinese food and order the same thing always, beef & broccoli is good the beef is actually beef or looks it and the broccoli is fresh every time I ordered. I never had a spring roll until this place and that was something I've been missing out on. Good take out!
I addition to the massive amount of MSG, food coloring and meat tenderizer, the crispy cockroach is the real secret ingredient in their dishes. Eat at your own risk.
On point.I'm so happy I found this place as my go-to for Chinese takeout. Food comes fast for delivery, piping hot and delicious. Cheap too.I got a quart of shrimp with mixed vegetables, came with rice. And a wonton soup. It was at my door within 15 minutes. The wonton soup had great flavor and was perfect for the freezing winter day. Shrimp and vegetables were cooked just right. Great.A+
Absolutely delicious food. You will have a hard time finding a better Chinese (Chinese-American fast food) restaurant in New York. The egg and spring rolls are absolutely delicious. The prices are super cheap for New York and the portions are massive and everything on the menu tastes amazing!! Will definitely go here often now that I had moved to Williamsburg.
I've been a regular customer at China Express for the past eight months. I've always gone in with a smile, ordered politely, never caused any headaches or hassles like I've seen other people do. I think that people who work in the food industry work very hard and deserve a lot of respect for the dedication and effort they put into serving their customers and having an upstanding establishment. However, today when I went in for a small fries ($1.75) I gave a $10 when my food was ready and was only given $3 back. I got confused once I looked down at my change as I was walking out... I gave a $10 bill but was only given $3 back. I checked my purse to make sure I hadn't accidentally given some other bill, but I knew the only money I brought with me was a $10 from my bag which I left at work. That was the only money I had - a single, $10 bill. I knew it was $10 because I owed my colleague $5 for doing me a favor and went to break the change with my fries.I quickly went back to the counter and told them I didn't get back the right change. I thought the woman who handled my money would rack her mind and realize that it was a $10 and she misthought when she was putting it in the till. I wasn't expecting her to so adamantly insist that what I handed over was a $5. She didn't believe me at all, it's like she saw me as someone trying to take money from the restaurant by telling a lie. I told her that I knew I only had a $10 bill on me, and that I even looked at the $10 on the way to the restaurant to calculate I would get $8 back, enough to cover my colleague and have a couple of dollars left for myself. But she refused to believe I had given her a $10. She told me I gave her a $5. I told them I would go back to work and check my bag to see if I had left the $10 in my bag and grabbed the wrong bill (somehow, even though I only had a $10).I came back, of course there was no $10. It was gone because they had it. When I called back to tell her again that it was a $10, she told me again she was 100% certain that I gave her a $5 which is why she gave me back $3. When I got the same response. I started crying. I knew no matter what I said, I wasn't going to get my money back. She clearly told me that she didn't know what to tell me, that they don't do things that way and that I would not be getting any money back. I felt like shouting, "What do you mean you can't do it? You have to do it! It's your customer's change! If you knew you gave someone a $10 bill and they told you it was $5, would you not fight for it too? You took my money. I want my change, that's all. A $10 bill is a lot to give someone, only to get $3 back when you ordered something that cost $1.75. You kept $5 extra of mine and I want it back."But I didn't. I cried instead, and told them I wouldn't go back. But I know they won't mind. They get lots of business, and all I ever was to them was a couple of sodas/crispy noodles/fries/lunch specials a week. But I'm tired of being that customer that so readily accepts that things are their fault, because they're told so. By nature I'm apologetic. With each order I place or money I hand over I'm very meek and mild. I always keep up my end of the transaction, say my please and thank you's, and move as quickly as possible to make room for other customers. But this behavior is exactly what leads to people thinking they could take advantage of you. Anyway, it's almost unbelievable, the shock that occurs once you realize your money is gone. If you're doubting this review, don't. If you think they were in the right and it was probably me who made the mistake, you're wrong. If you think I probably did give a $5, don't.  I used to like China Express, especially when they brought their little baby in. But I was stolen from and I won't go back. I hope they reply to this and offer to give me my change. I can see that they check up on their customer service from that letter they posted on the mirror, saying one customer's loyal and genuine feedback and suggestions. Please read this China Express.
Cheap fresh tasty food. Dumplings are doughy but the Singapore rice noodles are great.
Excellent American Chinese food, but the quality of the fried stuff is kind of inconsistent. Sometimes perfect, not greasy, and delicious - other times doughy and lukewarm. The general tsos and orange beef are our go-tos, and way spicier and more garlicky than most takeout joints.
This is hands down the best General Tso I've had in NYC. The delivery is quick. The prices are cheap. Crab rangoons are dope.
I lived in the east village where Chinese food options were rampant. After moving to Williamsburg, I've tried so many Chinese take out spots around me and none of them were good until I found China Express. This place is legit. Friendly service, quick delivery and delicious food.
I have to say, as chinese delivery goes in Brooklyn this place is great. Always comes so fast and is really good.  I'm not sayin it's prime Chinese cuisine, but totally gets the job done and then some, for extremely cheap!
I am not sure why this place has so any good reviews. It is mediocre at best. The General Tso's was soggy and tough at the same time. And the sauce was very bland. Boneless spare ribs were super dry. The only thing I found flavorful was the free egg roll. It was delicious!! Tasted homemade and it was super crisp! I hoped that based on all the good reviews this place would be promising, but it was a serious let down. The search for a perfect junk food Chinese place continues .....
The food here is good.  I question the 5-star reviews because while it's good, it is not the world's greatest Chinese food.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is friendly. I eat here pretty frequently and will continue to do so.
On point food right here.Orange chicken is crack.Hot sour soup - superb.Pork fried rice - damn good.Delivery dude - very friendly.Phone lady - same.
I am a big fan of Chinese food. I always find it comforting and delicious. After moving to Brooklyn in the fall and having a particularly stressful week at work the only thing I wanted was a nice big plate of Chinese food, specifically chicken and eggplant (my favorite). After searching for Chinese take out places in my area and having no luck I found China Express located three subway stops from me. It was a source of light in my otherwise dreary week because they had my favorite entrée along with really good prices. This place has become a Friday ritual for me and I have to say it has not once disappointed me. The food is consistently good and the prices are very reasonable. You get a big portion of food and it comes steaming hot. The chicken is tender and they give you a lot of eggplant which is coated in a delicious garlic sauce.Since I am a creature of habit I can only speak on behalf of the chicken and eggplant, wonton soup and eggrolls which are all delicious. The only thing I would avoid would be the fried dumplings which were just average and nothing special.If you are looking for a great take-out spot, this place cannot be beat
Chinese fast food, sometimes all you need is an order of their chicken wings with fried rice. The portions are huge even for a regular order and they cook it the way you like it, more gravy/ less rice. The cashiers are also very orderly and works fast.
A solid 5 stars delivery place. Food at China Express is probably better and cheaper than any fancy restaurants in Williamsburg/Bushwick/Asian food hell.  It's also not super salty, sweet and heart-burn ready like the rest of the Americanized Chinese take-out places. The lady that answers the phone is very efficient., which is exactly what I want when I have to order food on the phone (and not online). This place is totally worth talking on the phone for 30 seconds.
Exactly what I was looking for out of Chinese delivery, they're fast, plus the delivery guy is really nice. The food has never been greasy and the portions are really big! enough for 2 or 3 meals. One lost star for the dumplings (steamed pork), the skin was really really thick and the filling looked a little mysterious.
This is our new go to Chinese delivery spot. The food was delicious, service was prompt, and the prices were very reasonable.We ordered quite a feast and the total was just $35, we were satisfied with everything that was delivered! Here are some of the items we ordered:-Egg rolls - holy crap, these were amazing I wish we had ordered more.-Sweet and Sour chicken - served with the sauce on the side, usually something I don't like but their chicken was tender and the sauce was perfect-Orange chicken - My favorite dish we ordered super tender and seasoned with small pieces of orange in the sauce. so good!-Pork fried rice - again, so good! Juicy little pork bits in very good rice cooked just right-Hot and sour soup - my girlfriend loved it, saved a lot and it heated up very well-Sesame chicken - almost as good as the orange chicken, just as tender. down to personal preference-Dumplings were devoured before I could try one, that must be a good sign!Plus all the portions were generous, we had extra steamed rice, and so many packets of sauce (if you like them). I wasn't sure if the small portion was enough food, and it ended up being the perfect portion size. I'd highly recommend China Express if you're feeling like a Chinese feast at reasonable prices!
This place is so delicious! I expect take-out Chinese to be super greasy. I also expect for most places to have a single, tasteless bean curd option for vegetarians. China Express is definitely the exception! They have multiple vegetarian options and everything is freshly prepared. You even get a choice of white or brown rice. My personal favorites are the General Tso Bean Curd and Veggie Lo Mein. I love the Scallion Pancakes too - they're light and fluffy, very little grease, and come with the delectable brown sauce. The pricing here is out of this world to boot! $5.25 lunch specials everyday! You can eat-in or take-out... definitely more of a take-out environment but the restaurant does have a few booths and a counter with stools. They recently renovated and everything is new and very clean. Staff is amazing, fast delivery... can't say enough positive things! p.s Cash only!
I order delivery from this spot...they are quick and the food is great...I mostly order the shrimp and broccoli and the sweet and sour chicken...the shrimp are large and cooked perfectly...great experiences with them thus far...
For chinese delivery you can't get any better. Ordered many times always fast and good. I've order from all the other local spots and have been disappointed and gotten sick.
First off, it was hard to find places open during Hurricane Sandy, let alone places that delivered. We were so happy to find China Express, which had both things covered.We ordered sweet and sour soup, sweet and sour chicken, and kung pao beef.The size small sweet and sour soup was a little bigger than I expected. I add the chili sauce, which gave it a nice kick. The soup was super hot, which was good. I would rather wait a little to let food cool than have to reheat it. it had plenty of stuff in it-- it wasn't just broth. I would definitely get it again if I visit NY again.The small sweet and sour with white rice was the kind I don't like, where the chicken and sauce come seperate. Normally I don't like this kind, but this one was really good. Usually when they come seperate, the chicken is super greasy, but this chicken was fried well; no excess oil.My wife got the kung pao beef, which turned out to be chicken, and pork fried rice. Initially she was disappointed, but once she started eating it she enjoyed it. It also came with a pork egg roll, which I ate, dipping it into the sweet and sour chicken sauce. This is a great place to get food from. We both ate to our fill, and there was more than half the food left. Our total came to $13.50 before tip, which I thought was a phenomenal price. My wife ordered, and she thought the lady said it was $30, so it was a pleasant surprise for us.
Friendly service, pause, think, friendly service! Can't brag enough, quick, cheap, tasty and friendly!!
Best chinese food in the area! Clean place, friendly workers, and they have fast delivery.  Food is always fresh and tasty. Try the chicken and eggplant, one of my favorite dishes.
Believe the hype. The prices are low and the food is fresh. The real game changer for me was the dumplings. Most Chinese delivery places give you very soggy dumplings. This restaurant on the other hand has the best I've EVER HAD.
By far the best Chinese food in Bushwick.  The boneless spare ribs were crispy and lean and the chicken and broccoli was to fantastic and fresh. The delivery was quick and friendly.
The prices are good, but the food is meh. The chicken fried rice only has onions and unseasoned chicken in it. Nothing else. Wtf?
Whhaaaaaat?! I went way out of my to go here based on the stellar reviews and it was totally disgusting. Everything about the food was bad. Overcooked everything, really bad quality meat, gloppy flavorless sauces. It was cheap, yes, but not worth going back to ever again.
Best american style chinese food. The shrimp egg roll is crisp without being oily, the veggie actually have flavor and are crunchy, and the lo mein is awesome. Try the bbq boneless ribs - the combo with the fried rice is great. The people are super nice and the delivery guy is really really fast. Don't get chinese food from any where else.
I love China express! I am a big fan of Chinese food. I used to be addicted to Chinese musician, until I realized the place is filthy and disgusting. So I started ordering from here. Food is way better, friendly delivery guys, and the place is clean. Oh and did I mention it is ridiculously cheap?! This is exactly what nyc Chinese delivery should be and more!
This is one of the best Chinese Restraunts in Brooklyn...Kam kau need a class and lesson on cooking all over there food is gross now.Im happy I found this spot.The Lomein is great.And the shrimp fried rice and the sesame chicken and shrimp...
Finally a good Chinese restaurant near Williamsburg! I ordered delivery and it arrived in around an hour. Definitely a little long, but the food was still hot. I ordered General Tso and chicken with broccoli. Both were great. The large orders are huge. I imagine most people can't even finish half. It is a really good value for $9. Definitely recommended.
You're going to get sick of it... but hear me out... extra crispy.  If you want anything delivered it should be a two word combo you use often.  Chicken parm... extra crispy.  General Tsos chicken... extra fricken' crispy.  Same same but different.  This place ain't bad, def best Chinese delivery by Graham Ave L stop... have to ask for fortune cookies and the crispy noodles.  My fave's are the GTC, Orange Beef, Boneless BBQ Spareribs, Sweet & Sour Everything, etc etc.  If your order the Moo Shu get extra hoisin sauce on the side because they don't send any.
It is amazing inexpensive Chinese food. It is the best in BK because believe me.... my boyfriend and I have been looking. They deliver to burg and they are soooo affordable. The general tso bean curd is amazing. really tasty. and crispy. my boyfriend has tried everything else and yes!! we will order from here all the time. the lunch special is only $5.25.
Best chinese in Williamsburg! I had tried multiple chinese takeout places in the hood, and they all were big downers. This place was the bomb. Cheap but delicious. The sesame tofu was so good. Dumplings were delish. This place is THE take out place for the area.
I enjoyed my brief time at China Expresss.  I ordered a Mongolian beef.  It had the little pepper beside it on the menu but it wasn't that spicy.  It fact it was pretty sweet.  So if I could turn back the hands of time I would grab one of their hot sauce bottles behind the counter.  It's a very big portion with a side of white rice.  I purchased a can of Diet Pepsi as well.  I know the aspartame is going to kill me but I did it anyway.  I'm so ashamed.
Yummi food, low price and excellent service! Only thing: please put a better english speaking lady on the phone! The one you have barely understands and gets annoyed easily lol
I have lived in Williamsburg for 4 years now and have not been able to find a good Chinese place in the hood.. until now. This place is legit. The reviews are too. Believe them. I've had the dumplings, the fried rice, chow fun, lo mein.. it's all amazing. Especially the dumplings!!! Such a game changer. The prices are low, delivery is quick (even to me - I live almost in Greenpoint) and again - THE DUMPLINGS. A++
This place has the only good Chinese takeout food in Williamsburg. Stuff is actually made to order and not microwaved. Bueno.
Believe the hype, this place is as good as everyone says it is!I ordered the steamed pork dumplings, and had to stop myself from shoving them all in my mouth at once!  They came with a not-too-sweet plum sauce.  I also had the egg drop soup.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was definitely above average.  The chicken chow mein was exactly the way it's supposed to be: light and creamy, with plenty of onions and cabbage.Pretty quick delivery and cheap!!! I highly reccomend.
Amazing Chicken wings in garlic sauce. GOTTA TRY THEM. Their fried rice is great too!! Solid american Chinese food
Cheap and soooooo goood, what else can you ask for? the best in BK period. and they are fast
Local, fast, cheep, fresh... If u want a veggie option try the Triple Jade with cashew nuts is prob one of the best on the menu! A must try!
This is my favorite Chinese delivery place!  I live in Bed Stuy and they delivered to me, sometimes it's tough to find decent delivery here.  General Tso chicken was delicious.  The broccoli was fresh and perfectly steamed, still crunchy.  Yum!
I have lived around the corner from China Express my whole life. Thank you for coming to the neighborhood. I wish I had a great story like it was once the place where a sting op went down or something but the best thing about this place is the food!They deliver very fast, are always friendly, memorize your orders and recommend alternatives when you're looking for a change, have an atm in the store, seriously at 11:45 pm I'm not that worried about the fees and always ask if I need extra sauce.I've eaten all over BK and aside from an even smaller hole in the wall over on Lewis, China Express is the best of its kind.Steamed Dumplings!!!!Curry Chicken with Brown Rice!!!!Egg Foo Young!!!!Soups!!!Rices!!!!Ribs!!!Support these hard working people and your tastebuds will thank you!
Pretty much the best place for the price.It's the vegetables -- they actually taste fresh. Though, I have to say... when they say small, it really is small. I mean, the rice bucket that came delivered was puny. I would recommend an added order or the larger size. (be careful with things like fries because they will be soggy from the steam) The combos are good sizes and cheap though.I've tried more expensive Chinese takeout places and most of the time, they were crap.I think they should advertise more. I don't want this place to die out.
American-style Chinese food at its best. This is the best Chinese place that delivers to my apartment. Portions are very large (remember to ask for a large portion) and the prices are great. Delivery is really fast. Not really a place for dining in.
Every time we move to a new neighborhood, we all go through the same process of slowly going through all the shitty neighborhood chinese places until we find the least shitty one, or at least, the most convenient.When I moved to the Montrose stop, and went through the list, I kind of despaired of ever getting chinese delivery here, because all the other ones around here are SO bad. And then, Yelp to the rescue!Let's get one thing straight: this is still a hole-in-the-wall, generically named, extremely unhealthy chinese delivery place. But given that, they taste pretty damn good. :)Their pork dumplings are great, their General Tso's is good, their szechuan tofu is pretty nice, and their specials are generally good. Only thing I've ever really disliked was the ma po tofu. If they deliver to you, ditch your current shitty chinese place in favor of them; you won't regret it.
Well, their food is better than all the other take-out places in the area. Kitchen appears clean and the delivery is LIGHTNING FAST! Don't get their scallops though;  they're mushee!
Ordering from China Express was a great idea. Plate portion were very good and the soup was very tasty. I would recommend this place to any person visiting the Brooklyn area.
Amazingly cheap and taste really good, definitely best chinese food of Brooklyn
After reading the Yelp reviews, my boyfriend and I had to give China Express a try. Recently transplanted to Bed-Stuy, it has been challenging find good Chinese, particularly for me, coming from San Francisco. After one or two tries at a local dive joint, we were about to give up. The food over-salted, resulting in late-night headaches. Is this what MSG tastes like? But fear no more: China Express saves the day. We ordered a quart each of won-ton and hot and sour, fried won-tons and two spring rolls. A light order but it's a soup-y kind of day. Both soups were outstanding. The hot and sour brought us to tears (literally) with its spiciness. The soups had just the right amount of salt, and all of the ingredients, especially the won tons and the spring rolls tasted fresh. Plus, the food was reasonably priced and came with a free soda! We can't wait to order some of the main course entrees. And our vegetarian roommate is excited as well. Thank you, China Express, for giving us a life line.
I'm editing my review because one of the nice ladies that works here commented. Yes, the staff is very nice. The food you get here is mostly tasty and fresh, the soups are very good, (egg drop is my fav) most of the chickens are great and you get huge portions. BUT The chicken fried rice is fucking pathetic. I mean, its literally all rice with soy sauce, three bean sprouts and maybe 2-3 small pieces of chicken. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? It's been like that the last 2-3 times. I will never order that again
pretty good. the general tso's was lightly fried (the way it should be), but i'll definitely need it to be more spicy next time.  the wonton soup was bland/blah, but i've had worse, too.  the lo mein was also tasty.  standard chinese fare.  ENORMOUS portions for the amount you pay.  it was ready really fast, too, and they do have tofu available, if you'd like your stuff vegetarian.  the general tso's would have to be waaaay more spicy for that to be good though.  seriously.  i think they forgot the peppers in mine.  making up for that - it was obviously fresh.  and they have got some crazy ish on the menu.  we'll start ordering those things in the future.  boyfriend says the beef egg foo young was eh and he's going to try the other kinds of egg foo young.  next time he'll order it with white rice instead of fried, and probably something other than beef.
A friend told us about China Express, and we've been grateful ever since. The food is always delicious, never makes me sick, is usually done pretty fast and they hardly ever screw up the order. I've been told they can make anything on the menu vegetarian by subbing tofu for meat. I haven't tried it yet, and I don't know if that's standard at most Chinese places, but either way it's pretty cool. My only complaint - which has nothing to do with the quality of their food - is that they don't deliver to my address. Every crappy place in the area will but the good stuff is holding out on me. Side note - A few months ago we even found a Santa Coke in their drink fridge. Yes I know that means it's been sitting there since December 2007 but I'm sure it was still better than all the Olympic Coke neighbors.
First off this place has been open ten years, and they have kept up the good work. The food is delivered freak fast! The food is always freshly made. Ya know when chicken taste as if its been sitting for days... yea thats not gonna happen here! The food is great , the people are so nice. If you need food NOW! Call them
This place is as good as it gets. The food is always very fresh and steaming hot when it arrives. You won't find to many Chinese take out / delivery places that have their own signature dish but China express is one of them. The "House Chicken" is awesome and I highly recommend it.
I order from here more than I'd like to admit. .this is my fav Chinese take out! Cheap (extremely), comes in about 10 minutes, and very yummy. My dish of choice is general tso's tofu. Sauce is perfect and portions are plentiful. Chicken with garlic sauce and stringbeans is another one of my go to dinners. Don't let the look of the restaurant scare you, truly a hidden gem.
