I've eaten here at least 10 times in the past six months if that's any indication how much I love this place. They're on seamless too, if you're lazy like me and don't want to wait (they almost always have a wait during normal meal times, even for small parties). MUST GET (in order):1) Enoki mushrooms and watercress - this is my favorite dish here and yes more so than the XLBs. Maybe it has crack in it because I'm so addicted. Something about the saucey enoki mushrooms next to the slight bitterness of the watercress is so satisfying. 2) Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) - what they're known for and that you have to get! I stick with the pork only dumplings because they're solid and how I like it, but they also have black truffle and pork.. if you want to be more adventurous, or gimmicky ;). Each one has lots of flavorful soup in it, and the skin is strong enough to hold the soup, yet thin enough so it's not overbearing nor too doughy. Plus, they give you enough ginger with the vinegar soy sauce! 3) Old style scallion lo mien (off the menu) - super simple dish - just darkened scallions with sauce drizzled over lo mien, but it's so good! If you've got more people and can order more:4) Tofu Szechuan sauce - eggy, soft tofu covered with slightly spicy szechuan sauce. So delicious. 5) Beef noodle soup - generous, chunky cuts of beef. Noodles are like the lo mien noodles, which aren't bad, but I would've preferred doughyer ones that were cooked slightly less and not as soft. But still a solid bowl of beef noodle soup.
Got a hankering for xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and after some research I decided this was the place to go in Chinatown. The other reviews were right, and these were the best I have had in the city. They even had a special black truffle XLB available that was aromatic and delicious, albeit expensive at $12.75 for 6. We also got a jumbo prawn dish with ginger and scallion and the mapo tofu which were top notch. I have add that the service was also excellent - something pretty rare in Chinatown these days.
I have to come here every time I am in NYC!It is one of those place that the food is so good I remember and wanting to come back to NYC just to have another meals here! I love the chili sauce wonton, and any of those dumplings were super delicious!
The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) here are pretty tasty! They are served at the perfect temperature (not scalding hot but definitely not lukewarm) so that you can bite into them right away. Honestly I think Joe's Shanghai makes them a little better, but probably not so much so that it's worth waiting an extra hour to be seated. However I don't feel that the other dishes I've had here were anything special. The lion head meatballs and the Shanghainese lo mein were both pretty meh. I definitely want to try their breakfast foods if I'm ever around here in the morning, but I don't think I'd order anything but the xiao long bao for lunch/dinner. Normally I'd give this kind of place 3 stars, but the service was surprisingly attentive, and the waiters spoke English fluently. They were also happy to answer questions about various dishes and give recommendations. In my experience, that's pretty rare in Chinese restaurants and definitely made an impression.Oh yeah! Bring cash, or your Amex card. I don't know why, but that's all they'll take.
Fantastic dim sum spot in the heart of Chinatown - an area I wouldn't normally venture to, but this place is absolutely worth the trek. Cash only, casual and authentic, Shanghai Asian Manor offers up seriously delicious small plates enjoyed by the locals. Standouts include the soup dumplings, spicy Szechuan wonton, and pork buns. Skip out on the noodle dishes - grease logged, piled high and easily outshined by the smaller dishes. Can't wait to return!
Basically what you're gonna get here is authentic Chinese food at such a low price. This is also the spot to head over to when you're in the mood for soup dumplings and when you find out the wait at Joe's Shanghai will be a 1 hour+ wait. A line does form at this place, but I don't think it's ever that long of a wait! The soup dumplings are a must when you get here. The dumplings in hot saunce (wonton sichuan style) and pork jian bao are great as well. I also love order the Shanghai noodles with beef as well. I'm pretty sure the last time I was here, I ordered all those things and paid no more than $13 per person (including tax and tip). Don't forget, they only take cash or amex so be prepared!
Cash and Amex only here, and if you have a large group, expect a long wait (they only have two large tables), however, once you're seated, you will not be rushed.  Do not miss the soup dumplings: original/crab/black truffle - eat em in that order or the truffle taste will overpower the flavors of the rest of the soup dumplings, but you already knew that didn't you? ;) The delicate skin is thin, but juuust thick enough to endure being picked up and retain the soup within. We ordered two orders of each type.The spicy wontons are enjoyable, they make me miss the ones from White Bear in Flushing, but we still requested a second order.The pork hock special and the cabbage with crab meat are also great dishes to supplement your dumpling obsession.
Solid place for soup dumplings. I came here with my boyfriend's family and we ordered a bunch of food to share family style. The star of the meal is definitely the soup dumplings. We got 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings and one order of the crab & pork soup dumplings. They were delicious! It came out super hot and the skin was tough enough so that it wouldn't break easily. We also ordered scallion pancake, baby bok choy, a pan fried noodle dish, shrimp w/ mayo sauce, and salt & pepper fried squid. Everything was decent, though I think there are definitely better places to go for noodles. Overall, I would come back for the soup dumplings!
This spot has become my go-to since moving to Lower Manhattan! It's fast and casual, and the service is impeccable. Both times I've been here with 2+ friends, I was told the wait would be an hour but I'm usually seated within 20 minutes. The restaurant is loud and crowded but the service isn't compromised. I mean they're not the friendliest but they're definitely attentive and efficient.I can't get enough of the pork XLB. I've tried the crab meat ones as well but the pork XLB are still the best! The XLB wrapping is thin and the filling is juicy and flavorful. Watch out when you bite into the XLB's as they're filled with hot soup! Definitely add some ginger and vinegar on it, they really enhance the flavors. The sheng jian bao's are my second favorite for appetizers. The pork filling is juicy and flavorful and the bao is pan fried but not too greasy. In terms of mains, the shanghai noodles and Yang Chow fried rice are affordable and great for sharing. Overall, the flavors are pretty authentic and nothing is made too greasy.This is one of those spots I would keep coming back to because I'm almost guaranteed to leave feeling full and content without a big damage to my wallet!
Don't have time for Joe's Shanghai but still want some tasty XLB? Come down here!One of my faves for soup dumplings (XLB) and basic Chinese food. I've been coming here for the past few years and nothing has changed! The best part? The food here isn't too salty! My faves here? Pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, sweet and sour pork, and their noodle soups. XLB is made with plenty of soup and a thin wrap! Their noodle soups are always clear and tastes homemade. YUM!Definitely a go-to! NOTE: THEY ONLY ACCEPT AMEX AND CASH NOW.
This place is great. It usually has a hefty line, but last night, we were seated quickly. Shanghai Asian Manor is cash or Amex only, so be aware. We ordered 7 dumplings (yes, a lot!) and of the dumplings, the Sichuan style pork dumplings were the best. The soup dumplings are good but the soup dumplings from Nan Xiang in Flushing are better. The eggplant with garlic and pork was phenomenal. I'd definitely suggest getting this as an appetizer. We ordered two noodle dishes - jjajang and pork lo mein. The former was better, as the meat and sauce were braised and softer. Very delicious. The shrimp fried rice was good, but nothing special. All of these together were $83, and it fed four people very well. Overall, this place is a good place to grab food with friends. If you're in the city, this is your best bet for soup dumplings. If you can access all boroughs, go to Nan Xiang as the food there is better.
The Dim Sum and fried rice were to die for. Had to wait as it was super busy, but it was definitely worth it!
Great food with good service. Came specifically to try the soup dumplings and they were excellent. The broth was seasoned perfectly and meat tender. I also had the egg drop soup which tasted fresh, not like it had been sitting in a pan for hours. The sesame chicken was still tender and juicy with the right amount of sauce. Overall some of the best Chinese food I've had.
Been going here for years and everything on the menu is great, there is always a line at this location. Food is delicious, fast, and price very reasonable.  There are so much on the menu I still haven't tried yer.
Shanghai Asian Manor is a great place for soup dumplings! They are juicy flavor-bombs in your mouth! And their Shanghai wontons have this amazing sweet, spicy ginger sauce! We ordered crab with pork and pork soup dumplings. I loved the thin-skin, savory-unami soup and juicy-savory pork and crab stuffing in the dumplings! I could have eaten two trays by myself. We shared 4 orders of XLB + one order of noodles + one order of the Shanghai wontons amongst 4 people.(Each order comes with 6 XLB/soup dumplings). We devoured everything! I love XLB! We sat, talked and laughed and then realized that restaurant was getting crowded so we finished up and left. Protip: Get here early if you are coming for weekend lunch. It gets crowded!
Cheap and yummy food. This place was packed the weekend before when we first tried going. Glad this time around there was seating available. The food came out quickly but it was delicious and I was truly in heaven with the soup dumplings. Plus, they had one of my boyfriend's favorite dishes, which we don't typically see in every Shanghainese restaurant we go to, so that's a huge plus in my books. A happy bf = the world
Came here because I wanted to try another shanghainese establishment besides Joe's Shanghai. My husband and I ordered enough food to feed a village just to compare.The soup dumplings (aka steamed "tiny buns", as written on the menu) was so much better than Joe's. Unfortunately, that was the only dish that came out on top. The wonton soup, drunken chicken (aka wine chicken), and young chow fried rice lacked in flavor in comparison. We also ordered the scallion pancakes, pork pan fried noodles, and baby shanghai veggies - dishes we've never ordered at Joe's before - and they were pretty good. The scallion pancake was thin, deep fried, super crunchy, but a tad too salty. The pan fried noodles and veggies were my 2 favorites aside from the soup dumplings.Service was great. I did not feel rushed at all!! The restaurant feels less crowded and had a more comfortable ambience. I just didn't like the food as much as I'd hoped.PS: amex or cash only!
Quick service and delicious dumplings. We stopped in for a quick snack between meals. Soup dumplings were flavorful (we got the pork and then the pork and crab) and they didn't stick to each other or the container.
I really enjoyed my dinner here. Everything was tasty!! The wait was around 40 minutes but totally worth it! A must try if you are in Chinatown:) this place is cash or American Express only
Shanghai Asian Manor is one of the finer restaurants in Chinatown. They cater to the upper class Chinese retiree crowd.........so expect lots of Chinese grandmas coming in to talk trash about their insolent adult childen, fixing up their granddaughters with the cute neighbor boy down the street,  that kinda thing :)I ordered a big plate of Beef Fried Rice. It was literally a mountain of fried rice. Better pack a bottle of Pepto-Bismol LOL. Next up are the infamous soup dumplings. Be careful when you bite into these........you will almost certainly squirt some soup out so its best you're not wearing anything fancy that you intend on also wearing to something formal.And last but not least I also ordered the Shanghai Lo Mein.  Big, hot plate of really thick noodles in a savory sauce.
This is, hands down, my favorite spot in Chinatown. The food is great, the prices are fantastically reasonable, and the restaurant is clean. Though the restaurant's exterior isn't impressive in the least (it looks like every other restaurant in Chinatown with an awning), I like its relatively convenient location due to its proximity to Confucius Plaza, which serves as a local landmark. I've also heard and read criticism of authentic Asian restaurants which become less so due to popularization and more non-Asian visitors -- rest assured, this is not the case for Shanghai Asian Manor. Though there are plenty of non-Asian patrons, the food remains authentic.Whenever I come here, I usually order the same things unless other people have their own favorite dishes they'd like to order. Last night we got two orders of xiao long bao (steamed tiny buns with pork, #2 on menu), an order of the spicy stewed beef with noodles in soup, #143), and a shredded pork and preserved vegetables with rice cakes, #167). This wasn't enough food to fill the three of us up, but it was still great. I can't remember exactly, but I believe the items were $5.25 per order, $8.25, and $8.25(ish, but definitely not more), respectively. The xiao long baos were perfect, as usual. They're pretty big and are filled with plenty of soup. This may be their most popular item. The spicy stewed beef with noodles weren't spicy, but it was still good. Beef was very, very tender, soup base had great flavor. I will say that the noodles weren't al dente, so if you're a stickler for that, don't get this dish. The noodles must've been left in the soup for some time, I'm guessing. Lastly, the shredded pork and rice cakes was great. Some people may not like it as much because it doesn't pack a ton of flavor (you can only do so much with rice cakes), but I love it mostly because of its subtlety. The rice cakes provide the base, but the stars are the preserved vegetables, which are a little crunchy and sour. The pork is just the cherry on top.There's always a wait for this place (last night it was 20-30 minutes for 3), so keep that in mind. There are great options in the area if the line is too long, but I highly recommend this place.
This is one of my all time favorite places in Chinatown, NYC. When I'm in the area, I find myself coming back here to get their meat sauce noodle with some soup dumplings. I don't even let the piece of lettuce go when I eat there! I'm super surprised at myself for not reviewing here earlier since I always come here. The place is medium sized but not really great for larger parties. I think up to 6 people is a good amount. Usually, I come in with just one other and get seated relatively quickly (unless it's a busy lunch or dinner service)However, they try to contain the wait time and it isn't usually too long - about 15-30 minutes. The bathroom is also clean and service is relatively quick. Sometimes, when they get busy, they might not be able to refill your tea as quickly though! That aside, their food is like many other shanghainese places but their food always makes me happy. Especially my tummy happy.
It was a choice between a family tradition go to (Hop Kee) or this new one directly above it (funnily enough). Dim sum advertisement just outside and minus the walk down to Hop Kee, decision made.Immediately upon sitting down, a large cup of hot tea and cold water was served.  It was a hot day in July so it was surely welcomed.  The large cup of hot tea was a plus in my book! Yes, I know hot weather and hot tea?  You have to understand, hot tea is a must with Chinese food...it just is!Ordered several things; most with noodles.  The shrimp dumpling (har gow) was freshly made to order as it came last during our meal.  Plump, juicy shrimp filling seasoned nicely.  The pan fried noodles with chicken was delicious.  The best part was the crunchy parts of the noodles partnered with the yummy sauce and tender chicken.  I'd definitely order that again!  The fried calamari was generously sized pieces (looking more like nuggets) accompanied by a mustard-ginger-lemon dipping sauce was crispy and flavorful.Definitely I'd order this again as well.The spicy beef noodle soup was very good as well; the beef flavor was bursting through.  It wasn't spicy enough so a little bit of the chili sauce at the table was needed.  It came with thin, freshly made noodles.  The shrimp lo mein came with soba like noodles so it was the only one that was okay compared to the other dishes.  I'd prefer it with thin, glass noodles.  Not sure if all lo mein dishes came with just this one type of noodle.   Overall, all the dishes was seasoned well; lacking the saltiness in other establishments.The sign of a good restaurant and its cuisine is getting the balance between bringing out the natural flavor of whatever dish it is and enhancing it with just the right amount of seasoning and getting it right.The staff was friendly, spoke English and described the dishes should you have any questions. The place itself was modern, clean and had enough tables to house about 50 people.  It was a Saturday around 5:30pm and we were able to sit down upon entering.  About a half an hour later, there were people waiting by the door; the wait wasn't too long as they were seated fairly quickly.So definitely eat here! Highly Recommended!  And then go to Hop Kee and order takeout of the Snails in Black Bean sauce! Which we did so as not to make us feel disloyal to the family tradition go to. Happy Eating!!
Seemingly very popular spot. We had to share a table. The gigantic photos of appetizing food will definitely cause you to over-order. Anyways..I've definitely had better soup dumplings elsewhere but the ones here are decent. The skin is super delicate yet encompasses enough scalding broth and a juicy pork filling to pack a tasty, slurpy bite. $5.25 will get you 6. I didn't enjoy the scallion pancakes that everyone raves about. They were way crisp and so dry. Bad batch? Fried too long? Some pieces had the consistency of a kettle chip. No bueno. I had the jajiang mein as my entree. The noodles were nice and thick. There was enough meat sauce to drench the whole bowl but the sauce itself was a tad too watery. Luckily, the flavor made up for it. Would come back.
I'm used to the dim sum places that have Chinese ladies rolling around carts with different kinds of dim sum. And usually I go on a weekend for brunch. So imagine my surprise when my friends suggested we go here on a weeknight for dinner. My expectations were low. Let's say I'm very glad I gave it a shot. Food was pretty good though in comparison to Din Tai Fung it can have some improvements. Soup dumplings - usually my favorite. The broth was delicious!! Definitely eat this with the black vinegar and ginger slices Shrimp dumplings - large, tasty and yum! Dumplings shezchuan style - not salty like I initially thought it was. Good balance with the savory and the black bean sauce. Chicken fried rice - standard and goodBok choy - tasted a tad burnt though it didn't look it Overall pretty good. I'm still craving my din tai fung though!
Decided to try a new spot for soup dumplings for lunch. Came in at 12:45 to a packed house. The restaurant is small, and doesn't accommodate for too many customers. Being just a table of one, multiple parties were seated in front of me. I sat down and immediately ordered the crab soup dumplings and the pork dumplings. Serving staff appeared to be irritated throughout lunch time, and the food took a bit of time before coming out. Dumplings came out fresh and piping hot. The filing was a bit too sweet for my taste, but still flavorful and juicy nonetheless. In comparison to other places in the area who also serve soup dumplings, Shanghai has definitely come up with their own distinct recipe. Plenty of filling on the inside.
Customer service is not great but the food is good and the prices are reasonable.The Cantonese chow mein,  chicken lo mein and fried rice are delicious.
Amazing xiaolongbao (steamed buns) and shrimp dumplings!!! As a xiaolongbao-lover, completely satisfied with their pork as well as crab meat xlb. Will definitely come back next time visiting NYC. Notice: American Express and cash only
This was worth the 20-minute wait. We went at about 6:00 and the place was packed. (It's a small place and they only take cash or Amex, so plan accordingly.) We got both pork and shrimp xiao long baos, shanghai crispy noodles, beef and broccoli over rice, and Peking duck. All of it was excellent. Just ask your server if they can place the order for the duck right away so it will be ready close to the other entrees because it takes extra time to cook.
The dumplings were amazing. The overall menu was pretty great. Got plenty of food for a really good price. Came at around 5ish and luckily missed the rush of dinner people. The seating is semi limited so make sure if you get there during a busy time you give yourself a bit to sit around.
Slightly pricier than your average Chinatown restaurant, but definitely worth it! Came here yesterday and ordered xiaolongbao, fried dumplings and shrimp with walnuts. I had initially ordered the fried squid, and they came out with the fried shrimp. It looked too good to return back to the kitchen lol. The xiaolongbao was really good. The fried dumplings were no match to what I experienced in Shangai, but I wasn't expecting them to. I was just happy they sold them!! Overall, I'll definitely be coming back.
The soup dimpling here is probably one of the best on the east coast, definitely highly recommended.  As a seafood fan, the fish was fresh and well cooked.  Shanghai noodles, which is a very common Shanghai dish is also excellent.  However, the rice noodles didn't quite meet my expectations, hence the four star rating.
I had the soup dumplings (小籠包) both crab and pork flavored. They were pretty good and both came out pretty quickly. Soup inside was hot and tasty. We also ordered green onion pancakes (蔥油餅) on the side. They were deep fried instead of pan fried--still good but a bit more greasy.  The hot and sour soup (酸辣湯) was a little too sour. The black bean and mince pork noodles (炸醬麵) was tasty but could of had less of the sauce as it was a bit salty. Last but not least the Pork Bao (生煎包) was delicious and nice and crispy on the bottom. Service was pretty quick and didn't have to wait.
This place is awesome. Just order the dumplings! I got the tiny steamed pork buns. I also ordered the pan fried pork dumplings. I will for sure come back to this spot when in the area! Make sure to try the fried tiny buns with pork!
Such a life saver with their FREE delivery service because I was so hungry but didn't wanna leave the hotel. Took about 30-45 minutes to get my food, which was awesome. The food was still warm when delivered and they were good, but not great. Crab/pork dumplings were very juicy and flavorful. Spicy shanghai dumplings had this hint of sweetness that was weird, so I didn't like it. Rice cake with chicken was decent. Overall, good delivery food, but I don't think I'll go there for a sit down meal.
We went to Shanghai Asian Manor on a weeknight.  We managed to snag the last open table (a wait proceeded to form after this so we felt pretty lucky).  The first thing I noticed about the place was how clean it was.  The waitstaff was friendly.  Our server was able to talk about the dishes and make recommendations.  We ordered the truffle soup dumplings, the pork soup dumplings, the shrimp and watercress dumplings, the chicken with eggplant, and the rice cakes with shrimp.  TRUFFLE SOUP DUMPLINGS: I was glad we tried these.  We didn't love them, but they were a different experience and they mixed things up a little.  They had less soup in them than the pork ones.  I would not recommend ordering these if you don't love a mushroom-y, earthy taste.  PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS:  WOOOOOW.  Yes.  A much thinner layer of dough than Nan Xiang but don't break apart by just staring at them (like Joe's Shanghai, where over half of our dumplings were leaking before we even lifted them).  I was really impressed by these.  Lots of soup in them, too.  A whole star for these bad boys.  SHRIMP AND WATERCRESS DUMPLINGS: we probably could've done without these but they looked cool so we decided to try them.  They kept breaking apart as they had a delicate shell and a heavy filling.  The taste was on point but the construction was a little off.  RICE CAKES: Kind of unfair because I've never met a rice cake I didn't like. These were a little bland and we didn't realize (as we noted from the tables we were sitting between) that most people were dipping them in a spicy sauce that was on the table.  The waitstaff had actually taken ours away earlier so we didn't know.  Good anyway though.  I mean, it's a rice cake.  Eat it.CHICKEN AND EGGPLANT: Actually a fantastic dish. Chicken and eggplant in a flavorful, dark sauce.  Not greasy.  A special shout out to the bok choy, too.  We didn't order it but the table next to us did, and it looked super fresh.  At the end of the meal, our server came to our table to ask for feedback and to ask if we liked the truffle dumplings.  Dim sum places are usually fast paced so I thought it was nice that he stopped to come by and see how our meal went.Important notes: 1. Dinner came to under $50 for two people with multiple days of leftovers.  2. The leftovers held up REALLY well.  Somehow the truffle dumplings retained some of their soup and the rice cakes / chicken were just as good a couple of days later. 3. Although many of the other reviews label this place as touristy, we didn't get that impression.  Maybe the secret to this restaurant is to come on a weeknight.  We had a very enjoyable experience here and would definitely come back.
They only accept cash or Amex but always pleases! I would recommend the Shanghai lo mein (thicker noodles) and you can choose veggie, meat, shrimp or all 3! I would also recommend all of their dumplings because I have never been disappointed. They offer free delivery here if your order is over $20 which is HUGE and mainly why this is my go to place for ordering Chinese food. The soup dumplings were kind of difficult to eat after being carried in the delivery, but still tasted excellent.
I liked the soup dumplings here a lot. My current soup dumplings champion is Shanghai Cafe, and I think that still stands, but the soup dumplings here were pretty similar in terms of quality. Where Shanghai Cafe has a slight advantage is in price and quantity -- an order of soup dumplings is a dollar cheaper, and you get two more (8 vs 6). That's not such an enormous difference (they're closer to each other than either is to Joe's Shanghai, for example), but it's a solid tiebreaker for me.
Delicious little joint we lucked out on from Yelp reviews.  Soup, dumplings and Shanghai style crispy noodles with chicken, beef and shrimp split between the two of us was perfect.  Very flavorful and fresh.  Complimentary hot tea and a couple waters and we left very happy campers.  Small place, AMEX or cash only (strange to say the least).
Good for what it's worth, a bit pricey for Chinatown, but awesome experience. We went for early dinner on Saturday at 6pm and only waited 15 minutes. Our order for 3:-Kao Fu: If you dont know what it is, order it and try it. It's an awesome cold dish to wash yourpalette before all the heavier foods -Xiao Long Bao: Juicey and meaty, but the flour was thicker than usual-Sautéed pea shoots: awesomely crispy and not too oily. They have one with bamboos too, don't get that..its weird -Spicy wontons: This was just OK. They used the egg coated wonton wrappers for this, which is rather odd. And it wasn't all that spicy -Wonton soup: Flavorful stock and delightful baby bak choys to complement their hand made wontonsAnd we felt bold & daring and got one of their truffle ice creams, the mint & chip one. It was surprisingly awesome. total: $49 including tip
Like my parents always say, when the white man discovers a good authentic Chinese restaurant, you'll never be able to walk in and be seated immediately again. I suppose Shanghai Asian Manor has a similar tradjectory to Joe's Shanghai just a few blocks away. They're both Shanghainese food and they're both revered by foodies.We came here pretty early on a Saturday, and there was already a line forming out the door. They told us 20 minutes (which is what they told everyone after us as well), and it ended up being a little over 30. But once we sat down, we just ordered a ton of food.Of course, we couldn't not start with the steamed pork soup dumplings. As someone who's been going to Joe's Shanghai for 15 years, I can say with certainty that Shanghai Asian Manor is the new xiaolongbao king. The dough was surprisingly thin, but held its integrity. The insides scorched the entirety of my mouth, which is how you can tell a soup dumpling is good. And the insides were delicious.As a starter, we also got a large hot and sour soup, which wasn't that large. But it was enough for 4 people to get a good taste. It was decent, but not very spicy.Our first main dish was the wined chicken (aka drunk chicken served cold). A lot of pieces of both dark and white meat. Great wine flavor too.Our second was the fried squid with salt and pepper. This one was a miss. Kind of soggy and cold. I guess it was a failed attempt at replicating what Americans like.The third dish was half of a crispy duck. It said half, but we definitely got two drumsticks (not that I'm complaining). The skin was incredibly crispy, and the meat was moist. Probably my favorite thing (and pretty reasonably priced at $15.75 as well).The last thing we ordered was one of the daily specials - pan fried tilapia with bean paste sauce. If you like bean paste, then you'll like the flavor. The fish had a lot of tiny bones though and didn't have a lot of meat, but I could (and did) just eat the sauce over rice because it was so good.I can't imagine Shanghai Asian Manor will become any less popular, so you should get over there before the wait becomes hours long. It's my new favorite restaurant in Chinatown!
Skip the ever-popular Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai Cafe. Shanghai Asian Manor's got better soup dumplings. I'm a big fan of their various other dumpling assortments as well, such as snow pea leaves and watercress dumplings. However, what I'm most impressed with is their scallion pancakes -- so thin, crispy, and relatively less oily than others.
Glad we stopped by this place before the lunch rush kicked in.  We were able to score a table right away.  Once we placed our order - we noticed the line started to build up at the door.  We ordered the following items:XLB - crabmeat and porkFive spiced beef noodle soupHar Gow (shrimp bonnets)Stir fry rice cakes with chickenPer hubby - the XLB was decent and beef noodle soup was tasty (generous amount of beef).  At first, I was hesitant to order the shrimp bonnets because they were $4.70.  So glad I'd ordered it.  They were the biggest shrimp bonnets I'd ever had.  They were flavorful, too.  The rice cakes were tasty and super soft.  Definitely be back in the near future.
Tourist trap. When I went in and asked for 2 seats I was quoted a 40 minute wait. We were starving so 5 minutes later my bf went in and asked again in Chinese, we were seated at the next available table. Came for dinner this past Friday and walked away with the biggest stomach. We suspect it's from the fried fish with sweet and sour sauce we ordered. If you do come, stick to the standard soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. Venturing off might leave you with a long night in the bathroom.
I usually go to Shanghai Cafe, but decided to try it out here because of the higher Yelp rating. The interior is definitely better than Shanghai Cafe. It's clean, spacious, and bright. The service was great. As for the food..honestly nothing to rave about. Their soup dumplings looked nice, the skin was not too thick or thin which is good, but the flavor tasted a bit..off. I definitely did not like it. I also usually drink the soup after the soup dumplings, but my body was rejecting it after the first one. I also had the Shanghai Beef Lo Mein, looked great when it came, wasn't super too oily, but seriously lacked in taste and flavor. The only real good dish I enjoyed was the Scallion Pancake. It was not too thin or thick, crunchy, and tasty! Overall I don't know if I would come here..there are a lot more better options out there to get your soup dumpling cravings.
Veg dumplings were great. With nice thin covering and good amount of filling. Shrimp and veg was good too. Ordered genera Tso's chicken which was awful. Chicken was really tough and it was very high in salt and sugar. Not edible. Would recommend coming here for dumpling though.
My wife and I came here last night for a late lunch. It's right next to the famous Hop Kee.We shared the pork and crab soup dumpling (#1) and watercress shrimp dumpling. I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and Boo Boo got the noodle soup with fried pork chop. We were lucky that the wait was less than 10 minutes. We are not really big fans of soup dumpling but they were fresh and clean here. We found a good bar to gauge a good soup dumpling. We will try Joe Shanghai next time. I've been to Ding Tai Fung in Shanghai and it was ok. Not life changing and not worth the wait.   I'd come back here for lunch or dinner as the price was affordable. And dishes can be shared family style or individual entree for one.
As good a soup dumpling as any other, perhaps a step above....Beware this places gets packed quickly but if you come right during opening time, there should be no wait. #Pork: classic, very thin dough yet packed with soup. #Crab: notably very crabby, they don't skimp on the crab.#Truffle: unique, for a premium you get strong, earthy truffle flavor, and like the crab dumplings, they don't skimp on the flavor.....extra trufflyBonus must tries:#Scallion pancakes: some of the best scallion pancakes: why? well super duper crispy yet not that oily tasting and packed with flavor. My big pet peeve (Joe Shanghai) is doughy scallion pancake.#Spicy wontons: this was quite the delight. mild spicy flavor with topped with sweet brown paste and a good amount of wontons. I'd get this every time.OVERALL: as good as any soup dumpling i've had.
This place was packed from the minute I walked in until the minute I walked out. Service was a bit hasty, but it's a restaurant business, I totally get that. Now onto the main reason we came here: the soup dumplings. My boyfriend and I requested an order of the pork soup dumplings and (as highly suggested by fellow Yelpers) the truffle and pork soup dumplings.Din Tai Fung has a similar truffle and pork soup dumpling and I think those are phenomenal, so when I saw them available here in NY at half the price - needless to say, I was very excited.And it turned out to be.... just okay. The truffle and pork XLB here ($12) were reasonably priced compared to DTF's $25, but I probably would stick to just the pork XLB next time around.Overall, the soup dumpling skins weren't too doughy or thick and the pork XLB soup was light and clean. Slightly above average, but definitely lots of other options in NY. Side note, It's cash only unless your bill is over $20.
Came here because of an article about authentic soup dumplings from Shanghai. This placed #2 on their list. Wait was only 20 minutes on a Sunday which wasn't bad at all. Everything we ordered was amazeballs! Pork and crab soup dumplings were perfect. Skin wasn't too thick, meat was tasty and soup was delicious! Probably the same if not better than Xiao long Bao in flushing. Way better than Joe's. Spicy Szechuan dumplings were so good too. Savory and sweet but a little spicy at the same time. Perfect! Scallion pancake was crunchy and had the sauce with it. Great texture! Just wish they can do the traditional beef scallion pancake. Overall, the only place I'd go to in Manhattan for soup dumplings!
I am in love with this restaurant. It was a first for us last night and even though I arrived beforehand, the hostess was gracious enough to seat me. It was a very cold night and timing was everything. I arrived around 5:55 PM, but when it became 6:15 or later, there was a wait. Quite a wait. The restaurant was large-ish and the décor was typical/similar to other Chinese restaurants found in Chinatown. Our waiter was a bit space-y and the refilling of water/tea was lackluster. (When I asked for more tea, his response was---"as if I have a choice". Hmmm, yes, pretty bizarre). Here's the rundown of our selections:Two orders of the mini pork soup dumplings. We liked it so much on the first round, we placed  another order on the second round of selections. There were six dumplings and as is the case with all soup dumplings,  require a technique to eating them. You most certainly do not want to puncture the dough as the broth will seep out. My only slight gripe is that since we had several items on the table, I would have appreciated a lid on the platters/bamboo steamers to keep the entrée warm, This means, with the door opening every few minutes on a bitterly cold night, the dough of the dumplings got a bit dry and the broth lukewarm. Still, it was absolutely delicious. Another dim sum selection was shrimp/watercress. This was extremely delicate and quite good. Two non dim sum entrees ordered were Jumbo Shrimp with Szechuan sauce and diced chicken with spicy sauce. Keep in mind that rice does not accompany the mains (strange). Overall, this restaurant lives up to its reputation. It's really good authentic Chinese food. Remember, you will most likely have to wait for a table as it becomes prime dinner time (no surprise) and there is no bar/alcohol served  I cannot wait to return again. I'm addicted to Shanghai Asian Manor.
Shanghai Asian ManorNY Manhattan Chinatown 7pm Monday 30th May 2016Four StarsOn this warm Holiday Monday, I got a bite to eat with Tiffany. The place was filled with a mix of Caucasians, Asians, and tourists. We had to wait a couple minutes because the front desk lady didn't sardine us into every available seat. We sat a comfy booth and drank tea in large mugs. Tiffany ordered in Chinese and did a much better job than I would have done. The Zha Jian Mein was a big bowl of Thick Rice Noodles covered with piping hot spicy beef sauce. Be careful when mixing, it can splatter and burn your skin.  The Szechuan Style Steamed Wonton were delicious. The wrapper was thin, the meat was tender, and sauce packed a lot of spice, garlic, and red pepper. I definitely choked on a pepper. The Xiao Long Bao were Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings. The wrapper was thick, saggy, and not very sturdy. The meat was tender and soup was decent. These particular dumplings were not my favorite. TheSteamed Chinese Vegetables with Garlic were good with a nice crunch and freshness. For $30, it was plenty of tasty Chinese food.
The food here is flavorful and fast! It is small and does not take reservations so get here earlier and bring your appetite.
my sister's favorite chinatown restaurant.we got:1. shrimp dumplings--fresh big shrimp inside2. crab pork soup dumplings--the seafood gave it a very fragrant flavor3. lion head meatball--tender, but not the best i have had4. shanghai style fried noodles--chewy noodles with great seasoning. definitely used more than sou sauce, though i can't tell what was used to make the flavor so great
I say it was more 3.5, but I rounded down because the overall sweetness of all the dishes bothered me. Also, I wasn't aware till I looked at their online menu, that they were affiliated with Shanghai Cuisine 33 in Flushing, now it makes sense why the food was so similar. Overall, the place was a respectable Chinatown option, it is especially good for new comers to Shanghainese cuisine as well as out of towners. The service is also a point of mention since you kinda don't expect much from Chinese restaurants but I thought the service here was pleasant.The food:Steamed tiny buns w. pork- XLB or steamed pork buns, I thought the dumplings were made well, they did look like little scrotums, though lol. I thought the skins were nice and thin, but almost too thin that I lost the broth to one of the dumplings. *face palm* I liked the amount of ginger they put in the dipping sauce and the vinegar was a nice counter balance. Overall, it was decent soup dumpling but I took issue with the sweetness, I though it was too damn sweet aka too Americanized. I thought the balance was out of whack with the sweetness, I just remember the sweetness lingering throughout and that was an issue for me. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Scallion Pancake- This is something I usually order at Shanghainese places since fried dough is yummy. The one here was just OK, it was super fried and really crunchy, borderline in a bad way. I also thought the pancake was kinda greasy, needed soda to wash it down afterwards. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Squid w. salt and pepper- My friend wanted to get this since she is a big fan of this dish. I thought the squid was made well, the squid was crazy tender and the overall flavor was nice and clean especially with the hot chilies but it was a tad too one note for me. I also was not a fan of the accompanied dipping sauce, I think the table side hot sauce was the better option. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Braised lion's head meat ball w. vegetable- It's a super rustic dish, it is not a fancy dish by any means, kinda has a grandmother feel to it. The meat ball is really tender and it is cut with something else which makes it very light and airy, overall flavor was fine but this dish came off very sweet. I felt it was almost necessary to eat the dish with rice to cut some of the sweetness. The accompanied vegetables were nice, the mushrooms were perfectly cooked and the bok was nice and tender. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Amazing food and service. We had the pork and crab dumplings (best xia long bao I havr ever had), szechuan style dumplings, pork potstickers and the spare ribs. The szechuan dumplings were cooked to perfection and the chilli oil they were soaked in was great. The potstickers were a bit oily but still good. The spare ribs just fell of the bone and the sauce was very good. The crown jewel were the pork and crab dumplings, the soup and filling were absolutely amazing, best I have ever had. Best part was the waiter showing me how to eat them as to not burn my mouth. Portions were very big and prices are fair.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, period. Don't skip he Wuxi Spare Ribs and eggplant in garlic sauce!
TRUFFLE SOUP DUMPLINGS!! Just as good as Joe's Shanghai with a quarter of the wait time. Huge selection and fast service. Not one bad dish was served but the crowd favorite was the truffle soup dumplings. We must have had 6 orders of them.
The soup dumplings here are AMAZING. In my opinion, it is way better than Joe's Shanghai. This is my go-to spot when I'm craving some XLB. The soup dumplings are full of flavorful juice and filling. Be careful and don't eat the whole thing at once because the filling is extremely hot! The fried XLB is also very good. They're just as full of salty sweetness and the buns just melt in your mouth.We also ordered Szechuan wontons and the wine chicken. The wontons packed some good flavor and heat but they weren't overly spicy. The wine chicken was tender and juicy. My group devoured them quickly!The only downside of this place is that there can be long wait times during peak hours.
Been here countless of times and the only 3 items on the menu I order. Although I should be opened to trying the other dishes on the menu eh. - Pork Soup Dumplings- Pan Fried Pork Dumplings- Fried Jumbo Shrimp w/ Fruit Sauce** Egg Drop Soup is bland ** I wouldn't bother. A few cons I have w/ this place:- Plate settings are sometimes oily, greasy looking.- Another thing I found annoying, I came here w/ my daughter for breakfast recently. I called prior to opening time on a Sunday morning which was 11AM. Host said they were opened but indeed they were not. Refuse to let customers in before 11AM which was kind of annoying. #1: It is and was cold outside.#2: They could have sat down customers first and then provided service at 11AM.Keep in mind if you do call prior opening time, they will tell you they are open but in reality will you be standing outside waiting.
Definitely the best XLB in Chinatown. I was a little skeptical that I was walking into an overrated tourist trap but the XLB lived up to the hype - the dough wrapper, filling, and soup were all on point and very authentic. Plenty of seating for both large and small dining parties, with downstairs space too. There is typically a sizable wait during the dinnertime rush (even when I went on a random weekday) but the tables do turn over fairly quickly.Service is a little faster and more attentive than standard Chinatown service, and the hostess is very friendly. Bill came to about $25 for 2 orders of bao and garlic eggplant with chicken. Would come back again for the XLB!
I must have passed this place more than 100 times in all the times I've been to Chinatown. Thankfully my soupy dumplings search via Yelp re-entered my foodie compass to this low frills eatery. I was a little turned off by the welcome at the door, the girl said "Hi we only take Amex and cash" lol ok straight shooter. Once I confirmed the methods of payment we when granted entry. Let's get to the fun stuff, so as we know the soupy dumplings (XLB) are a must so we ordered pork and the mixed pork and crab, frankly truffled XLB was too fancy for 2x the price of the regular one. As many yelped recommended the Szechuan Wonton off the menu, I saw it under appetizers. But I really messed up when I ordered this one. Originallyi ordered the right one, but for some reason I thought it was fried so I asked our waiter for pan fried and she changed it so when got the order it was fried wontons in a boat shaped plate sprinkled with scallions and a side of sweet soy sauce. Still yummy piping hot but not the bowl of wonton covered in spicy goodness I see in everyone else's pictures, I messed up. And the last item we ordered was cold sesame noodles. Toba loves all things peanut buttery so no surprise this was his pick. XLB was on point, the broth inside these purses of goodness just makes one go MMmm... The crab mixed was great too but after the second one it lost it's appeal so stick with the 'oink' traditional version and you will be happy. Also eat this first because when we got to the last one, the skin started to dry out and the soup was slightly congealed. The sesame noodles? It was good but I can make better. They sell their chopsticks for $3 such a cute thing for tourists. All in all great place to get my XLB fix and total with tax and tip was $33 some may argue a little pricey for Chinatown but hey sometimes it's ok. Oh one star deduction because our waiter wasn't the friendliest but I saw the other waiters were much smile-ier :)#ccawentures
Great authentic dim sum experience.  We had soup dumplings, Szechuan won tons, mapo tofu, and chicken and hot pepper sauce.  My favorite were the won tons.  Super flavorful and pleasing!  I don't recommend the chicken but everything else was excellent.  Good service and super reasonable prices!
The soup dumplings deserve the five stars! I came here with a friend and we ordered 2 classic pork soup dumplings, 1 crab soup dumplings, and 1 spicy wonton. We finished everything =D Both soup dumplings are really delicious, and it taste better when they are hot. So eat them as soon as they are placed on your table. Compare to the pork, the crab soup dumplings don't have as much soup inside. BUT it's still good. Be VERYYYY careful when you pick up your soup dumplings because you don't want to break it and the soup will leak out. The spicy wonton has now become my new favorite food to eat there. It's not too spicy and it is a little sweet. So it is perfect combination with the right balance of spicy. At first, it does not taste spicy, but it will kick in later. If you want it even more spicy, just mix the wonton with more spicy oil that's in the dish.
Shanghai Asian Manor is one of my go-to restaurants in Chinatown. It's clean, has quick service, serves authentic and fresh food. Also, it has one of the best XLBs in NYC, including Flushing. They are always packed so not much more I can say to sway people. I always recommend friends come here. And just to put icing on the cake, my very Chinese mom said this place is really authentic. THUMBS UP. Favorites:XLBwontons in chili oil Pork & Bamboo Shootschicken & corn soup
This review is long overdue... and I mean LONGGG overdue. I've been living near Chinatown for over 25 years, so I have tried pretty much every soup dumpling spot they have to offer. This is the spot I choose to return to on a WEEKLY basis. Soup dumplings is my favorite dish, so I get it at least once a week; I come here so often, the main hostess recognizes me and remembers my name. The soup dumplings here are amazing. The broth is flavorful and the skin is thin just the way I like it. I was a very sad when they decreased the number of soup dumplings from 8 to 6, but it's just how things work and now I just place an extra order (I usually order two between 2 people).I usually order the lo mein with beef or pork, spicy wontons and fried scallion pancake-- all delicious. I personally do not like their fried noodles as they do not use the typical noodles that are used for that dish, but I still see it getting ordered a lot. On top of this place having the best soup dumplings, I love their service. They do not rush you no matter how busy it gets (I'm looking at you Shanghai Cafe), make you share a 4 person table if you're just a group of 2 (still looking at you Shanghai Cafe), and they still offer smaller tables for a more intimate setting (unlike Joe's Shanghai).The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that they recently changed their payment options from accepting multiple major credit cards to only accepting Amex. I do not have Amex, so now I always have to try and remember to bring cash every time I go for soup dumplings (once again WEEKLY, so you can imagine how inconveniencing that is for me).
I've only read about soup dumplings and seen them on tv. We had them here and they did not disappoint. The dough was thin and delicately folded. The size was perfect to dip from a spoon. 4 adults and 4 kids ate 10 orders. Wish I could back in time to eat this meal again.
Ahhhhhhh best shanghainese food in New York!! Def most authentic and prices are really reasonable - I'm shanghainese and I love this place
Just after the rush hour of lunch (we arrived around 14.30), we were seated within 5 minutes. We ordered a soup and some spring rolls for starters. Especially the soup (Hong Kong style spicy and sour soup, which was one of the chefs specials) was very tasty. The spring rolls were, despite being filed properly, a bit less 'special' I would say. Maybe spring rolls also aren't the best dish to choose when you're looking for special Chinese food. For main courses we had three different dishes for four persons, which was more than sufficient for us. We had chicken walnut, sweet and sour pork and crispy duck. The chicken was really good. Moist and tender meat, many walnuts and the bits of pepper really finished the dish. The pork was phenomenal (DO eat this when you're here!!), the sweat and sour sauce was perfectly sticky and yummy. Also, the meat was tender, so really a cracker dish. The crispy duck was ok. It was not special, but just pleasant to eat. I would not order it again. All in all we had some really good dishes and some less special dishes. The staff was actually really friendly, despite reading some negative reviews on yelp. Conclusion: I would definitely return here when I'm around and I would DEFINITELY order the sweet and sour pork chops again!
Good food, good service and very inexpensive. My wife and I had a great dinner with beer and spent 57$ tip included.
It was decent but nothing fantastic. They no longer take debit or credit cards. Just AMEX and cash. Very noisy, so not necessarily a place if you want to have a decent conversation without raising your voice. We had pork fried rice and sweet and sour chicken. It was good but nothing special!
While this was only my second or third experience with soup dumplings, I don't know if I would go anywhere else for them. This place was incredible,  from the scallion pancakes to the pork dumplings, the sui mai to all the different soup dumplings. You cannot beat their prices, either. Would 100% recommend this to anyone and I cannot wait for the chance to come back. Somewhat small place so I would recommend getting there at the odd hours of the day
So amazing! The service was great and the food was even better. They had a variety of different foods and every thing we ordered was delicious. Must go!
We went here on a Monday night and had to wait 20 minutes for a table. We ordered the Pork and Crab Dumplings and they were delicious. We also ordered the pork fried dumplings, beef and noodle soup and Shanghai Lo Mein with beef. All the dishes were delicious and good value. Service was efficient and fast.
I would be here more often if it wasn't always so packed. Half the times the lines are out the door (you can shaykh see a group of people standing outside), which automatically just pushes me away. Food is pretty decent, but sometimes the food takes a while to come out, which adds to why there's a line. My favorite is this plate with lettuce and a bowl of minced meat (mixed with other verges), and you use the lettuce to make a wrap with the meat. Not sure what it's called but it's the bomb.
The taste of the xiao long bao stayed the same, but the size of it just got a lot smaller. The truffle xiao long bao tasted mediocre. You can smell the truffle when you bite into it, but you can't really taste it at all. I would still prefer to original xiao long bao. The pan fried buns tasted pretty good too.
XLB's, wonton soup, and changhai noodles were all pretty bland unfortunately. General Tso chicken was a very good version - spicy and crispy. Unless you come with a party of 2, be prepared to wait. Place is a madhouse inside. All that was like $50. Reasonable.
Food is decent and the quality is better than most places in China town. But my problem is that flavor, most of them taste very bland.
Came here for lunch, ordered the Pork XLB and Crab XLB among other dishes. Supposedly this place is good for their XLBs. Decided to try it out. The taste of the XLB are ok and not super delicious. You can definitely find other places with no wait to get a decent XLB.On a busy weekend this place seems to have a long wait and crowded with non asian diners.This place definitely seems like a touristy place.
Great food! It's almost the same quality as the one I had in Shanghai. We were on short of time and came here for a 20 min quick dinner. We ordered three type of Baozi and all of them came quick and delicious. We especially like the No. 1 crab meat baozi which has the combination of pork and crab flavor. The soup inside is very savory. I would definitely come back again!
This place got really busy around 8 pm on a Thursday. Food was good and affordable. Staff was also really friendly and accommodating. I actually really enjoyed the soup dumplings and I'm usually really picky about them. Approveee
If you want don't want to wait in line or be in a crowded atmosphere like Joe's Shanghai, definitely come here for soup dumplings!It is much more spacious and you don't feel rushed! It does get packed at times, but not at the point where they're literally sweeping the plates out of your hands. Be sure to make a reservation!We ordered 4 rounds of soup dumplings, fried tiny buns with pork and Shanghai lo mein with seafood.They were all really good! However, the winners were the soup dumplings and the lo mein! They have two varieties of soup dumplings: crab meat and pork and just pork. I really like the crab meat and pork ones!The prices are pretty cheap. I was with a party of 6 and we each ended paying around $10 each. For the amount of food we got, that's a great deal!If you're feeling hungry and do not want to spend too much, definitely come here! The food is always so good and you leave happy and content!
Didn't even try the food, the host was incredibly rude and had no idea what ADA was and acted like I was a burden to her more than a guest in her establishment. Fail. Never again.
Favorite spot for soup dumplings! However, this place is particularly always pack. Especially during lunch and dinner peak hours. There must be a reason for that, now aren't there?I came here for dinner with my friends and we ordered the pork soup dumplings, wonton Szechuan style, and Shanghai lo mein. These are usually the three main things I order besides the buns and scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings tastes so much better than other places (Joe's). They're not small and full of soup that makes it juicy. Deliciouso! Their wonton szechuan style is a little spicy. I like spicy food, so I didn't think it was spicy. It was sure tasty. Their Shanghai lo mein had a lot of flavor as well. I have yet had any bad experiences here and I come here really often.
Best meal I have had while in NYC. I was pretty simple and got fried rice with scallion pancakes.  Amazing. Loved sister's half duck as well. The complimentary tea was amazing. Great service, especially for Manhattan.
I never realized my new office building is so close to Chinatown until yesterday. My friend and I were looking for a place that had late dim sum and took credit card (note to self: dim sum does not happen after 4pm; I know this deep down, but I always forget and am always hoping there will be a place that does it 24 hours - please someone open one) and instead found Shanghai Asian Manor. We ordered steamed watercress and shrimp dumplings, wonton in Szechuan sauce, and their special - black truffle soup dumplings.The soup dumplings were soooo good. The aroma of black truffle was mouthwatering and once I took a bite and took a sip of the "soup" inside, it was game over. The flavors were subtle but clearly there. I didn't even want to ruin it with the vinegar sauce they give you.The Szechuan wontons were pretty good, though the meat inside was sort of on the chewy side? I don't know, there was something about the texture that was a bit off for me, but otherwise the sauce and wonton skin were good.The watercress/shrimp dumpling is an easy pass. This is enough for me to want to come back and try other things. Will I? Maybe. There are so many other places around that we'll just have to see.
The food here is truly Shanghai-nese style. For those who are not familiar is Shanghai cuisine, it tends to be sweeter. We ordered the spicy wontons, black vinegar fish, soup dumplings, and rice cakes.My favorite was the Spicy Wontons, they have a heat to them but not unbearable. I will be stopping by again to get more. I enjoyed their soup dumplings but wish the skin was a little thinner. The fish was delicious, I really like the taste of vinegar and thought this was beautifully done. My least favorite were the rice cakes. It was just a little too sweet for me. Growing up my mom use to make a salty flavor version and must have brainwashed me into thinking rice cakes are only meant to be served salty. The rice cakes being a little sweet did not stop my from finishing them.The staff are nice and use to westerner so their service skills were significantly above average for a Chinatown establishment. Can not wait to make a return for those wontons.
Any place that serves dim sum any time of the day makes me happy. It's not the traditional push-cart version, but what they have is pretty good. Service was on point. Everyone was attentive and friendly.I came alone the first time and ordered four items: shrimp dumplings (har gow), steamed tiny buns with pork (xiao long bao or soup dumplings), wine chicken (drunken chicken), and wontons in Szechuan sauce. Everything was pretty tasty for the most part. Shrimp dumplings are fairly large and not because of the wrap; the skin to meat ratio was perfect. The soup dumplings were big and soupy, but some were placed a bit too close together, making the skin stick. The wine chicken wasn't bad, but I've had better. I was lucky enough to come in on a not-so-crowded day. I came back on a Sunday (typical dim sum day) evening and was told the wait would be at least 30 minutes. There were crowds outside the door.
Amazing food, great service, craving some more soup dumplings right now. My friends came here on a Saturday during the day, completely packed. 5 of us and we only waited 10 minutes, not bad at all. We got 7 orders of soup dumplings, yes 7 because they're amazing, jellyfish, beef pan friend noodles, and sesame chicken. Everything was delicious. Soup dumplings were my favorite though, make sure you poke a hole and don't stuff the whole thing in your mouth. Saw some people do it and get burned pretty badly... Lol. Sesame chicken was very tender on the inside, crispy on the outside, and the sauce wasn't too sweet. We ordered it because we saw another table get it and it looked really good. Glad we did. Pan fried noodles was awesome as well. Good balance on the sauce, not too salty, just enough flavor. Altogether, the bill only came out to $77 for all 5 of us for all that food so it's very affordable. Definitely try it out.
LOVE this place!!  Definitely some of the best soup dumplings in town!!  If not THE best!  The place can be a zoo though, especially on the weekends, so expect a wait.  The other steamed dumplings and fried dumplings are great too!
There was once a time when this was my go to restaurant in Chinatown (thanks Ray C. for introducing it to me back in '12). Now, I can no longer stand by my initial reviews. In a short year or so, this place has fallen to shit. I should've seen the signs. The last time I came a few months ago, the sheng jian bao was already meh at best... But today we reached a new low. We ordered XLB, scallion pancakes, jellyfish, kao fu, kong xing cai/ong cai with garlic, and braised yellow fish in brown sauce. The XLB was dry. The scallion pancakes barely had any layers of dough within - no substance. The jelly fish was doused in sesame oil and half the dish was pickled cabbage. The kaofu was just sugar with very minimal xiang gu and muo er aka fungus. The greens were blanched which is good but there was nothing else there under the smokiness, under seasoned. Lastly, and the worst, was the fish. It reeked. All too obvious that it was frozen and had been dead for quite some time and hadn't been cleaned properly prior to freezing it. The fishiness was overbearing. We couldn't finish eating it.This is the last straw. Never coming back again.PS. Also $1 per bowl of rice. This is when you know that a Chinese restaurant has been Westernized.
I have eaten in this location a few times and the food is great I usually recommend my friends here for soupy dumplings. However, I am definitely not returning anymore because of how rude the hostess was on Sunday late morning. I told her I was there for a party of two and had my name down and informed her twice that I will be waiting outside to be called. Shortly after my friend arrived and chatted outside of the restaurant for a good 10 minutes, only to discover that the hostess gave the seat to the couple who came after me. I confronted the hostess about it and not only she didn't apologize, she told me to wait even longer on top of a good half an hour I waited. In addition, she did not even make the effort to come out and ask me if it is ok to let that couple go before me just in case I am still waiting for my friend. But in fact my friend arrived long before that. No thanks! I will not come back here nor recommending it to anybody.
Probably my favorite shanghai cuisine spot. There's so much competition for Shanghai cuisine specifically, but this place is go-to! It's a nice atmosphere. Plenty of seating. Staff is very attentive. I love that they have so many pictures of their food around the restaurant and on the menu. Food was really great. Nothing fancy but still really good. The vegetable spring rolls omfg probably the best I ever had!
As predicted, loved the pork soup dumplings (spoon that vinegar on top). Beef lo mein was great too.
This place has really good soup dumplings.  The soup is not overly oily or fatty and has a hint of sweetness to it that really finishes well.  Other places seem to have too much bite to the soup in the ginger or vinegar but the balance of flavors makes these one of the better soup dumplings we have experienced.  The other dishes are solid from the noodle soups to the rice.
I tried Shanghai Asian Manor as well as Joe's Shanghai during my visit to New York. I really wanted to compare the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) at both locations. Having tried both within a couple days, I think the xiao long bao at Shanghai Asian Manor tastes better. The soup inside the dumpling is smoother and thinner. It tasted too thick at the other place. The wrapper at both locations was very thick. And the size of the dumplings were about the same. The dumplings (at both places) are okay, but not amazing. The food is average. My favorite place for xiao long bao is actually Din Tai Fung in Taipei. Go there if you ever have a chance.
This is an over-rated restaurant. Ordered the soup dumplings, fried rice and shrimp with chili sauce. Every dish had problems with it.Atmosphere is disorganized and claustrophobic. We waited 30 minutes for a table right by the door, and when I asked the hostess if we can move to another table she said no. Waiter also forget our drink order.Shrimp was over cooked and way too sweet, fried rice was bland and the soup dumplings were lacking in real flavor or depth. Would NOT recommend this place. Go somewhere else if you are seeking authentic food and good service.
We originally had a party of 7 but there were no available seating so we divided into 3 and 4 into two booths. Our table ordered hot and sour soup, scallion pancakes, pork XLB, crab XLB, and Shanghai noodles. The XLB were so-so. The Shanghai noodles were on the saltier side. FYI, they ONLY accept American Express credit cards.
Mmm dim sum...everyone is raving about the soup dumplings and I have to agree. My boyfriend kept talking about them a week later. I also enjoyed my favorite dim sum dish of shrimp dumplings- although my boyfriend thought there was too much of a wrap-to-shrimp ratio, I thought the wrap was still tasty enough. We also had salt and pepper calamari, shu mai, and fried dumplings. I don't ever like shu mai and only had one or two. The calamari was quite good and I only had one fried dumpling. Perhaps we should have balanced our meal with more veggies, but maybe next time!Even though Chinatown abounds with Chinese restaurants, I have a special place in my mind-appetite for this one..
After a very disappointing experience at Joe's Shanghai (overrated), I was desperate to find a good place to get XLB. I couldn't have been more happy to find this place!! Quality for a good price!The food was authentic and fantastic! We had the xiao long bao (call "tiny steamed dumplings" on the menu), scallion pancake, chicken fried rice and the shanghainese lo mein with pork. All were great! Service was fast and much friendly than other places in the area (which was happy surprise)! Came here for lunch on a Sunday and there was a small crowd waiting but we were able to get a table within 15 minutes. Unlike Joe's, there's no communal tables and the restaurant is more modern, clean and well kept. Bottom line: Come here for good XLB (soup dumplings)! Joe's may have more hype and a bigger crowd but this is the place to go for better food and a better experience!
Loveeeee this place!!!This is my go-to spot for Shanghai food. The service is super fast and the staff is friendly. There's always a long line at the door but it moves fast. The food is delicious! Definitely check it out if haven't already! :)
Service is always attentive and kind. Recommend the soup dumplings, and any other dumpling they have, shanghai lo mein. There's usually a wait around peak times but it goes pretty quickly. Cash or Amex only.
Waited about 15 mins for a table for 4. Hot tea came once we got seated. Service was quick! And the food came out in a timely manner. We ordered the Mock Duck, Scallion Pancakes, Pan Fried Pork Buns, Pea Shoots with Garlic, Pork Soup Dumplings, and the Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles. Everything was tasty! My favorite was the Scallion Pancakes. It was hot and crispy and soft and doughy as well. Another hit was the Pan Fried Pork Buns.
This is my go-to place for soup dumplings. Service is fast and I've never felt like my table was ignored here, no matter how busy it gets. I love their soup dumplings, Szechuan wontons, scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, and rice cakes. Be prepared to wait for a table on weekends and during prime dinner hours but the food is so worth the wait!!
Not a bad place to go check out.The soup dumplings are tasty and delicate the way they should be and very flavorful.  We also had some noodles, Mapo tofu and a spicy chicken dish.  All the non soup dumpling food was good to very good - the noodles were tastier than i expected.  Servings were moderately sized, good for 3 to 4 people per dish - but not enough for more.So the perfect amount of people is 4 and each person should order 1 family style dish - and 1 or 2 sets of soup dumplings.  That would feed a hungry group.
tasty pork soup dumplings. fast service. good food. mostly full of tourists and not many locals. it is located at the 'tunnel' entrance and a good spot for some shanghai food.
There are so many places to choose when wanting dim sum in New York especially in Chinatown. Glad we landed here. Shrimp soup dumplings, pork steamed dumplings and watercress shrimp dumplings are fantastic. Tasty and cooked to perfection. We also enjoyed the shrimp and pork spring rolls. We ordered the scallion pancake that is excellent but some of it was too heavily fried. Greeted with complimentary green tee and 80's music which i genuinely enjoyed. Good stop and solid place if craving soup dumplings.
This is my first time in China town, my friends's usual place was full so we just walked across street to this place.My friends never had jelly fish so we ordered jelly fish to start with. They were actually good (I was skeptical because I've only had it in Japan), just perfect amount of sesame oil and some vinegar on the bottom where they put some shredded cabbage, my friends liked it.Next ordered scallion pancakes ( They were deep-fried unlike Korean pancakes, not a fan), and we ordered crab and pork mini buns and black truffle mini buns. I'd never had soup dumplings, but they were delicious, but my favorite was black truffle mini buns since I love truffle!Caution: They are very hot so you should wait for a few minutes and drink a little bit of soup before you go for the whole bun...
The food here was absolutely amazing; the dim sum were fresh and tasty and the Lo Mein had texture and depth to it,l. To put it simply, it is one of the best authentic Chinese restaurants in NYC.
Pork and crab soup dumplings... I've rarely had this good and if they were like this everywhere I'd be a happy diner. The thinnest and most delicate outer shell I've ever had, and the soup and meat inside was just spectacular. A scallion pancake to the tune of $2.75 was a lot of extra food. I also had an order of Szechuan wontons that had a bit of a sweetness to the heat which didn't really merit the "one pepper" rating next to it. I've tried to get into this place 3-4 times and every time there's been a huge line at times when I didn't anticipate. I sort of gave up trying. But today, today, looking for early lunch because I missed breakfast, was walking around and there they are, no wait. I'm in.Now that I've had their staples I'm anxious to return for another meal. Excellent all the way around. Wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend them.
Came with a party of 5 on a Friday night. They do not take reservations but we were seated as soon as our party got there. Best of the meal was the siew long bao also know as soup dumpling. Everything else is a hit or miss, either too bland or too salty. I guess my review is towards a staff. The waiter that served our table was nice and all but the lady in the back that packs the takeout bags was rude. To prevent fighting for the bill, I decided to walk to the front to pay for the bill but was told by the front lady that I would have to go to the back and there's a cashier there. I followed the waiter, waited for the bill and opened up my wallet. Then an annoying short lady kept repeating HELLO HELLO HELLO x50. I assumed she was on the phone but no she was talking to me. Now mind you there was a counter head level and on top of it was takeout packed in bags so she expected me to notice her talking to me through the bags and she's like 5 feet. The waiter that took me there spoke up and told her I am paying for the bill just take it when she's done and she gave a bitchface saying why I have to pay there and there's no table. First of all bitch it takes time to take out cash since you ONLY accept American Express credit card now. Second, instead of repeatedly saying HELLO why don't you try EXCUSE ME. Rude and unprofessional. Been here numerous times but this was the worst I had it here. Props to the waiter that spoke up for me though. Will not be coming back but of course there's tourist and loyal fans for this place. But if you're coming here, soup dumpling is the only thing u would want to get.
The restaurant looks inconspicuous from the outside but their food is on a whole different level. A bunch my coworkers and I got the Sui long bao aka soup dumpling cravings and we were pleasantly surprised by not just the soup dumplings themselves but the stewed beef noodle soup as well! The service is relatively quick and they do take cards. If you are looking for a quick bite to satisfy that craving, order the crab soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes! I will definitely be visiting again!
My husband brought me here for dinner... 45 minuet wait but the food was worth it!! We had, black truffle and pork soup dumplings, also the crab meat/ pork ones!! Both were delicious but the black truffle were my favorite!! Definitely recommend and coming back!
Came here on a Sunday morning with 2 friends, right around when they open (11am)- lucky we got there early, we saw the seats fill up pretty quickly!This was actually my second time coming in- I had their soup dumplings before and they were crazy good, so it was time for a come back. We got 2 orders of pork soup dumplings, 1 order of the crab dumplings, the fried tiny pork buns, the szechuan wontons and also the pork cutlet noodle soup. (yes, we don't mess around). As before, the soup dumplings were amazing- great soup and meaty centers under the delicate skin. However, points off that some of the dumplings were stuck together, leading to a jenga- like struggle to separate them before they ripped! (can't waste a drop of that soup!).The fried pork buns were good, but I gotta say the meat to dough ratio was a little off... more meat please! I strongly recommend the szechaun wontons if you're looking for a more powerful flavor- the sauce had a great smoky sort of flavor and was very flavorful.The pork cutlet noodle soup was another favorite- deliciously fried and savory pork cutlet served with noodles, it was very well balanced because the soup has a very light flavor.$15 (incl tip) for all this- I was very satisfied :)All in all, will probably be one of my go tos in Chinatown!
Best xiao long bao I've ever eaten! So juicy and it had the perfect wrapper. It was delicate, light and thin. Filling was really flavorful and the xlb itself was huge! So delicious! I really wished I ate here instead of that Peking House. Service was nice to for my one order.
This is definitely one of the best/authentic places for XLB (xiao long bao aka soup dumplings). It's popular amongst New Yorkers, but not as well known as Joe's Shanghai so it is less crowded given that it isn't a tourist thirst trap.We ordered two pork XLB and two crab XLB (16 each split equally), and man did we CRUSH them. Firstly, the texture of the dumpling wrap is perfect-- Not too thin where it would break apart at the slightest touch of the tong, and not too thick where it's chewy and unpleasant, yet still perfect enough to hold in the broth. The broth is aromatic and tasty and the meat is juicy, extremely flavorful, and a delight to eat. Even the chili oil and vinegar sauce were so flavorful/good quality. The portions were just right and the cost was fairly inexpensive.They also serve other authentic Shanghainese food and dim sum, but honestly we were set on seeing how much XLB we could fit in our bellies, given that there is probably no comparable place around our way (VA/DC/MD).The service here is quick and straightforward and they also provide you with a delicious jasmine green tea to start.Definitely a must when I'm in NY!
I've came so many times to this place since I found about it a few months ago, that the waiters already know me. They not only make the effort to get to know their clients but they are also helpful and quick. A few times I've had to wait because the place was packed, and even then you could see how well managed it all was (plus, the day I had to wait the most, it was not more than 20 minutes). The soup dumplings (pork ones) are absolutely delicious, you can't miss those if you come here. But pretty much everything that I've had at this place, so far, has been really good.
I was told by a friend who grew up in Chinatown that this restaurant was the cleanest option.The two things you HAVE to order are: Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The best of both, of all time, in my opinion.Everything else is OK and sometimes the prices for non dim sum items are higher than ideal.It's casual so don't expect anything else and it's by no means a very cleanly experience so don't expect that either.
Had some family members coming out town and one of the places they wanted to visit was Chinatown...We decided that we definitely wanted to eat some dumplings and if u ever been to Chinatown let me tell u competition is tight if u don't have a smartphone TG for smartphones because all I did was YELP best dumplings in the area and this place was rated #1...Basically we ordered of course dumplings for appetizers it was all we expected plus more , fried pancakes so delicious and worth the calories and shumai dumplings also good...As an entree we all basically ordered the same noodles and it was great ... Actually if we would of known we would of split it the portions are enormous for like $10... My one relative got the General Tso chicken... Let's just say I will never go to a corner Chinese restaurant again...
The service was great. Tea cups were constantly filled and ordering was prompt.The food on the other hand was mediocre. I am only reviewing the soup dumpling because that's what I usually order when I'm out for Shanghai cuisine. The soup was there but the filling was horrible. The meat was not fresh. It had a bland taste that was poorly masked by sugar. Not recommended. There are better places around the area.
I went to visit this place last Sunday, after being a full time customer at Joe's Shanghai and preaching about how great their soup dumplings were, I was told that I had To go here and that these were more authentic.  Here are my thoughts:Decor:  Nice.  And I say "nice" as not a great thing.  I feel like when I go to eat in Chinatown, I want an experience that gives me the gritty feel of Chinatown- this place is almost TOO nice.Service: Okay.  Just okay.  But that is what is expected in Chinatown Food:  Good.  Although I am told that this is more the of the way soup dumplings should taste, I still prefer Joe's Shanghai over these.  Not nearly as much soup, the soup is not nearly as flavorful, and overall I felt like they were nothing spectacular.  Note:  I didn't try anything else besides these and then scallion pancakes.  2nd Note:  although they take card, if you are just going in by yourself or not going to eat a lot-  the minimum is $20 for a card
Great food, good price. Very authentic. Only compliant is the wait time. Would love to come back!
Nice cozy, clean restaurant in the Chinatown area. The menu has over one hundred selections and you order by number. I had the scallion pancakes which were phenomenal. I also tried the pork buns and pork dumplings. I was slightly disappointed it was pork sausage and not traditional pork. You get plenty of food and the prices are fairly cheap for New York.
Busy place but thats because they have Amazing Food to say the least! Great service and very clean
Price is definitely reasonable for the amount of food that you're getting! The food itself is pretty good (rice cakes and xiao long bao were great). Interior is pretty clean (I'm mentioning this because i feel like most places aren't that clean), and there is usually a short wait.
When I think of Shanghai foods, I will always come here. If you are looking for authentic Shanghai cuisine, I will recommend other Shanghai restaurant. Shanghai Asian manor is more fusion, it combines Cantonese and Shanghai style. I like the steamed tiny bun with thin layer of skin, and the regular Shanghai rest can't do it. I like the Shanghai Lo Mein they make more flavor and tasty, they cook with udon which I like the tenderness it has. Also, the Szechuan wonton they make is delicious, it is not too spicy, but the sauce is great! The Wonderful fruit sauce with shrimp is highly recommend, it is fresh and crispy, the sauce makes with orange and mayo which is fresh! My friend which is a foodie also says the foods here are delicious, that's why the restaurant is always busy.
Had lunch here a week ago with some friends from Italy. I knew it was going to be good because there was a constant line to get in. We had almost all the soup dumplings. These are worth the trip to Chinatown. The scallion pancakes were crispy and delicious. The whole chili fish was amazing. The spareribs, beef with peppers and the crispy chicken was just as yummy. When in Chinatown Mott Street this a must stop.
Very clean and good food! I would definitely go again. Very surprised of how clean the restaurant was considering it was in Chinatown
There are LOTS of choices in Chinatown, but take it from a resident of the neighborhood - this is one of the best. Everyone's crazy for soup dumplings and after having them (many times) at Shanghai Asian Manor, I can't even imagine waiting in line or sharing a table with strangers at Joe's Shanghai. The most I've ever waited for a table was about 10 minutes during a super busy weekend evening. Most times there's a table waiting and a smiling hostess to get you seated and comfortable right away. I usually don't like the crab XLB as much because at a lot of places it's too fishy, but the pork and crab variety here is perfect - perfect texture, perfect flavor, perfect temp. Yes the soup dumplings are amazing but don't stop there. Everything, and I mean everything I've ever had there is super tasty. They're also known for their scallion pancake so don't forget that as an app. The pieces are huge - plenty for about 4 people to share as a small starter before the meal. What else do you want? Soup noodles? Fried rice? A veggie dish? Seafood? It's all delicious here. Also really impressed by the clean interior and friendly, fast service. The only thing I don't love about the decor is the huge blown up photos of food over really brightly lit panels... somehow it makes the food way less appetizing than it really is. The music's always pretty funny too, but to me that just adds to the charm. Gobble up all of the Shanghainese food you can, then head over to the Chinatown Ice Cream Factory for a sweet treat (review coming soon). You will not be disappointed!
Hands-down my favorite place in Chinatown. Order everything on the menu! Prepare for a wait as they don't take reservations and the line is usually very long.
I liked their Soup Dumpling and also liked their side sauce!!! I liked their Crab and pork meat ratio!!! I could taste both Crab and Pork from one dumpling. (If you would like to have strong crab meat flavor soup dumpling, maybe Joe's Shanghai is the one for you).Wonton Szechuan Style: Not too spicy and sauce had a strong flavor. Their Wonton wrap was really thin and taste was okay. My favorite kind of wonton is white slippery wrap with hot sauce and fresh scallions. So this Szechuan style wonton was not for me.Watercress and Shrimp Steamed dumpling:Their green color wrap surprised me but I really liked the flavor!! Shrimp was crunchy and popping!!
Solid, authentic Chinese food. Soup dumplings - bomb - second only to The Bao's, and the dishes I've had are always on point: sauteed pea shoots, scallion pancake, fried rice, spicy wonton, etc. It's pretty popular so I recommend coming early-ish on a weeknight. And bring cash!
I've told too many people about this place and now I can only kick myself. There is always a huge line out the door and a long thirty to forty minute wait...the worst is when I see people I told about the restaurant in there and seated when I get there!!!! Rawr!!!! I usually love seeing my friends, but not when they are stopping me from being fed! This place is a place to get a solid meal in Chinatown. One of my favorite spots for two of my favorite dishes. The soup dumplings and the steamed then fried bao. In Chinese these are Xiao Long Bao and Shen Jian Bao.  I found out on my most recent trip too (since I branch out very reluctantly once I find things I love at a place) that their noodles soups are also amazing. Their noodles are QQ and have that great chewy texture and their broths are very well flavored with a richness that comes with lots of work layering. They are willing to do veggies your way if you ask them to. I always ask for Ching Tzao. Which is like a light stir fry with garlic and salt instead of any heavy sauces or oils. In short, if you are in need of a hearty Chinese meal while in Manhattan's Chinatown this is the place for it!
I was skeptical about having to go to a different place rather than my usual spot which is also on Mott St. I like comfort and I was comfortable with the one I usually go to but that didn't stop be from trying this place out. From a friend's recommendation, this place was her favorite spot to go to so I had to come see what it was all about. Even though I have my usual go to spot for Shanghai food, I really have to give props for their watercress dumplings and their crab meat soup dumplings. I've had countless encounters with these two items and most of the places don't make it right. The watercress dumplings were so on point with flavor and everything you expect a watercress dumpling to taste like. The crab meat soup dumplings are by far, the best ones I've ever had. It had the right amount of fat, juice, flavor .. basically how a crab soup dumpling is supposed to taste like. However, the pork soup dumplings were a big disappointment. I had better. It kind of sucks that a Shanghai place can't make their pork soup dumplings right. It was not juicy, flavorful and fatty enough. Now I think I really have to find a spot that has the best of everything.
It was really good.... Delicious steamed buns with black truffle special.  Excellent.
i have been to ny many times and always disappointed with the chinese food. but not this time. xiao long baos were excellent. veggies great. my daughter order noodles and i loved the soup. the won ton soup was not good and lost one star for that. i would go back.
Awesome food. The schezuan style wontons were our favorite. Wait was about 20 minutes on Easter Sunday around 7.
For years, I have been coming here for their soup dumplings and appetizers. I prefer SAM over a nearby tourist trap because their food tastes less oily, the restaurant is cleaner, the staff is much nicer, and prices are better. Although I do long for the days before everyone found out about this place because the wait can get really long and sometimes you have to share tables. I also noticed they recently reduced their serving of soup dumplings from 8 to 6... how disappointing.I've introduced a few friends to this place and they are also now loyal fans, woo! I do have to say that the food was better in their opening years but it's still better than any other place I've tried in Chinatown.
My friends were in you town and wanted to try soup dumplings in NYC. I read great reviews about this place so I had to try it. We came in on a Saturday around 4 so there was no wait. Ordered: Pork soup dumplings - amazing! So good we got a 2nd order.Scallion pancakes, spring rolls and pan fried noodles. The sauce in the noodles was really good. One of the best noodle dishes I've had in Chinatown. Tip: They only have beer so if you're looking for drinks there's no full bar.The Waiter was also really attentive and fast. We got our food in less then 10 min as we told him we had to leave in an hour. Great food and a must try for soup dumplings!
They're food is good and they're prices are very reasonable as well. I do have to say that maybe they're probably not the most authentic Shanghai restaurant. They didn't my favorite staple on the menu, Hong Shao Rou. Overall the food was really tasty. I did enjoy the Shanghai rice cakes the best. It was moist and soft and the savory flavor was great. We also had the fish with chili sauce and a beef dish. Both were ok, not super memorable.
I walked in for a quick lunch. I went for what most liked, Steamed Tiny (soup) Buns with Crab Meat and Pork ($7.25/6). I like the crab flavor coming through between the juicy pork and soup that I tried other known soup dumplings, not Joe's. My dumplings were somewhat warm and the filing had no crab and crab flavor. This place has good reviews on their soup dumpling, but what I was served didn't giving the same experience unfortunately. I will go trying other places  and maybe come back and try again..
This place is fantastic. I went with my family (husband and 2 girls-14&16). All 4 of us loved everything! The pork steamed soup dumplings are amazing! And the lo main - best I've ever had! The atmosphere is wonderful and people are super friendly! We are only in NY for 5 days and we are going to dinner here again before we leave! Trust me it's worth the wait for a table! Enjoy!
The food here is decent. Service is okay but you can't expect good service in Chinatown. I was deciding on 3 or 4 stars, but I went with 4 for They have my favorite vegetables combined together, which is heaven for me. (Straw mushroom and watercress sautéed together) OMG heaven in my mouth. I could eat these two veggies every day! My fiancé specially liked their scallion pancake, it has the right amount of crispness, and you'll need to dip with some soy sauce or the sauce they give u because not much flavor to it. I wouldn't recommend the fried dumping though, the outer layer was really dry and the juice inside tasted a bit weird. Their lo Mein has really thick noodles and very salty; had to drink water every each bite and on my third. I gave up because I was getting full from the water. I want to try their juicy steam dumpling next since people are crazy about it here.
I only come for the soup dumplings because they are well worth the hour wait (note: the wait times seem to really vary; I've come for lunch on Saturdays when they're so packed the wait is an hour and Saturdays when the restaurant is nearly empty). I always get a few orders of the pork and of the pork/crab; both are delicious. Each little ball is filled with steaming hot soup and meat flavoured to perfection. One of the few NYC places that allows you to leave extremely satisfied without breaking the bank.
Excellent sesame chicken and fried dumplings. The staff was friendly and attentive. The seating area was ample and clean, nicer than the smaller joints in Chinatown. They only accept cash or Amex. Prices are a bargain for the taste and service.
My favorite go to for soup dumpling. I prefer this place versus the other generic famously known for their soup dumpling. Reason is that the food tastes cleaner and I don't leave feeling gross. Tip: Bring cash or AMEX. They accept one or the other.
Only place I go for Shanghainese in Chinatown due to its overall good quality food (XLB included). Service is adequate, price is reasonable. Definitely a spot worth revisiting
We were deciding between this place and Joe's. Joe's was definitely more popular and the waits to get into each restaurant were about the same. We were there around 530PM and they told us 20 minutes at both places. I thought the reviews were more consistent and Shanghai Manor and so we ended up going there. The spicy wontons and soup dumplings were tasty as was the secret noodle item that we ordered. I'd definitely go back on my next visit. Much cheaper than the soup dumplings in LA (Din Tai Fung) and just as tasty!
The "in" Shanghai place to go used to be Shanghai Cafe but working in the neighborhood, I've noticed in the last year a drastic shift in popularity!  Shanghai Asian Manor is in the heart of Chinatown and is probably my favorite Shanghai restaurant. It's not very expensive, though portions also aren't that big. Their drunken chicken and jellyfish appetizers are spot on - a strong marinated flavor of wine.  Their soup dumplings are a good size with a great amount of soup inside - not too greasy, and the skin not too thin. The wait here however, can be really long. I say get here before 6 or come after 10 p.m.  Cash only but don't be afraid to splurge! You'll be hugging your stomach on your way out and it will be thanking you for that warm, juicy soup you decided to order on a cold night!
Amazing soup dumplings and scallion pancake here. I would say it's about as good as Joe's, but I have to deduct a star for the terrible service - were were ignored for a good 20 minutes after being seated. Anyway, the food is awesome!
Soup dumplings are so freaking good. Try them immediately. Chinatown prices too. Other dishes were okay, but I don't come here for them.
We have been coming to shanghai Asia manor for years and we usually order the same dishes which are soup dumplings, egg fried rice and scallion pancake.  They never disappoint and everything is always fresh. When we have family or anyone that does not live in New York we always bring them here and order same dishes as usual since its a safe bet and have been a hit.All in all great food and great service.
Very touristy. Not a lot of space to maneuver through the restaurant. Somewhat attentive staff, pretty knowledgeable about the menu. You can't really notice the entrance until you get closer due to the close proximity of neighboring restaurants (Hop Kee). Luckily there was one vacant table left when my group got there around (9PM Tuesday). The menu had standard Chinatown prices for a delicious cheap meal!First, i would like to applaud them for having nice menus, versus other Asian restaurants with dirty, almost ripped, oiled stained menus. Yay! We were shocked when we saw that the Soup Dumplings came in sets of 6 rather than 8. But we really came for other food, not just dumplings. I was craving rice cakes and instead of having my usual, Shanghai style rice cakes, I had the shredded pork and preserved vegetable rice cakes. The dish was alright, but not the best. The pork and cabbage had flavor, but the rice cakes were lacking flavor. The soup dumplings were BOMB.COM. What had my eyes wide open was that the soup was so clear and fresh. It wasn't heavy and oily like Joe's Shanghai and the best part was that the dumplings did not pop when lifted from the cabbage! They also have the black truffle soup dumplings that I'm very skeptical in trying. It's advertised on a separate menu, $12 for 6. The pan fried noodles are deep fried thick noodles with your choice of protein. I personally like it when the noodles are eaten crunchy with a slab of sauce, so it's good to share this among a large group (3/4 people). Otherwise, if you let it sit, then the noodles won't be crunchy anymore and will be normal aka. basic noodles in sauce. I saw that another table had a bottle of wine, so maybe it's BYOB, but not sure if there are hidden costs to that. Anyways, I would say if Joe's has a long line, come here but I doubt there won't be a line here either. Cheers!
This place had a great vide. Good music and fast service. The food was a little greasy but that could be because of the type of food. I got The salt-and-pepper squid.
Extremely good dumplings. The other food is really good also, but the dumplings are incredible. Did I say the dumplings are great?
Mad good dumps. Mushrooms and watercress so good make a grown man cry. Occasionally lon waits but worth it for even just one of those delicious morsels.
I had tried the truffle dumplings for Chinese new Year and loved them!  I'm writing this review, based solely on my experience from this past weekend.  My four friends trekked to Chinatown to have the soup dumplings.  We had the truffle dumplings as well as the standard pork/cabbage soup dumplings.  We also ordered the rice cakes with pork.  I want to make note that we were extremely ill after eating here.  The four of us shared similar symptoms of food poisoning.  I can't pinpoint which item made us sick, but it was most certainly from this restaurant.I'm honestly never setting foot in this restaurant ever again.  I hope this review will ensure no one else gets sick.
Waited 45 minutes to eat here and it was worth it the scallion pancakes and steamed pork buns were delicious. Will definitely be back and worth the wait.
Very solid. Came here with family and everyone left satisfied. The Hot and Sour Soup is the best soup on the menu, all the noodles we ate were amazing. Definitely worth coming.
Sweet and spicy pork - awesome - they use good quality meat and the sauce is plentiful and delicious. Scallion pancakes - the best (perfect amount of crunchiness)Wonton soup - goodBok Choy - Yummmmm, real baby bok choy sauteed to perfection. Mini crab and pork dumplings - not bad, but joe shanghai's recipe is definitely better. The service is pretty good too. You get a nice hot cup of tea just as you sit down. Make sure you beat the lunch rush. We came at noon and had to wait 25 minutes for a table. But busy is a good sign. Means the food is good!
The wait was long but it was very well worth it. Service was fast once we were seated. My favorite dish was wine chicken and the soup dumplings!!! I love those soup dumplings!!! So different ...I don't think we have that anywhere in Houston!!! It's unique, fresh, and tasty! Will return once I'm back in NY!
Consistently excellent, best soup dumplings I've ever had, thin skinned and tasty. I've tried soup dumplings at a bunch of places and this place tops em all. Great fried tiny pork buns, mock duck, and u should order the shanghai noodle dish they have in a big picture on their wall.
Went here with my boyfriend for my birthday weekend.  Enjoyed it immensely.  Happy to be here with him.
This is a must go when in Chinatown! Authentic and reasonably priced. My favorite was the dumpling soup. Everything on the menu was fantastic.
The food was oily and not tasty. I didn't know it would be American Chinese take-out food. The scallion pancake was super fried and barely had scallions or taste like dough. The soup dumplings were the only good dish. The chicken Shanghai lo mein was not good. The pepper steak was not pepper steak. It had a lot of vegetables and sauce. One has to eat it with rice to deal with the oil.
This is a casual eat-in restaurant in the heart of Chinatown. I stopped in for a quick bite while touring the city. Service was fast and friendly. I had the Szechuan Soup Dumplings and some simple Shrimp Fried Rice. Both dishes were great and exceeded my expectations. I recommend it.
My friends and I ordered two stacks of Xiao Long Bao, Lo Mien with Beef, and Braised Noodles with Beef.Xiao Long Bao - Average tasting and minimal flavor. Not something to be excited for. There were two instances where I tried lifting the Bao and the skin peeled and the soup leaked. A third Bao was already punctured.Lo Mien with Beef - Unbelievably salty. I'm a fan of salty food but the noodles are way too salty. The beef was decently flavored but also added to the saltiness.Braised Noodles with Beef - I expected the broth to be flavorful but it tasted like water. The noodles were flimsy and had no texture. The beef was not appealing, as they were blanched and tasteless as well. I looked for red vinegar but there was none on my table.Overall, I was not satisfied with this meal. I'd rather go to Shanghai Heping 2 blocks down the street, where food tastes better and cost less.
Great tiny buns with pork, shrimp dumplings, fried tiny buns, steamed snow pea leaves dumplings, and steamed vegetable dumplings.  These menu line item descriptions lose something in the translation but are what you need to order if you don't speak/read Mandarin/Cantonese.  Awesome lunch.
Soup Dumplings are so good here! What makes Soup Dumplings yummy to me is the hot, steamy soup, the minced pork and shrimp meat, and the dumpling skin! This place got high marks in my book. I love the flavorful soup, it does taste a lot less oily than the other more famous soup dumpling restaurants. It's a good thing! The dumpling skin was soft and very thin-layered. Whoever made the dumplings is talented. For a dumpling with very thin-layed skin, it holds a lot of weight without breaking! The soup dumplings itself is a lot tinier than Joe's but still photogenic!Another favorite dish of mine here, is the Rice Cake with Preserved Veggie and Pork. I love that salty taste of the preserved veggies. The rice cakes absorbed the preserved veggie and pork flavoring very well! I see that they have various Cantonese-style dishes here such as the popular, Shrimp Walnut with Mayo (the walnuts are so sweet and addicting, by the way!). They also offer Thai Iced Tea and HK Style Milk Tea. Overall, this is my to-go spot to satisfy my soup dumplings craving whenever I'm in Chinatown!
Soup dumplings are amazing. Black bean sauce 炸酱面 was great. If you finish your noodles and still have the sauce left put it on your rice. How korean of me. The double cooked pork is amazing too. Honestly everything there is great. So much better than Joes. Believe me i grew up here. Service was amazing
Great menu and great food.  This is a neat, clean little place.  The choices wee great and the food did not disappoint.  The only drawback was the wait.  It is a small and popular place so be place so be prepared to wait for a table.
I discovered this restaurant a couple years ago because the wait at Joe's Shanghai was ridiculously long. Since then, this is my go-to place in Chinatown to get my soup-dumpling fix. The ambience is typical of other Asian restaurants in the area. CRAB & PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS -- Juicy dumplings that are 6pcs per order. The skin of the dumpling is perfectly made, thin and able to hold together the succulent pork meat/broth. However, my only complaint is that the crab flavor is quite nonexistent in the dumplings. Be careful when eating it because it usually comes out piping hot. SZECHUEN STYLE WONTONS -- Generous portions in the fillings. The wontons are drizzled with a spicy aromatic sauce which goes well with the meat.SCALLION PANCAKE -- I was disappointed with this appetizer. My ideal scallion pancake should have a flaky, light, and crisp texture to it. However, this dish tasted burnt and was too crunchy in my opinion. SHANGHAI STYLE LOMEIN -- I love their plump noodles and it's delicious sauce. The noodles are mixed with chicken, pork, shrimp, and veggies. SHREDDED PORK & PRESERVED VEG. RICE CAKE -- This had a soft and chewy texture to it. Definitely on the bland side, no flavor whatsoever.SAUTÉED WATERCRESS w/ ENOKI MUSHROOMS -- This was delicious and oh so good for you! Overall, the prices are reasonable, food is good and so is the wait time compared to Joe's Shanghai. I will definitely be returning in the near future!
This place has gone down hill since I have been coming. At first, it was a great value and service and the food were great. However, I've realized prices are pretty steep like $16 for sweet and sour chicken and price comes close to $30 for two people for two entrees. This place also has a B as a health rating which is not good. I ordered take out and they forgot my soup that I paid for and they did not refund me (they just told me to come back next time to get a refund or walk all the way back there for a cash refund). Not planning to come back as much
Went here based on Yelp reviews. Service was great. Ordered spicy wontons, pork dumplings, chicken and broccoli, egg fried rice and rice dumplings in seafood soup. All were delicious and we took the leftovers home! Be advised they only accept Amex or cash.
Really great prices at really amazing portions. My friend from LA (who is first generation Chinese) even said that its close to what his dad makes at home. Our check came out to be $45. We had 3 entrees and 1 order of the truffle soup dumplings. I was a little disappointed with the truffles soup dumplings because they were not as juicy/soupy as usual. I've had just regular soup dumplings here before and they are juicer for some reason. Service was quick and super attentive. The complimentary hot tea was also a nice touch on a cold rainy fall day. They also take credit cards - a rarity in Chinatown
One of the best if not my most favorite place for 小籠包 (soup dumplings). Their prices for the soup dumplings are on par with other restaurants around the area but I always preferred the taste here than say Joe's Shanghai. Especially the crab version I thought was really good and we almost always order at least one or two orders when visiting this restaurant.I've been coming here at least few times an year now usually whenever visiting Chinatown. It's definitely getting more recognition and crowded during dinner hours but if you come for a early or late dinner usually there's no wait.Other than the XBL some of my favourites are the Drunken Chicken, Vegetarian Chicken (which is just mushroom in tofu skins), scallion pancakes and also the beef noodle soup. I think this is a really authentic Shanghainese restaurant with really great appetizer and cold dish choices. Unfortunately I still haven't really try much of their main dish yet since I always come for just the first few pages of the menu so this rating might change if their entree doesn't really do justice.But definitely 5 stars for their popular items and I really think you'll enjoy this place as well as the prices is pretty fair and definitely in my opinion one of the best restaurants I've had in Chinatown.
Of all the soup dumpling places in New York, this has got to be my favorite (even including the famous Joe's). The dough skin here is thinner than at other places, which I think lends to better flavoring, texture and overall taste. Both the pork and crab ones here are good. Something else you have to try is their Szechuan wontons!! Highly recommend this place.
This place is so awesome! The wanton and steamed soup dumplings are heavenly delicious. I highly recommend. The soup inside the dumplings is so yum. Need to be careful when you eat because it may splash on your cloth lol Service is quick and good! Sitting is cozy and clean. I would definitely come back to try different Shanghai style dim sums!
I ordered delivery. The restaurant realized that I was vegetarian from my order and that one of my items had pork in it. They called me, suggested a substitution and an extra drink to make up the price difference. I ordered at 1:11 and it arrived at 1:51. The food is excellent and in pretty generous portions for the price.
I love this place! My favorite is fried tiny buns with pork. I don't know any other restaurant that makes it. Also the price is not bad.
Shanghai Asian Manor is one of those restaurants that I take my friends and family to for some good Chinese eats. I prefer the soup dumplings here over Joe's Shanghai.The Shanghai rice cakes are also a must. I've enjoyed the kung pao chicken, salt and pepper fried tofu, beef noodle soup, and hot and sour soup.I just keep coming back. Worth the wait!
The meal on a Thursday evening was delightful. We ordered the soup dumplings, pan-fried shanghai noodles, and sesame chicken over rice. The soup dumplings were A+. They come out steaming hot and had very flavorful juices. The shanghai noodles were tasty, though we accidentally ordered this dish, we did enjoy it. Lastly, the sesame chicken was basic but it was still very good. It doesn't seem that you can go too wrong with your food selections here.
Great food, great service, the scallion pancakes are killer! If you arrive during brunch hours prepare for at least a 40 min wait but they do really well with table turnaround (food comes out super fast).
Place is Okkkk but crowded since it's on Mott and it attracts a lot of tourists. They also have sesame chicken on the menu, so -1 star for appealing to the tourists. But my biggest complaint was that our soup dumplings broke apart as soon as we lifted them off the steamer. Nope, -1 star.  There are other very similar restaurants on Bayard or Elizabeth with nearly the exact same menu, possibly cheaper, and less crowded.
Love this place! Get there early if you don't want to wait for a table. All the dumplings are great. Lo mein and chicken dishes have been pretty good too but the dumplings are what brings me back! I also love that they serve complimentary hot green.
Soup dumplings are always delicious. This place was yummy but there are definitely better options in the area
Dumplings were outstanding.  We had general tso's chicken and tangerine beef which were both quite similar--our fault in ordering.  In seeing what other people were ordering, the dumplings looked fantastic so I expect s great place for dim sum.  And noodle dishes looked great.  Note that they only take American Express and cash.
I dropped in here for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised at how good the soup dumplings were. As I bit into it, I could see there was a good chunk of crab meat and I want to also mention that the top was also decorated with what I assume to be crab meat. They gave two soy sauces one with ginger and the other without. I want to also add that the broth wasn't overly hot where it's going to burn your tongue like some other places in the area, it was just right. The service was attentive and friendly. The soup dumplings were served pretty quickly even though it was lunch hour. I thought the price was a tad bit more expensive or comparable to other places around the area, it certainly wasn't the cheapest. The next thing I had was the shrimp dumplings, it was four pieces for 4.50. I thought this was a great deal. It had huge chunks of shrimp inside the dumplings mixed with what I believe to be ginger. This was ordered midway through the meal but was still served quickly enough that I was able to have a quick lunch here. I will definitely be back.
The customer service was great and fast.I came to try the soup dumplings, I found them too sweet for me.The fried pork dumplings were delicious.
This is a great spot to go to if Joes Shanghai on Pell Street is packed but I think this is the best in Manhattan for soup dumplings. You have to get the pork and crab combo, the regular XLB soup dumplings are legit! I would suggest trying the black truffle soup dumplings for something different, and also getting the scallion pancake, it's become quite a spot for tourists. Check it out!
Came here for a family lunch on a Saturday. There were 7 of us total, the wait wasn't too bad considering they were packed with a long line going out the door. The service is quick and the food is delicious!! Must order the soup dumplings here. Make sure to order that first since it takes a little bit of time to make and steam. The ribs were delicious as well, literally falling off the bone. Everything we ordered was on par, can't go wrong eating here. They also take credit card, unlike a lot of other Chinatown establishments.
Pretty good Chinese Tapas / dinner place. pan-fried pork bums - delicious pulled duck - special, tender, and very flavorful I like this place because surprisingly, it is hard to find a good Shanghai cuisine place (even in chinatown) where they offer Pan-fried pork bums - let alone a very good one! They have a good variety of appetizers which includes many authentic dishes. highly recommend their pulled duck - it is different from duck confit, or crispy duck. It is definitely interesting to try the texture and flavor - an authentic cooking style from Shanghai. Serving is quick. Not a dating spot but great place to eat with friends, or just want to have some good food.
One of my favorite shanghai restaurants in NY. The service is good, the servers automatically comes over to refill your cup of water/tea. Quality of food is also excellent.
Very good!  Enjoyed the pork soup dumplings and OMG the scallion pancakes, shredded pork with garlic sauce!  Lots of choices, yummy!
We ordered takeout from here because we didn't want to spend 45 min in line. From what we saw, the place was buzzing and packed. We ordered dumplings, some greens, and a soup noodle dish. Everything was fresh and the dumplings were tasty and steaming hot. The Shanghai noodles in broth were a bit bland, hence the 4 stars. We would order from there again, and maybe try it out on a less busy night.
Overall rating: This place was pretty good. My boyfriend and I went for dinner and were pretty satisfied. If you're deciding between Joe's and this place, I would definitely choose Joe's. Sorry I didn't take pictures!Food: This place is probably best known for its soup dumplings. In my opinion, the dumplings were good, but not as good as Joe's Shanghai. Joe's dumplings have a slightly thicker skin, more soup, and the meat is held better together. These dumplings' meat was loose and didn't have a nice "bitey feel" to it (which you might understand if you're Asian). The fried potstickers were good too. Personally, I prefer the skin to be slightly thicker, because it's chewier, but my boyfriend liked these more than the ones we had at Joe's. The walnut shrimp and young zhou chow fan were pretty good. The shrimp were large and had a nice, juicy bite and the white sauce wasn't too creamy or thin. The fried rice was great and not too salty. They are two of my most favorite dishes and I was not disappointed. Cost: In total, my boyfriend and I ordered the crab & pork soup dumplings, the pork dumplings, fried potstickers, walnut shrimp, and young zhou chow fan and the total came up to be a little under $50 without tip.We were uncomfortably full and had some leftovers. I hope that can give you an estimate of how much a meal would cost. It would have probably fed 4 normal people comfortably. Atmosphere/Appearance: The restaurant was clean and had nice casual feel to it. Most of the "parties" there were small groups of only a few individuals. The place is small, but was full. The noise was average given that the space was small and packed. The wait wasn't too bad, at 8 pm on a Tuesday night, we had to wait about 20 minutes.Service: The service was fine, it was pretty busy, but we got our food pretty quickly. We were also given tea as soon as we sat down. Being able to speak Cantonese (or in the very least Mandarin) does help to better communicate with the staff.
Shanghai Asian Manor is like having Chinese fast food served on ceramic plates and kicked up one notch to please the American palette! Came here last night and I can't say I was too impressed with the food. We ordered a slew of dishes and although their food was fairly decent, it didn't meet expectation with authenticity. If anything, it tasted more like American-Chinese food then real Chinese food.  Let's just say, it's like going to a Tex-Mex restaurant and having them claim that they make autentic Mexican cuisine when we all know they do not. The decor is very old school and for that reason, I actually like it. It reminds me a lot of the 80's chinatown while growing up so it felt nostalgic. Overall, this place is not bad but it's not amazing either. It's a good spot to stop by for a decent meal at a higher cost because their menu price does seem to be a bit higher then the rest of the restaurants that I've attended in Chinatown. Each of their dish average about $11-$17.
Simple, fast service, delicious soup dumplings! Friend and I ordered the pork soup dumplings, Szechuan wontons, and spicy shredded beef with peppers (tip: order a side of rice for each person). Enough to fill both of us and the bill only came out to $30! Didn't even mind the B rating on the door.
A manor for all things Chinese and a mansion for dumplings. The soup dumplings, XLB, were good but not mind blowing. Many items are served on a boat before sailing into your mouth. The scallion pancakes are crispy thick whilst the pan fried dumplings had a nice crunch with a juicy center. Like most Chinatown places, prices are dirt cheap and you can eat heartily like an owner of a large estate without breaking the bank. I find that the service here is better than other comparable places.
My go-to spot for fine Shanghainese cuisine in town. (That said, get their Shanghainese food only. I tried their Szachuan dishes and they were interesting...) Their soup dumplings are my personal favorite in Chinatown, better than Joe's Shanghai's.
OMG, this place is definitely where you should go for 小笼包！the best in the states beside 鼎泰丰。you have to try their special 黑松露小笼包，beyond amazing! Can't say more about it!
After trekking around Mott street for an hour with an indecisive bunch and with Hop Lee packed to the brim, across the street, we ended up here. I had been to Shanghai Asian Manor once before around the time it first opened and remember being more impressed with the decor, for a Shanghainese joint, rather than being wowed by the cuisine. This time around we ordered:Crab and Pork XLBs - oddly enough tasted zero crab so either they're very light handed with the crab here or we mistakenly received the pork only XLB's. 2.5/5Shengjian Bao (Pan fried pork buns) - nicely seasoned filling and good pork filling to bun ratio. 4/5Baby shrimp and squid with brown sauce - the brown sauce was unreasonably sweet making this dish a waste of perfectly good seafood. 2/5Braised lion's head w/ vegetables - exactly the same brown sauce as the shrimp/squid dish. If you're a fan of sweet meatballs then order this. In general, if you want something savory I would recommend steering clear of their dishes with brown sauce. 2/5Shanghai style rice cakes (with beef and shrimp) - compared to the other entrees, a decent rendition. Not super oily like other Shanghainese spots but slightly heavy handed on the soy sauce. 3.5/5Pork chop over rice - the chop was nicely breaded and had just the right amount of msg so that it was perfectly flavored without being too salty. Also, a great way of getting around having to pay for rice as the dishes over rice come with the equivalent of 2 bowls of rice on a plate. Score! 4/5A very average place that's a dime a dozen in ctown. I think I'll stick with Shanghai Cafe if I'm craving XLB's or rice cakes.
Pros:* Soup dumplings here are better than those at Shanghai Heping and Shanghai Cafe...the skin is super thin while the meat is so tender and packed with tons of flavor. I prefer crab over pork, as the soft texture and sumptuous flavors of crab works better than pork in a soup dumpling form.* Our favorite dish at Shanghai Asian Manor was the Shredded Pork with Bamboo Shoots. It was so addictingly flavorful and ingredients worked perfectly together with the sauce over white rice. * Also recommend the famous dishes: Watercress Sautéed Wotj Enoki Mushrooms and Shanghai Lo Mein With Mixed Meat And Shrimp. Both dishes are very saucy, so the veggies are excellent to eat with rice and/or the Lo Mein. The watercress with mushrooms is a large dish that can be shared with at least 2 people. Lo Mein is made with thick noodles and a generous portion of vegetables, tender pieces of pork, and small shrimp. * Good serviceCons:* Long wait for Chinatown- for Saturday lunch waited about 20 min Definitely returning for more soup dumplings!
Delicious food, nice air conditioning and service. The black truffle soup dumplings were amazing. Sweet and sour chicken was on point and the beef and shrimp lo mein was also good. The place is clean and well decorated. Will come back again!
I don't usually order delivery! Since my grandparents and my mom are in the town and they came from Shanghai, I decided to order some shanghainese food for them. Food from this place was surprisingly good! The delivery was fast and food was very traditional! Definitely will dine in the restaurant! Happy Friday!
This is just completely personal to the creepy delivery guy. WTF DELIVERY GUY: you don't give me shit face when you delivered an order of two dish in 65 minutes, while my address is only 15 minutes walk away. I gave him only 1.8 dollars for tips which I think is generous enough after the long wait. Guess what, he even came back again after he left to say some shit to me????? WTF? Hate to say this, the food is great, but don't order delivery from them. The Chinese guy will creep you out.
My boyfriend and I came here after we saw the line at Joe's Shanghai. We arrived around 6pm and were promptly seated. Food came pretty quickly. We ordered:Steamed tiny buns with pork: They were indeed tiny and but filled with hot hot soup (be careful not to burn yourself like I did). This is what they're known for, so you can't really come here without trying this dish. My boyfriend LOVED the flavour and soup. They're more like dumplings than buns though. Fried tiny buns with pork: Supposedly the fried version of the above. But these are actual buns rather than dumplings. One bite and I was OBSESSED with these. Until now, I was confident that boyfriend's mother made the best dumplings. But sadly, these trump all and I will never be able to eat them again til I come back to New York. (Crying tears while I type this.) The bun was slightly crunchy on the bottom but soft on the top and inside with the perfect amount of flavour. The pork was flavourful and tender.Beef with broccoli: Typical beef with broccoli. Beef was tender. Generally a bit too saucy for me but what restaurant Chinese food isn't?Shanghai Lo Mien with chicken: Also a bit too saucy but like I said, what restaurant Chinese food isn't? In general: I'm coming back here every time I visit NYC. Loved the dumplings and the rest of the food isn't perfect but it's decent and will fill you up without making you feel sick from grease and sodium overload.
Awesome soup dumplings and BYOB! We had a great NYE here. Having lived in Shanghai, I can confirm the food is pretty authentic. We had the 1/2 duck, string beans, and lots of xiao long bao. Just wish somewhere in the city would make egg XLB like I used to get in China! Will definitely be back.
Pretty solid Chinese Food.  We wandering in here after a long slog through Chinatown.  Started out with the Steamed Pork Dumplings.  Excellent, not as good as Prosperity of course, but excellent.  I went for the Squid with Salt & Pepper next.  It was good but not how it was advertised.  It was neither peppery nor salty and certainly not Hot & Spicy.  It was good though, just not what I was expecting.  My wife's Shanghai Lo Mein was excellent.  Noddles were thick, dish was delicious overall.  Service is okay.  The place is usually mobbed so the waiters are constantly moving around quickly.  One complaint, and I do not like this, the busboy was trying to take away our food, when we were clearly not finished.  Tea was never refilled nor was there a pot on the table.  Overall it was a good experience, we may go back but first we have to try Hop Kee downstairs.
The pork and crab soup dumplings are the reason to visit (although I couldn't taste much crab). They come piping hot, seven or eight to an order, and are delicate and tasty. Don't screw up and break the dumpling, letting the soup leak out before it hits your mouth. Also, don't burn your mouth, it can happen. I also tried the Shanghai pan fried noodles and was underwhelmed by the meh noodles, mysterious brown sauce, and the protein (a mix of chicken, beef, and shrimp).Service for a busy weekday lunch was fast and thorough. Decor is simple and typical of Chinatown. Worth a visit, not sure about a return.
This is my favorite lunch location. They have so many options, are very affordable (during lunch time), and the food tastes great. They would have received 5 stars except that the restaurant is always very crowded during lunch time, usually filled with tourists looking for an affordable meal in NYC, so very long wait time for a table if you're planning to stay (I usually opt for take out). But their services is great, the staff are pleasant, and although I've said it before, the food is delicious!!!
We came here from a friend's recommendation and it did not disappoint.There was a slight wait when we came Sunday afternoon for lunch. There isn't much standing room so people who waited were told to wait outside. We ordered several things from the menu to share. We ordered soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, Shanghai-styled Pan-fried Noodles, Yong Chow Fried Rice, Shanghai Lion's head (meatballs in cabbage), and Tofu with Vegetables...We also had Red Bean Sweet Pancakes at the end. I really loved them and could have ordered a second serving.I thought the soup dumplings were well made. I particularly liked the pan-fried noodles. I thought the lion's head was lacking in flavor and I would order something else next time. Overall, all the food was flavorful and generously portioned. Service was friendly and prompt.
Ehh... It was alright. I was pretty amazed that they had truffle xiao long bao, but i didnt get it... Too lazy to pay $12 for six. We got a broccoli with sauce... But we thought we were going to order the CHINESE broccoli.... Oh well... Two very different kinds of veggies. I think there are better places to go. Well, actually I really liked the fried steam buns.
I think the food is more hyped that it actually is. The soup dumplings were really good however ever thing else was like a normal Chinese restaurant. The waiter could tell we were new to this kind of restaurant and he was very, very helpful and super nice. He was super patient, great customer service and mediocre food but I would probably go again.
It was either here or Joe's Shanghai. The latter was full so we opted here. We had a group for 7 and asked how long. They said "a long time" so we decided to get it to go but then only about 10ish mins later there was a table available for a large group so that was a bummer. The service was quick and we were out of there in about 15 mins. Food was pretty average and service was okay. We had dumplings, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken and fried rice. It was okay. I'd give it another try.
I don't know why this place have a 4 stats rating, but speaking of my own experience, (I've been there 3 times), I was not once satisfied. We order the classic soup dumplings, red bean pancake, lo mein, sweet sour pork chop, and pork chop soup noodles. None of these items above (names might be wrong) live up to its hype. The soup dumpling was a disappointment per usual, I've never seen any good shanghainese soup dumpling place in New York. If you want to have a casual meal, this is a good place to enjoy some Chinese food, not authentic that's all. But if you have high expectations of their soup dumplings, and you have tried really good and authentic soup dumpling somewhere else before, please save the money.
Really awesome time there! The soup dumplings were delicious. I didn't enjoy the sauce that came with it so I just used soy sauce and that made the experience personally better for me. Also tried low mein noodles with chicken and that was delicious! The service was kinda all over the place they forgot one of our items but it was okay because we were already full from the food we ate. It was a great time with good food!!
Delicious though wish rice came with dishes. Service was efficient and pleasant. Hot, fresh and will return on next trip to NYC.
Very great dim sum place. I took my relatives from the Philippines here for lunch, who came to visit NYC. They wanted to eat in China Town and I found this gem on Yelp due to its stellar reviews. The food is amazing and the cost is affordable; definitely deserving of a good review!
The service was good and I wish they would have more dim sum items to choose from.We got all the steam dumplings, loi mein noodles & cold chicken. It was all delicious :)
Great place to satisfy my Chinese stomach:)The restaurant isn't big so it's better to go early to wait for your table since they don't take reservation.  Highly recommend their soup dumplings! We also had sour hot soup with crispy duck and pepper beef. They are all delicious , services was warm and fast.
I always thought that this place was just a tourist trap, until my dining companion suggested this place. I wish I got to known this place sooner. Shanghai Asian Manor is one of the more pleasant dining options in Chinatown. From well mannered waitstaff, (relatively) updated decor and seating to quality of their dishes. They even take credit cards. *cue gasp*I can't speak for their soup dumplings or staple shanghainess items, but if you are looking for decently executed Chinese dishes, this place could do: Food is better than average and it is not quantity over quality.Try:-Cold plates/appetizers. The smoked fish is too salty for me but their "vegetarian mock duck" is nice (for me it is funnily named, because the mock duck that I'm aware of were the gluten based chunks. Shanghai Asian Manor's version of mock duck are vegan bean-curd rolls with mushroom inside). Pickled cucumbers are refreshing (it is not really "pickled" in the western sense-- more like fresh cucumbers tossed with soy sauce and vinegar). Braised beef cold cuts.-Veggie stir-fry dishes: Sauteed fried string beans seems to be a favorite with everyone. Peashots w/ garlic. -Bamboo strips sauteed with pork. This stuff induces appetite for me, pair it with rice and you shall find joy.-Meat sauce noodles (Cha Chang Mien): Decent. Better sauce/ingredient ratio than most places. The cubed dry tofu and the nice presence of peanuts gets a thumbs up.Avoid:-Lion head. Why is the sauce so sweet?-Scallion pancake. Disappointing scallion pancakes seems like a common thing in NYC eateries. Unrefined, stingy on scallions and over-fried. If you know a good one, PM me please.Note: Black Truffle soup dumping? I would like to bet that at that price point, you are not getting real truffle oil. (I'm actually not against artificial flavoring... I'm just not a fan of devious marketing) Overall, food is not too oily and their palate seems to be on the sweeter side. You can have a satisfying meal at Shanghai Asian Manor without the typical Chinatown rough hustle.
This place is really good! Their specialty is soup dumplings. My boyfriend, his family and I went there on Sunday, we waited for 20 mins approximately for the table, and it was worth it, because the food it's really good.After sitting we got this hot tea, it was very good, love the fragrance and the taste, a bit bitter, but just enough to enjoy it.After that, each of us ordered something different and share it, that way we can get to try a bit of everything. So the Order was: Szechuan wontons, scallion noodles (these two aren't in the menu), beef with broccoli, fried rice and of course soup dumplings (2 pork and 1 crab).Everything was delicious!! Very good!! But my favorite was the Szechuan wontons, they were phenomenal!! Almost magical LOL, sorry but those wontons are really good. I must say they are a bit spicy, so if you don't like spicy don't go for this kind of wonton. (We had 2 orders of this, they are amazing, I'm telling you) I would like to say the beef with broccoli was very surprising, it wasn't the same way as we are use to eat in a regular Chinese restaurant, this beef with broccoli was really good, highly recommend it.If you're in China Town this is a must-go restaurant!!! No regrets!!
Great food and much less wait than other Xiao Long Bao restaurants like Joe's Shanghai. Overall a great substitute for other more popular Shanghainese restaurants.We came here during lunch on Sunday at 12PM, and there was about a 15 minute wait, so not bad.3 of us ordered - Black truffles XLB: Very flavorful with great taste of black truffles. I liked that the truffles taste was much stronger than the same dish I had at DinTaiFung in San Jose, CA. And the price was also much cheaper than in DinTaiFung. It was more pleasant to know that your black truffles XLB cost $2 ( instead of $5 like in DinTaiFung haha).- Crab & Meat XLB: Also very flavorful with good taste of crab. The size was bit smaller than Joe's Shanghai.- Scallion pancakes: My least favorite dish. Crunchy but was too oily. - Szechuan dumplings: The sauce was a bit too sweet.- House special pan-fried noodles: Great noodles. The noodles were crispy but not too oily. I liked the crispiness of the noodles. The toppings and sauce were also good.- Shrimp dumplings: was ok. regular har gow.All came out to be $57 (tips + tax) for 3 people so was a great delicious deal! Highly recommended if you can't stand the wait at Joe's Shanghai.TIPS: American Express credit cards or cash only.
This is probably my favorite shanghai spot in Chinatown.  This has been my go to spot for soup dumplings.  Especially on a cold winter day, but shanghai food is good for any day.  In addition, I always have great service all the times I've been there.  Sometime they may have a line, but it's worth the wait and the line moves fast.  My usual order is soup dumplings, vegetarian duck, kau fu, and the shanghai noodles.  The soup dumpling's skin has the right texture and it has the right amount of soup that fills up a spoon.  I have tried places that lack the soup, which is the essence of soup dumplings.  If people are interested in trying the kau fu, this would be the place.  This is the best kau fu I had from all the shanghai places I've had.  I have always left feeling satisfied after eating at this place.
This was our third choice for restaurants that we wanted to have dinner at. However, the first two had a two to three hour wait versus 30 minutes in here with a party of 6. We came on Friday night during dinner and it was so packed! The waiters were very attentive.We ordered a bunch of appetizers instead of entrees which included soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried squid, lion's head, etc. The soup dumplings were amazing! It was warm and it was full with juice. Actually, it was so good that we ordered a total of 8 soup dumpling dishes. The scallion pancakes were good as it was crunchy and it tasted better with vinegar. The squid dish was plain and didn't have much taste to it. You definitely needed the sauce for that dish. Overall, my experience was good and I would definitely come back for soup dumplings! The bill also came out a lot less than we had expected for 6 people.
Wow okay so where do I even begin I went here last night with a good ole friend of mine, first time for the both of us. Stumbled upon this specific location through Yelp of course and although this place had amazing reviews, I wanted to be the judge of that.I'll talk about the soup dumplings last cause.. holy shitOn our table we ordered the bean curd with schezhuan sauce, vegetable pan fried noodles, scallion pancakes, soup dumplings (of course) and vegetable spring rolls. The sauce that came with the bean curd completely blew my expectations because it was soooo tasty, and it paired so well with the scallion pancakes which were big, flavorful and crispy. The vegetable spring rolls were your average vegetable spring rolls but they were tasty. The vegetable pan fried noodles were okay. Moving on..THIS RESTAURANT HAS (emphasis on this next word)THE BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS. Oh MAN, the skin of the dumplings held the warm soup and delicious pieces of pork within ever so delicately so kudos to that because I cannot tell you how many times I've had soup dumplings where it just rips apart, killing the whole purpose cause the soup spills everywhere! I think the star of this particular dish was the flavor in the meat itself which was so juicy, flavorful, had good balance with the soup, hell even the temperature was on point lol. Okay overall the menu has amazing selection of food items and every dish that I saw people ordered looked and smelled so good but enough of this rambling because you need to get yourself to this location ASAP!!
I was satisfied as I normally am when eating dim sum in chinatown. However this place did not have the 4star rating that led me here.  We started off by ordered Thai iced tea. Not such a great choice. Took two sips and stopped drinking. Started off with the scallion pancake which was delicious. Dumplings were pretty good. However the pork buns were not great at all. The meat felt as if it were microwaved. Compared to my previous experience at other dim sum places I think this was the worst. I will 100% not be back here.  They only take cash or Amex and is about a 30 min wait to eat. With plenty of other options I will just choose a different one.
Did an escape the room near china town and was in the area so I googled best china town restaurant and this is what came up. My family girlfriend and eye decided to try it out and we weren't disappointed at all. Waited 30 minutes to get a table but it seemed a lot quicker. As we sat down they gave us some hot tea which was very fitting for the cold weather.  As we looked at the menu we saw so many things we wanted to get so we ordered it all. Got soup dumplings both the pork and the pork with crab, Szechuan wontons, young chow fried rice, tangerine beef, the old style fried scallion noodles and fried squid. It was all so DELICIOUS. I don't know the last time I had such amazing Chinese food.  First the old style scallion noodles isn't on the menu but it's a must try at 3.75. Our waiter even asked how we knew about it but said it's quite popular with regulars. We actually ended up getting another order of it after placing the original order because of how good it was. The tangerine beef was real tender and not heavily breaded. It's a must try. The fried rice went well with the beef and the squid had a great sauce on the side. The soup dumplings were really good and we basically inhaled those bad boys. Only downside is that they only take cash and American Express. The price of the dishes were very fair.  Come here if your in china town.
I noticed I've never physically check in here because I always order from Shanghai Asian Manor when I'm feeling lazy or feeling something Asian (and lazy :P). I've probably ordered delivery at least 5 times from here, looking back at my Seamless history. My boyfriend lives in FiDi so they deliver to us from Chinatown - thank goodness. They always save the gloomy and rainy days! I'm reviewing this based on take-out / delivery service only:-Quality - You expect hot food to be delivered in hot or warm. They definitely meet up to the expectation. Beware you may get burned from the soup containers because they are dang hot. *Thumbs up*. We always order their pork soup dumplings because they come delivered NOT soggy or all stuck together. -Portion - A LOT; especially their soup. It ranges from $4.50 - $9 (Approx.) but all soup come in a quart container. -Service - Always deliver within the promised time range on Seamless; usually within 45 mins to 1 hour the most. If you think this is too long...people, you have to think about dealing with nyc traffic, even if they are delivering by bikes - pedestrian / car traffic. A tip is to not order noodle soup for delivery / takeout because I totally understand that noodles get soggy fast especially if their soup is super hot. I recommend ordering their fried rice and beef/veggies dishes which comes with rice. Did I mention their portion is big? It's definitely a bang for your buck.
The soup dumplings are just how they should be - the skin nice and thin as well as a good chunk of meat inside. All of the other dishes are what you would expect from a typical Shanghainese restaurant, large family style portions with good flavor. The only thing that was a letdown were the scallion pancakes. Coming from a family that makes homemade scallion pancakes, I'm pretty judgmental of "chong you bing". The pancakes were super thin and over fried, so all I tasted was crunchy oil. Other than that, I would certainly come here for soup dumplings if I'm in the neighborhood.Also, bring cash unless you've got an Amex card, because that's the only credit card they accept now!
We visit New York from Maryland at least twice a year and shanghai Asian manor is always our lunch spot. Can't go wrong with the pork soup dumplings and shredded pork noodle soup! Servers are quick to take your order but be prepared to flag them down when you're ready to pay.
I gave 4 stars for the price, service, and the soup dumplings. My husband and I went there on Saturday lunch time and waited for 45 minuets which I guess that too bad. We ordered 1) hot and sour soup - nothing special 2) soup dumplings with pork - I liked it because the thin flour filled with delicious broth and good amount of pork.3) walnut shrimp- not recommend just a Mayo sauce poured on the deep fried shrimp. Overall my opinion is this place is good for soup dumplings and price is very cheap.They take only CASH or AMEX card.
EDIT: DO NOT TRY THE KAO FU IT IS VERY SUS AND IS NOT FRESH AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!  (Otherwise, this place is still one of my favorites)I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH. They have all the shanghainese food that my mom cooks and it is amazing.The nian gao (rice cake w vegetable dish) here is cooked to PERFECTION. Not a single hard nian gao and not too soft either. Nothing sticks to one another and it is absolutely great. I will order this every time because it is just THAT good.The hot and sour soup is also amazing!!!!! Not too sour like some places but definitely has that hot and sour soup kick.Xiaolongbao were also very solid and so were the fried xiaolongbao. Didn't think they were life changing, but I have no complaints. I ordered a straw mushroom dish with vegetables as well and that was another good dish. I honestly haven't tried a bad dish yet here!!Another great item to order are the triangular vegetable dumplings. They are really light but still flavourful and I believe it's a great appetizer to order.The line can get pretty long if you come after 1130AM on weekends. But this place is worth the wait 100%!!!!!!! Literally my favourite restaurant in all of Chinatown Manhattan.
Awesome spot for soup dumplings while you are stuck on jury duty. I made the mistake of ordering a side of chicken fried rice just for me as a side to my pork soup dumplings. Don't get me wrong, the fried rice was great, it was just enough fried rice to feed each juror, only I was eating it by myself. The service was great and the place was pretty nice inside. I'd definitely recommend it if you are in the area and are looking for some solid soup dumplings.
Where do I begin? First few times I've been here it was ehhh, I prefer the one by Elizabeth by the tunnel. But my friends prefer this spot so what the heck I'll give it another chance. I went back and I am actually a fan now!! These are the dishes I always order:-          The pork Soup dumplings (sooo good)-          Shanghai noodles (of course you gotta get that)-          Fresh cut Bamboo Shoots & Pork (my sis introduce to me, bomb)-          Pork belly with veggies - Cabbage, peppers, onions, hot peppers (durlicious)-          Fried salt & pepper squid (squid is good, crispy but had better sauce elsewhere...sauce is weird)
Came here on Chinese New Year since every other place was like a 3 hour wait, but glad we discovered this place!The food was so so good and authentic while also really cheap! The soup dumplings were really good! The quality of the skin and the pork and crab on the inside were really good. The lo mein dish with meat and shrimp, mapo tofu, egg fried rice, pork buns all had great authentic flavors.Between 5 people we got about 9 dishes and the bill ended up being around $60. Really can't beat that price considering the quality too!
Where do I even begin???! This place is BOMB! I don't always venture into Chinatown, but my roommate and I have been coming lately to check out all the hot spots for soup dumplings. Of course we tried Joe's Shanghai, but I am going to be completely honest, and I think Shanghai Asian Manor has the BEST soup dumplings I've had so far!! They rarely break when you pick them up and are filled with a good amount of soup.I've also tried the chicken lo mein (substituting the normal noodles with udon) - A MUST! I've also had the seaseme chicken and crispy beef as entrees, and as you'd expect, they are also amazing.I recommend this place and have taken so many visitors here - it's that good!
The owner of this place was super rude and basically started yelling us. We left immediately.  Worst experience ever!
This review is from a year ago. First, was the price. Now you can see my pictures and look at all the things we ate for less than $25. Food was really tasty and and it came out really fast. You know that the place is good when you see a lot of Chinese people eating here. Totally recommed.
On my quest to find the best xlb in town tried here as they were on a highly rated xiao long bao list for the citySkin is thin soup is hot but liquid is short on deep flavoring - that made these just ok to meFound the pork and shredded cabbage noodle soup to have great thin noodles but the broth lacked depth of flavor and felt bland until you got half way through the bowlIt was packed on a Friday lunch hour with people waiting in line so there might be some food people like here? As for me I'd suggest Shanghai Deluxe for better XLB
Awful dumplings considering how close it is to Chinatown classics like Num Wah and Golden Unicorn. And we ordered all of them: soup dumplings were the best while the shrimp was gross. I didn't have the main dishes but based on the crowd and look of them, this is a place to avoid.
Got there early so table was available let quick. Delicious tea. Dim sum excellence. Very satisfied, just wish there was more dim sum options but they are great at what they offer.
It's strange how the act of ordering can change what seemed like a firmly held belief. Like how I spend all day lusting after the xiao long bao I was going to have here only to switch at the last minute to pork buns. Perhaps I was afraid of burning my tongue or ruining yet another tie with soup stains?Either way, I can't comment on whether this place should actually ascend to the pantheon of New York places serving this Shanghaiese classic. Instead all I can say is that they make a pretty nice baozi, an order that I couldn't finish.The Manor is pitched in between the fancy banquet halls that dot Chinatown and the dives that sit in between them. Expect to pay under $20 a person, but don't expect any five dumpling for a dollar special. As is standard here there are a number of Chinese-American dishes here to trap laowai into making bad ordering decisions. Resist the urge to get sesame chicken, and also avoid things like "Wonton Szechuan Style" that make it clear that's it not just people from America who seem to thing that Sichuan food needs to be toned down to be enjoyed out of the region.Go with Shanghaiese fare, of which there's plenty on the voluminous menu. Lion's Head Meatballs, braised noodles, rice cakes, seafood and full fish. Be impulsive - order something new.
This place makes everything Delicious.  I especially like the dumpling with soup inside it. The beef soup was hot and tasty and the selection and taste is authentic. This is officially my go to place in Chinatown in NY!
Clean, fresh, tasty xiao long bao! I love this place. Their dumplings are always on point and the atmosphere is so clean, you may forget you're in Chinatown! Everyone flocks to joe Shanghai's but Shanghai manor is where it's at. The pork and the pork & crab dumplings are delicious. Don't burn yourself! Take a small bite, suck out the soupy goodness, let your dumpling cool a bit before stuffing the whole thing in your mouth!
Excellent soup dumplings, clean and not dingy like other establishments in the area, and friendly staff that speaks English. We went late on a Friday and the place was packed, so a bit of a long wait. Highly recommend the dumplings and the scallion pancakes. BONUS - if you want a real treat order this OFF-MENU item - the English name is called Old Style Scallion Lo Mein. It's a true Shanghainese dish that only locals from Shanghai know to order. Best-kept secret Lo Mein dish out there and only costs $3.75!It is a hot noodle dish with onions, scallion, sesame and some type of soy sauce. When I ordered it, the waiter was stunned that a non-Chinese person or anyone for that fact was ordering it. He was thrilled jumping up and down and said I was the 3rd person he's ever seen order it and it's DELICIOUS. This is about as pro of a pro tip you can get, and it's a gem. Enjoy!
One of the best, if not the best place for Xiao Long Bao in the 5 boroughs. Shanghai Asian Manor serves top notch quality soup dumplings without the touristy prices. The somewhat long wait on line is justified by the speedy service and quality food.Steamed Tiny Buns w. Pork ($5.95/8pcs) - aka the soup dumplings. Perfect skin consistency, not too thin, not too thick with a good amount of rich porky soup. Also excellent value when it comes to soup dumpling standards. (9/10)Fried Tiny Buns w. Pork ($5.95/8pcs) - more commonly called sheng jian bao in the Chinese community. In fact, I have a harder time calling it by its English name. This bite size bun is considered the heartier pan fried version of a soup dumpling. The ones I had on this trip didn't have much soup but still delicious and filling nevertheless. (9/10)Vegetarian Mock Duck ($6.50) - There is nothing related to duck in this chilled appetizer. It's called mock duck because the bean curd skin wrap is supposed to resemble the texture of duck skin. The filling is mostly shitake mushrooms. (8/10)
Came here on a Thursday, maybe around 7:30 ish, had roughly a 25 minute wait. There's really always a wait with this place, but if you come early or late enough, you might be able to beat the crowd.Still though the fact that you constantly have to line up and almost any hour of day makes this place a little more unattractive, even though the food will almost be worth it.The food here is pretty good, I recommend the shanghai stype sticky rice cakes, drunk chicken, the shrimp, and the xiao long bao
Don'cha wish your dumplings were hot like me? Mine?Wow.Mama loves a good soup dumpling and has eaten her fair share in her day - but goodness gracious this place makes a mean little xiao long bao! I ordered pork and crab/pork - which I think came out to about 16 dumplings total? And I ordered a scallion pancake - which I must say - I came for the dumplings but the pancake certainly stole the show. Never had I tasted a scallion pancake like this before! Past pancakes I had were very doughy and didn't have a lot of scallion in them - or were just too oily to really enjoy. The pancakes here are just thick and chewy enough without being doughy. They're hot and fresh and crispy when you get them and they come with a sweet soy sauce for dipping - heavenly!I was originally going to have dinner at Joe's but I didn't have cash - next time I'll try that place - but until then, I'd be a very happy camper if I had to eat again at Shanghai Asian Manor.The service was quick and friendly - and they accept credit card! Woo-hoo!
As promised, we came back for Saturday dinner on Lunar New Year weekend. As expected Chinatown had an extra helping of tourists. Wait for table for 2 was 25 mins. No problem. Got our "usual" scallion pancakes and soup dumplings and this time we got their Shanghai pan fried noodles. Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes did not disappoint. I usually like my pan fried noodles with egg noodles, they use the thick ones and I was apprehensive about deviating from my norm, but what the heck! If SO says it's his favorite then it must be good, and it was. Crunchy and soaks up the sauce pretty well. I learn something new everyday lol.My
We were trying to find a new place to try, and this definitely was a good choice. We were going to go Joe's Shanghai, but we found out that their Midtown location was closed indefinitely due to a roach infestation.. We weren't trying to risk food poisoning even though it was a different location. Anyway, the food was superb! It looks more of a 'hole-in-a-wall', which makes it even better. Best xiao long bao to this date! I love their szechuan wontons; they are super tasty. Definitely will be back again! Mott St. is an awesome location, too. TenRen's is down the street. :) Bubble tea is usually pretty good for dessert.
Had the truffle soup dumplings and shanghai wontons this time around. And they were so freaking good! I also noticed that you can ask any server for help and they will gladly do what you ask. I like that communal service flow.
Wine chicken was DISGUSTING. Literally steamed chicken drenched in a shit ton of rice wine with a splash of soy sauce. Way too strong for my palate. Blech! I had to wash off every bite with tea in order to make the chicken palatable, but even then, the harsh wine flavor wouldn't come off.The xiaolongbao were nothing special. Not enough ginger and garlic flavor in the filling.Watercress and golden mushroom (enoki) was okay, but the sauce was too sweet (oyster sauce).I've definitely had better Shanghainese food! Pass.
I don't have anything good to say except the fact that they met their expectation for the soup dumplings. The soup had the perfect amount of salt. That, however, would be the only reason I'd return. Service was horrible. We got seated about 20 minutes which I expected because it was packed. Once we got seated and our order taken, we must've waited 30 minutes for anything to come out. A larger group that got seated after us had a constant service, while my group of four was neglected. They ordered after us and immediately their dumplings were brought out. We finally got our dumplings and had to wait even longer for the entree. The wait was ridiculous. It seemed everyone around us was getting their dumplings and entrees 10x faster than we were.
Delicious, really really liked it. Fantastic food, great environment, absolutely delicious
I've tasted many Shanghainese establishments and overall, Shanghai Asian Manor serves up the best.- Crispy Scallion pancake is by far the best scallion pancake in NYC - must have.- Hot & Sour soup is really good.  Just make sure you ask for the Cantonese style as it includes shrimp and some crab meat.- The dumplings are beautifully prepared and worth a try if you're curious- Not many places serve the Pan fried noodles with broad noodles.  This place does it well and it's good.  - Shanghai Rice cakes - typical and not anything out of the ordinaryNote that the wait can be long, so make sure you put your name down and hop over to some tea places to get your bubble tea action going on.  (I don't drink bubble tea because I am a man and men do not drink taro/almond/green milk tea with delicious chewy tapioca pearls... they just don't.
We came here around 8pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed but we were seated right away. We started with two orders of the regular XLB and ordered the wine chicken feet (didn't try), sautéed string beans, beef noodle soup, Shanghai style stir fry rice cake to share. For 3 people, this was more than enough food. Next time I think we will skip one of the noodle dishes and opt for different type of dumplings (they all look so good!) to try instead. Everything was delicious, prices were reasonable and service was really good as well. We will definitely be back :)
Supposedly the best xlb place in NYC, as claimed by several of my friends.  First time having xlb, and it did not disappoint.  Just remember to take a small bite first and sip the soup, or else you'll burn your tongue lol.
This is pretty much your typical Chinatown restaurant. No frills, cheap food and quick service. You aren't coming here for the ambiance but it is just fine for the setting of the food. Our waiter speedily took our order of  steam dumplings, rice cake with pork and preserved cabbage and pan fried noodles with mixed delight.The dumplings were just as good as the restaurant with the long wait time further down. The rice cake slightly chewy and went well with the pork and cabbage. The pan noodles used the thicker egg noodles with the brown sauce was still crispy and plenty of toppings.While the interior isn't a picture of a manor but more of a hamlet but you certainly eat like the lord of the home here and with the money saved maybe buy that manor.
I used to think only Joe's Shanghai had good soup dumplings but this place has decent ones too. For about 8 bucks you can get 8 soup dumplings. Their other dishes were decent- fried pork shop and shanghai noodles. I would come back here if the line at Joe's Shanghai got too long.
TLDR:- Could come here for the xiao long bao alone. Very, very flavorful.- Also recommend: enoki mushrooms over watercress, dan dan noodles, and drunken chicken.
My favorite place in China Town. Dumplings are really good. It's defined worth the wait.
I would strongly recommend pork chop with noodles in soup. This is definitely their signature dish. Pork chop is a separate dish and tastes great! I would also recommend the fried tiny buns with pork. Even my grandpa who was born and growing up in Shanghai appreciated the flavor of it.I was surprised with the low price. An average of a little bit more than $10 per person for lunch is so cheap at Chinatown of NYC.
I stopped by here for dinner on a Wednesday. I was not impressed at all.. We ordered the pan fried pork dumplings, the watercress shrimp dumplings, scallion pancakes, and the eggplant with the garlic sauce which also was supposed to come with "meat".1) The pork dumplings were so damn hot that I burned my whole mouth, but they were delicious. 2) The scallion pancakes were sooooo greasy, and I deff did not taste anything but fried oily dough.3) The watercress shrimp dumplings were such a weird texture and extremely chewy, which I was not a fan of at all. I guess it just wasn't my cup of tea, but it could be someone else's.4) Lastly, the eggplant with garlic sauce was very delicious - also EXTREMELY greasy, but delicious. We asked for meat to be included in it, but I think my friend and I had a total of 5 half an inch pieces of some sort of meat which had a light color.. Maybe it was actually chicken.. Not sure.Overall I was not happy at all.. Felt very gross afterwards. And it took them 20 minutes to get us our check.
Xiao long bao, xiao long bao, xiao long bao--also known as soupy dumplings (or steamed tiny pork buns on the menu).  Thin skins, bursting with soup that gelatinizes on your plate when you spill some by accident.  I've also enjoyed their string beans (a little salty), dou miao (pea pod stems), rice cakes, noodles.  But we come every time we're in NYC because of the xiao long bao.
So good!! Get a noodle dish and the black truffle buns. Busy but worth the wait. Staff is super knowledgeable, great recommendations by our waiter.
Wait was terrible,  over an hour so we end up going to the cafe down the street to wait,  food was OK buns and noodles were good and scallion pancakes were decent. Service was OK could be better.
I went on a Saturday for lunch with my sister and mom. There was a twenty minute wait, which was fine. The food was fast and also delicious. I highly recommend the truffle xiao long bao. I also really loved the enoki mushroom and watercress dish.
This place is nice and packed!!  We waited a long time, but good thing I had my book on me...Anyways, we ordered a ton of dishes, such as their dumplings, beef noodles, etcc.  They were all pretty good and since we ordered so much, we took some to go, hehe.  The hostess was really nice and so were all the servers, actually.  So many people were huddled by the front door since it was freezing outside, but every time a server went to make their way to a table, they were super nice about saying "excuse me," etc...even though we were the ones in the way!!  Aww.
Second time here. Food so good :LWe ordered the pork stir-fried with bamboo shoots, hoisin chicken, and enoki mushrooms stir-fried with watercress, and Sichuan style wontons. All the dishes had such great flavor. A tad on the salty side but perfect for me since I like salty foods. Definitely get the enoki mushrooms and watercress. So unbelievably good. Service was a bit slow, but worth the wait. And still can't get over how clean the place is.
the place was good, the food was amazing, the staff was friendly, the quality and quantity of the food was nice.
This is my favorite Chinese spot in Chinatown. The food is very delicious and flavorful. Even my husband, who is a picky eater, loved this place. Another reason why I enjoy this restaurant is because of it's cleanliness and service. I've come across a few where the food was okay and the service was horrible. Everything on the menu is amazing and cheap! You will not be disappointed!
I had the szeschu style dumplings and Shanghai style noodles with shrimp. Good food and solid restaurant, had to wait an hour to get a seat for one though.
I dropped by one day during lunch to pick up some takeout. Ordered the pork fried rice and shrimp noodles (#138).  The noodles were very tasty but the shrimp was so minuscule i almost needed to take out my magnifying glass to find the little guys!  The pork fried rice was not the greatest by any means; the pork was dry and not tossed with the rice and vegetables, but rather just laid out on top of the rice.They didn't give me any type of sauce (soy, duck, hot) until i looked in the bag, saw there was none, and requested it.  Then they gave me only one of each.....STOP BEING SO CHEAP WITH THE SAUCE!  I just bought one container of rice, and one container of noodles, and your giving me no sauce? C'mon!What really bothered me about this place (besidesthe sauce hoarding) was being told that there is a $20 credit card minimum.  $7, $10-those are reasonable amounts, but $20 is too high and when im just a couple of dollars short of the minimum, its just bad customer experience to tell the customer to go to the ATM across the street.  How about no, im not going to the ATM-run my card, and enjoy this business because this will be the first and last time i return.
For many years, we've only gone to Pings (directly across the street), but we decided on a whim to switch it up based on the positive reviews of Shanghai. We went on a Thursday evening and were seated after a 20 minute wait. We shared the hot and sour soup, fried pork dumplings, steamed mini pork buns, sesame shrimp, beef pan fried noodles, and egg fried rice. The rice was flavorless, but everything else was wonderful. The beef had a great texture and the dumplings and pork buns were both outstanding. Service was lacking, but the place was absolutely packed, to be fair. Also, the prices were great! We will probably be coming back in the future.
Seriously? Where this high rate coming from? They market themselves for Sichuan style wonton. But they actually called Shanghai Asian Minor. Those are two completely different cruision styles. Their soup dumplings have too thick skin, no taste. Their noodle gave the same problem, no flavor. The pancake is overbooked and to greasy. I started worried I stepped into this place and full with foreigners. No offense but that usually means they adapted the favor to American Chinese or marketed for tourists. If you want authentic Chinese food or Polk soup dumpling, Do NOT come here!!
Couldn't get any better soup dumplings if I tried. Their menu is huge, but everything tastes fresh. Their dim sum (spicy wontons especially) and shanghai noodles are amazing. Their chef's specials are a bit more expensive (up to $14, which is cheap but everything else is under $10), but the ribs are mind-blowing and could easily feed 3. Let me tell you this, I FILLED  table with food, at least 7 orders, we paid $48 after tax and tip, and I had enough to eat that night and the next day.Also Chinatown restaurants aren't known to be overtly friendly, but the staff here is amazing. They're quick and won't let your cup go empty.They accidentally charged our cards wrong when we split the bill, they immediately fixed the problem, and every person working there basically came out and apologized. AMAZING PLACE!
Definitely recommend this smaller joint over Joes Shanghai. Every tourist knows about Joes. This one has locals and Chinese people, that's saying something. Entre potions are larger so if you're eating with people who aren't accustomed to family style, make order a bit less entrees. Soup dumplings are on point.
I was looking for a good place to eat in Chinatown when I found Shanghai Asian! The service was super fast and attentive! We tried a tasty Shanghai Noodle with meat and shrimp. Fresh and soft! Super refreshing the Thai Ice Tea is a good order as well.
They served us bad fish. So stinky and revolting. Sent it back but hard to muster an appetite after that. Sorry to be negative, it's just my stomach still hurts and I had to pay for it. Never feels good :(
Simply some of the best soup dumplings ever. Let them cool a little before you dive in, the soup is HOT. Two or three orders should be plenty for two people. The chicken corn soup is a nice addition too, but be warned...it's like molten lava when it gets to the table.Be prepared to wait a little for a seat. It's not a big place and is busy every time I'm there, but it's well worth the wait. This is one of those comfort spots I seek out every time I'm in town.
Fantastic new find!  Loved the crab soup dumpling (thin skin, juicy but not oily, flavorful), the spicy pork dumplings (just a little spicy and full of flavor topped with lots of sauce), the scallion pancakes (extra crispy with a sweet soy sauce), and even the veggie meatless dumplings (lots of woodear mushroom and very well done)!!! Basically, let me sum it up as everything I tried was fantastic.  The place is small, clean, there's a line so expect a wait, but I think this beats Joe's Shanghai any day.  Very reasonably priced too, will be back.
This is my new go-to Chinese spot!My boyfriend and I stumbled here while having a major Chinese food craving, and we're so glad we did! We got a bunch of appetizers - some highlights: soup dumplings, chili wontons, pan-fried wontons, scallions pancakes. We also got a chicken entree, which was just okay (nothing special). The shrimp low-mein, however, was pretty good!The only reason I took one star off is that the entree portions are pretty overpriced in comparison to its portion size. You're way better off sticking to the appetizers, which are very cheap here. Our total bill always comes out to ~$25ishGreat spot to check out after work or even on a casual day out!
Got two orders of xiao long bao along with two noodle dishes. This place is cheap and the food tastes authentic. It's not packed and dirty like other restaurants and the decor is nice.
We were recommended this place by a friend & decided to check it out. Tucked deep away in Chinatown with a small line out the door, this restaurant is small and cozy with pretty good food. We ordered the pork soup dumplings & some Shanghai style noodles ($14.53 for both) for two people & found it to be a decent amount of food. The soup dumplings were good, not amazing, but good. You have to eat them while they're hot or else the wrapper gets too hard and rips easily, letting all the hot soup escape. Luckily the broth inside the dumplings wasn't piping hot, so you could eat them right as they're set on the table. The fat noodles resembled worms, but I really like the way it was prepared and the flavor of the noodles. Overall the food was satisfying and filling, yet not too greasy as far as Chinese/Taiwanese food goes.The only thing I don't like about this place is the $20 credit card minimum! So I had to order another order of dumplings just so i could pay with my credit card :/
This place has delicious food at very affordable prices! The service is always pretty quick and the food option is just enormous! I always come here for the dim sum selection, I love all the different types of dumplings and "small eats" that they have. It is usually hard to find authentic and delicious Chinese food that isn't loaded with grease and have a more variety than the usual chicken and broccoli or sesame chicken.  The soup dumplings are a must-try! The shrimp shu mai is one of my personal favorites, they come in quantity of 6-8 depending on which dim sum dish you get. The hot and sour soup is great to share with 3 or more people and the taste is as close as it gets without flying half way across the world to Asia.The wait staff doesn't usually speak much, but they are responsive, quick and efficient. This is a great spot for an Asian brunch at very reasonable prices, I can spend about $20 including tip and I usually waddle out of their very full and content!
Soup dumplings are delicious here. That spicy wonton dish is addicting, I highly recommend you order it when you come here (you can find it on the appetizer menu). The shanghainese noodles with pork/chicken is my favorite to pair with the soup dumplings. It's probably one of my favorite places to go for soup dumplings when I'm in Chinatown. I'm usually spoiled by nan xiang dumpling house in flushing being that it is super convenient for me to get to. The restaurant itself is decently sized but I wouldn't recommend you coming here with a party of 20, unless you all want to be split up when seated.
One of my favorite places in Chinatown to go for soup dumplings (they call them "mini pork buns" on the menu). Their non-Dim Sum items are good, but not outstandingly so. It gets crowded on the weekends but service is pretty fast.
DO NOT order delivery from this place. I ordered via Yelp, got the confirmation email. An hour later, I was about to pass out and the food wasn't here, so I called the restaurant directly. The girl said oh the delivery guy already went out for delivery. OK, I kept waiting. Another hour passed and I was starving to death. I called delivery.com, told them I already contacted the restaurant, and I was positive it wouldn't take them more than an hour to deliver to us. So delivery.com called the restaurant, guess what? They NEVER made the order!! Among my millions of seamless and grubhub deliveries, not one single place has ever forgotten to make the food, while claiming (or lying?) that the food was on the way! Per the delivery.com agent, the restaurant "apologize and was willing to give me 10% off", REALLY?! So they were "willing" to offer me 10% off. What about two hours of my life wasted sitting on the couch staring at the clock and expecting the delivery guy to come any minute?! What about the physical suffering I had to go through during my near-pass-out stage? To me that's just a sign the restaurant was (1) unorganized, (2) irresponsible, and (3) don't give a damn about delivery (in which case, do not OFFER delivery if you can't handle it).
I came upon this place looking for soup dumplings. So far not so bad!Soup dumpling are great, skin in thin, broth may not be anything special but they were juicy!Scallion pancake was delicious. Very very crispy. Very nice.Overall GREAT bang for your buck. Definitely recommend!
The cold dish vegetarian duck were pretty good. Didn't like the soup dumpling cuz it didn't taste fresh and it wasn't hot enough. I had other dishes as well and find their food too oily for me.
Yummy Chinese food!! We had....shao long bao-- okay goodhot sour soup-- okaydan dan noodles- very goodbeef with bean curd- very goodpork dumplings/potstickers- goodGood price, good food, fast service-- what else can one ask for.
This is one of my favorite places to go to for Shanghai cuisine in Chinatown. There is almost always people waiting outside for a table. I love their soup dumplings, pan fried noodles, and rice cake dishes. Service is good and quick too! Their restroom is very tiny. I have no complaints about the food. The main reason I ever crave Shanghai cuisine is, of course, soup dumplings! The soup dumplings have a lot of soup and taste delicious and they are not stingy at all when you ask for more sauce.
I often get lunch here and I usually get their Xiao Long Bao, Wuxi spareribs, and Crispy duck - all soo good. Totally recommend!
I ordered take out from this place with my co-workers. When I went to pick up the takeout from the restaurant, it was very messy inside. The had customers blocking the entire entrance from the inside and the outside. The staffs didn't bother to make way for other customers to enter or exit. The seating area was a tad small. The food was bland and very oily. None of my co-workers like it either. The crab meat steamed soup dumplings did not have that crabby seafood flavor. It tasted like old pork. The skin of the soup dumplings were all broken, therefore all the soup leaked out. It was not well made and the quality was really off. The pan-fried noodles (chicken) and the shanghai style pan-fried noodles had absolutely no taste to it. You couldn't even taste any fresh vegetables that was in that dish. the watercress with enoki mushroom was okay even though there wasn't much flavor. However, it's way overpriced. The prices from the menu online is not up to date. Some of the prices are actually higher like the watercress with enoki mushroom.
I gave this place 2 stars - I became very ill a few short hours after eating here and I am convinced it was something I ate at this place for dinner. I had the crab and pork soup dumplings - and the crab tasted okay, but the mouth-feel was that the crab was old. I'm from New Orleans and we use crab meat in a lot of our dishes and soups. So I know the mouth-feel of fresh crab from old crab. And the crab served at this restaurant was definitely old.I was only able to finish 3 of the 6 dumplings the crab was so off. The shrimp dumplings were okay and the scallion pancake was excellent. Chicken fried rice was good.Overall, I could have had a better meal at the dumpling houses of San Francisco - and would have skipped the unpleasent hours in the bathroom back at my hotel brining it all back up. Won't be back to this place.
OH MY GAAAAAA. For 3 ppl we were charged $26 and some cents. Jaw dropped.Expectation: Have your whole party there or they will not seat you. If you are a smaller group, like us 3, they might ask you if you want to join another table (not totally awkward, you might even be inspired to order something new based on the other group's food sitting in front of you). We got there around 11:45am on Sunday, and it was pretty packed. So it opens at 11am... meaning ppl either line up or get there by 11:15am to get a seat.Apps/Meal: As soon as you sit out appears a delicious cup of hot tea. No charge (as it should be everywhere!!! It really should). You get distracted by pictures etc, so of course I got with my top choices based on the light skim through yelp reviews.....Soup dumplings (mind you on the menu it just says steamed tiny buns.... I promise there's a bit of soup in it once you devour it)Beef noodle soup - HUGE MUST. You are going to regret it if you don't order it. Reminds me slightly of mabu tofu (japanese) style sauce on top of udon noodles (this is SO smart...). My friends didn't really respond with interest when I mention it.... so I ordered it anyway. And I am SO THANKFUL I ordered. They loved it too.Steamed shrimp dumplings.... a mouthful... but enough for 3 ppl to try it. Dumpling soup with noodles were interesting. Haven't seen dumpling soup with noodles before but it works! Mind you, I mixed the beef noodle sauce in my little share of it (ooh yeah, ask of side bowls to share) it was so tasty that way. The way I eat is mixed, so I truly enjoyed my meal, but it's because I mix it the way I like it (adding chili oil here, and noodle soup there....). Regardless.... my friends who live in the City will now make an effort to come to this place more often (as will I on my next trip in March).
We walked in this place because we had soup dumpling cravings and we were in the area.::Ambiance::A typical Chinese restaurant, except this one had a lot of non-Asians. I guess it's because of the high Yelp ratings.::Food::We loved everything. We ordered steamed tiny buns with pork, steamed tiny buns with crab meat and pork, spicy stewed beef with noodle in soup and sauteed spinach with garlic. Steamed buns were must haves. We liked the pork buns a lot. They were juicy and not as sweet. The stewed beef was not spicy at all. The meat was pretty tender but kind of dry. Spinach was pretty salty (-1 star). ::Service::There was a line but it moved fairly fast. We had to wait for about 5 minutes before we got seated. Waiters were pretty nice. They moved very fast.I would like to go back again to have the steamed buns and try out the other items.
The service was very nice and we were quickly seated on a busy Saturday afternoon. They were very attentive in refilling our hot teas as well and clearing off plates as we finished each dish. The Steamed Tiny Buns with Crab Meat and Pork is the Xiao Long Bao or soup dumplings. They were flavorful, had a good ratio of soup to filling, crab/crab roe had good seafood flavor without being too fishy, and the dumpling skin was nice and thin. The size was perfect and fit nicely on your spoon to take a tiny bite and slurp the tasty soup from the dumpling. One of the best versions in Chinatown.The steamed watercress and shrimp dumplings were wrapped in a clear greenish rice dough that had the perfect stickiness and consistency. Shrimp was nicely paired with the watercress and had a good texture to it.We also ordered the Shanghainese Pan Fried Noodles which is your classic fried thicker noodle with a thick soy-based gravy-like sauce all over. The sauce helps soften the somewhat crunchy noodles and topped with an assortment of tender beef, shrimp, chicken, bok choy, baby corn, mushrooms, snow peas, and carrots. Very satisfying and definitely a dish to be shared. On the table was chili oil that is good to add a kick to the noodle dishes. Would love to come back to try more tasty dishes.
I like this place... A lot. Like leaps and bounds more than I like Joe's Shanghai. Their soup dumplings come out piping hot and aren't little meat pockets filled with oil (Joe's).Come here with a group of people and order everything. Because Everything we ordered was awesome. My favorite, of course, are the soup dumplings- the pork and crab kinds are both amazing. I also love the pan friend red bean cake! Scrumptious. The spicy wontons are super yummy- you should probably order two portions. I also love their enoki and greens stir fry. Oh and the stir fried shrimp lo mein, with those super thick noodles is heavenly. Everything just tasted so damn good. This is yummy, fresh shanghainese food without too much grease and attitude from the waitstaff (a true rarity!).
I love this place! I've ordered their spring rolls, fried dumplings, tried all their souls, chicken and eggplant, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, roast pork lo mein, fried rice and cashew chicken... Everything was delicious!! I haven't been disappointed yet.
Best Salt and Pepper Shrimp I've had.  Flavorful Green tea.  Short wait for a table but well worth it.
I only went for their pork soup dumplings, which were very good. The crab soup dumplings were delicious, too.The place is packed with noisy young crowd, and the service is what you would expect in a restaurant in Chinatown: rushed and impersonal.
Our go-to shanghai place in chinatown.Steamed soup dumplings We order this every time.  One order per person, because it is THAT good.  I like that the skin is not too thick, and they are juicy goodness in each little packet.Beef noodlesPretty standard, not that memorable.Crispy duckThis is solid crispy deep fried ducky goodness.Lion's Head meatballsI was really curious about this.  What a mistake.  The meat texture is weird, maybe it is supposed to be that way, but it did not jive at our table.Pan fried dumplingsStandard, pretty good.
Absolutely fantastic!! They don't take reservations but you can put your name on the list and walk around a bit.Everything, literally everything is great. Why? Here is the list:- authentic food (I have to rely on my Chinese friends here)- huge portions (yes, for NYC massive)- great service - delicious food- not only reasonable priced but very good compared to what you get.
Had takeout lunch here. Rice and double-cooked pork were both very good. I do wish they'd put less rice and more of the double-cooked pork in the lunch, even if they have to charge more.
This place has some seriously great tasting authentic shanghai food. Probably the best Xiao long Bao in Chinatown. The truffle version is freaken awesome! The staff and owner are amazing!
Longest line in Chinatown on a Sunday evening.And a four star rating at that? I always assumed 3.5 was the neighborhood max for food, as you always get the people that can't be pleased. Discovering this four star while browsing Yelp was quite a surprise, and I knew I had to at least try it.To be honest, the food wasn't all that amazing. The menu is all encompassing; they have dumplings, noodles, rice cakes, stir fries, and appetizers of all sorts. Our apps were served in boat-shaped vessels, and some of the accompanying flavors matched the modernness of the flatware. The scallion pancakes could've been cut into smaller pieces, but the dipping sauce added a nice sweet-spicy bite. The soup dumplings were not bad, although (for better and worse), the meat was leaner, and I felt the flavor suffered a bit. The crab variety was a big no-no for me (much better at other restaurants).Our other dishes were also fairly standard fare and nothing really stood out. Our server forgot half of our order, and we ended up canceling those dishes because they took too long. Price-wise, it's not ridiculous for Chinatown, but I still felt it was on the upper bound of restaurants in the area. That, in combination with the wait and the not-too-memorable dishes pushes me to check out other restaurants after putting down my name.
As someone who grew up in a Shanghainese family and goes back every year, Shanghai Asian Manor isn't that great.I don't consider the restaurant to that authentic--the servers were all Cantonese (a different language, let alone the incorrect dialect), and they lacked numerous super basic Shanghainese staples (rice balls, fried dough sticks, soy milk, etc etc etc).Their fried shen jian bao (mini dumplings) is not at all what a shen jian bao should be like. It's pretty good taste wise, just not good as a shen jian bao. Their pork/preserved cabbage rice cakes were alright, but their preserved cabbage was ridiculously bland--preserved cabbage is supposed to be uber salty ("preserved") and the main source of taste in the dish.Their tea was actually exceptional, and the vegetarian goose was good (I've never had bad veggie goose though).
I love the dumplings and noodles and the decor, but I hate the wait. If trying to get a table for 2-4 people, it usually isn't that bad maybe 10 minutes or so. When I went here the other week with my family and had a party of 7, we waited over half an hour. On top of that we felt rushed to finish as there was another party waiting for a large table. Normally service is great, but it must have been an off day because the waiter brought the wrong dish to our table, which we thought was ours. We started eating and he returned a minute later to take it away (which I really hope they did not try to serve to the other table). The other incident that left me rather disappointed was that in a rush to clear the table, the waiter spilled tea on me :/I'll go again if with a party of four or less and avoid the lunch/dinner rush, but I'm glad to say that 21 Shanghai House is now my new to-go place for Shanghainese. A few minutes away on Division St, but at least there's no sloppy service when things get busy.
The soup dumplings (xlb) are the best I've had in New York. Really reminded me of eating them back in Shanghai. I also like their noodle dishes, you can tell the noodles are handmade. Don't bother with anything else, it's not worth it. Xlb and noodles: five stars. Everything else: three or two. I compromise at four.
This place has the same exact menu as the one on Elizabeth street, but a bit bigger. Ordered the #2 (pork xiao long bao), cold noodles with peanut sesame sauce and the cha chiang mian. DELICIOUS . I will forever be coming back to this place because the food is just sooooo fucking good and always affordable. yes!
This place was really great. Coming from Austin, where dumpling options are few and far between, it great to have dinner with friends and a table full of different dumpling options.Highlights included soup dumplings and the pork dumplings in oil.It was about $75 to get a table full of food for 5 people and we couldn't finish it all. It was worth the short wait to get a table.
This is me and my husband's go to place for soup dumplings.  We've been to a handful of places in Chinatown for soup dumplings, and Shanghai Asian Manor is still our favorite.  In case you're wondering - yes, we prefer it over Joe's Shanghai!It used to be really nice because Joe's always had a wait, but this place was busy, but the wait was never more than 10 minutes.  The most recent time we came, we waited about 45 minutes - great for the restaurant, but not so great for my hungry stomach.Even with the crowds, the food is still amazing!  Great authentic Chinese food.Soup Dumplings - pork We usually order this right when we sit down since we ALWAYS know we want it.  I recommend eating it over a bowl, and in a soup spoon, this way you can catch your soup (the best part) if you don't eat it all in one bite.  I like it with the special vinegar soy sauce.  My husband also adds on ginger, but I eat it without the ginger.We've tried the crab - in general, I think pork is way better than crab.  It's not bad, the pork is just better.Fried Squid Great portion size, always very tender and delicious - similar to calamari.Fried Noodles We've tried a variety of their friend noodles, honestly, I like them all, it just depends on my mood at this point.  Noodle texture is always very good!Staff is always very helpful and friendly - which is rare when you're in an authentic Chinese restaurant and don't speak Chinese.  Also like this place because it's cleaner than many restaurants in Chinatown.  They give free tea. Has AC.  Accepts Credit Card.Love this place, pretty much always stop here when were in Chinatown.  Have been recommending it to friends when they visit and will definitely be back again soon!
A must go!  It is in China Town, which has a nice environment to visit. The restaurant is also packed, but the seating was comfortable, the wait staff was friendly, and the food was great.  The pork dumplings were delicious.  The beef with rice cakes was good as was the wontons. A great place to eat at anytime of day.
After a failed attempt getting dinner at Shanghai Cafe the night before, further marred by some inconveniencing due to miscommunication from their staff, we decided to give our business to Shanghai Asian Manor the next morning. And, well, I can't say definitely whether this was a good decision or not, as the food here was pretty average, having ordered the:* Hot & Sour Soup - Neither very spicy nor sour, and fairly cornstarchy, making it a pretty average/plain viscous soup.* Green Onion Pancake - These were actually pretty good, if you enjoy the thinner, crispier variety (as opposed to the thicker doughier variety).* XLB - We got both the pork and crab versions, neither of which was spectacular, but both were enjoyable enough. A little different from the usual XLB I'm used to, at almost 1.5x or 2x the size, and far soupier inside.***Accessibility Info***Venue - There's a single large step to get past out front, and once inside, you'll probably find that the tables are arranged closely together enough that seating may be a bit difficult.Bathroom - Didn't try them, so not sure.
Oh man - Chinatown was super crowded Christmas night. Everyone and their mother was here haha. Heard this place was pretty good.... and my friends were right. Nom nom nom.The wait was only 30 mins... even when they had a full house! I was surprised we got in so quickly. Our server immediately got us our drinks & hot tea and took our orders. We ordered so many dishes, I forget which ones they were. But I for sure recommend the soup dumplings, pork dumplings, and the shrimp dumplings. So delicious. I also ordered the porkchop over rice with vegetable. Pretty decent! I'm not a huge fan of porkchop so I was nibbling on it as I was stashing away on the dumplings. My mom & brother got ahold of the bigger pieces and ate it all. They reallllllly liked it. Space - they have lots of tables and booths. But some people had to share tables since some folks only had 2 people while others had like groups of 4 or 6. I didn't mind at all sharing our table. I love to socialize haha. Service - Excellent. :) We got in, sat, ordered, given food ASAP, and good to go all within 40ish mins. AND we didn't feel rushed at all. I'll be back when I come visit again!! Was not disappointed.
Not eating here anymore after the hostess pulled quite possibly the most BS thing in the world. We were waiting outside for a seat for about 15 minutes when a ugly old asian women and her gigolo bf trounce in and come back out with the lady complaining about how she doesn't want to wait. My wife goes back inside to check on the table which they cleared a table for four and removed a seat to accomodate a high chair. She sees the lady and her bf take the table and sit. My wife asks hey aren't we next and the hostess just waved her hands like I don't  know you have to wait. Ridiculous!!Ever since we had a baby coming here has always been a little awkward. Its a relatively small place and they only have one high chair, which was broken. We sat down and moved some chairs so no one was going to elbow my baby and a waitress comes over starts shuffling everything around after us. It didn't do anything but ease her anxiety. Really disappointed cause I liked coming here.
My all time favorite soup dumplings ever!  I remember when this place would be empty bc everyone would default to how's shanghai but now this place is just as packed!!Ambiance:  typical chinese restaurant although it's definitely not crammed.  The wait staff is decent too.  They have pictures of their star dishes on the wall.Food: soup dumplings pork are my favorite.  They aren't super fatty, yet have lots of flavor!  I also love their wontons Szechuan style...nice and spicy and super flavorful!! Some other dishes I recommend are the scallion pancakes, wine chicken, fried tiny buns, Kau fu, and braised lion head with mushrooms! Although everything is pretty amazing.  Lastly, wash everything down with a soy milk and grass jelly! Price:  very reasonable!  Prices are comparable to most chinese restaurants.
This spot was poppin! Luckily we did not have to wait on a line! For the first time I tried the soup dumpling which was awesome! My friend had to teach me the proper way of eating it because if you ate it wrong definitely can burn yourself. Then I ordered the Shanghai lo mein with mixed meat and shrimp. That was good but there was not that much meat. The shrimp was definitely frozen instead of serving fresh shrimp. Overall it was good!
Ate there today and the soup dumplings were definitely worth the trip. Our favorite were the mini pork dumplings. Our waiter suggested the spicy wonton appetizer and they were amazing with a rich, spicy sauce. The other highlight of our trip was the crispy shrimp with fruit sauce entree. Unbelievable. The crispy duck and the whole yellow fish were a let down so wouldn't recommend those.
Amazing SOUP DUMPLINGS! The best for lunch or dinner. Just as great as Joe's Shanghai but less of the crowd and they take a credit card. My go-to for soup dumps in Chinatown Manhattan.
Great soup dumpling place! My friend introduced me to this place and I just keep coming back for more! Great price and fast service! :)
To revise my other review, I give this place 4.5 stars. The soup dumplings are bigger than other shanghai restaurants in chinatown, and do not arrive at your table looking wrinkly and shriveled up, which is a definitely bonus for presentation. This time, I did not have an issue with pre-punctured soup dumplings. For the most part, they were on point today. I tried the crab and pork soup dumplings, and I would have to say, I still prefer the classic just pork soup dumplings. The broth in the crab one has a strong crab flavor, and the texture of crab mixed with meat doesn't do it for me. The broth in the pork soup dumplings on the other hand, are always perfectly seasoned. Unfortunately, the first 2 platters we ordered arrived at our table partially cooled down already, so I won't be giving 5 stars this time. Soup dumplings are definitely best eaten hot, even if it means sacrificing your mouth by accidentally burning your tongue when you're overly excited to dig in. However, our 2nd round of pork dumplings did arrive piping hot, just the way I liked it. I definitely recommend ordering a bit at a time, and adding to your order especially for soup dumplings to ensure that they were freshly steamed instead of letting each platter sit at your table for too long.
So was in NYC for the Black Friday madness and after a few days of eating Korean Food I felt a change of pace would be nice so my buddy and I decided that Chinese food would be the way to go. We were staying near Wall St. and after a bit of searching in the Chinatown area I stumbled upon Shanghai Asian Manor and their famous XLB's.  We walked over from Wall in the freezing weather and made it to Chinatown to be greeted by a long line at the joint. The joint itself is very clean and the service is fairly quick which is appreciated. The hostess seemed friendly but she would basically tell everyone the wait was 15 minutes when in reality it was a bit longer.After waiting about 30 minutes or so, we were finally seated with menus brought over promptly and a waiter not too soon after. We looked through the menu quickly and decided to order the Pork XLBs, Wonton Szechuan style, scallion pancakes, the Shanghai lo mien with pork, Shrimp Dumplings, and Beef Fried rice. All the food came out quickly and the star of the show was of course the XLB which definitely lived up to the hype. The wrapper is very delicate and it is filled with soup to the max. The scallion pancakes are very good also which was surprising. The wonton's were good but they seemed a bit over the top oily which I was not a fan of. The lo mien, fried rice, and shrimp dumplings were all relatively forgettable so a disappointment there. All in all, I would say that this restaurant is OK. Definitely come for the XLB's but if you are looking for a large variety of food options, there are probably better options out there.  Nevertheless check out these XLB's because they are definitely great.
The soup dumplings will change your life. Crispy pan fried noodles were also solid. Dumplings.  Get at least two orders.
Can't go wrong with soup dumplings, delicious! I would say the best spot for the soup dumplings. The best part of eating these dumplings isn't only trying to pick it up without popping it, but the flavor in the inside. The soup being warm and tasty, the pork being cooked well, and the outer layer being perfect. I also had the noodles with pork chop and veggies. It was great :)Oh and it's reasonably priced, so you cant go wrong with that!
The hubs and I enjoyed a great lunch at Shanghai Asian Manor. We were quickly seated and served beverages right away. The menu was extensive and we went with soup dumplings, shrimp lo mien and some pork dumplings. The food came out hot and was delicious. Also - the bathrooms were clean!
Get the tiny buns if you're dining in!! Very well done. Nice staff. Tea's good too :)
I tried the truffle soup dumplings and they were...meh. I tried the Lo Mein, and I honestly thought that it was horrible. I decided everyone must be crazy, except me for some unknown reason. I went for a walk and reflected upon my existence and place in this worId. Then I realized that I'd never actually had lo mein or dumplings before, so maybe it wasn't so much that THEIR food sucked as it was that those menu items probably just weren't for me. I decided adventure was overrated and ordered something I did like: ribs. The Wuxi Spare ribs in particular. I then understood why almost a thousand people gave this place top reviews. I regained my trust in humanity and in Yelp. Praise be
I'm not gonna lie the wait was a little long but it was TOTALLY WORTH IT. So firstly the waiter I had Lun, he was totally awesome and chill. Second, the wait was long but the food came out fairly quickly. Thirdly, it was definitely a comfortable place even though it's crowded. Omg I forgot the prices! the prices are perfect I ordered about 3 dishes and it was only 20$ including tax. I really enjoyed it and will surely comeback. And if you get lun tip him his said his new!
I love their spicy wonton!! It was really good. Also, their soup dumplings are okay, nothing special. Def. recommend spicy wonton!
Most amazing and authentic Chinese!  The soup dumplings are a MUST!Has an "A" rating, too- for those who are interested.
This was my go to restaurant in Chinatown because of the good reviews, the unlimited tea, and the good food I tried so far...until I decided to get takeout from there during lunch this week. I ordered the general tos chicken over fried egg rice ($1 extra). As I bit into one of the chickens, I saw a black line going across. When I pulled at it, thinking that maybe it was from the chicken vein, I discovered that it was a piece of paper that was cooked and attached to the piece of chicken. Gross...I will never be back.
Subpar soup dumplings coupled with horrible service. Waiters were rushing us to finish and prematurely removed our dumplings from the steamer resulting in a broken soup dumplings. Honestly there are places around that are much better.
Good xiao long bao. Everything else ranged from so so to terribad. Shengjianbao, the pan fried soup dumplings are too doughy with no soup. Bad. Do not order. Congyoubing, the scallion pancakes are okay but not great. At least it is a large serving size. The jiachangdoufu or homestyle tofu was a sorry excuse for the real deal. AND expensive. Three ladies, probably three orders of xlb is enough. Moral of story: only eat xlb here.
The weather is finally cold enough for me to fully enjoy soup dumplings again! Came here early on a Sunday night (5:30pm) and had to wait 10 mins to be seated. I was a bit surprised that they were so crowded so early, alas there were throngs of people waiting by the time we left! As always, their soup dumplings (the regular pork kind) were the best! The scallion pancakes were fried to crispy perfection. If you're not sure what to order, pointing to the magnified pictures on the wall for assistance. We had the shanghai style noodles with shrimp and beef. They do a great job with these noodles, as their not too salty of in a pool of oil. Will be coming back here soon!
Really enjoyed the meal there. Like the veggie dumpling and xiaolongbao. It's a really busy restaurant so go earlier to get the seat.
Good price for food in a very competitive area.  We usually order the soup dumplings, spicy wontons, and spinach dumplings.  All very delicious and decently priced.  Definitely worth a visit!
Open for new years 2013!First meal of 2013.Quality and service is still top notch.Ka Tow, Shanghai mixed  chow noodles, Crab pork dumplings.Stop reading this and go already!
Went there on a Friday night - waited 40 min to get seated when they told us it was only a 15 min wait. Food was alright, a hit or miss for me.Soup dumplings were good (except for the crab)The noodles were decent except for the the pan fried one which tasted like bland uncooked ramen mixed with cooked noodles.Overall the food was DECENT. Nothing amazing.
Amazing! Craved some dumpling and ended up sampling almost every single kind it was delicious -all of them. Our favorite were the soup dumplings with crab and steamed pork fried dumplings!
SAM (as my friends and family now call it for short) is as good as Chinese food gets!  It's absolutely delicious, and the wait staff is always very attentive.  Being a young adult, it's a great place to get an affordable and filling meal.  Portions are huge, and the cost is so minimal.  Even if there is a wait, they move and get you in and out.  If you go, I HIGHLY recommend the pork soup dumplings - it's a science to eat but they are absolutely DELICIOUS.  The Shanghai lomein and pork fried rice are also great entrees.  The veggies and meat are so fresh, and I always feel completely satisfied when I leave... Usually with leftovers!
I came here a while ago with my fiancé. The food here was good. It does get packed but the workers make an effort to turn tables around quickly. My fiancé and I ordered a total of 5 or 6 dishes and went home with just a little bit of leftovers. We noticed too that the tables around us were also ordering multiple dishes between two people. Not only did this place have good food but it was fun getting to order different dishes while not having to feel overly stuffed. We got the fried squid, scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, wontons, and truffle soup dumplings. Everything tastes good. I personally remember looking at pictures of the wonton thinking that it looked really yummy and full of spice but it ended tasting just sweet and peppery. The squid was good too but kinda chewy so they're one biters even if it's a big pieces. The soup dumplings were good and so were the truffle ones. I personally don't like truffle but my fiancé thought they tasted great.
All I had here are the dumplings, not a lot of choices, but what ever is there is very good. Especially there spicy wonton dumplings and shrimp dumplings. I wouldn't recommend the vegetable dumplings tho, the stuffing is just broccoli and it's not good.
The crab dumplings here really are the bomb! I don't think any places here makes these xao long bao as good as here. I come here at least once a week to eat another meal or so. The flavors here were deep and intricate, with the juices inside these baos just overflowing. I would recommend some of their thinner noodles. I've eaten the larger ones, but my favorite is the smaller lighter small noodles.
This is my go-to dinner spot in Chinatown. They just do not disappoint. I started out at their Elizabeth Street location. My usual orders:Soupy Dumplings - Simply perfect, Bo Green is on par. Skip the crabmeat, pork is just better.Szechuan Wontons - Delicious if you like spicyShanghai Lo Mein - Best out of all the shanghai places in Chinatown. Porkchop (Appetizer) - My bf never skips the porkchop appetizer and believes that it is not only the best value porkchop but also tops the list in taste. We occasionally veer off the usual list and get a dish with eggplant, Lion's head meatball, or mushroom. Skip the fish dishes, it isn't their forte.
Ran in here on a rainy day after my workout. Really satisfying portions! I had the chicken pan fried noodles and they were so addicting! Soup dumplings were really yummy as well. Coming back for sure!
This place was amazing, I asked my buddy at work who grew up in NY where I should eat in Chinatown and he recommended this place immediately.We ordered every different type of dumpling they had on the menu. The restaurant is very clean and the service was great for how busy it was. They said it would be a half hour wait and it ended up being like five minutes.I love that they serve green tea with the meals and every recommendation the server gave us was delicious. We ended up just ordering a bunch of small plates but I'm definitely coming back here and recommending this place to people that come visit me in NYC.
Such good flavors. I love the soup dumplings here. The scallion pancakes are so crispy and chewy and delicious!Wish there was more of a traditional dim sum served here though. (And turnip cakes) Best of all this place is so cheap. A group of 6 left stuffed and only paid $10 each.
I like Shanghainese food enough to bring dishonor on my Sichuanese family. There is something so compelling about rice cakes with preserved vegetables, juicy soup dumplings, fried buns, etc. I suppose I just like the combination of refined carbs + meat. In any case, Shanghai Asian Manor does Shanghainese fare decently well. The place is pretty popular, so getting a table for large groups can sometimes be challenging. I went with a group of 6 once for dinner on a Saturday evening and waited a good forty-five minutes for a table. Recently, I went in a party of two at around 8PM on a Monday evening and the wait was only about five minutes.No fluff, just solid Shanghainese fare. The rice cakes with pork and preserved vegetables is yummy. The salt and pepper squid came with an interesting mayo-based dressing that certainly isn't authentic but did add some additional flavor to the fare. The friend buns were yummy and not too fried, which I appreciated.Though the food isn't as amazing as Shanghai Café and the price point is a tad higher with a longer wait, I'm giving Shanghai Asian Manor another star because the bathrooms are clean and the service is reasonably friendly. This makes it quite a find in Chinatown, as long as you don't mind the wait!
Let's start with the obvious, the Soup Dumplings are AMAZING!  You have to have them. Be warned they are HOT!Followed up with LoMein with Shrimp. Also excellent. The service is quick and the place is hopping. The restaurant is very clean, and it has a nice trendy look to it. I recommend you go here!
#There was a sign that told me to Challenge my senses and order the #Black Truffle Soup Dumplings $12 for an order of 6. It was good, but I don't think it's that much more different than regular pork soup dumplings. Maybe a little more rich, less #chalky tasting than their pork soup dumplings. Not sure if it's worth more than #double the price. But if you're a high roller, you might as well. Or if they #challenge you like they did to me.
I love everything about this place except some of the service ppl. Everything ive ever got from here is DELICIOUS! The pork soup dumplings and spicy wontons are a must. Both the dumplings and wontons have super thin skins and are just full of flavor. I love to use the spicy sauce (which is not that spicy) from the wontons on other dishes. The shanghai lomein have a lot of veggies making you feel less guilty about consuming so much carbs. I got the pork with bamboo order to go, but it doesnt come with rice... Seriously... hmm thats weird. Guess ill just cook my own. This might be my favorite dish from here. Its huge! can be used for three meals and its sooo good. Get it!
Wow!!  We had a variety of different dishes and our party of 8 shared them all. Highlights were Szechuan wontons, pan fried dumplings, Wuxi spareribs and lo mein. Service was friendly and quick. Have been to Joes Shanghai and this place was far superior.
I've been to many restaurants in the area, and have to say this is one of my favorite places. The crab & pork soup dumplings are incredible--not too oily nor salty like Joe's, yet flavorful. The skin is thin make it easy to eat. They taste very similar to that the ones I had in Shanghai a few years ago. Will definitely be returning.
For their xlb - amazing. Thin skin, unlike Joe's, and a ridiculous amount of soup. I've never met a soup dumpling that was too juicy to eat in one bite, but at Shanghai Asian Manor I've met my match. Going for a 2nd try next time I'm in the city to be sure, but for now this is my new go-to for xlb.
Came here to try the Xiao Long Bao (soupy dumplings with pork and crab) and it didn't disappoint.  Had also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and Szechuan Style Wontons.The xiao long bao was great.  So much pork broth in each dumpling and it wasn't overly fatty.  The pork was flavor-filled and tender.  The wrapping of the bao was thin, but still had a good bite and wasn't mushy, which can happen easily since it's so soupy and they way they're cooked, which is steamed.The Pan Fried Pork Dumplings were waaaay too dough-y, stiff, and dry.  The filling was way too small, as there was a lot of air space residing inside the dumpling.  I wouldn't recommend this item, unless you enjoy dry, thick, dough/bread.The S.S.W. were really good.  The sauce was slightly spicy, dark, and sweet.  The wonton was filled with pork and wrapped with a very thin and silky wrapper.  If you enjoy the sweet and spicy combo, then you should really try this dish.
Holy stinkin moly.The XLB (soup dumplings) are fab here.  Stopped by on a Saturday at 11:30am and managed to snag the last table in this small restaurant.  We immediately placed an order of crab and pork soup dumplings and pork soup dumplings.  No more than fifteen minutes later, out come some perfectly beautiful steaming hot dumpy dumps.  When I started in on the crab and pork I ate one and then another and each bite was even more addicting than the last.  We demolished the first round and then went onto the pork only dumplings.  These were ridiculously well flavored.  So porky and a great depth to the soup portion.  We had other eating conquests to move on to but I could have sat here and happily stuffed my face in dumpling gluttony.  8 dumplings was around 7 or 8 dollars.  That means you can eat A LOT of dumplings.  I'll be back.
Service is fast as heck from my experience. Get the hot & sour soup for your table, nice flavor. Also recommend getting the rice cakes and of course the soup dumplings. The surprise though was definitely the the shanghai pan fried noodles with that yummy sauce, whatever it was. Definitely a good spot to go especially if they got seats for you on a busy night in chinatown.
We stopped here for an early dinner and had a very pleasant experience. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot!) was delicious. The service was a little slow and inaccurate at times, hence the 4 stars, but the food was good.
The best Shanghainese food I've had in New York!Picking between this and Joe's Shanghai for lunch with mom and the sister, I decided with the help of the you awesome Yelpers. Staff was indeed polite and friendly and the interiors were spacious and clean. Very touristy but a good handful of locals too.We promptly were given a hot tea that was delicious! Looking through the basic Shanghai fare menu, we ordered pork soup dumplings, vegetarian chicken, scallion pancakes, and veggie pan fried noodles. Food came out quickly and was excellent! Their veggie chicken is basically a cold marinated hard tofu which is light and refreshing and does not taste like chicken at all. The scallion pancakes were out of this world. The best I've had anywhere! Light and flaky and perfectly chewy with a sweet soy sauce which was perfect. The soy sauce vinegar is ADDICTIVE!I don't eat pork but I sampled the broth of the soup dumpling and wrapper. It was well seasoned and not overly greasy like many places. The pan fried noodles were unique and delicious, less oily and salty just as I asked for. Very hearty and a perfect mix of crunchy fried noodle to saucy, soggy noodle(I oddly like the mix!) Everything was fresh and very satisfying. Noise level was average for a crowded lunch time mix of tourists, Chinatown locals, cops, and business/law guys from FiDi. Great prices as well, all three of us were stuffed for only $25 before tip. Would highly recommend and definitely going to come back again.
If you come to New York City, one must try the Shanghainese food because you will be satisfied. Today,  we also ordered xiao long bao, fried pork dumpling, noodles with Meat Sauce, Shanghai beef Lo mein, Shanghai chicken lo mein and Shanghai style pan-fried noodles. The meat sauce has a lot of meat sauce, so if you are a meat lover this dish is for you. The fried dumpling was very standard nothing to rave about. The lo mein is decent if you want to play it safe. If you want to have a unique experience go for the Shanghai style pan-fried noodles. The xiao long bao, definitely solid and a must order at any Shanghai restaurant. Do try their xiao long bao thou.  The xiao long bao has eight per order. A  napa cabbage is placed under the soup dumpling to prevent drying and keeping it moist. If this is your first time eating xiao long bao, it is a dumpling that has soup that is golden, rich flavor when you bite into it. The soup inside the dumpling itself is very light and non-fatty or so I tell myself. It is still bulking season, right?We got here around 3pm and the staff was about to eat lunch. So only two servers was serving all the tables. So my cup of water remain empty until we got the check. So come earlier or at 3:30pm, but I will be coming back soon.
Love this place. They have the best soup dumplings in town and pretty much everything else I've tried on the menu is delicious and great portion size. If you're looking for authentic Chinese you have to come here.
Dumplings, wontons and dessert were delicious
Came here around 7 on a Wednesday and was able to get seats pretty quickly for a party of 6. We got the crab and pork soup dumplings, Shanghai mixed meat and shrimp Lo mein, pepper shredded beef with brown sauce, and watercress with golden mushroom. Everything was pretty decent, not spectacular but not bad. It came out to around $11 for each person.
Food took over an hour to get delivered. It was cold on arrival and the crispy duck was not good at all. Save your money and go someplace else.
The dumplings were ok. I got the whole fish in brown sauce and it was merely ok.  My daughter and wife enjoyed there dinners but weren't overly impressed. My daughter had the squid in pepper sauce. I liked her dish more than mine. My wife had Kung Pao and it was just ok.   We loved the ice cream deserts. They good.   Overall I was expecting a better meal than we actually had.  Wait staff was good.
I hate getting dim sum while vegetarian, bc nothing is very good. Friends shared soup dumplings - one portion is huge, so don't get more than one if you're planning on other dishes - and I split the crispy vegetable noodles, Mapo tofu and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes are AMAZING; tofu was tasty, but something was seriously wrong with the crispy noodles bc they were half soggy, half extremely crispy, covered in sauce and oily vegetables and extremely heavy. I would not recommend. Go for the traditional dim sum dishes and everything will be ok.
The truffle soup dumplings are a must try. Szechuan style wontons have great flavor, spicy and sweet. Loved the watercress with golden mushrooms. It's a good base since everything else was so flavorful. Lastly we really enjoyed the chicken lettuce wrap. Nothing was disappointing. Great ratings well deserved.
The worst! This used to be my go-to spot until the host wholeheartedly decided to give my table away to customers who came after I did. The host already knew that I was waiting for my table and I was there for about 10 minutes already. She gave away the table and I immediately told that I was there first and I've been waiting and that table should've been mine since I was next in line. She said, "Is your party here yet?" Seriously? She didn't bother asking if THEIR party was all there yet, yet they were able to get a seat right after they walked in the door. I indicated that everyone was here. All she could say was, "Sorry." Acceptable? Get the hell out of here! I said, "Well??" It's like either you tell those customers to get up from their seats and give me the seats because your sorry ass failed to realize that someone was already there before they were OR you find me another available table like RIGHT NOW. She did neither, of course because 1. her sorry ass couldn't muster up the courage to ask those customers to give up the table for me and my group and 2. there were no other available tables because she just gave up the one that was! Anyway, she offered a measly 10% discount. I took it because there was no other option, already dinner time and other places would be just as packed, and I was not allowed to slap her across the face.To sum it up, customer service as indicated above is terrible. Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) is good. However, it's a damn rip off. It used to be 8 pieces per order, but they cut it down to 6 pieces for whatever their not-so-inexpensive price. (Anyway, you can get great soup dumplings elsewhere for a cheaper price.) Entrees with sauce in them is over salted and way too "saucy". Calamari now comes with some weird "french-like dressing" and it's terrible. They deserved no tip and were lucky enough that I gave them $1-2 tips that evening. Not returning ever again.
Pretty decent place, especially for a group.  You won't spend much (like most of Chinatown), which is another plus.The soup dumplings are not bad, but I would not say it is #1 in Chinatown. I prefer Yeah Shanghai Deluxe a block over.  The pork ones are pretty good, the crab ones were not great.  In general, the seafood options are not great here, so if you are craving classic Shanghainese yellow fish...don't order it at this particular restaurant.  However their pork items are delicious, Lion's Head Meatball was good, the cabbage in it was delicious, the large mushrooms in it were absolutely the star....if you are a fan of savory, that is your dish!!  A little on the salty side so eat with rice :)
After a long day of acting like a tourist in my own born city, I finished my evening by having dinner at Shanghai Asian Manor.  The food did not disappoint as Yelp always hooks it up.  I had delicious Mini Soup Pork & Crab Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, and Chicken with Cashew Nuts.  Place was packed and service was tight like a tiger (Positive). I would come back again for lunch or dinner any time.
We were very pleased with the high quality and great taste of our dumplings--Black truffle buns with pork, Pork with leek, Wonton Szechuan and snow pea leaves with shrimp!We'll be back to explore the menu further.And, the service was very nice.
This restaurant's layout is one that is seen often in many dining establishments in Chinatown: lots and lots of tables, lots and lots of waiters, but below-par service.They ask you if you want tea or water after they give you menus. We had about 2 people come up to us within minutes of us sitting down asking if we were ready to order. It would've been nice if there was communication between them. Also, despite the amount of servers, it was incredibly hard to get the attention of just ONE, maybe because they all think the others will take care of the customers. I don't know. I was really unhappy with how they didn't pay attention to us. When we were ready to order, of course, we had to let someone know we were ready.I got "braised noodles" with vegetables and steamed vegetable dumplings. The noodles were not "braised". A more appropriate name would have been noodle soup. It was a few pieces of vegetables with rice noodles. The broth was not bad, but I expected something a little different. The vegetable dumplings were very good, though.They forgot our order of vegetarian duck, but I wanted to try it so I reminded them and it came out in a few minutes. The imitation meat was wrapped around vegetables (and glass noodles if my memory serves me correctly?). The flavor was pretty good. It was a cold dish, which I knew from the menu but I would love to see this served warm.
This place was pretty packed for so many competitors around the neighborhood. We saw a high yelp rating and went there to try it - did not disappoint. The soup dumplings are quite tasty and their ability to make the skin thin while maintaining all that yummy soup and filling..The crispy scallion was not bad, but not the best. It was a bit oily for my taste.The pork rice cakes were yummy.Customer service was not bad, but there were a bit mishaps here and there like forgetting our tea and and utensils.
I come here whenever I don't want any elbows in my face when trying to eat my XLB (oh, Joe's...~)I've come here several times, and the XLB vary in terms on quality (of thickness of skin), but overall, it gets the craving satisfied. I also enjoy the Lo Mein from here!Don't expect good service; it's an understaffed Chinese restaurant.
Great place for soup dumplings. I keep coming back for more.Of all the times I've came here for food, today's was the first time the soup dumplings kept breaking before I could get it to my plate. However, those that didn't break were the same great tastes as the many times I've came before.Besides coming here for the soup dumplings, the jjajangmyun is also very good. If you're looking for something with a lot of flavor to go with the soup dumplings just get the jjajangmyun on the side. My suggestion is to get the tiny steamed buns with pork ONLY. I'm not a big fan of the crab meat, plus they're much more expensive.The waiters are very friendly and they do their jobs well, every now and then you might need to give them a heads up though. Definitely coming back for more soup dumplings, they're just so filling.
This was the best Chinese meal I've had in years. The scallion pancakes were crispy and delicious. Pork dumplings were juicy. Beef and broccoli was okay.
Dumplings are amazing!!! Wish that they could open earlier so I can have it for breakfast. The soup dumplings are amazing!! I love their scallion pancake too.
This place is known for their truffle flavored soup dumplings, so I decided to give it a try. My party of 8 ordered regular soup dumplings with crab meat and pork, along with fried gluten in sauce, shanghai noodles with chicken, and some scallion pancakes. The truffle dumplings aren't anything special, I wouldn't go out of my way for them, nor pay $12 for 6. That was just absurd - it was a good experience though. The taste was peculiar but tasty. The fried gluten just didn't fit me too well. However, SAM redeemed themselves with the shanghai noodles. The noodles had so much flavor and was cooked to perfection, probably the best place I had these type of noodles in Chinatown. The scallion pancakes were tasty as well, crispy and fragrant. This is definitely one of the solid choices for Shanghainese alongside Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai Cafe. Any of those will do your Shanghainese craving right. Will come back for more of those noodles!
We stumbled upon Shanghai Asian Manor with some friends. We were planning to go to Nom Wah Tea Parlor, which we didn't realize was closed for renovations. Well, this turned into a happy accident.We ordered a variety of food including the soup dumplings, vegetable dumplings, scallion pancake, one of the tofu dishes and a noodle dish. Unfortunately, I forget exactly which dishes we got. Service was efficient and the menu was huge! I think we all liked everything we got and considering the amount of food we ended up ordering, we ended up finishing everything. The bill was also around $50 for 4 people! Amazing. So definitely recommend if you're in Chinatown.
Went for a weekend supper with my husband. I often order apps as a meal. I shared the cold noodles with sesame and got myself an order of fried pork buns and scallion pancakes. Scallion pancakes: Good and crisp, as I prefer. There was, in truth, one large pancake cut into 4 sections instead of pancakes (plural) form.Pork Buns: an order of 8. Light & fluffy, delicious with the dipping sauce. My only preference would have been more pork in the middle.Cold Noodles with sesame: Easily one of the best dishes of its kind. This is a staple item when my husband and I eat out. We always look for it! It's chilled, you can taste the peanut and sesame, scallion on top...perfection.My husband is more ambitious and decided to try the braised (half) duck. Pricey at $14.95 an order, but worth it. It is one the happiest faces I've ever seen on my husband while he was eating.  could embarass him now with details, but suffice to say, his food made him ecstatic.
I'll make this short: come here for the soup dumplings. Eat soup dumplings. Leave.Been here a couple of times recently, and I've found nothing else on the menu nearly as great as the soup dumplings, which they are known for. The watercress and mushroom dish was just super saucy, nothing special. They serve pretty big portions. The general rule seems to be that everything is tasty, but nothing is very memorable. With so many delicious noms in Chinatown, I say just get your fill of dumplings and head elsewhere for the rest.
The salt and pepper squid here is INCREDIBLE. Better than any calamari that I've ever had. That's one of the only reasons why I'd come back to this place.My biggest problem was how long it took the food to come out, and the two tables that were sat at least 5 minutes after us all had their food already. The xiao long bao has a great skin and is soupy, but too bad there wasn't a strong flavor profile in the soup. It was just kinda meh. I'll come back for the squid. If I want xiao long bao, there are better places along Mott.
Step aside Joe's, this place has the best dumpling.My wife and her friends are home grown Shanghainese and they all give it a 5 star on the dumpings itself.  The skin is thin while packed with great soup.  BE AWARE: a non-professional chopstick handlers can ruin the dumpling!!!  I will stick with pork dumplings and some said that crab ones tasted weird....The Shanghai style fried noodle and pancake are my 2nd fav from that place.  The place is good for group but can have a long wait during dinner time.
I recently came here 2 weeks ago & was so disappointed. I was really craving soup dumplings & wanted to take a friend here. The crab & pork soup dumplings, the shanghai noodles, shumai & beef noodle soup were ALL underwhelming. My friend & I both agreed, all the food was lacking in flavor. Walked out thinking... meh what a waste of calories.Maybe I've had Nan Xiang & Little Dumpling in queens too much that I was comparing their tasty dumplings to the quality of Shanghai Asian Manor's food. Do yourself a favor, eat somewhere else for soup dumplings.. or if you can, trek it to Flushing Nan Xiang Long Bao. You won't regret it!
I came to NY to celebrate a friends Birthday. Somehow within first few hours of departing the airport, I ended up in Canal St. and was hungry. We picked this place for no apparent reason. Actually had to wait to get a table, but the very pretty ladies up front were very apologetic for the wait a rare treat in NY. We sat and immediately ordered our appetizer, it's because there are menus for you at the waiting area's wall. Our dumplings were unbelieveable. In MN, I think the Chinese places go nuts over oil and soy sauce. That always makes me gag. But this place is like a breath of fresh air, finally Chinese food that doesn't taste like onions soaked in butter. I forgot the name of the food, but it was with beef and noodles, it was DELICIOUS. We had couple other items that we ordered, and everyone of them was great. I will be returning to that place next time.
LA people, please tell me a xlb place that compares to this one. Everytime I come to NY, this is one of the places I must go to. The XLB are cheap, and filling, and I love the dipping sauce that comes with it. BUT, my friend's bf introduced a new favorite to me - XO sauce wontons. WOW!!!!! That sauce is bomb diggity. Basically, it's an umami filled seafood sauce that's spicy haha. Mix that with your xlb too.But if you go here, get the pork xlb. Skip the crab. Share the xo sauce wonton.You're welcome :)
Thought this was one of the best shanghainese places I ate at in New York City. Their xiaolongbao and shenjiangbao were on point! Also the other dishes were super tasty and the prices are low!!
Really good! Nice service and atmosphere, reasonable prices. All dishes were tasty. The soup dumplings, dry sauteed shredded beef, and Sczechuan wontons were the highlights for us. Would definitely come back!
Ah, this really hit the spot. It was the perfect way to end my first night in NYC.Scallion Pancake: crispy, crunchy, and kind of greasy but in a satisfying, late night craving type of wayTiny fried buns: crunchy on the bottom, soft on top, adorableSoup dumplings aka tiny steamed buns, listed on the menu as #1 or 2: YES. Go for pork. I didn't notice the crab in the crab/pork and they're more expensive....The wait was SHORT. The service was FAST! The servers were NICE! Usually, you sacrifice quality service for good food in Asian restaurants but you get the best of both worlds here. Yay. Also, the space is smaller than it appears in the images.:)
Will not be coming back. Everything we got wasn't good: pork casserole - (really a soup, which is fine, we asked ahead and they explained) cold jellyfish - (best dish we had but not worth a trip back) crystal noodles - were covered in what tasted and looked like peanut butter...i can appreciate a good peanut sauce...this was not that.I guess we should have stuck to the 'popular' shanghainese fair (soup dumplings etc).
Good lord! Their pork soup dumplings are the truth. Service is regular Chinatown speedy style of: hello- goodbye/ get up off this table so we can make more money. Whatever, as long as I get these dumplings I'm happy.
Great dim sum at the right price. I really like how they use thin skins on their xiaolongbao so you can better taste the meat and soup
One of the must go places when i come back to NY. The food here is great. Never disappointed me. However line can be long during 7 to 8 pm. Please go ahead of time . Xiao long bao is a must have right here!
Oh my goodness, this definitely beats Joe's Shanghai FOR SURE. This place is a lot cleaner and the food is delicious. I'm not sure about how cheap it truly is. I'm from California so XLB here is $10 a tray instead of $5-6 in New York. The XLB was so big and the broth was CLEAR, unlike the greasy broth you'd see at Joe's.I was ecstatic when the staff spoke English. Overall, AMAZZZING FOOD and good service.
Staff was nice, noodles overcooked though and dish didn't have much taste. Still looking for a home run Asian restaurant.
Get the:1) soup dumpling - pork is yum, dumpling skin is sturdy yet thin at the same time2) stir fried rice cake with preserved vege & pork - so good, would get this again3) bamboo with pork - pricey, but worth itQuick service, feels clean, warm, spacious. I would come back.
I like fried oyster (Kaki furai) here. It really goes well with shochu.
I came here based off recommendations from Yelpers but I was disappointed in the end.Decor: 3/5Service: 2.5/5-fairly decent service, they tend to refill tea near the outside of the table so those sitting inside won't get their teas refilledFood: 2/5-For all the things we ordered: Pork soup dumpling, wonton szechuan style,  scallion pancake (they forgot to make this order) and squid with salt and pepper were all must "okay". The pork soup dumpling was neutral and not as hot or tasty as Shanghai Cafe. s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com…-Wontons were covered in some sort of sweet caramelized hot sauce that wasn't hot at all and finally the salt and pepper squid was not cooked long enough. s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com…-The squid was too chewy.s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…
We went on the recommendation of a friend who lives downtown and was he ever right!The extensive dim sum selection, including great noodles and soups, was great. We shared cold noodles with sesame sauce, hot and sour soup, soup dumplings (with a demonstration from our waiter on how to eat them) and steamed watercress and shrimp dumplings. Then, on to the main dishes including shrimp and chicken with hoisin sauce as well as sliced chicken with eggplant In garlic sauce. I need to add that the service was as excellent as the food. Looking forward to many return visits...
This was my first exposure to XLB and to be honest, I had no idea what to expect. Dumplings with soup inside?!? How is that even possible? Is there a wizard back there? I still haven't determined the answer to the wizard question, but the dumplings were life-changing. I only refer to things as life-changing once a week or so, tops, so you know it means something. Service is fine. Decor? Who cares!Come for the dumplings, stay for more dumplings.
Love their new black truffle soup dumplings!! It's a special order, I think only 4 for $12 so it's quite pricy but tastes amazing and unique from the usual pork soup dumpling flavor! Must try! Everything else is amazing too, such as scallion pancake and Shanghai fried noodles! A bit on greasy side but what do I expect for fried food!? Lol
The delivery guy just threatened me "i will drop something in your soup, you wait and see".First of all, the food arrived after an hour despite i live near the restaurant. The noodle was soggy and became tasteless.When the delivery guy came he told me the order is $20. I gave him $22. Then he got angry and mummbled some Chinese with strong accent that I could not understand. Then I looked at the order, it was $20.25, i usually tips 10% for Chinese restaurant delivery, so i called him back and planned to give him more. The delivery guy came back and cursed "i am going to drop something bad into your soup, you wait and see". I really regret for giving him extra tips.And now that i recall, the same delivery guy had collected tax on the restaurant's behalf which the restaurant said was included in the meal.Poor service and horrible attitude. I want to make a formal complaint on this.
I ordered from this restaurant on Sunday 4/12 at 8:15pm, an hour later my order had still not arrived. When I called the restaurant to inquire, I was on the phone with them for over 10 mins because they were unable to locate my order. The manager said she would have another order sent out to me. Very hungry and upset, I agreed. 10 minutes later my original order ( the one they said didn't exist) was delivered.  The food was cold, and my noodles from my soup was soggy. It took over 1 hour and 30 mins to get food to only be disappointed. They refused to refund me for the order and I even had seamless call the restaurant.I will never order from this place again due to their bad business practices, untimely delivery and mismanagement of orders!
My new favorite shanghainese restaurant! Hands down! Shanghai cafe has finally been dethrone! The xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) were so juicy and fattening but so worth it. We tried a couple of appetizers and they were just as tasty. I'm just super glad I found a new favorite shanghai restaurant!
Why wait at Joe's when their XLB is the only thing that's good on the menu? If you want more than XLB, go to Shanghai Asian Manor. My friends and I ordered the crab and pork XLB - it was really freaking delicious. I hesitate to say this because it's a really bold statement but Shanghai Asian Manor's crab/pork XLB may be the best XLB I've ever had. The other really great item we had was the sheng jian bao - much like it's XLB cousin, it's filled with soup and meat but it's wrapped in fluffy mantou, fried on the bottom to a crisp and topped with sesame seeds. These don't have as much soup as the XLB, but they are just as good.We ordered several dishes, all were really fantastic. I can't wait to come back here again!
Stop going to Joe's. Seriously. Joe's is ok but Shanghai Asian Manor is at least as good (maybe a little better) and you don't have to wait. That's as much of a no brainer as I can think of.Obviously get the XLB. Check out the rice cakes with pork and pickled cabbage too. It's a shanghainese classic and they make it well. Stop going to Joe's.
One of the best Chinese food places in Chinatown. Pros:-diverse menu (dim sum, large plates, noodle soup, fried rice, stir fried noodles, cold dishes, soup, etc) -hot tea is provided! (Great for the cold winter days)-it's a really busy restaurant but waiters still refill your tea when it's empty/pay attention to you-the food is amazing and decently priced!! -the restroom was actually pretty clean and they had two!! HaCons:-if you come with a large group, there will probably be a wait (we only had two people so had no wait but shared a table with another couple) Their soup dumplings were one of the best I've had and it's only $5.75! They also had great green onion pancakes and noodles. I'm definitely coming back here to try more of their dim sum food!
Best dumpling place I know in NYC, I've been there close to 10 times in one year.My favorites: the soup dumplings, the sechuan wontons (mmmh), pork and broccoli.It is very cheap, service is fast. Try it, you'll thank me later.
Amazing juicy soup dumplings! Arguably better than some of the other soup dumpling places in Chinatown  (ex: Joe Shanghai). Apart from soup dumplings, this place has a lot of other delicious dishes. I also highly recommend their hot and sour soup, which is surprisingly filled with a lot of vegetables and meat. If you are looking for a great Shanghainese food experience in the heart of Chinatown, check out this restaurant.
Oh my gosh, I love this place so much. Hands down my favourite Chinese in Manhattan.I usually just stick to dumplings....the tiny steamed soup dumplings are amazing. Almost as good as Din Tai Fung. They also have a special - black truffle soup dumplings....which are super luxe, and definitely worth it. Spicy Schezuan wonton is delicious as well - as is the yong chow fried rice. Oh, and the har gow! I've yet to try anything I didn't like here. The prices are great value as well. 2 of us usually walk out both with a belly stuffed full of dumplings for around the $45 mark including tax and tip. Service is fairly typical of any place in Chinatown...but I feel like they do try a little more than other places. The wait can be a bit long - last time we tried we came by on a Friday night around 8 and there was a 40 minute wait. If that's the case, you should head round the corner to their sister restaurant on Elizabeth Street and see what the wait is like there. Same food, same prices...and the service is actually a lot better in my opinion. They just tend to close earlier, and it is smaller. But with a 40 minute wait at Asian Manor we walked around the corner and got a table straight away at Asian Cuisine.
So excited to come here because of all the reviews and friend's recommendation. Recommend the pork soup dumplings, rice cakes with shredded pork and preserved vegetables, and maybe the beef lo mein. Overall, I was disappointed by their pork and bamboo dish and lion's head. Pork Soup Dumplings (3.4): It's tasty enough, but not the best in town. So I would recommend it because it won't disappoint.Rice Cakes with Shredded Pork and Preserved Vegetables (4): I liked it, but only becuase I haven't had preserved vegetables for a long time. Some friends at my table on the other hand didn't like the texture of the rice cakes.Garlic Water Cress (3): Not bad, but there's way better ones around chinatown.Beef lo mein (3.5): In comparison to their other dishes, this was good. I think it was either beef lo mein or beef stir fry noodles that I got. It's whatever a lot of customers get. it was pretty decent.Lion's Head (2): my friends loved it, but I found it way too salty and muddled in soy sauce. Pork and Bamboo Dish (2): Again, too salty and muddled in soy sauce.Overall, I'm disappointed by Shanghai Asian Manor because they seem to just cook every dish with an extra cup of soy sauce so everything tasted like.. soy sauce and taht was about it.
BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!It's always disappointing when you spend your last dollar on food and it's not any good. I'm not an expert on Chinese food, but I know Shanghai Asian Manor is far from good. The red bean pancakes that I ordered were not only overly sweet, but soggy as well. My vegetarian fried rice lacked flavor, and the dumplings....not worth talking about. Yes, you get some shitty bang for your pretty buck, but honestly I'd rather spend more $$$ for better food.
We walked in less than an hour before close. Felt a bit rushed and never had a server that made sure we were comfortable and had all we needed. Food was okay particularly the sesame chicken. I think we'll be trying somewhere else next time.
Pan fried pork buns-bad. Chunk of compact meatball inside. Dry and unauthentic. Crab and pork soup dumplings-delicious. Tasty soup. Thin dumpling skin. Juicy pork. Mild and sufficient taste of crab. Shanghai fried rice-average. Not too oily. Lots of pork. Braised lion head with vegetables-above average. A little salty. Tender vegetables. Fat shiitake mushrooms. Tasty lion heads. The sauce is a little thick and too much.
Great, small place with yummy dumplings. They offer vegetarian dumplings, which are hard to find in some places. They are very busy and we shared a table with another group. Food was quickly brought to table as it came out. Would definitely recommend if you love dumplings and pork buns.
A Chinese buddy of mine recommended it. It lived up to his billing. Modern decor, helpful staff. Mixed crowd of Asian and non.Fantastic dumplings. Very good shredded beef.We liked the look of the whole cooked fish. Looks great. Next time!Good for a Sunday feast with friends.
Sooo disappointing. 2 out of our 3 dishes tasted like bland garbage that any amateur home chef could cook up from literally scraps. Jellyfish was the only decent tasting dish. You're way better off waiting in line for Joes Shanghai. At 9:30 on a Thurs, a soup took 30 mins to make. Then after that, our 2nd appetizer arrived. Awesome. Descriptions of food in English are inaccurate, which you come to find out when the food arrives and is missing ingredients the menu indicated. Waiter doesn't understand the English words so he gets the "manager", who is rude and tells me I don't understand what "tripe" is. He says its tofu. We all know it's not. Maybe the soup buns are decent enough, but I don't want to risk it after my awful $38 for a soup and 2 cold appetizers.
Amazing amazing.... I don't usually go back to the same restaurant nyc as I love trying new places but this one is an exception. I went back so many times already and it's just so good!!
Good food. I always get an order of xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Even before I sit down I put in an order because it takes a while to make. We also usually get an order of the Kau Fu, which is glutinous skin-like cold appetizer.
I came here with a bunch of friends for dinner after scavenging CT for a good place. Thanks yelp! And being that it was new year's eve, the place was packed, although we were seated within 10 mins. The friends and I shared soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, rock shrimp, and a chicken entree. The prices are fairly reasonable, but compared to other restaurants in the area, this place is definitely pricier.We had to ask for white rice at an extra charge. I can never understand when rice doesn't come with an entree meant to be eaten with rice.The dishes themselves were delish, I recommend ordering the soup dumplings just because you shouldn't past that up. The soup in the dumplings is sweeter compared to those I've tried in Chinatown. Also, if you opt for the rock shrimp, just know that the candied walnuts that come with them are so drool-worthy. My friends and I still dream about them to this day.I think what made this a memorable night was their BYOB policy. Yes! We checked with our waiter and he approved our bottle of sake. He was kind enough to bring us glasses and joked around with us. No corkage fee too! It was such a lovely way to end our dinner.
The xiao long baos at Shanghai Asian Manor are incredible! In comparison to din tai fung and every other Chinese place I've had XLBs at, these bad boys were HUGE.  So big that the soup spoon you're supposed to use to catch the soup was too small!  My heart sank a bit each time a drop of the soup fell out of the spoon and into my plate.  We had an order of the pork and one of the crab. The pork ones tasted amazing with tons of soup in each dumpling. The crab dumplings were like no other XLBs I've ever had. REAL crabmeat with a ton of flavor. None of this imitation bs!  As a visitor to NYC, I asked my friend who is a local if it'd be a good idea to go to Joes for xlb since they have so many reviews. He told me go here instead and I don't regret it one bit.  I would definitely recommend this place over any other for XLBs and would come back again for sure.
Wonderful food great service wonderful management highly recommend ! Try the Chilean sea bass veggies dumpling and scallion pancake . Great!!
I got to say, this is by far the best dimsum spot in Chinatown. I've had my fair share of disappointments  in Chinatown but this one was different. I was hesitant to enter but the yelp reviews and the crowd inside the restaurant made the choice easy for me. First of all the green dim sum was an eye catcher, it's the watercress dumplings so had to get one and it was DELICIOUS!  The other dplings started coming in later and it was great one after the other. I also had the watercress and mushroom dish which is in the picture, somehow I couldn't finish that because it d a lot of sauce in it but it was good. Later I ordered the sautéed pork and bamboo shoots, that dish was ok I would say but I managed to finish it. This spot is definitely for dimsums I would say. Next time I'm just sticking to dimsums.. The servers overs there didn't have the typical Chinese attitude, they spoke well English and manage to explain and recommend very well. I give props to the manager or owner for hiring good well sponsor servers. It's a nightmare when you walk into these restaurants and have to guess what you ordered. Since Chinatown being a tourist spots, all restaurants ought to have servers that speak ok English and be able to explain the menu. Enjoy the dim sum!!!
Solid Shanghainese food.  Loved that I could order online for pickup.  Very convenient.
I have been here several times this year.  It is my go to place for soup dumplings.  They also have a minced beef with tofu noodle dish that is delicious.  Service is decent.The place is crowded during lunch, but you probably won't have to wait for a table if you get there before 12:15.
LOVEEDDDD THE PORK XIAO LONG BAO pork and shrimp xiao long bao is like 3.5/5 for me and not worth the money compared to the pricing of the pork xiao long baoAlso ordered the szechuan wonton and I thought it was a bit too sweet. Overall the dishes were on the sweeter side. Scallion Pancake and the Sesame Chicken was okay scallion pancake to me was a bit thin and sesame chicken it tasted pretty okay
I went here with my family when I visited NYC. I have to say that their food was extremely delicious! We ordered the pork soup dumpling and I really like it. I have to say that they are better and cheaper than the ones in Boston unfortunately. This is one of those dishes that I have to try when I go to Shanghainese-type restaurants just to taste the difference. Additionally, we also ordered the Kau Fu (a vegetarian cold dish) and that was good too. It was my first time eating it and my sister-in-law recommended it to me. The flavors and marinated sauce was almost perfect, I couldn't stop eating it. It may look weird when you first see it, but don't judge the book by it's cover...is really good.  Our main course was the shredded pork and preserved vegetables with rice cakes (fried, not in soup) and this was great also. The rice cakes was moist enough to chew without having to struggle. I have plenty of rick cake dishes where it was too dry and chewy which makes it hard to enjoy. In this case, the texture was good and I was able to enjoy it. Overall, I really like the restaurant and would definitely come back when I visit again. The food and service was good so I can't ask for more. Just to warn you guys that it will get busy and noisy but this shouldn't stop you from eating here. Also, the minimum is $20 if you want to use credit cards. I just made it by 0.09 cents when I used mines.. :p
One of the few restaurants in Chinatown where communication isn't a problem, service is prompt, and credit cards are accepted. There ain't much decor and the staff are young but pleasant. Came in for lunch with a Chinese-Mexican-German American friend from college and tried the xlb or Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) for the first time and they were good!! I liked the shrimp ones the most. We also got the Shanghai style Drunken Chicken which is a cold dish and I've never had it before. It was different nothing like I've ever had before but not bad. Chicken was tender and came out with the skin still on as well. Personally I would come here only for the Soup Dumplings as my knowledge in Shanghainese food is very limited. Not a bad place to grab a lunch with a friend but be sure to come early as it started to get busy past 12pm with tourists and the lunch crowd!!
This is my go to place for Chinese food. It's really close to where I live and their service is quick, plus it's cheap! My favorite dishes are the fish fillet w/ veggies and the shanghai noodles! Their Chinese pizza is the best! It's really thin and crispy, probably my favorite Chinese pizza I've had at a restaurant.
This was my go to soup dumpling place, but now I don't know if I'll go back here anymore.The food is still pretty good. Not amazing, but better than Joe's Shanghai and more spacious. However, I recently went and they decreased their portion sizes significantly. Instead of 8 soup dumplings you get 6 and all the other dumpling that used to be 6 in one order is now 4. What's worse is that the prices stayed exactly the same. Raise prices if you have to, but don't decrease portion sizes and not lower the price .Also never get their fried shrimp with fruit sauce. 8 pieces of shrimp for $18.25 is absolutely ridiculous. Will never make that mistake again.
While I hate to give a less than stellar review of any restaurant on Yelp (let alone of a dumpling), my experience with Asian Manor was resoundingly mediocre.I ordered at the lunch hour off of Seamless and was surprised that it took over an hour when they estimated 30-45 minutes. When I arrived in my lobby to meet the delivery guy he yelled 'delivery' loudly several times for me before handing over my food (garnering unnecessary looks from the enormous security desk); he was extremely rushed and not at all friendly. The food did not in fact save the day as the pork soup dumplings were borderline inedible...so soggy that you were unable to pick them up with a fork, chopsticks, or even your fingers without them breaking. The pork inside the soup dumplings was bland and barely seasoned, disappointing considering this is their famed dish. The regular pork dumplings were solid, juicy and flavorful and although not my favorite I wouldn't mind ordering them again. Both sets came surrounded by sad and stinky, wilted cabbage which was a big turnoff before you even start eating. Why bother with a garnish if it's so painfully uninviting? We also orders scallion pancakes which were standard and fairly tasty, perhaps even my favorite part of the meal. Well I can't see why after 455 reviews this place is so well rated, by reading carefully I can see that the most of the negative feedback comes from delivery orders. If you're going to give Asian Manor a shot I would suggest dining in, and reap the benefits of their fantastic prices, and I guess, better than average dumplings...
Unpopular Opinion - I had such high hopes for Shanghai!!!!!! The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) here are soooo beyond mediocre, barely any flavor or salt. Took my boss here to see if it's better than Shanghai Cafe (100 Mott). Unfortunately, we got the WGT (White Girl Treatment) :( Our food took over 40 minutes to come out, it was totally cold, underseasoned and just blah. Oh well.Pros: strong brewed tea, constantly refilled. Hot and sour soup was yummy. They take credit cards. The service was good (couple of high school aged boys) but too slow for the lunch rush.Shanghai Cafe still reigns supreme. Sorry :)
We had eleven people at a family dinner here, and the hot, delicious food came quickly.  The restaurant was noisy and made conversation a challenge.  They don't accept reservations, but arriving just at 5:00 on Sunday, we were accommodated in the rapidly filling restaurant.  Loved the soup dumplings, the crispy duck and the cashew chicken, and all of our dishes were well prepared.  By the time we departed, a line had formed, so I'd arrive early at this terrific spot.
This is our go to spot every time we have a craving for soup dumplings, because we know that there is an army of yummy appetizers here.But before I get started on those, the one item that is the holy grail for me on their menu is the hot and spicy soup. It is a simple soup that is offer at every Chinese restaurant that became very mainstream, but the one here have become my preference. There is the perfect combination of spicy ness and sourness, with a mixture of meat, tofu, egg and bamboo shoot. (Most restaurants make their soup too sour.)The soup dumpling is always perfect, and the shanghai noodles is a good main course with a mixture of udon noodles for the texture and perfect combination of meat with veggies.
From the moment we walked in the service was great, when we ordered the food didnt take long to come. As a cook, I am very critical about food and these guys exceeded my taste bud's expectations! The waiters were attentive everyone just loved the food, it was delicous.... if ever back in N.Y. I would definitely come back!  Thanks guys for such a wonderful experience!!
Hopefully you've avoided the hordes of anxious diners waiting outside the tourist trap that is Joe's Shanghai and have successfully made it alive to Shanghai Manor.  Congrats! You'll be happy to know that you are about to indulge in one of the most delectable things on God's green earth; soup dumplings, otherwise known as xiao long bao. After you've been seated, you're going to want to order the Crab Soup Dumplings... Immediately. Order a few of them because you won't be sharing. A few steamers will arrive shortly containing eight delicate dumplings filled with piping hot broth bursting with flavor. Following proper xiao long bao etiquette will ensure you don't burn your tongue and that you'll actually be enjoying the soup portion of the dumpling. Continue to eat mass amounts of the soup dumplings until full - you're here for one thing and one thing only. It's just as well, the rest of the food is only decent.
The service was amazing. First we said 4 people then we changed to 6 and the hostess was nice about it and updated us when our table would be ready and when our whole party had to be there. She even plugged in my dying iPhone while we waited to be seated reviving it back from 2% to 20% battery life lol. Crucial for yelping photos and checking in. The food. Gotta get the soup dumplings no doubt, that's why I came. Only $5.25 for 6 dumplings! The Chilean seabass is just perfection, worth every dollar. The spare ribs are over sauced, maybe ask for less sauce it might taste better!
In my years going to the different Shanghainese restaurants in NYC, I had yet to taste a bad "Xiao Long Bao" (aka Soup Dumpling) in the 5 boroughs .... and Shanghai Asian Manor continues that trend and delivers big time with their take on Shanghainese food.My girlfriend and I decided to drop in on a frigid and frosty Friday evening at 6pm and the restaurant was jam-packed. Luckily, she secured a table 15 minutes prior to my arrival at the spot or else we would have had to join the growing wait inside .... or worse off outside in Arctic! The menu was similar to many Shanghainese restaurants we'd been to in Chinatown so we went with our typical (and nothing wrong with that) favorites:Cold Dish Combo For the cold dish combo, we were allowed to select 3 cold dish appetizers from a list. We went with the Kau Fu, Jelly Fish and Vegetarian Mock Dock, which are all must-have favorites of ours. Let's just say our meal got off to a awesome start with these 3 dishes combined onto 1 plate. It was a bit steep at $19, but the flavors on them were excellent, some of the best I had from any restaurant. I loved the sauce on the Kau Fu, texture of the Jelly Fish and freshness of the Mock Dock --- all resulting in perfect flavoring.Wonton Szechuan StyleThis is something I normally don't order, but going to get from now! There were 8 sizable wontons in the order combined with Szechuan sauce. The sauce wasn't spicy, but had the slightest of kicks to it, which was just right. Note: There's a ton of sauce in the bowl and, if possible, keep it so that you can dip your other food from other dishes into it. Re-using sauce for other dishes is always a good idea!Shanghai Style Pan-Fried Noodles Nothing crazy spectacular here, but the noodles were very tasty. Little greens here, a bit of cabbage there and a good amount of chicken spread about. A bit greasy for some, but fine with us. It's Shanghainese food, a bit a grease is expected!Soup DumplingsWhat everyone comes here for ... and for that matter to any Shanghainese restaurant for. If you're not going to order Soup Dumplings at a Shanghainese restaurant you're really wasting your time. As for the ones served here, very good. Like the noodles, there wasn't anything out of the ordinary for us, which is not a bad thing. The order came with 6 dumplings, all delicious, soupy and oohhh so good. In freezing temperatures, like the evening we went, it was the perfect soup for the soul.As mentioned, the restaurant was very crowded on Friday evening. The restaurant is not huge, but it's not small either. The fact that it was crowded might have hurt service a bit as we had to ask for our tea to be refilled. A customer should never have to ask for anything to be refilled because that is when the wait for your cup to be refilled has exceeded the "way too long" point. Despite that one knock, the food was excellent and just what we needed!
It's hard to find a decent place for soup dumplings. This pace has good soup dumplings.  I live the black truffle soup dumplings.  The scallion pancakes are not traditional but they're but bad.  They have a nice crisp outer layer.  I took out one star because of the wait and there was a fly flying around, I could not eat comfortably because it kept flying to me and our food. Also, it is cash or AMEX only.
first time to NY, and we yelped for some dim sum to walk to from brooklyn bridge.  we made it just before lunch time on a saturday and were seated right away.  when we left, there were groups outside waiting for tables.  we only ordered three items from their dim sum menu (shrimp dumplings,steamed tiny buns w/ pork, and pan-fried wontons).  between two girls on an adventure, it was just enough for both of us to finish.  everything was deliciously amazing!thanks for the great food and service.
I read great reviews for this place on Yelp, so I figured it wouldn't hurt to swing by before leaving to the airport to go home. We came on a Sunday afternoon and the wait was only 20 minutes (surprisingly), I don't even think we waited the entire 20 minutes, we were seated much quicker than we'd anticipated. This was a clean and spacious little gem in Chinatown, service was not terrible either. My husband and I shared the crab and pork soup dumplings, the shrimp and chive dumplings (the wrapper was green!), and the Szechuan wontons. We went to Joe's Shanghai last time and it didn't live up to the hype. However, my husband loved the crab and pork soup dumplings at Shanghai Asian Manor, but my favorite were the Szechuan style wontons - the sauce is to die for! Super delicious and well worth the trouble getting to Chinatown to have a taste.
Having come to this store for more than 5 years, I absolutely love their service and dishes! If you are in Chinatown, there is no better place for Shanghai tasting food.We always start off the order with two servings of their xiao long baos/pork buns (4 people) because those are their signature dish and they are phenomenal. The quality and consistency of the soup and meat in the buns are never a disappointment. Since wine chicken (dark meat part)  is my favorite dish, I absolutely always have to get an order of it with a side of kao fu. Its definitely an acquired taste, but the wine mixes so well with the taste of the meat which results in such deliciousness.If you do not plan on trying the wine chicken or kaofu,  you can should definitely get an order of the cold noodles with sesame sauce. The noodles mixed with the peanuty sesame sauce is also a must try.As a main course, we also always order their rice cake dish which is always soft and not too oily. It tastes very healthy and a must get. For dessert, my grandma loves to get the red bean paste pancake. It is by far the best dessert here. Warm and toasty, it melts in your mouth and leaves u wanting more.
I haven't had Xiao Long Bao for a while and went on a quest to find some in Chinatown.  I got the Pork ones and they were soo good.  The skin is thin and only a couple had leaks in it.  The broth was very flavorful without being salty. I also picked up some scallion pancakes and they were thin and crispy. I mean very crispy.  One of the crispiest I've eaten without being burnt. The restaurant is very roomy and I wouldn't consider it a hole in the wall, but it had prices of it.  I would go back to try their other dishes.
Good place for Shanghai food. Fast service. Tip: there usually is a line but it's worth the wait. I would come back here again. Lots of good dishes to select from.
Birthday 2017 calls for Shanghainese soup dumplings as comfort food with family.  Shanghai Asian Manor has been on my Yelp bookmark for an eternity and a celebratory event calls for a visit for brunch.   Tuesday morning no wait for a table, no rush to eat, no bill dumped onto your table to usher you out the door, and surely no sticky reside on the table upon being seated.Shanghainese soup dumplings 小籠包 xiao long bao (siu2 lung4 baau1) - 6 pcs; $5.25Juicy and the skin was good consistency.Har Gow 蝦餃 (haa1 gaau2) - 4 pcs; $4.50Fresh and large shrimp embedded and the skin was not too thick.Shredded Pork Pickled Veggie Noodle Soup 雪菜肉絲麵 wo1 daan2 min5 ci4 ngau4 juk6 (xuě cài ròu sī miàn) $6Shared among two which there were too much seaweed and insufficient vegetables.  The flat noodles was solid and the broth was not too induced to MSG.  A soup ladle is provided which signify an upscale restaurant setting as a serving spoon.Restroom facility is clean but only one that serves the entire restaurant, thus watch your time and be mindful of your usage for the next person.  There is a Dyson Airblade V for a hand dryer.  Customer service is attentive.  The outside store front displays the menu and the prices.  The interior walls contain large photos of various Shanghaiese staples close-up as Lo Mein 撈麵 and Chinese Drunken Chicken 醉雞 which entices you to order.  Price is reasonable depending on the dish ordered.  Business cards are available for grabs.Note:  American Express and cash accepted only.  A sign displayed "please do not remove the chopsticks from the tables, if you would like to keep them you can purchase a pair for $3."
Found out this is their other location...same as the one I've been going to in Flushing (Shanghai cuisine 33) so there's not going to be any disappointment here. Came around 3 pm on a Saturday for lunch and were seated right away (got the last table available). Ordered our usual, soup dumplings, pan-fried pork dumplings and beef with rice cakes. This place seemed to be a little smaller and more crowded than the other one because it's in the city and most of their customers are tourists but the flavor and portion for the rice cakes is actually better here. Everything was delicious as always and it's great that they have 2 locations where I can visit whether I'm in Flushing or Chinatown.When you have a soup dumpling or Shanghainese food craving, definitely give 1 of these 2 places a try!
Highly: pork and crab XL, Shanghai Lo Mein with shrimp and mixed meat and the scallion pancake. All so good. Service is pretty fast and friendly; they don't rush you out especially since there's always a wait. I've been there twice and I've waited 30-40 mins both times.
My husband and I came hungry to this fine establishment and had to wait about 40 minutes (we got there at 6:30pm.) It isn't the biggest place but it's big enough. We got about 6 dishes as per below:Pan fried pork dumplings 9/10Steamed pork dumplings (soup dumplings) 8/10Wonton Szechuan Style 9.5/10Steamed Tiny Buns w/ Pork 7/10. Least favorite. Beef and broccoli 9/10My favorites were the wonton dumplings and then pan fried dumplings. Delicious. Beef and broccoli also was amazing.Honestly everything we had was great you cannot go wrong.  Come hungry!
"This is soooooooo gooood" is what I kept saying on repeat while as I was eating. After waiting 20minutes for a table for 2, we decided on the following:-Pork Soup Dumplings (6 for $5.25), the broth was a little thin, less rich and fatty which I tend to favor  -Shanghai Lo Mein ($8.75) outstanding, thick noodles and delicious-Beef & Broccoli ($15.20) shockingly the best thing we triedThese 3 dishes were the perfect amount for 2, it came out to about $39 with tip. The only reason this gets 4 and not 5 stars was because I wasn't blown away as expected by the soup dumplings.The over 900 reviews with a strong 4 stars makes perfect sense.
I have come here to eat the past two times I came to New York City, and have enjoyed the food both visits. It's a small little restaurant in Chinatown, and you might have to wait a little bit before you get seated.I have had the scallion pancakes, shrimp and soup dumplings as well as the chicken & broccoli and sweet & sour chicken. All were very good. I also tried the shrimp fried rice which was good, and certainly different than your average Chinese food takeout restaurant. The only thing I was disappointed with is that the rice did not come with the entree orders. You had to order that separately. Overall, the prices were pretty reasonable given that it's NYC, and I would definitely eat here again if I come back to Chinatown.
Soup Dumplings always get me in the door. Love it but I'm never a fan of the soy sauce black vinegar dipping sauce.  If it's busy here then I'll go to Shanghai Cafe (which is mediocre). This is one of the best Shanghai places to go ion Chinatown. It's actually one of my favorite place.Sometimes there is a wait for tables but it's quick service and good food. I usually get the soup dumplings and pan fried (crispy) noodles.
Great place to come for typical Asian food in Chinatown. The service is ok. The food is great, the taste if superb. Ordered Chicken with Eggplants, Tofu with Pork, and Shanghai Xiao Long Bao. They were great. Definitely worth coming to this place for lunch/dinner!
I can't believe I didn't write review about this restaurant since I've been here a lot of times already & this is our go to spot everytime we crave for soup dumplings or xiao long bao. My bf is the one who introduce me to this place long time ago. Most filipinos go downstairs of this spot but not a lot of us know theirs so much better upstairs. Its hard to get a table for more than a party of 4. I observed they have 2 big tables that can fit more than 4 people but other than that theirs tables for regular group like 2 to 4. This place is not that big so dinner time we usually wait. I went one time with 5 people & waited 30 mins or more. Hard if you have kids with you coz they don't have waiting area & just wait outside. It can easily get pack. They accept cash or american express only. For the food the soup dumplings or xiao long bao (crab or pork) is delicious! The soup itsef is so flavorful. We usually get a lot of appetizer & maybe 2 main dish. Try this tip & you will save $$$. Most of their appetizer price range between $1 to 3 so why not try all their appetizer especially for big party. We get shrimp siomai, scallion pancake, wonton in chili sauce, salt & pepper squid, porkchop & pan fried crispy noodles with meat or seafood. All of this is delicious! Trust me. Haha. This are usually my favorite. I'm not a big fan pf their cold dishes. Good service & delicious food!
Personally, I am not a big fan of dumplings but their soup dumpling is AMAZING! I usually order pork and crab soup dumplings and shrimp shumai and they are sooo good. I also recommend wuxi spareribs with white rice. This place is affordable and pretty authentic I would say. One of my fav restaurants in NYC:)p.s They now only accept cash or American Express credit card so if you are planning to visit this place, keep this in mind!
Out of all of the Shanghainese restaurants we ate at during our time in New York, this place was my favorite! I feel like most of the hype was at Joe's Shanghai, but this place is even better! There was air conditioning, we were seated right away, and our food came out fast. We had the pan fried noodles, spicy wontons, black truffle soup dumplings, and the braised beef noodle soup. The first three exceded my expectations! The pan fried noodles were covered in sauce that was very flavorful, but still had a nice crunch to it in the middle. The spicy wontons were great too because I don't like spicy food, but really liked the spices they incorporated in this dish. Very mild and chewy. The most life changing thing for me was the soup dumplings. SO. BOMB! I like these dumplings way better than Din Tai Fung's or Joe's because of the flavor you get from the soup. The dough wasn't too thick and the black truffles added a nice hint of flavor to the whole thing. The braised beef noodle soup was very different from other braised beef noodle soups we had in the past. The broth reminded me of one you would make for wonton soup. It was still good, but I think we were expecting the typical braised beef soup you would get from other Shanghai restaurants. Pricing was very reasonable, maybe a little bit more than Joe's, but totally worth it. I would fly back to NYC just for this restaurant!
There's pretty much always a wait outside the restaurant but it goes by quick and is definitely worth waiting for. The service is also very fast. After placing our order it came out in less than 5 minutes. Their kitchen is really on top of itWe had the xlb and the skin was super thin and tender, with the inside being loaded with soup and fresh pork meat. Definitely different from the soup dumplings im used to having in flushing with the same price point. We also ordered the pork buns that were super fluffy and had the signature flavor of pork buns I'd get from street vendors with my grandma growing up. The scallion pancake was also pretty good. Not greasy but crisp and fresh. The shanghai panfried noodle wasnt what i was expecting but maybe i just pointed to the wrong thing on the menu?? It was a super americanized menu to cater the tourists and white people that flock to this restaurant from work in the area. So what I thought i was getting was the udon noodle with beef and bok choy. But what i got was a thin noodle with sauce poured over it and various veggies/shrimp/beef. Not sure if it was my fault or the wrong order was translated to the kitchen but we ate it and it was good enough to satisfy us. Side note- if you like their fancy chopsticks and you want to steal them its $3 a pair. The table next to us stole all 4 pairs of chopsticks after one of the waiters stopped them at the door for stealing chopsticks after seeing them gone from the table settings. So that was awkward.
Best soup dumplings!!! Better than joes Shanghai. I would come here any day over joes.
This is where you go for the best soup dumplings.Nan Xiang in Flushing quickly fell to #2 when I moved to LES and discovered this gem. I always order the crab and pork soup dumplings, and while both places do it well, I frequently find small pieces of crab shell in the ones from Nan Xiang.
Pros: amazing soup dumplings & Shanghai pan fried noodles! Con: mediocre serviceBut I still like to bring friends here for the food & my go to when I can't decide what to eat
First visit to New York and had to go Chinatown of course. I heard New York had the best Chinese food and I was not disappointed at this restaurant which we found by asking a local guy who was very thoughtful and helpful in recommending it. I have been to Shanghai and had soup dumplings but never ones with black truffles! They were amazing. And the pork Shanghai lo mein was perfect. Large portion. Enough to share at $8. Especially also sharing soup dumplings. I would definitely go here again.
Good food! Can't beat the prices. Recommend the steamed pork dumplings.There's million places to get chinese food in NYC (there's a chance that's not even an exaggeration!)The food was great, we ordered a bunch of dim sum and left happy, have the pork buns!
Came here on a whim on a Sunday around noon for some dim sum, and this place did not disappoint. We had the pork soup dumplings, Szechuan wontons, and the Shanghai noodles with mixed meat. We were pleasantly surprised by how delicious everything was. The noodles were by far the best, since they were chewy, saucy, and not at all oily, unlike the noodles from similar places. The soup dumplings were fresh and flavourful without being overwhelming, and the wontons were pretty good too. We found this place by accident, but would definitely visit again.
Came here on Yelp's recommendation and I was not disappointed! My family is from Shanghai, and I've spent 5-6 summers there, so I know my Shanghainese food and this stuff was good! As everyone noted, the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes were great. Our group of 12 ordered probably 10 dishes and we liked all of them. The ones I can remember are: eggplant, sauteed green beans, mapo tofu, fried rice cake. Also, service is quite good for a Chinese restaurant. Plus, they were able to seat my group of 12 fairly quickly at 7PM on a Saturday night (peak time!). I had called a few days ahead, and they said they couldn't exactly take a reservation (typical for Chinese restaurants) but they'd put my name down. When I arrived at 7:00, they were totally full and said I may have to wait 20-25 minutes, and took my phone number - they called me 5 minutes later to say they had tables ready for us. Yay!
This is by far the best dumpling place I have eaten at. Soup dumplings are a 10/10 with their juicy and sweet broth. The outside is perfectly thin as we'llFried dumplings are also the best I've had maybe due to the sweet soy sauce Their sesame chicken is actually big pieces of chicken crisply fried w sauce and broccoli on the side. A great poportion!Service is fast, the place is clean and the quality is great.
Delicious! Excellent soup dumplings, the lo Mein was flavorful and the noodles just right. Loved the crunch and sauce of the schezuan beef. Good food, good atmosphere and good pricing.  I Just keep coming back and so will you.
Food: only thr dumplings are good, oyher dishes are averageService: you have to beg, and beg a few times to refill your tea. Ask for something, they tell you later and then forget it. Ask for the bill, they will forget too. Ask for bill a few times and they will brimg it for you. But once you put down the money and ready to leave, they will be over as quick as possible amd count the money. Where is this speed when they suppose to serve me.  Worse off, leave them less tip for the bad service, they will ask you to leave more tip. All in all, you are no customer, you are just their money bag that dont deserves respect. Tip: avoid this place. Otherwise prepare to be disrespected and have to pay for the disrespect. Only come here if being disrespected is your thing and be happy to pay for it.
This place is awesome! !!! Staff is great!  Fast quick and efficient! ! Beef broccoli, Kung pao chicken,  Sesame Chicken,  fried rice,  dumpling app and red bean pan cake all were amazing!!!!! Look for my pictures!
Worth the wait! Delicious dumplings and mixed vegetables, authentic shanghai cuisine plus great options for vegetarians and vegans.
I primarily went here because I was in Chinatown and had an urge for salt and pepper squid.I picked this place because it seemed like a no-nonsense... not too trendy place-but not old looking either. I am so used to salt and pepper squid that is heavy on the batter and chewy. Not so here. It was nice and light and not too chewy. Also, it came with an unusual ginger dipping sauce which was very good.I agree with another reviewer that the scallion pancakes were the best he's ever had. They were crispy and not too heavy. Many places have scallion pancakes that are like oily dough with scallions.I think this was the first time I ever had soup buns AKA soup dumplings. We got the pork... so very good! Next time crab!!!The chicken and corn soup was also very good.Place was clean and service was good. Prices very reasonable.Definitely will return!!!!
UGH SO GOOD!!! My family went here after we were so over the wait at Joe's Shanghai and proceeded to get a shitload of food as typical Asian families do. We had the fried noodles (which were a lot like udon noodles), the mock duck, dumplings, veggie dumplings, the chinese watercress/enoki mushroom dish, some mustard green/tofu skin/pork soup, and some other stuff.I can only speak to the vegetarian dishes but I was soooo happy and satisfied. I don't know if it's that I haven't had Chinese food in a while and I was just so excited, but I am pretty sure it was all very good. None of us had any complaints. The veggie dumplings were okay - I don't remember them much. The udon noodles wree great, but I really loved the mock duck and the watercress/mushroom dish. I kept helping myself to the veggies, thinking, I'm vegetarian, I can eat as much as I want since everyone else has everything else to eat. It was sooo good. And the mock duck was super good too! It's not at all like duck. It's soy-sauce seasoned tofu skin wrapped around a mix of shiitake mushrooms. It's just slightly sweet, which was really nice; I don't always like Shanghainese food because it can be way too sweet for my tastes.I actually thought it was a pretty nice restaurant, so I'm surprised to read the other reviews. It's not a place you'd have a banquet, but much more than a hole-in-the-wall.I left a happy camper and cannot wait to go back this weekend!! Mock duck and vegetables for meee!!
The soup dumplings are key in warming you up! It's a shorter wait than ramen and cheaper. The broth is a harmony of savory and sweetness from the porky goodness. The skin is just thick enough to hold in the goodness. Scallion pancakes are fried crisp and goes so well with their homemade chili sauce. If only they will start selling their chili sauce.
Do not order delivery from this place. Delivery takes over an hour. I called after an hour to check on the status. They said the food is already on the way and would be here in a few minutes. Fifteen minutes later no food, I called again. They gave me attitude and told me it's already out for delivery but they don't know when it's going to come. Basically they said, it'll come when it'll comes.
Woo hoo! My go-to for Seamless.I've gotten almost every type of noodle on the menu, some soups, and the shrimp dumplings (most of the time dim sum to go isn't good, but this was). You can't go wrong! I wish they had honey walnut prawns, but it's OK SAM!Oh I tried those red bean pancakes. You can skip those, but you shouldn't be ordering that from here anyway!P.S. - Props and appreciation to those delivery guys when it's crazy snowy/rainy outside! Thanks for bringing me food.
It's because of Kyle W. that I'm now addicted to Shanghai Asian Manor. This is where I go, when I have a craving for xiao long bao. The skin is thin, the broth is flavorful and rich and there's a lot of meat inside. Both the plain pork and pork and crab are delicious, though I much prefer the pork only version. They have the best scallion pancakes I've had in NY. They are thin and crispy, with a good amount of scallions in there. Delicious!Their Shanghai lo mein is also really tasty. I've had it with shrimp, and with everything. There's always a good mix of everything in there, unlike other restaurants that serve mostly noodles with just a little meat and maybe some veggies. Other favorites include the walnut prawns, and salt and pepper calamari.They get bonus points for having super clean restrooms. Easily my favorite place in Chinatown. Thanks, Kyle!
Not bad--to everything. Decor, service, food, prices, menu options, are all not bad. I would definitely recommend this place if it is one of your first times in Chinatown or if you're not Chinese. Pretty authentic food without the authentically bad service and authentically dirty restaurant. Shanghai Asian Manor is a good spot in Chinatown, but don't expect to be paying as little as you would at the other spots. $22 (including tip) for just some steamed pork buns and a plate of tofu + mushrooms. I thought I was in Chiantown, not KTown.
Probably one of the cleanest looking Chinese restaurants in Chinatown !  Ordered only the pork soup dumplings that came out a few minutes after order.  The dumplings here are overloaded with soup - heavily overflowing from the spoon.  I caught the excess juices on my plate.  My girlfriend used the table.  Both work!  The wrappers are also very thin, so eating the dumplings becomes a precarious affair, but I guess all affairs are precarious.I prefer Shanghai Cafe Deluxe, but this one is fine.
The crap soup dumplings are very good, better than Joe's ShangHai's, they have more juice inside. The red beam pancakes are very good too!
Literally don't bother looking at the menu. Just get like 3 orders of steamed tiny buns with pork.
This has to be the worse Chinese food in Chinatown. The sat and pepper jumbo shrimp for $18 consists of 7 or 8 battered shrimp that was western style. Absolutely terrible. The miu cai ko ro was mediocre.  Microwaved. And it shows. The baby Shanghai bokchoy was good. Lots of MSG. Be ready to be thirsty and have a jug of water ready. Service was mediocre. Just ok.
Great spot for dim sum.  Came in right when they opened (noon) on a weekday and was glad I got there right at noon because they filled up (every table taken) soon thereafter.  Service is prompt, food is delicious.  I'd come back.
Love this place. Cute dining restaurant with asian looking seatings. Crowded on Friday nights and probably weekends so I'd say it's better to get here a little earlier. Also, if you come with a group of 4+, the wait is probably going to take you longer. Their crabmeat xiao long bao was DELICIOUSSSS. Huge, JUICY, totally yummalicious and i would prefer it over Joe's (long lines there and so touristy anyway, so why bother?) Good Shang Hai crusine with both cold and hot dishes! My friends and I ordered xiao long bao (so good!), vegetarian duck (nothing special, not recommended, the outter layer aka tofu skin? was a little too dry and hard), drunken chicken (hmmm!), si chuan spicy dumplings (they were tiny compared to the picture they showed on the menu, it was alright...) and dou miao vegetables (yummy!) The total came out to be around $30 for three people, good deal for good quality Shang hai-nese food! Service was good, the place is a little small but cozy and tend to be less touristy (a plus!) Will come again (not bothered with Joe's), good food, everything on the menu looks authentic, great prices. yummy xiao long bao = Winning!
Warms my tummy with delicious food every time, I always get xlb and rice cakes with something new to try.
3.5 stars...The restaurant is a casual eat-in type of restaurant with tables and a number of comfortable booths. They give you free hot tea as soon as you sit down, don't rush you, and you get your food quickly. You might not get the best service otherwise and have to hunt down a waitress for your check but otherwise everything is decent here.  I went with a few people and we split an order of schezwan style wontons, crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and a red bean pancake. I also got a meal of general tso's chicken. Technically speaking soup dumplings are called XiaoLongBao and are a type of bun, on their menu they just call them buns but you can ask for soup dumplings and they know what you mean. I enjoyed them but they didn't have much liquid inside, it was a good deal at $7.50 for 8. The meat was indistinguishable which was especially concerning with the crab but the flavor was good. I still prefer Joe's down the street though. The schezwan style wontons ($5.50) were delicious and spicy with a hint of sweetness, a definite winner. The red bean pancake was listed under appetizers but is actually a dessert. It was just like fried dough with hot red sugary goop on the inside. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. The general tso's chicken comes with rice and broccoli ($7). I was disappointed that they don't allow (or have?) substitutions with brown rice. Everything was cooked well and the flavor was good but the cheap gristly pieces of chicken was a major disappointment. I wouldn't rush back here but wouldn't discourage anyone from going either.
Ruined my night. Shao Long Bao- sweet-ish? not savory enough; upside- a good amount of soup, but like I said there was a sweet taste to the broth.Shanghai Rice Noodles- looked great, tasted like nothing... no flavor whatsoever.Scallion Pancake- so-so, if anything alil over cooked (too fried).Salt and Pepper Squid- like all the over food, lacking in taste and seasoning.Overall, food was edible, but I would never go there again or recommend it. 456 Shanghai is the place to go for my soup dumplings in Chinatown.
Awesome soup dumplings! Also, I was too hungry to take any pictures. For a Chinese place in new york city's chinatown it was a sorta decent place. Minus the one fly.... The xiao long baos was what we came here for and it hit our cravings just right. My boyfriend enjoyed the pork and chicken one while i liked the crab filled one. We also had the spicy wontons. MMMM so delicious. Unfortunately we didn't have time to try anything else. Would've loved to order more things from there! Would definitely recommend if you are in the area.
One of my fav places in chinatown. Always have to order the soup dumplings. I also got the scallion pancakes and deep fried noodles. There is usually a wait. I tried to go when there wont be a crowd. I went on a Thursday night and just waited 15 minutes.
Stumbled upon this place after refusing to wait 1.5 hours for Joe's and so glad I did! The soup dumplings were delicious, service was great, private seating, and wait times were super reasonable. Would definitely recommend and come again!
Favorite soup dumplings in all of NYC!!! Go in, order the Shanghai Dumplings, dont speak, gobble them up, look left, look right, order another set, gorge, leave happie. ^______________________^
After more than a handful of visits, I can confidently claim that Shanghai Asian Manor (SAM) is best Shanghainese experience in Chinatown. The best part is that SAM is still relatively new so they don't draw as much of a (tourist) crowd that some other Shanghainese restaurants along Mott/Bayard St do. With all due respect to Joe's Shanghai, Shanghai Kitchen, and Shanghai Cafe, none of them comes close to the well-rounded quality of dishes that SAM offers:To start off with the cold dishes, all are amazing in flavor and texture. From the oily Kau Fu and soft/chewy Braised Bamboo Shoots to the refreshing Vegetarian Mock Duck and salty Smoked Fish, I can easily fill myself up with combos of these dishes alone. A cold dish combo of 3 choices ($15) is perfect to share among a party of two or three.The Fish Head Casserole (for the adventurous) is loaded with ingredients such as crystal noodles, tofu, and fish meat in a hearty broth. Ever since Yeah Shanghai closed down, I was hard pressed to find another Shanghainese spot that has a comparable offering, if not as just as good, in terms of flavor and substance. This was a wonderful surprise.Even if none of these items seem desirable, the Steamed Tiny Buns with crab meat and pork (xiao long bao) are juicy and tender and the Shanghai Lo Mein are chewy and loaded with mixed veggies and shrimp or meat of choice.While I was hesitant to see yet another Shanghainese restaurant added to the existing cluster, it is exciting to see SAM cut away from the pack to be the elite of the group. Yet, I would selfishly wish that this place remains a hidden gem so I'd never have to wait for a table!
This is my second time here and I am still excited to come back here. The Xiao long bao, spicy wonton, sweet and sour soup, Shanghai noodles and scallion pancakes are all amazing! These dishes come in so much and so many flavored that your taste buds will surely be pleased.
WE WILL BE COMING BACK NEXT TIME IN TOWN!We found this restaurant on one of those must NYC try restaurant list.  We were wandering around in Chinatown and decided to give it a shot, not a big fan of Shanghai style food, maybe because I haven't discover one yet.We were lucky to arrived with the last open table, after that, it's always a line waiting to be seated.  We ordered the xiao long bao, hot and sour soup, chicken claws, jia jiang mian, szechuan style noodles, fried pork chop and the hot and spicy chicken.  EVERYTHING was good, nothing to complain about.  The Szechuan style noodle was WAYYYYY better than Totto Ramen noodle.  Yes, there were no meat in it, it's like a plain noodle soup, the broth was excellent!  we fall in love with it.  It was good we order to-go for lunch tomorrow.  The meat sauce for jia jiang mian was so flavorful, we had it pack it to go!I would have give 5 stars if the servers were more attentive, our tea cups were empty.
When faced with a 9 hour layover in NYC, I thought.... Why not go get Xiao long bao?!?! We headed here on a looooong subway ride, but it was fairly close to the canal stop on the j train. We had a short wait and ended up sharing a table with a couple of strangers, which was weird, but no big deal. We had a feast of food- Xiao long bao, fried pork dumplings, and scallion pancakes. It was all delicious and the portion sizes were large. The two of us were stuffed for 15$. The one issue was we were informed upon getting the bill that they have a 20$ min for credit cards.... That's ridiculous. I told him that the card was all I had, and they accepted it, but what a strange rule. Regardless, I would recommend this restaurant.
Came here on Christmas and it was packed. Totally worth the wait! Had chicken shu Mai (least fave), spicy beef noodle soup (very good), watercress and golden mushrooms (delicious!) and chicken with broccoli (yummy and different tasting than your standard take out). Overall, it's different than other Chinese I've had and certainly more authentic than its neighbors Hop Kee and Wo Hop.
There are two spots in chinatown worth going to: joes shanghai and this one. We showed up on a Sunday for a party of 6 and were seated pretty quickly. We went with the soup dumplings, pork dumplings, shanghai lo mein, fried rice, shrimp dumplings and scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings were by far the best dish... I highly recommend! Shanghai lo mein came in a close second. Everything else was great and also worth trying. Great place to come when you want to pig out on the cheap.
This is my go-to place for Shanghai cuisine in New York. As someone who was born and raised in Shanghai, I am very particular about my XLB! In my opinion, this place is way better than Joe Shanghai, and way less packed as well (although it still does get very busy. I have yet to come here without having to wait at least 15-20 minutes for a small party). When it comes to food, I'm a "if it ain't broke don't fix it" kinda gal, which means I enjoy coming back to the same places and ordering the same tried and true items. So when I come here, I always always always order soup dumplings. Their spicy szechuan wontons are also AMAZING, as is their scallion pancakes and sheng jian bao (what is this called in English? blackened bottom buns?) Every time I come, I want to try new items on their menu, but I never get the chance to because just those 4 dishes are enough to fill me up! One of these days I will come with a huge party and order everything on the menu. Who wants to join me?Service is actually pretty great for a Chinatown restaurant (you know what I mean).
Best sweet and sour chicken my mom and I have ever had! Right texture with the meat, perfect crust, and a delectable sauce. My hot and sour soup was excellent too! Warning: their servings are big; we ordered three entrees to share between us too and it was way too much.
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.  Came here for a family dinner before my brother went back to college and I'd recommend all the dishes we had:Pork Soup DumplingsCrab Soup DumplingsSalt and Pepper Squid - different way of cooking the batter which I liked better than other placesPan Fried Beef noodlesJelly Fish Pickled CucumbersWuxi Spareribs - the sauce was great and the meat was super tenderChinese Broccoli Minus one star for the servers being slightly confused and forgetting some of the dishes we ordered, but they were very pleasant in resolving the situation.Would come back again for sure.
The Xiao Long Bao is excellent. Has a lot of soup inside but at least isn't scalding when you get it. Two types: regular pork or pork with crab roe. Both are a great choice. The four seasons beans are good but they didn't give much minced pork & quite light on the sauce. The jellyfish was just ok. The chicken with crystal noodles & sesame sauce was a huge hit!The squid in salt & pepper came with some weird sauce which we didn't use and was fine without. The half roasted duck was very dry & nothing special. Beef with Chinese celery and tofu was really good. Even friends who are fussy on Chinese food liked it!The staff are friendly & helpful. Def a place to come back to!
So far, this place has not failed me with their friendly service and delicious food. It's certainly a place I can count on for complete satisfaction. Tonight, I ordered ma po tofu and a crispy yellow fish with sweet and sour sauce dish and both were stellar in taste and freshness. The fish skin was crispy but the inside was flaky, which was perfect. Ma po tofu wasn't too spicy either.  Xiao long baos were ah -mazing and it appears that they have gotten bigger as well. While this restaurant attracts more tourists than locals, the manager and staff treat all of the patrons with equal friendliness and respect, which is something you don't quite often experience in Chinatown.That's why, it deserves a one star promotion from 4 to 5 stars! Congrats!
Most people usually go to Shanghai restaurants for the soup pork buns (aka soup dumplings).This place has the best pork/crab soup dumplings out of the popular places in Chinatown/Flushing/Elmhurst... better than Joe's and Nan Xiang... so go try it!The branch in flushing is not the same, the one on Mott is amazing when I went.
This is my go-to for soup dumplings! I always have the same waiter, I recognize him, but he doesn't recognize me, he probably hates me but I love him! I take all my American friends here to experience my heritage. They are confused on soup in a dumpling, but then we eat them together and then they understand.
Not the best Shanhainese in Chinatown. Soup dumplings' skin too thin, flavor inside is not bad. Noodle soup is just ok. Everything else is mediocre. Will not come back. Best Shanghainese is still in flushing no doubt.
5 stars for the XLB.  Agree with everyone saying it beats Joe's.  The crab meat taste is permeating in the broth which I enjoyed very much.  I also think theirs is soupier which is messy but yummy.But the other items we ordered were subpar at best.  I am going to blame myself for not ordering the right things, and will give them another try.Sechuan dumplings - not spicy enough for me.Yellow wish with chilli sauce, way too sweet.  Can't enjoy it much.Shanghai noodle - pretty decent but this one is hard to mess up.Definitely very clean for ctown standard.  They need to work on insulating the wind out.  It's really cold inside the restaurant.  Service is very cordial but very slow.  During peak dinner hours, their workers are eating at the back table.  I don't want people to work hungry but that's quite interesting to see in a chinese restaurant.
A friend and I went here for dinner. It wasn't terrible. It just did nothing to distinguish itself from the hundreds of other similar places.We had soup dumplings, which were on the bland side; and some oyster mushrooms and greens, which were on the greasy side. The highlight was the sesame chicken with broccoli, which was crunchy (the chicken) and bright and crispy (the broccoli).
I'm wondering if I went on an off day or something but I was super disappointed with my food here.  I went for lunch during work and got the crab and pork soup dumplings and veggies and rice thinking I would have some leftovers. I should start by saying I love soup dumplings.  Like roll my eyes back in my head, don't talk to me while I'm eating them love them.  But these were not that flavorful and in fact a little fishy tasting.   I thought the veggies would be like Kang kong or chinese broccoli (it was just listed as vegetables over rise) but it was cabbage and carrots with this super thick and gloppy sauce over rice.  It seemed kind of like corner chinese food spot food as opposed to Chinatown Shanghainese food.  The chili oil wasn't even that spicy and seemed kinda old. There's tons of amazing places in Chinatown so I can't imagine myself coming back to this spot.  It was crowded (by mostly non-Asians so I was wondering if this spot was more Americanized) and people seem to like it so again, maybe an off day.
My new favorite place for Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings). I got the pork ones and the black truffle ones as well. What I really like about the soup dumplings here is the consistency of the skin. Soup dumpling skin should be thin and chewy, not super thick and bland. Shanghai Asian Manor has the perfect texture! Definitely will be my new go-to place for soup dumplings.
I'm constantly on a hunt for some good Chinese food and with all of the Chinatown restaurants just packed together, it can be hard to find one that is just right. One of my friends regularly goes to Shanghai Manor so I figure maybe it could be the one. I've been here a few times now and have yet to be disappointed. The wait here is never long, the Soup Dumplings are juicy, and the Mock Duck, delicious. They don't kill their dishes with too much salt or soy sauce and service is decent. Solid Chinese food spot and you can still get bubble tea nearby after!
This was my first authentic Asian food experience.  I was told the soup dumplings were a must try... They were great but a little difficult for me to eat.  All the veggie dishes were great.. Garlic Eggplant, Bok Choy.  Only thing was a wish there was a broader selection of alcohol.
First Shanghainese restaurant that I went to in NYC and it sky-rocketed my expectations for asian food.  I was finally in my home-y spot where I was able to eat comfort food at its best with my family at a very reasonable price.  We waited for about 15-20 minutes for a table of 6 on a Friday night, which wasn't too bad.  The restaurant is clean with quick staff workers.  That's all you need! Ordered:1. XLB- My first time trying these soup dumplings and they were delicious!  I eventually got the hang of how to eat them with the spoon.  So juicy with a thin wrapping. 2. Fried pork buns- another winner3. Salt & Pepper squid- who can hate this dish other than you not liking squid?!4. Scallion Pancakes- a bit bland but just eat it with hot sauce or soy sauce!5. Bean Curd Shanghai Style Over Rice6. Pan Fried Beef noodles- I love me some thick noodles. enough said.  full of flavor and hit the spot7. Soy Sauce Chicken- this was the least favorite. It was more on the dry side, which is an instant no go for me already.EXCELLENT choice.. I prefer Shanghai Asian Manor over Joe's Shanghai anytime!
i've tried most things on the menu and everything is average to me. if i come here - it's for one purpose only: SZECHUAN STYLE WONTONS! i can eat bowls of these and nothing else from this restaurant and i will leave very happy. this is by far my favorite place to get "hong you chao shou" :)(the soup dumplings are pretty good.. one of the better ones you'll find in chinatown)
Great soup dumplings. Even the general tsao was great. Excellent service. Wish this place was in miami.
I have been hanging out on Mott Street since circa 1995.  Although the area has improved tremendously, fake Shanghainese places that cater to tourists have proliferated in my beloved Manhattan Chinatown. I am so glad that finally, there is a place other than Joe's Shanghai (and a few other gems) that serves authentic Shanghainese food. Food: the soup dumplings and noodle soups were so good here! The portions are not very large, but the price seems fair to me. They have to compete with the rest of Chinatown...Service: impressive for Manhattan's Chinatown, which is notorious for horrible service all around. The staff was very friendly and responsive.Decor: it is obvious that this is a relatively new restaurant. The entire interior seems to have been recently done. Everything seems clean and well-maintained.
Steamed buns were a okay comparing to many other places i have visited. Shanghai pork chop noodle was bad - avoid if u can (please avoid).
It has been a long time since I got soup dumplings and I am very glad I found Shanghai Asian Manor! Their crab meat soup dumplings are by far the best in Chinatown. It is still not Ding Tai Fong level yet but it is definitely one of the best in New York City. There are a few reasons why I really like their dumplings. First of all, the dumpling wrap is very thin and moist and that is a winner because soup dumplings are supposed to have very thin wrap unlike regular dumplings. Secondly, the crab and ground pork stuffing is juicy and fulfilling. We also tried the scallion pancake. Somehow they deep fried the pancake but it is very crispy and fluffy. Although I am used to more of a chewy and crispy texture, their fried version is delicious too. For main entree, we got their pickled vegetable and rice noodles stir-fry. It is also one of the best I have had in the city. They used real authentic Chinese pickles and the dish is so filling. I am going to come here for Shanghai food from now on instead.
My BF Loves XLB/Soup Dumplings, but is super picky about them. He is not a fan of Joe's. He loves this place. That enough is reason to go. He also is a huge fan of the scallion pancakes here, which seam to be really popular. I LOVE scallion pancakes, but was NOT a fan. I like more scallion and more flavor. These were thin crispy and didn't have as much scallion as I'm used to. Different strokes for different folks I guess. The veggie dumplings: pretty standard, not the best or the worst. Had thinner (but dense) skin than I'm used to, more like pot-sticker skin. Rice cakes: Super yummy! The rice cakes are cooked perfectly and have plenty of veggies. They have one of the best chili oil sauces! Its a little sweet and I think made with plums. Has a lot of flavor but isn't too spicy. The atmosphere is nice and seems clean enough. Bathrooms are pretty decent for the area. Always leave here fat & happy :)
This place Rocks!  Order the soupy dumplings as they are AWSOME!  No need to get the crab soupy dumplings because they are more expensive and not as good as the plain old Sha lo Pah (soupy dumplings). Tip:  gets very crowded especially lunchtime on weekends when me and my Son go to Chinatown to have some fun and food!  We put our names on the list and buy yugio card from Iki Iki gift shop across the street.  Usually they have our table when we return.  Highly recommended!
I love this place. I discovered this place a few years ago when Joe's ginger was too full. Since then, i preferred this place over any other.  I always get the same items and its never a disappointment. H&S soup, siew long bao (soup dumpling) with crab ofcourse, scallion pancakes, any lo mein is good, watercress dumplings, double cook pork and wontons. All delicious and cheap!
I went here and had their pork and crab xiaolong Bao. I think the pork was definitely the better of the two and the place wasn't too small or crowded so that was a bonus.
I highly recommend their scallion pancake and fried pork buns. The scallion pancakes are greasy, crispy goodness. Their stir fried rice cakes are delicious as well. The rice cakes had the perfect amount of chew to them. To top it all off, their prices are very reasonable, considering it attracts many tourists.
This place is a hidden gem... Lovely staff, great services. The food is really good!.... It's a must!
Soup dumplings.  My 10 year old ate a whole order so we had to get two.  Crispy noodles were awesome.  A great joes alternatice
Soup dumplings are the specialty at Shanghai Asian Manor and I don't think we saw a single table without at least one order at their table.  They don't serve it without pork though so I didn't taste any of that, but my family did give good reviews about it.  We also ordered the Beef Pan-Fried Noodles and the Scallion Pancakes.  Note that both are actually deep-fried.  While the scallion pancakes were enjoyable, I actually prefer them to be made by lightly browning on each side in a pan instead.  I did not like the Beef Pan-Fried Noodles at all.  Definitely NOT ordering that again.Service is very rushed and quick (the Chinatown way).  Don't expect a lot when you come and you'll be fine.
My husband and I had dinner here on Christmas day 2015. We ordered scallion pancakes (amazing) then some pork potstickers for our toddler who ate every last one, then of course some pork dim sum.. my husband was so happy with his first dim sum experience that we are returning today for more. We waited 45 min for a table, but i will say its deff worth the wait also visit the surrounding shops while waiting and its a breeze.
The pork XLB is dope! Its dumpling skin is soft and chewy. But the best part is the scrumptious combination of the savory soup broth with the meat inside. Be very careful picking up the dumpling since it breaks quite easily. You wouldn't want the soup to leak! The veggie dumplings are delicious as well, great choice for all the vegetarians out there. The panfried porkXLB is a bit oily, but still quite enjoyable.We also ordered one of the pork panfried noodles and a fish fillet (with black vinegar sauce) dish. Both were satisfying and I definitely recommend trying them!The tea was very soothing and cleaned my palate well. One notable thing is that the place was packed when I went, and the restaurant is not very spacious so I barely had any room within our table area. Both food and service were great! Solid four stars.
My mother's workplace is near this restaurant so we headed over for lunch.Pros:Very yummy Pork and Crab Xiao Long Baos. They taste the same as Joe's Shanghai dumplings.Shanghai Stir Fried Noodles is a must-try! I usually don't eat noodles of this thickness but the sauce they cook it with makes it worth trying.Wine Chicken is not that bad although I wish it was less oily. It is a decent portion considering some of the other places I've been to.Cons:Since the space is very small, be aware that you will have to wait if you're going during peak times such as noontime. It can get noisy but my mother and I chose a window seat near the front so it wasn't that bad (if I remembered correctly, this is the only window seat there).Overall, it's not the best place for shanghai food but it's still a good place to stop by
Good food hot tea when you are seated and food is hot and delicious when it comes to your table they are fast with your order
Came here on recommendation from friends.Pork and Crab Xiao Long Baos were delicious and very comparable to joe's and shanghai cafe.Cong you bing: Super thin but still goodSheng Jian Bao: Standard and tastySalt Pepper Toasted Squid: Just the right amount of kickI honestly can't remember all of the other dishes we got as a group of 12, but you just couldnt' go wrong. Go early and only slightly hungry, because this place fills up!
This is a delightful place for dumplings, buns, siu long baos and noodles.  It is modern, clean, friendly quick staff and the most important fresh and tasty dishes.The dining room is bright, clean and comfortable; great for couples and small groups to enjoy their meal. There is no rust to eat, no urgency to vacate the table, the table is not sticky and the bathroom is clean.The prices are reasonable- steamed tiny buns w. pork is $4.95 for 8. My dish #142 noodles w. meat sauce (cha chiang mein) is $4.95 and my friend's dish Spicy stewed beef w. noodles in soup was $5.25. It was a lot of food for two totaling all under $17. The store front is nicely decorated. It is definitely a place I will visit again.
Order the XLB! With flavorful meat, thin skin, and lots of soup, you will not be disappointed.
Soup dumplings didn't have the richness as others or as much soup in them. The redeeming quality of this place was the good selection of other types of dishes though and that it wasn't overly crowded.  Everything on the menu looked great since they had pictures of most of the popular dishes which made my friend and I completely over order.  A couple of notes are that the pan fried pork buns seemed very doughy and the scallion pancake was deep fried rather then pan fried so it didn't have that flaky quality that it should.
get the pan fried pork buns and the  XLB soup dumplings!! the cold appetizers here as great too. haven't tried the actual food here before but the snacks are pretty good and could pass as a meal - everything on the menu is very filling. will come back again for a good timeeee
Friendly service at a Chinese restaurant??! Food is pretty tasty as well. We got the hot and sour soup, crispy duck, pork soup dumplings, truffle soup dumplings and shrimp dumplings. The duck was surprisingly good, I would say on the gamey side. The soup was thick but just the right amount of heat, like a slow burn. The truffle soup dumplings has a very distinctive taste, I prefer the original pork one. Shrimp dumplings taste like it should. Overall it was better than my expectations.
Located above the infamous Hop Kee, this place is bound to get some foot traffic.  There were many tourists here as well as people that know their stuff.  You are usually seated quickly, but sometimes they ask you to share a table, which I am no longer cool with doing.  We were lucky to have our own table to enjoy the experience a little more.  The servers here are very nice and are fast.  You are offered free hot Jasmine tea, that is the perfect temperature and the refills come fast.The tiny Pork and Crab steamed dumplings (aka XLB, #1 on menu) are very good and packed full of soupy goodness.  The crabmeat tasted canned to me and was dyed a yellow color, so I think just pork for next time.  You can seriously just come here and order off of the appetizer menu and have a great experience.   The Salt and Pepper Squid was served on lettuce, which the topping was getting lost in.  I loved the batter on the squid, but did not like the raw batter bits in the center of the squid.  I would have also liked it to have more topping.  The Cha Chiang Mein sauce was deliciou and tasted just like homemade, but it was served on top of packaged udon noodles.  The Snow Pea Tips here were very good, but a little oily.  I love the large pieces of garlic and the strong wine taste in the sauce.Next time we will definitely order more dumplings, some vegetables, and the fried rice cakes withe ground meat dish.  Their braised beef dishes here also looked very good, too.
Best xiao long bao I've ever had. Much, much better than at Joe Shanghai's and similar Chinatown mainstays. Better service than comparable places of this packed, quick type. The other food is delicious too. The spicy wonton is a must. Pork with bamboo shoots is a favorite too. Only downside is that you'll probably wait a little while...but not crazy long. 30-40 minutes tops, and that gets cut significantly if you have someone with you that can speak even a little Mandarin to the hostess ;)
Returned to give this another try, had most of the same dishes as before and I must say everything this time was up to par. Still not a fan of the red oil wontons as I find them too sweet here. Updated the stars!
Wow....Excellent pork/crab soup dumplings!!! (the best in NYC so far).  The skin is thin & light, soft and perfectly steamed.  The soup and stuffing is delicious.The jade dumplings and fried squids with salt and garlic are really good also.The pork with bamboo shoots, Shanghai spicy dumplings  were also good but nothing out of this world.  I will have to try their wine chicken and other dumplings next time.Service is friendly and a bit low-key (maybe a little too low key!)Price reasonable.  Dining area very comfortable and clean.This has become my new favorite dumpling house in NY Chinatown!
Excellent place to grab a bite! The wait wasn't too bad- 15 minutes (which is nothing if you want decent Chinese food.) We were ordering too much, and luckily our waiter let us know before he placed the order. All of the food was delicious. I'm gluten free, so I couldn't eat many of the noodles. Our server suggested rice cakes, which are thick/flat pods of rice with your choice of meat, and they were delicious!Another highlight or two was the tofu with red bean/pork, as well as the spinach! All was yummy! Would come back for SURE
Was very torn between 4 or 5 stars.  On one hand, the fundamental quality of their soup dumplings were good, but not great....on the other hand, all the rest of the food is awesome, AND they offer black truffle oil soup dumplings, which is quite the clever idea.  You know my opinion on the soup dumplings, let's get on to the rest of the food:For appetizers, I really like their wine chicken, and szechuan style wontons, and obviously try their truffle soup dumplings.  Their thick fried noodles are in my opinion best in class in New York.  The szechuan beef is very good, and for the most part, all of their veggie dishes are done very well.
Just to remind Chinese people and who have been to Shanghai for local food: this is NOT SHANGHAI FOOD. Taste so weird...
Average all around. Stick to the buns and dumplings because the rest of what they do is on the very bland. It's not bad it's just lacking flavor.
Fabulous XLB (soup dumplings).  All the food is great, but the crab and pork/crab soup dumplings are to die for.  And the Szechuan dumplings are great too.
Great find in heart of China Town. Delicious scallion pancakes and tiny buns (soup dumplings). A must visit if you are hungry for Chinese!
Ordered sweet and sour chicken and it was majority beading with rubbery chicken bits. The sauce was tasty but the chicken was so bad it ruined it. Not sure how this place has a 4-star rating...
Came here last night with Hubby and little brother. We ordered the soup dumplings (so good!), eggplant in garlic sauce (sweet and tangy and not too oily), pork chop noodle (generous pork chop size in a delicious curry-like flavor), and shanghainese pan friend rice cakes (great consistency - chewy but not TOO chewy). 4 dishes and the final bill came out to be $30 (not including tip). Not too shabby! The place is clean with very little wait and is one of the few places in Chinatown that not only take credit card, but takes American Express!
Soup dumplings were not bad but lacking some soup and flavor compared to Joe's. Still like Joe's better (Joe's Shanghai or Joe's Ginger).
Coming from Houston and being surrounded by the Asian food down there, nothing can beat it. This place is on par and I would come here again if I'm ever craving Asian food in NY! As for soup dumpling, pretty good. I would order again.Spareribs is definitely gunna be ordered again as well.Everything else, I'd say holds the standard of authentic Asian food :)
I'm a fan of Chinese food and this place is excellent... The service is great, the place is clean, and its in the middle of Chinatown.  Great food after a day of sightseeing in the Big Apple!!! This Texas boy is pleased!
This review is for take-out, not dining in. I waited about 15 minutes on a very busy Wednesday at 8pm. The place was packed and the manager pleasantly took my order. We had a nice conversation as I waited in the tight area in front of the restaurant. In terms of the food:- Vegetable dumplings: mostly clear noodles in the filling but good flavor- Pork dumplings: Juicy interior, very "porky"- Shrimp dumplings: delicious!- Fried pork chop: generous portion despite "appetizer" priceNext time I'll try dining in and order their noodles with scallion pancakes.
I've been fixated on shanghai soup dumplings recently, and the ones here are definitely among the best I've had.  The dumpling dough is very thin but strong enough to contain the soup with minimal risk of spillage.  The soup packs a wallop of crab flavor.  The filling is nice and meaty, free of gristle.  The Szechuan bean curd with ground pork was very good- it's best to get it with rice.  The shrimp with fruit sauce and candied walnuts was a bit too sweet for me, but I could see how others would like it.  I'd say go for the soup dumplings, which will not disappoint, and then maybe try out something you've never had before.
We came here for lunch on a Sunday and had to wait maybe 15-20 minutes before we could be seated.We ordered the snow peas, their famous Shanghai-style fried noodles, their chef's cucumber appetizer special and their soup dumplings. The food definitely exceeded my expectations and I thought everything we ordered was pretty good. Definitely one of the better Chinese restaurants I have been to in Manhattan. Service was pretty good as well - waiters were attentive and fast.
Only based on todays experience. Owner is incompetent. Arrived at the restaurant was waiting for a booth a bunch of people came in later he came out to seat everyone gave our table away did not even look out way and see if we were waiting for a seat. Zero stars is more fitting  than 1. Too bad I used to love this place.
As food as the chinese food goes, this place has one of the best chinese food I have had in New York. I love its dim sum, all the different type of dumplings are absolutely delicious. The restaurant itself is decent, not small and pretty clean as well.  I would come back at anytime.
Food was okay; some better than others. Spring rolls, scallion pancake, sweet & sour soup were all delicious. The fried tiny buns w/ pork were devoured by the children. The chef special Chicken Siu Mai appetizer was yucky; couldn't bite thru the chicken. The Sesame Chicken sauce was delicious but the chicken under it was too rubbery; same story w/ the General Tso's Chicken. Good portions & good service.
Had an amazing dinner! Soup dumplings were extremely tasty! Also had mixed Lo mein which was also very good and red bean pancakes. Every thing was tasty and delicious and the price is not bad at all. Definitely returning.
The soup dumplings are truly amazing.  The shanghai Lo Mein chicken is also delicious.  The place is spotless and the prices are great.  What more can I say but do not leave this fine establishment without trying the soup dumplings.   You will not be disappointed
This is my go to spot for Shanghai. I have been here several times and never been dissatisfied. The service is good compared to other establishments.The scallion pancakes and soup dumplings are a must.
Soup dumplings were good but otherwise I have had much better Chinese cuisine elsewhere. Had to share seats with others as well...
Ahhhh Chinatown.  We go way back to high school, when trips to NY were as easy as hopping the Chinatown bus from DC to NY.  It had been a long time since I had been back and I knew on my last visit it was mandatory to get some good, legit grub in.  Yes, I live in San Francisco and have my pick of excellent joints here too, but NY Chinatown is truly an icon not to be missed.My friend brought me here knowing when I eat Chinese I want the real deal and I can discern whether it's good or not.  Plus I LOVE soup dumplings and this is the place to go in Chinatown.  Come early.  There will be a long line out the door.  Luckily we missed it and were seated pretty quickly.My friend took care of ordering mostly (it helps if you speak Cantonese here FYI).  At least one of the servers speaks Taiwanese as well, and I suspect Mandarin is there as well too even though I didn't hear it while there.  We ordered so much food we couldn't eat it all.  The pork dumplings were some of the best I've ever had.  I'm not a big fan of seafood pancake, but my friend loves it so we ordered it and I was pretty surprised at how tasty it was.  Same with the gyoza, not a favorite but again pretty yum.Service was great.  They didn't even make fun of me a little when I spoke in my severely  limited, broken, pathetic non-existent Cantonese (my friend did however, jackass).The restaurant itself if clean, bright, nicely decorated and larger than it looks from the outside.  It's a nice family restaurant in the heart of Chinatown that you can't go wrong with.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back and enjoy slurping that broth out of those dumplings again.
Eating the food at Shanghai Asian Manor makes me miss my mom's home cooking. Many dishes reminded me of similar dishes my mom would make.1. Pork & crab meat soup dumplings (8)- The skin of the dumpling are thin - which is good and there is lots of juice in the dumpling. Be careful, because of the thin skin it will break easily. However, I do prefer the pork soup dumpling. 2. Spicy wontons (8)- delicious!3. Kau fu - This makes me want to call home and ask my mom to make it for me. I love this dish - a very traditional Shanghainese dish (cold dish). This is a baked spongy gluten that is sauteed in a sweet soy sauce based with asian mushrooms. 4. Ground chicken with pine nuts - Great dish but I wish they would have given more lettuce wraps.5. Shredded pork with bamboo shoots - These bamboo shoots are the real thing ...not the type you get from a can! Delicious dish.6. Beef/chicken pan fried noodles - Some people like the fried part of the noodles ; I prefer the part of the noodles drenched in the sauce. Even during lunch, this place was pacted!
8.27.2016Yeah. Back to their old standards! great soup dumplings, and fried squid. Tried a new dish which didn't quite cut it, but that's only because I detest celery. No mention of the celery in the menu when I ordered the Black Mushrooms and Bamboo Shoots. Awesome apps as always. The smoke fish is the best I can remember from anywhere.3/12/2016Xia long bao weren't right- the taste of the broth was way off. Will update the next time I'm back. Great salt and pepper squid.Place was packed full of selfie taking tourists. Please don't go down this route.......====================back for more! Soup dumplings are bigger but there are now only six of them. Really tasty, but I think I like the old size better.Overall, great as always.
Crab meat & pork dumpling - UNBELIEVABLE! So good. My family has lived in Yokohama, Japan and has tried dim sum everywhere and never tasted such delicious dumpling before! And for such reasonable price too! We have yet to try all of their 22 dim sums but the ones we've tried so far (wonton Szechuan dumplings and shrimp dumplings) were wonderful. There are usually lines but the wait is not too long and definitely worth the wait!
This was place delicious. The decor and seating arrangement is nicer than Joe's Shanghai in that you aren't seated next to strangers. We had the vegetable steamed dumplings--amazing. The service was friendly as well.
First off I would like to say I usually do come here and the food is great but the last couple of times I have been to this establishment this place has really dissapointed me. The customer service is horrible, the waiters were trying to rush my family and I out the moment we walked in. The attitude that was given was unlike any I have ever seen. Please save yourself the trip and just go to the Elizabeth Street Asian Manor if anything much better service and food is the same.
After coming here multiple times and pretty much ordering the same dish at each visit, I decided it was high time to write a review for it. To start off, this place is usually packed, expect a long wait or come at odd times - it is worth it. The waiters are very friendly and won't rush you to order. The dishes we get every time are the xiao long bao, wonton szechuan style, cold sliced pork leg, hot and sour soup, crispy fried salt and pepper squid, and crispy seafood noodle. My personal favorite is the sliced pork leg. I've only had this particular delicacy once in my childhood at Foxwoods and since then I had been on a quest to find them. Imagine my surprise when I finally found them at this place. They are sliced very thin and served cold with a mildly spicy and sour sauce. The gelatinous fat and tender meat are a match made in heaven. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for their Shanghainese fix - it definitely gives Joe's Shanghai a run for their money!
This place is authentic, affordable, and delicious. the decor is considerably nicer than joe's as is the wait time (although today when i went i waited quite a while). i think word is getting out. in my opinion, the xiao long baos are better than the ones at joe's. they have the texture and thinness of the skin down and the pork is flavorful and moist, and doesn't have that weird sour flavor you find in a lot of XLBs at mediocre Chinese restaurants. the spicy wontons are also really good, albeit super oily. the other dishes are great too. great for some cheap, family style deliciousness
Eggplant chicken was amazing! We also had a great vegetable & chicken lo mein. Also would recommend the scallion pancakes and vegetable spring rolls. There only reason this place gets 4/5 stars is that they served the food wayyy too quickly.
The watercress and shrimp dumpling...so unique so goodthe watercress dumplings have the softest and thinnest skin i have ever tasted.much juicy. so delicious.
Came on a Saturday around noon and the place was already half full. We tried the crab and pork soup dumplings & braised noodles. The skin was not too thick and the soup was flavorful without being overly salty. Put some of their hot sauce and vinegar - it was an explosion of flavors. So good. The braised noodles came with lots of veggies and the broth was very light. It reminded me of home and it is definitely a comfort dish. Get it if you want something on the lighter side. I will be back to satisfy my xiao long bao cravings.
Was so excited to get to Chinatown on this visit to NYC and friends suggested Shanghai Asian Manor. It was EXCELLENT!The people couldn't have been nicer letting my husband and I sit & wait for our friends while sipping jasmine tea. Our friend did the ordering and we had Shanghai dumpling, crab dumplings, beef wonton, a tofu dish, another beef dish and the house special ribs. All was tastybut the Shanghai dumplings and ribs were my favorites. The sauce in the rib dish is thick, gingery, full of flavor and the rib meat tender and just falling off the bone. The place kept filling up and yet we were never rushed out of our seats. Great final night in NyC
This is the second location to the first restaurant they had on Elizabeth St (Shanghai Asian Cuisine, which is sadly now closed. My boyfriend used to frequent that restaurant since he was 7 years old and introduced me to SAM on Mott Street. Since 2010, SAM has gotten much more popular and busy--probably due to it's more modern, bright interior. SAM is now a favorite of many friends and family!Would recommend:- soup dumplings, both pork and crab are great! (8 per order)- scallion pancakes
LOVE their pan-fried noodles with pork. The noodles are crispy, the sauce is sweet and flavorful and the portion is huge! I was full after eating less than half of the dish. The venue is cleaner and fancier than other Chinatown restaurants, and the staff speaks better English, which is a big plus for non-native crowds. It gets quite packed during lunch, so plan ahead!
XLB are delicious and super authentic. Restaurant was surprisingly clean and tidy. I'll be back.
The food here is pretty great, and being that its a Shangainese restaurant,  you have to order the soup dumplings (xiao long bao). It's the best one I've had so far.  Usually most places make the wrapper too thick. ..here,  the wrapper is thin and a bit translucent,  so you can actually see the soup in the dumpling.  I also will usually order kau fu, which is a gluten vegetarian appetizer?  It was ok, but the flavor is a little too strong for me and the sauce a little too thick. ..I might just be a little picky because my mom makes it. ..the way I like it and you know,  no one beats mom's home cooking. Ok. ..I gave 4 stars instead of 5 for this reason, upon arrival to the restaurant, there was a hostess and waiter, but they didn't seat or acknowledge us right away and it was absolutely  not because they didn't see us. They could have at least ask how many people were in our party first to acknowledge or presence.  This is a one time occurence, but first impressions are important and that wasn't a good first impression.
Place was full when we arrived - mixed clientele. Sunday 3.30. Always a good sign. Staff were attentive and fast. Food, especially dumplings, was delish. Crispy duck was a bit bony but that was the only con. Would definitely recommend to friends.
Came here for lunch on a sunday afternoon. Wait was about 15-20 minutes for 2 people to be seated. I was surprised at how crowded this place was. I'm not a big fan of soup dumplings but I honestly loved the ones they served here. We tried the crab and pork buns, the scallion pancakes (SO AMAZING), and the chicken lo mein. Everything tasted great and pricing was on the low end. Service was okay. But would definitely come back!
This place was awesome. Tastier than expected. First had the cold sesame noodles. Perfect flavor and just the right amount of sauce. Not heavy. Next was the wonton schezuan style. These were also yummy, but not as spicy as I was expecting. And finally came the pork soup dumplings. :)
This place is really good.  Excellent food, good service, nic(er) atmosphere, great prices.  On a Friday night at 8pm, we were able to get a table for 4, but it got packed immediately after.  We had:Steamed pork soup dumplings (they call them something like tiny dumplings).  Excellent texture, perfectly cooked, and delicious dipping sauce with lots of fresh ginger.  my only comment is that the broth was slightly vinegary.Fried pork dumplings.  these were perfect; not too sweet, not too salty, not too oily, not burned. Perfect.Snow Pea Leaves with Garlic.  Delicious.  Nice subtle flavor, but maybe a tiny bit oily for some.Pork and Chinese leek pan-fried soft noodles (I think that was what it was called).  This was on the Specials menu and was amazing.  The sauce is delicate and not over-salted.  The noodles were tender, and the vegetables were crisp.  Total bill with two beers: $65Hot green tea was already at our table when we were seated, which is a nice touch.The only negative feedback I have is that they only have one beer option and no wine; and that the server tried to up-sell us by suggesting that we had not ordered enough food.  I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
Came here with friends for lunch this last Sunday and ordered so many things! Steamed pork buns, cucumber with soy and garlic, wine chicken, rice cakes, Shanghai style pan-fried noodles, shrimp dumplings, pan fried pork buns (I think that's what they're called), and a few beers. Everything was very very good. My favorite was the pan-fried noodles! The consistency was perfect. Something I will definitely crave in a few days.
Reasonable prices, clean restaurant, good service. I've ordered hot n' sour soup with Shanghai Style Pan-Fried Noodles twice and it has been delicious each time. Definitely a good option for getting the Chinatown experience.
Came here with my mom for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was busy and we waited about 10 minutes for a table (estimated wait time was 15-20). We ordered the pork xiao long bao and the snow pea leaf and shrimp steamed dumplings. My mom has 3 main criteria when judging xiao long bao: 1. How thin the skin is (the thinner the better) 2. How much meat/filling there is and 3. How much soup there is. These xiao long bao were tasty with a good amount of soup, although the amount of meat was on the smaller side. The wrappers were very thin though, which my mom pointed out means they were made fresh and not just steamed from frozen. The snow pea leaf and shrimp dumplings were also quite tasty and rather unique menu items (not seen at every dim sum place). The soy milk was good (served cold, and sweetened) but heads up that it's store-bought, not fresh, as I saw them pouring it out of a jug in the back. Overall a good and authentic experience!
Went here in the early evening around 5pm for dinner on Thursday 5/7/15.Me and a few friends ordered both of the soup dumplings (crab and pork and pork alone), scallion pancakes, dry sautéed shredded beef, Shanghai pan fried noodles, and the crispy duck.Both of the soup dumplings were wonderful with the exception that some lacked more soup and others, and not it wasn't because they leaked out, as they were all intact. Overall I would go back and order them again.The scallion pancakes are the best I ever had! They have a different touch to them where they are light and crunchy as oppose to the usual thick and doughy. The sauce that comes with it is also awesome.The dry sautéed shredded beef was also good. It's advertised as spicy, but I didn't really get much spice from it. I recommend sharing it with the table and eating it with rice.The Shanghai pan fried noodles were a bit disappointing. This was not the first time I ever ate a pan fried noodle dish, so I had a lot to compare to. First off the meal looked great at first, but it was quite bland. It seemed watered down.The crispy duck was also great! It was nice and juicy and had great flavor. I also recommend eating this with rice.Honestly this place has its pros and cons. For me the pros outweighed the cons. They were pretty consistent with the refill of tea and water. They should consider serving rice with most of their entrees by default. They should also warn people about the sauce they place on the table. More specifically they should let customers know that it is vinegar and not soy sauce. I would definitely come here again as I had a great experience.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, which seems to be catching on as the restaurant has been becoming busier recently. Reasonable wait times during peak dinner hours (15-30 minutes).NB: Soup dumplings come in 6 now instead of 8. I would've rather they increase the price instead of making the portions smaller; hence, -1 star.
Delicious Sunday night Chinese food delivery!  We ordered the hot and sour soup, Kung Pao Chicken, and Sliced Chicken with Eggplant in Garlic Sauce.  The soup was really good.  It could have been a bit more spicy but it hit the mark.  The chicken and eggplant was awesome!  Definitely the best meal we ordered.  It had a great sauce and the chicken was good slices of white meat.  The Kung Pao also came with a great sauce and really good flavor.  My only critique would be the quality of the meat in the Kung Pao.  It was the typical Chinese food mystery "chicken" meat that I like to avoid.  Next time I will substitute for the white meat.
My favorite place to get soup dumplings period. Their "Wonton Szechuan Style" is also one of my favorites.
Dinner for 2 = $10?!?! Only in Chinatown, srsly. My dining companion and I shared an order of regular pork xiao long bao, which were souper (hehe) juicy w/ thin skin, and IMHO better than Joe's or Nan Xiang's without the horrendous wait. We also had an order of the famed scallion pancakes - 4 to a plate. These scallion pancakes are a lot thicker and darker than what I am used to, but equally good and not as greasy. We rounded out our meal with a small bowl of hot n sour soup.Service was just fine, typical of a Chinatown establishment. They brought out Wonton soup instead of hot n sour and took it back immediately.The hours aren't listed on their Yelp page but I think they close at 10pm on weeknights!
This is probably my most favorite spot for soup dumplings. They are really juicy with lots of soup inside also. The meat is good as well and not lacking in amount. Their scallion pancakes used to be larger and better a few years ago but they are still good right now. I like eating the fried rice cakes here also.
I'm not by any means an expert on NYC.. but I really liked this place. I know 'Joe's Shanghai' is the famous go-to place for soup dumplings, but my group did not to Chinatown at a good time and did not feel like waiting for a long time. So.. my friend suggested Shanghai Asian Minor. We had a group of 3, went around late lunch time and had to wait about 20 minutes. Not too bad. We ordered a lot of food, and it came out to be a really good price. I don't remember how much exactly, but I remember the price being pretty good. But I guess food in Chinatown overall is not that expensive.We ordered the pork soup dumplings and the crab and pork soup dumplings to try. Both were good, the pork soup dumplings were better. We also ordered the Snow Pea Leaves (they were out of the bamboo shoots, but I was okay with that because I don't like bamboo shoots), Salt and Pepper Squid, and Spicy Stew Beef with Noodle soup. I would order everything again. The Salt and Pepper Squid was flavored well and crispy. I'm always afraid Chinese food is too salty, but it was not too salty.. just right! The Snow Pea Leaves were also flavored just right. The Beef and Noodle soup was delish too. Basically, I would order everything again... and I will definitely be returning with the hubby the next time I'm in NYC. So.. five stars!
Awesome Shanghainese food! Consistent with food and service.  Soup dumplings are a must-have. Noodles are good too. At peak times there's a little bit of a wait. But the service moves everything along at a good pace. They really know how to run their business well. Keeps everyone including us coming back for more. Good for groups up to 6/8 but just perfect for 4ppl. Priced just right, too!
Not cheap but very good quality and very fast, even for the non-Shanghai dumpling dishes.XLB-wise, I felt that the filling was not quite as tasty as Joe's, but the skin was good.The zha zhang mian hit the spot with perfectly cooked shanghai fat noodles.Generally, I would come here with people who want better customer service than average in Chinatown, and might be afraid of going to divey places like the noodle shops on East Broadway or NY Noodletown. For me, I don't expect great service and am happy to receive lousy service to get cheaper food. :)
Service: Polite and fast.Food: :)Steamed Pork+Crab dumplings: very flavorful broth that's neither too thin nor too fattyPan-fried pork dumplings: skin was a bit thick. I had trouble finishing this. Szechuan-style wonton: much too salty and sweet and not spicy at all. Also had trouble finishing this.Pan-fried wontons: I think this might be my favorite here. I've had it twice, but it was a little too salty and soggy on this visit. (I'll chalk this up to bad timing.)Sweet red bean pancakes: I LOVE this. Filling to pancake ratio is 50/50. The pancake is slightly oily, but nothing a little tea can't wash down.Final note: Great stop for tasty dumplings with little to no wait time.
People were so nice! Food was amazing. Order the wontons seuzchan style and fried dumplings.
Yelp does it again. I really love Yelp and here is a perfect example:Ended up in Chinatown with no real plan and a quick jump on Yelp led me to he highly rated Shanghai Asia Manor.After about a 15 minute wait, first up, the very talked about soup dumplings. This was the shining star of our meal. These plump little dumplings filled with pork, crab and the most delicious broth literally melt in your mouth. Big fan of the soup dumplings!!Next up for mains, Shanghai noodles with chicken,  pork and vegetables.Delivered  in an excellent light sauce this dish was a perfect follow-up to the dumplings. The noodles are pan-fried with a slight crispiness to them (almost a pasta al-dente feel). Terrific flavor and texture make this dish a must.Next up, crispy duck served with hoisin sauce and two little baos.  Just the right amount of meat and fat and not overly fried. Along side the two mains, we ordered a plate of sauteed baby Bok Choy.  A great accompaniment to the meal. The bok Choy was lightly seasoned with not much oil. Nice for a dish to be both healthy for you and taste great.  The whole meal was less than $50 with tip. The staff was attentive, not pushy, helpful and consistently filled our water and tea glasses.This is my new favorite in Chinatown and one you should definitely try.
The soup dumplings here are so awesome and cheap! the crab ones are a lot better than the ones at Din Tai Fung. The scallion pancake was really good too, so was the Sheng Jin Bao (Grilled pork buns I think).Very friendly, fast, and attentive service.5-star :)
Good quality and inexpensive Chinese food. We started with some soup dumplings (called pork mini buns for some inexplicable reason). Then had some of the General's chicken, some fried Shanghai noodles and some rice. The restaurant was clean (the restrooms not so much but were not unclean). The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. The service was quick and we were in and out in under 45 minutes. A very good choice in the neighborhood.
Great soup dumplings and right around the corner from joes less of a crowd easier and more enjoyable dining experience and their soup dumplings are significantly better. Hidden gem in the area!
Nice little place but ordering the lunch menu seemed to get lower quality food.  Gen Tao was very weak.  Fried rice good and spring roll a ripoff and soggy.
Me and my friends went for dinner at this place on Thanksgiving and we throughly enjoyed the food. The service was fast and the dumplings were great. I would recommend trying out the vegetarian dumplings. One small quibble was that the menu doesn't clearly mark which items are vegetarian and which ones have meat in them. Over all, the food is good and service is great.
Delicious dumplings. I ordered done and paid for them immediately. I was told to sit at the table and wait. 5 minutes later a young waitress asked for my order. I told her I was already waiting for an order. 15 minutes into the waiting the same young waitress told me to move away from the table for it was for other clients. That was unfortunate. I felt uncomfortable and I left the premises on a sour note.
Great Shanghainese food, Xio Long Bao (XLB) is awesome, just like a lot of NYC Chinese restaurants they have almost 2 menus, one that caters to Chinese or someone who eats authentic Chinese food :) and another one for more American tastes.If you come here for Shanghainese food you will not be disappointed.
The crab and pork soup dumplings were delish. Had lots of soup and wasn't too salty or laced with msg. The scallion pancake was thin and crispy, and the sauce was very tasty (sweetened soy sauce with some extra seasoning). Might even be the best scallion pancake I've ever had,  and I tried a lot of shanghainese restaurants.Skip the stir fried rice cakes - we got the pork with snow cabbage. It was oily and mushy. Not very flavored. Snow cabbage is preserved (not fresh).My recommendation: Stick to the soup dumpling and scallion pancake. Delish!
Not only do they serve superb soup dumplings, they cook some of the best tasting Chinese dishes in Chinatown. Highly recommend this restaurant for anyone craving soup dumplings aka Xiao Long Bao. I also am a fan of their pan-fried noodles; the noodles are crisp & soft and topped with this wonderful sauce (I have no idea what it is except it taste really good) and protein(s) of your choice.
My favorite place for soup dumplings and scallion pancakes! They're soo delicious here, and fairly priced. Waiters are friendly and accommodating. Service is quick and food is always served steaming hot.Also, they speak English here.
I really like this place!  This is the first restaurant where i tried soup dumplings. It's affordable and they have a variety of Shanghai dishes to choose from. My favorites are,  of course,  pork soup dumplings, this udon stir fry that  my friend and I get all the time, and black bean noodles! I recommence this place :)
The #1 Pork/Crab Steamed buns are the soup dumplings are what keeps bringing me back to this place. The #9 Scallion Pancakes and the #11 Szechuan Wontons are great as well. There is also a cold Wine Chicken that is amazing. Not big on there entrees. Usually go across the street to the Peking Duck house for entree of peking duck after apps here.SOUP DUMPLINGS........YUMMMM!
I've been on a personal soup dumpling tour for the past two years throughout Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Queens. So far, the best have been in Flushing (of course). However, Shanghai Asian Manor's soup dumplings completely rival those of Queens, and these were hand down THE BEST soup dumplings I've eaten in Chinatown. They had the perfect combination of soup, pork, and dumpling.The lo mein with beef was equally delicious. And who can beat the price? Less than $15 for a delicious meal for two. I will definitely be back!
- recommend: pork soup dumplings- the crab/pork soup dumplings had an undesirable texture to the meat- prices and flavor comparable with Joe's- ordered some other pork bun thing but was completely unremarkable and unmemorable - my new go to place for soup dumplings
Deciding what to eat in Chinatown can be a bit of a challenge sometimes. I mean, there's so many possibilities ! But once I saw the huganormous xiao long bao on Shanghai Asian Manor's awning, I knew I had to have it. If that's not good marketing, then I don't know what is !As I entered, I was happy to see that it was bustling, full of happy diners with platefuls of delicious looking food. A good sign ! And what's this ? Dare I feel a hint of ambiance in the restaurant? Goodie goodie. Waiters were on their toes and alert. From the time of sitting down, being handed our menus, two different waiters came up to us and asked if we were ready. Now that's impressive, especially when they've got a full house. Suspiciously enough, they have the same exact menu as Shanghai Asian Cusine right across from Elizabeth Center. The only difference, of course, are the pumped up prices. Granted, this place is a smidgen fancier than the former, but the prices were up one or two bucks. Stupid? Yes. Profitable? Damnit. Yes. Not very hungry after noshing on kettle corn, I decided to share an order of xiao long bao (regular-- no crab meat) and zhajiang mian. My friend ordered the same, with another side order of scallion pancakes. The xiao long bao was a bit of a disappointment. Since the menu was the same as the Shanghai Asian Cuisine place (in a previous review, I raved about their xiao long bao's), I had high expectations for these tiny buns. Unfortunately, I was let down. The buns were much smaller and the pork filling was a bit too dry. The broth wasn't as sweet and gingery. Still, if I hadn't gone all Asian parent and compared the two, the xiao long bao served is a decent one. The zhajiang mian was excellent in terms of taste-- straightforward and comforting without any frills, however the oiliness kind of ruined everything for me. Stirring the bowl of noodles was a nightmare; the oil didn't completely mix in with the noodles and the sauce so occasionally the unfortunate diner would have a mouthful of oil. The noodles are the same noodles used in the Shanghai lo mein are are deliciously bouncy. They remind me of udon noodles. Finally, the scallion pancakes. Everybody raves about them, but I found them to just taste like fried dough. Now I'm sure that's not a bad thing, but I didn't taste an ounce of scallion at all. There was a few hints of flecks that seemed to be once green that was fried to oblivion. The only thing that revived it was the soy sauce. In short, you're just eating a savory churro. Not bad, but not what I wanted. Since I have a bias for Shanghai Asian Cuisine, I'd recommend you go there instead. Their food is better and prices are cheaper. 3.5 stars for the excellent service and ambiance (and the mediocre food).
Great place, wonderful food. I'm a regular here. The dim sum is amazing, the portions are abundant and I have no complaints on the food front. The decor is simplistic, nothing fancy but definitely clean and organized. My only issue is that I wish they took reservations, but this place will always be a favorite of mine.
Really a 4.5 star rating and could be a five if I get another chance to eat here.  Clean, comfortable and authentic Shanghai food.An Australian friend and I were in town for business and were talking about doing Chinese food, but were hesitant because of all the crap that is served up that is far from good Chinese food.  I lived in Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand and know Asian food.  Ditto my Aussie friend.It turns out that we both have the same favorites:  salt and pepper shrimp or squid, chow mien with the noodles lightly fried, but soft and chewy on the inside, topped with meat, veggies and that nice brown "gravy" and steamed pork dumplings that squirt hot savory juices into your mouth when you bite into them.The Yelp! reviews looked very fine for this Shanghai restaurant so off we went.It was wonderful!  We ate, and ate and talked and laughed and ate some more.  Our expectations were exceeded and I think Yelp! reviewer Juliet C. and her friend were sitting next to us on Dec 6, as we were watching their table as we went along.Service was happy, accurate and friendly.  Lots of Asian faces confirmed our choice that this was a place for authentic food.Highly recommended.
It's so full people the day we went,but the service still nice and fast,we ordered crab and pork dumpling,veg dumpling,beef fried rice and sesame chicken,they all so tasty and satisfying. Can't wait to go back. Love it.
We loved this, had all the dim sum that we could eat and the Shanghai style Lo Mein was exquisite. Certainly a stop for us any time in Chinatown.
not a big fan. it's really a cantonese place. the food does not taste like shanghai dishes at all.
Portions are extremely generous. Order on the conservative side. All the dim sum was excellent!  The scallion pancakes and red bean buns were delicious. However, the noodle soups were so bland and meat disgusting that I could only give it 3 stars. Had we not ordered those, the meal would have been great.
The mushrooms with the greens are soft like baby butts. Incredible. This place will be inspiring Russian and American cinematography for the next 100 years.
I could have given a higher review just based on my first visit. The woman boss is super nice. She remembers everyone's name when u wait for the table. It's a very popular restaurant with limited seats, most of the waitress would want you finish meal quickly and other customers can have the table, but the owner was very nice that she let me sit and wait for 20 mins for my friend to come. The food was amazing, the juicy dumpling was fresh and well made with very thin wrap and a lot of juice.However, the my second experience was completed the opposite. The dumplings was disgusting, I can tell that the meat was not fresh. Convulsion - lack of consistency !
Exceeded my expectations. Food was really good and fresh! We loved the soup dumplings!
YUMMMM!!! This place definitely serves up some delicious soup dumplings. Service is friendly & quick. Will def be back!
Is there any better way to burn your mouth than with a big slurp of scalding hot soupy goodness full of crab mustard, gelatin and pork fat? I ask, though it may sound like a rhetorical question, I do search for an answer.
This is my go-to spot for Xiao Long Baos.The wait can be long sometimes depending on how busy it is, but once you're sat and the food arrives, you'll totally forget about the wait.RECOMMENDATIONS:- Xiao Long Bao  - a MUST. Whether it's the normal pork one or the crab one. So. Juicy. - Szechuan Wontons  - Delicious! Ton of flavor from the sauce and it has a bit of spicy to it. I like dipping the cabbage leaves under the Xiao Long Baos in this sauce.- Liang Mien Huang (Pan Fried Seafood Noodles)  - One of my favorite noodle dishes in Chinese cuisine. The literal translation is Double Sided Yellow - basically it's pan fried so both sides are crispy. Once the seafood/sauce is dumped on top, the noodles starts to soften while keeping that crunch. Really satisfying.Though some dishes are a bit pricey, they're very good. If you're on a budget and just here to grab a quick bite, definitely go for the noodle soup dishes or the "on rice" dishes!
This is based on service alone.  I don't mind waiting for a table on a Saturday night.  What i do mind is when they tell you first that it will be 30 mins, then another 30 mins go by while you see every single group that's been waiting with you are seated before you.  We waited over a hr while everyone who got there even after us got seated while we were told its almost ready every 15 mins.  I doubt they all had reservations and even so they shouldn't mislead us by saying we Will be seated soon when they obviously didn't want to. We weren't even a huge group. I was so fed up, hungry and annoyed, we went next door to hop kee and they not only immediately sat us, wait staff awesome and food delicious!
Amazing. Both for budget and taste! I usually get the tiny dumplings and that's enough for lunch (and it's less than $5). Sometimes I add the scallion pancakes (these are deep fried, for the health conscious). With that added it's still less than $10 and keeps me full for both lunch and dinner, the latter of which I normally just have a salad because I'm too full! All of their main (entree) style dishes are absolutely fantastic as well, and great "family-style" for sharing. I would recommend the cashew chicken :)
I come here sometimes because it looks cleaner inside than the avg ctown place.  However, I  tried a stir-fry dish on my last visit that was not good, and had a long hair in it.  The scallion pancake and pork only soup dumplings taste good.  Not easy to find reliable clean eating in ctown these days....
Food was very good and the portions were big. I enjoyed the service.
Absolutely one of the best dim sum places I've been to in a long while. Dumplings taste so fresh and good.
Extensive dumpling menu and Shanghai cuisine. Food is very good, friendly service (could be more attentive), average portions, okay prices. Restaurant is clean, but, small and "tight." When busy, you feel like you are sharing tables. Get a booth if you can. Fabulous dumplings, wine chicken, duck. Great place to experiment with some non familiar dishes. Food is well prepared. I would recommend giving this place a try for the dumplings alone.
You have got to try the soup dumplings! They are amazing. I ordered the pork and the crab and pork (my wife doesn"t like seafood). These tender succulent little pouches of love are just to die for. Be careful however when you eat them. They are filled with a beautiful broth and portion of filling that if not careful will give you a nasty burn. Carefully bite off the top and sip some of the broth out. This is also a great time to add any table condiment you like. Then after a few cooling seconds your ready to go. We also got an order of beef and broccoli. Not bad but not as amazing as the dumplings.
The best meat and crab dumplings in NY. We have been here for so many times. There are also another Shanghai style traditional food.Serivice is good.
They need to do something about the cold air that gets into the restaurant.  The extra door is not doing much, if anything.  We were seated by the door, and it got too cold.  Right after we ordered, we asked the waiter if we could move to the booth that freed up by the wall, who needed to ask the hostess.  She came over and said rudely we can't take that booth, we can take the table by the other wall.  With dirty cups and chopsticks still on the table, we waited for it to be clean before moving over.  The hostess came by again and snapped at us.  "Are you going to move or not?!"  I docked one star for her attitude.The food itself was okay.  $5.70 for 8 soup dumplings was reasonable, wish there was more filling.  We also ordered pan fried buns, the Lion Head Meatball and Crispy Duck.  Buns were all suspiciously very uniform looking, as if they were machine made, and the dough tasted tough, like the frozen buns from asian supermarkets.  The Lion Head Meatball was very loosely packed together, and tasted just like the fillings from the soup dumplings.  The Crispy Duck was deep fried, while the taste was okay, it was not crispy.  Meh.
Fantastic staff and extremely quick service.. Dumplings were extremely juicy and, food is reasonably priced. Overall quite impressed with the ambiance and the food
"Fuck Yeah Dumplings Part Deux!"So if you don't know me, one of the first things you'll learn is that I'm obsessed with dumplings. Particularly fried pork dumplings but really almost any form of dumpling will do. As long as it's tasty and delicious. So, I decided to hold these events called "Fuck Yeah Dumplings" where a group of us get together and sample different dumpling restaurants around the city. Shanghai Asian Manor was the pick for Fuck Yeah Dumplings Part Deux.We had a group of about 15 people and the restaurant was definitely able to accommodate us. The atmosphere is loud and bustling and with such a large group, ordering was pretty chaotic. The waiters and waitresses speak English but assume if you're not Asian that you don't really know what you're ordering and point to the pictures. It's a tad insulting but we had plenty of Asians (like Jade N.) to compensate and order for the table.Now for the food...Ginger Wontons: the flavor was really intense and the wrapper too thin for me but Ashley S really liked them.Soup Dumplings (xaio long bao) - yummy. definitely good standard and satisfying soup dumplings but M. Shanghai still reigns as my favorite. Noodles: When they came out they looked like poop but Mike P. said they were pretty money. I'll have to take his word for it. Pork Fried Dumplings: Yum. Small, crispy, light. Delicious. Two thumbs up.Scallion Pancakes. Greasy. Actually, super greasy but delicious none the less.Lastly, the bathroom review. It's been a while since I've given one of these. They have two bathrooms located all the way in the back. One just for women and one for both men and women. The bathroom area is super tiny as are the bathrooms but both are clean and do the trick. I did think it was a little gross that there was a worker eating at a small kitchen area. I think it's where they stage the drinks but it's right across from the bathroom. I found it a little gross. Maybe I'm being extra sensitive. They did get an A health grade rating.
We went here with my mother-in-law. The food was great! We had the pork xiao long bao, the spicy dumplings, scallion pancakes, red bean pancakes, shrimp dumplings and the vegetable dumplings. Everything was prepared very, very well. The pancakes were fried crispy without being burned (yes, other places have crossed that line before). The veggie dumplings and shrimp dumplings were very savory and had just the right amount of stickiness on the outside to add a great texture, without getting stuck to your chopsticks. The red bean pancakes were the right balance between sweet and savory and were delish. The spicy dumplings were not too spicy, so everyone could enjoy them. Lastly, the xiao long bao...if I had never ever had it in my life, I would have fallen in love with Shanghai Asian Manor's excellent rendition of this wonderful soup filled dumpling. However, although it was expertly prepared and very delicious, my favorite xiao long bao spot is still Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao on Prince St in Flushing. But, Shanghai Asian Manor was certainly a really wonderful place to eat. The restaurant was quaint, the bathroom was very clean (YESSS!) and the service was very friendly. I hit it off pretty well with one waitress who was attentive, patient and friendly. Would DEFINITELY recommend! And, I shall return!!
Our favorite soup dumpling restaurant.  The basic pork ones come out perfect each time and our 5 year old daughter can finish one whole basket of soup dumplings all by herself!
Everything that I had was really good, yet nothing was mind blowing, which was the hope I had when I tried the Soup Dumplings with truffle. Let me admit that they were definitely good, yet was it good enough to pay twice as much as regular dumplings? I'll leave that up to you to decide, but in my opinion, the answer is no. Other than that, the place is fairly clean, staff is friendly, and other than the wait which is not unusual for good soup dumpling places, I have no negatives. I will definitely come back if in the area.
Don't come here thinking u will experience fine dining or a five course a la carte meal with wine.It's the kind of place you go for a quick lunch. For that you can expect awesome food for extremely reasonable prices.What more could you ask for?
When I first entered all the tables were full. It's a small restaurant but surprisingly there are people waiting to get seated. I really enjoyed their pork soup dumplings the most. The outside layer is thin and there is a lot of soup. It is basically soup dumplings, because most places does not have that much soup inside and the layer is usually a bit thicker than here. I definitely will come back to try the crab one to see how flavorful it is.
Probably more of a 3.5 star review.  Everything we had was good, but not mind blowing.  We ordered the scallion pancake, vegetable spring rolls, vegetable fried rice, Shanghai soup dumplings, Kung pao chicken and pan fried pork dumplings.  The pork dumplings were perfectly cooked and great.  The rice was quite bland and underwhelming.  Service was good and they were very courteous.  I would go back.
This is my to-go Chinese restaurant to go to when I'm in Chinatown. The food is amazing and the service is prompt. When I go, I usually order the spicy wontons, shanghai soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and rice cakes. Don't let the hype of Joe's Shanghai fool you. The soup dumplings here are so much better without the ridiculous wait! All the other entrees that I've had here have been really good as well.
The service here is definitely one of the better ones.  They try to seat you as soon as possible and  they don't rush you.  I RECOMMEND THESE: SOUP DUMPLINGS / STEAMED TINY BUNSI'm not a soup dumpling expert... but I enjoyed these.  For sure better than some other places in Chinatown.  KAU FUIt is part of the cold dishes/appetizer menu.  You can select up to 3 things on one plate but I'm good with just this.  I've never had it before and my friend just ordered it.  LOVE IT.  I thought it was some type of tofu but I looked it up and apparently it is wheat gluten/mock duck/gluten meat.  Anyway, definitely give this a try!  SZECHUAN STYLE WONTONThe szechuan sauce is delicious (not super oily and sadly only a tiny kick of spiciness and yummy with rice).  Their wontons alone, can be better but the sauce is really the main component of the dish.  SWEET RED BEAN PANCAKESAlthough this is listed in the appetizer section, it is great for dessert.  SOOO crispy, warm and yummy.  Me and my friends were all full but downed it in a couple of seconds. SHREDDED PORK WITH BAMBOO SHOOTSI personally love this dish.  I wish it was spicy, then it'll be perfect. There is a picture of it on the menu but it looks deceiving because the bamboo shoots look like noodles.  It also comes with a few tiny bits of celery which adds to the dish.  Also, this is a dish that you'll want to eat with rice.  There was also some type of fish fillet wine dish (on the specials menu) that was pretty good.  Overall, a nice restaurant with good food (both their soup dumplings and their dishes) plus service.
I didn't think I'd say this but, this place was actually one of the memorable eateries in NY for me. There definitely isn't something unique about it..it isn't like this is a must eat place when you visit New York like you would, a New York style pizza place or bagel shop. I think I just enjoyed it because the food was good and if I were a local, I would come here.We ordered the Xiao Long Bao, the Udon Lo Mien and Stir Fried Green Beans. The Xiao Long Bao was awesome. The dough was delicate, it was much bigger in comparison to the xiao long bao served up in LA (Din Tai Fung, Mama's Lu, etc) but, it was just as delicious. There was a ton of broth in the dumping and it was slightly sweeter than I was used to. The Udon Lo Mien was incredibly greasy..in fact, it glistened! But, man oh man was it good. Good flavoring. Only downside is that the shrimp was so tiny! They were about the size of a penny..ridiculous!And the Stir Fried Green Beans were just as greasy..but, just as tasty. A tiny bit overcooked for me however, the flavor was spot on.Hey, this isn't a place to eat at when you want to be healthy but, who cares about health when the smell of stir fry comes wafting through the air when they set the dishes down on your table?All 3 dishes for $27. Not too shabby, Shanghai Asian Manor.
This review is based on a one time delivery order.We ordered:Steamed dumplings; 3 starsPork dumplings; 2 starsGarlic Eggplant; 3 starsFamily Style Tofu 2 starsThis order took over 45 minutes to come, closer to 60 minutes.  The restaurant is in Chinatown, we are in Battery Park City, so not exactly close, 2-3 neighborhoods away, so long delivery time is to be expected.I thought food was "meh", my husband thought it was A-OK and would like to try it again.  I did not think it was bad, I would try it again.  But it wasn't an overwhelming YES for me.The garlic eggplant was perfectly cooked and had a nice flavor though it was not spicy.  The family style tofu I thought was bland and chewy, it was served in generic "brown" sauce and had broccoli in it.The steamed veg dumplings my husband says were good.  He liked them, me not so much, but not because they were bad, I just didn't care for them.My son liked the pork dumplings, they looked a bit like a hotdog was the filling (it wasn't).We'll give it one more try.
Consistently good health inspection scores on ABC Eats. Tried the pork soup dumplings. They're good. And, cheap! Need to cradle them with a spoon b/c they break open very easily. Not doughy at all. The cabbage was fresh and sweet. The service was great!
I was totally underwhelmed. Soup dumplings were bland and the wrapper was too sticky and thin (two of our dumplings broke before we touched them). Bak choi tasted oddly smokey and whatever they cooked it in was watery and not rich. The only positive was the good service. I would much rather go to Joe's for soup dumplings.
Everything is delicious down to the tea. I had crispy Szechuan style beef which is amazing, I could keep eating the stuff forever. Good prices too. I'd definitely come back.
I love the asian food here. Every time I come here, I always get the sichuan wontons, boneless pig leg and red bean paste pancakes. So delicious!!!! Also try the soups. I enjoy healthy eating. Their soups are so refreshing, non oily, not thick. Perfect! Boneless pig leg is a cold cut dish. It is similar to ham/turkey/etc. It is very light and refreshing. Red bean paste pancakes is more of a dessert. It is fried and sweet but not too sweet, but I only like to eat small quantities of fried food. I had the soup dumplings here before. It was pretty good. The service is pretty quick. If I were to rate it, it would be a little above average (for an Asian restaurant).
Dear god, it IS true.  I was stubbornly staying loyal to Shanghai 456 as my go to favorite Manhattan spot for soup dumplings for so long and just didn't want to believe that I could be wrong.  But damn... Shanghai Asian manor really is better.  The skins are more delicate, the soup is richer, and the pork is porkier.  They are just... better.  Dammit.  I just read through the rest of the reviews here and can't even begin to understand what is wrong with the rest of the people who go here.  If you are on the fence, I recommend reading all the negative reviews, those alone should be enough to convince you that this place is delicious and you need to GET INSIDE NOW.
This is the best Chinese food I've eaten.  Everything is just wonderful!! Try the sesame chicken and broccoli beef. You will not be disappointed.  They don't mess around! Friendly, attentive, and quick staff.
The scallion pancakes are phenomenal. The soup dumplings are good, but not the best I've ever had. I would say they're better than Joe's Shanghai but not quite flavorful enough to be 100% authentic. Overall, I'd probably give them a 7/10. Prices are great and overall, had a good experience, so I'll probably head back some time to try out other things on the menu.
Better then the average Chinatown dive restaurant. The food is consistently good and very well prepared. Go for the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and any of the noodle dishes.
This is a great place to get authentic Shanghainese food, or just dimsum.pork dumplings, cold jellyfish, dumpling in chilli sauce, doumiao (a kind of chinese veggie), rice cake dishes...A very very satisfying dimsum brunch of great variety, would cost you only 15 per person, including tax and tip.(they accept credit card. )They don't have crazy line, so no need to make reservation.Shanghai Asian Manor is too good to be overlooked!
Let me start by saying that Xiao Long Bao's (soup dumplings/steamed buns) are my singular most favorite food item to ever eat.  From the pouring of the vinegar over the dumpling and into your soup spoon, to taking that first bite off of the skin, and sucking that soup down.I have only had Joe's in midtown, so this may not be fair to Joe's, but Shanghai Asian Manor is my favorite place for Xiao Long Bao in Manhattan.  The skin is much thinner than Joe's.  Although thinner, they were strong enough to endure the tug away from the steamer.  The meat inside is also perfect size.  Not too big, not too small.  Just a little ball of "goddamn!"The other item I consistently get here is the Shanghai Noodles.   The noodles are super chewy and thick.  The noodles are packed with a lot of flavor and that wok cooked flavor is very prevalent in each strand.For Manhattan, this is a very solid Shanghainese joint.
Very good fried dumpling and dim sum. Prob the best fried dumplings I've had in a while. I give it a 4 start because of the service, I was waiting for a waiter to take my order for 15 minutes after our menus were closed. If I could I would give it a 4.5 but this was closer. I would come here again!
My friend took me here to celebrate Chinese New Year with her family and all I can say is " YES YES YES !"  Soup dumplings were on point! We ordered them with pork inside and with a little bit of vinegar they were heaven in a spoon!  I wish I could even remember any of the other dishes we ordered because nothing was short of fantastic. It really is a hole in a wall restaurant, which I think is what gives it its charm.
Came to Chinatown during my visit to NYC craving xiao long bao and good Shanghainese/Chinese food. Was pretty disappointed with Shanghai Asian Manor, there are much better Chinese restaurants in the area. We had a group of 5 and ordered pork XLB, crispy aka fried duck, twice cooked pork, spinach w/ garlic, and pepper steak beef. When we got the pork dish, we weren't sure it was pork since there were so many veggies. I love veggies but when I order a meat dish, I want meat. The portions were so small and the amount of meat was disappointing. The food was decent and I will admit that the XLB were very good. The waiter also couldn't figure out how to split a check. The manager came back with some BS that they could only split using 2 credit cards (probably since they are charge per transaction?) and the waiter still had trouble doing this. I'd give this a 2 compared to NYC standards but will bump to a 3 for the XLB.
I've been here several time and the food has always been good and the service has been good. The place is always clean. This time I went there with my girlfriend, they were out of a fish dish that my girlfriend wanted the service was slow.. It took them a while to bring out our food.. I really like the shanghai pork dumpling..
Mid afternoon lunch. 6.95 gen tso chick. Good stuff. I witnessed the tourist crowd. Don't worry.
3.5 is fair, but lets roll it up to a 4-star review.  I left the ordering to the beast since she has an affinity to lose control I thought I just give her the helm.  We ordered the Siu Long Baos, Shanghai Rice Cake, Jellyfish & Drunken Chicken Combo, and Tofu w/ 1000 y/o Egg.  They were a little slow with the tea and the Tofu took some reminding that we had ordered it.  She thought the pork was a bit too lean/ dry, but that's how I fancy it.  It's my way to assure that I'm getting "soup" dumplings as opposed to a soup/ fatty mixture of liquid when it bursts in my mouth.  The soy sauce vinegarette was awesome as well.The drunken chicken wasn't drunk enough, but everything else was fine.  I won't order the Special Tofu dish again though - there are better options to have as appetizers.  Will definitely come back for the dumplins.
I went here with coworkers after a work event, and as you know in China Town there are a lot of options. This is one that you need to try, as their food is authentic, service was fast and hospitable, and again the food, it was amazing. We had the lo mein which had a thicker noodle then other lo main dishes I've had, but it was so good and the noodle had great texture.The same for the steamed pork "bun" dumplings and they had a thicker skin but it was light and fluffy like freshly baked bread, but steamed. We had a beef dish that was recommended, general Tso chicken which was incredibly crunchy, chicken and broccoli, and the crispy noodles.Overall everything was good, but of the noodles I would recommend the lo mein. I will definitely be back.
I came here on a Sunday evening and I waited 30 minutes for 2 person seating. Service was decent and ambience was great. It was decorated with some cute Halloween decorations. Anyway, best soup dumpling ever, specifically the Black Truffle soup dumpling. It was the priciest, but for a reason. To be honest, I accidentally ordered this one instead of the original pork one and boy was that the best mistake ever! It had been a month and I am still craving it!!
One of the many soup dumplings on Mott Street that serves delectable crab/beef/chicken in thin dumpling skin with hot soup inside. Service here is typically what you'd expect at any restaurant in Chinatown. You tell them what you'd like, they'd give it to you and the waiters/waitresses won't bother you until it's time to pay. Definitely order any of the soup dumplings and the bean paste noodles which are also a famous Taiwanese dish. Be careful when eating the soup dumplings because they do have a tendency to pop and burn your tongue if you're not careful.
HAIR IN MY SOUP DUMPLINGS. I found this place after I googled "Best Soup Dumplings in NYC." I was forced to try this because my favorite soup dumpling spot on Lafayette closed. Which truly breaks my heart.Anyway Shanghai Asian Manor was recommended and I decided to give it a shot, I ordered to go. The dumplings were decent, but there was hair in one of my dumplings and in the dipping sauce. PIECES OF HAIR. Needless this will be the last time I eat there. Hopefully in the future the hygiene will improve.
My fave soup dumpling place is din Tai fung in la so it's hard to impress me, but this place is legit, for nyFood: soup dumplings, mock duck, mein, Dan Dan noodles and hot sour soup. Everything was tasty. The soup dumplings had really great broth but meat and skin were a little weak. Service: fast and furiousPrice: cheap, can feed villageWait is long but worth it
I rarely rate anything 5 stars because I usually need to be pleased in all aspects (food taste/quality/price "worth it", service, and atmosphere), but this place definitely deserves 5 stars as a quality Chinese food restaurant in my book! I usually find that most Chinese restaurants are usually lacking in one of the aspects I listed above, but SAM definitely wasn't. I came here on a Saturday early afternoon (2PM) with my boyfriend, and we had a reasonable 15 minute wait. We ordered:- Pork Soup Dumplings - perfect! Not too salty/oily!- Fried Jumbo Shrimp with Wonderful Fruit Sauce - shrimp was greatly crispy and the sauce was super interesting! - Scallion Pancakes - fried to a perfect crisp with a sweet-salty sauce to go with it!- Fried Pork Buns - decent, but I personally liked the soup dumplings better!The service was quick, the hostess was sweet, and our server was very efficient! The space itself is nice and bright, and not too cramped (as most Chinese restaurants can usually get). I'll definitely be coming back here!
Shanghai Asian Manor leaves no room for disappointment. Everything here is delicious and the service is fantastic. This time we tried the kung pao chicken, chicken fried rice, pork soup dumplings, schezuan style wontons, and the fried pork buns. The schezuan wontons were delicious, it was my first time trying them here! Same goes for the kung pao chicken. The fried buns were even better this time around - the bread was crispy and fluffy and there was much more filling inside. :) forever my favorite soup dumpling spot in the City.
I'd like to dine in to really get the full experience, and plan to do so whenever in their 'hood and looking for this kind of cuisine.  I think I may have not ordered as well as I could for delivery on a chilly day.  And I also cheaped out.  Def worth a try for more of their menu items to find those real stars.Black Truffle Soup Dumplings were very good.  I'm sure even better in house at the freshly-steamed temperature.  Divine little purse treats!The spicy stewed beef over rice is exactly what I should have gotten for $7: the cheapest cut with all the sinew and cartilage stewed for Jebus to get it as soft as possible.  But such cheap meat even the softest bits were still a bit chewy....mostly all sinew and cartiledge...plenty of rice.  Good stew liquid...nice and thick...not a bit spicy.  That's where the fail blog came in.  Don't mind the rest since it's what I paid for...do mind it not being spicy.But, they obviously know what they're doing...and, if you have the yuan...it's a place worth getting the higher quality plates and diggin' in.  Hope to get back there soon!
Love this place! Delicious food, very well priced. Always leave with full bellies, and are always amazed at how little we spent.Order family style- share the wealth! My friends and I need to try some new things, but the regulars are always SO GOOD!
This place takes me back to my culture. I have a hispanic/ latin culture. I am certainly not asian, but they make me feel like I am part of this. Great staffing. 5 minute to 20 minute break during lunch, but it is worth the wait. They treat you kindly. By the way, this place is so good they have known  me for 2 whole years. I suggest you try it out before you proceed to look at the comments below these. They are all good and the food is GREAT!
This is my favorite place of all time in Chinatown that is. I was looking for some good Chinese food and I googled best Chinese in NYC and this happened to pop up.  There is nothing wrong that you can get on this menu. Now let me tell you what your gonna order for sure. You can not come here and not get the scallion pancakes. When I say I'm crazy opposed I'm not lying. The best scallion pancakes I've had and I have been around. Then your wanna also get the soup dumplings (pork). That broth inside that bad boy is to DIE for.  The portions are huge so you could most definitely share so bring your family and friends and have a feast. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I'm in here so much the staff knows me as well as the owner who is a great guy.  This place could get pretty packed being that it is on the small side so try to beat the lunch and dinner rushes which vary from 12pm-2pm  (lunch) and around 5pm-7pm. But if you happen to get here during the rushes don't be scared away and impatient the food is worth the wait !!!!!!! I have nothing negative to say about the place only tip is bring CASH they stoped taking every debit/credit card except AMEX.
Those soup dumplings had me wanting more. I appreciated that the skin was a good consistency and not too thick. The dumplings itself are on the larger side and comes with a generous amount of soup - granted you don't pop any! (Just be careful when you pick up the dumplings) The meat filling wasn't dry or fatty or bland. I'm glad my friends from the city took me here and I can't wait to consume more of their soup dumplings!We also ordered beef stew noodle soup and chicken lo mein but the dumplings took the show. Both dishes were also great and really enjoyed the beef stew.
A small restaurant serving decent Shanghainess food. We highly recommend the Wuxi spareribs. Very authentic and so delicious. We also tried the hot and sour soup, roasted duck and beef lo mein. All were very good. The service was also very good. The waiters and waitresses were very attentive. Well worth the money.
I came here for dinner on a Saturday night around 9pm and there was only a 5 minutes waiting.To start with, they give you hot tea for free, which is great on a cold day while you wait for your food. We weren't super hungry so we just ordered appetizers and soup.I ordered the hot and sour soup, which was delicious. For appetizers, we got the pork soup dumplings (#2 on the menu) and wontons. Both were good, definitely recommend trying the dumplings. The service was good and fast. If I get a chance, I would definitely go back to try the entrees.
Yooooo this place is D A N K. Hands down was one of the best meals I've had in New York. Holy shit. Must try. 11/10 recommend. I can't speak on the authenticity of Shanghainese food, but hot damn it was greatttttt Chinese food in general. 3 friends and I got scallion pancake, 4 orders of xiaolongbao, ma po tofu with rice, fried pork buns with pork and fried squid. Being a scallion pancake fanatic, their scallion pancake was literally SO good.. the perfect amount of oil and salt. Must try. I can't even explain to you how good the xiaolongbao was...my god. The perfect amount of soupy soup and heavenly minced meat. Also being a ma po tofu crazy person, the tofu was made with the just-right amount of spice and scallions. No bullshit - just feel-good tofu. We came on a Saturday afternoon around 2pm and there was still a 20ish minute wait. Regardless, worth. You'll see me hear again.
Had a pleasant meal here although it's far too popular for me to make this a go to spot. The wait was crazy on a Friday evening after 6, and with the number of other options in the area, I probably wouldn't bother waiting that long. This place seems to be the spot for soup dumplings (but as is my case, I'm usually craving non-soup dumpling Shanghainese food).We tried:Pork Soup Dumplings - Pretty good, lots of soup with relatively thin skins (that didn't break when picking up).Crab Soup Dumplings - Not as good as the pork soup dumplings. The crab lent it an odd (fishy?) taste that I wasn't a fan of. Usually I'm a fan of the crab, but skip the version here.Kao Fu - The pictures made the version here seem pretty unappetizing, but I was pleasantly surprised to be proved wrong. The version here isn't quite as good as 21 Shanghai House - it's a bit too saucy and sweet - but I still enjoyed it (and it's much better than many other renditions I've tried in NYC). Again no lily flowers, but at least had some assortment of mushrooms. Drunken Chicken - Yum yum! I really liked the version here, super tender chicken. The version here tends to lean towards stronger wine taste, but not overwhelmingly so.Jellyfish - I wasn't a huge fan, and others found the flavoring of this jellyfish to be a bit different than usual. Veggie steamed dumplings - It has a veggie (I can't put my finger on it) that I'm not a huge fan of, and might be more of an acquired taste thing.Bok choy - Pretty standard but good.
I recently moved back to NYC after a seven year hiatus,  which meant I needed to seek out the best XLBs in town. I came here based in great reviews and the food didn't disappoint. I'd love to come back to try the noodle dishes next time.
Their soup dumplings are one of the best in the city! The dumpling wrappers are the perfect texture, light enough to not steal the attention from the soup and filling inside, yet durable enough to hold all it contains. The filling and soup were so flavorful, I became addicted instantly. I love the original pork as well as the crab flavors, but not so much the truffle because there wasn't enough truffle flavor in my opinion. I also really liked their pan fried noodles and rice cakes, but it's definitely the soup dumplings I'm coming back for!
Shanghai Asian Manor is my go to spot if I'm craving XLB in the city. There's usually a bit of a wait so be prepared to wait or come with just one other person. I'm pretty picky when it comes to XLB but Shanghai Asian Manor is doing it right - thin wrapper, lots of soup, and bursting with flavor. I typical get an order of pork XLB and crab XLB just to cover my bases. They have a wide variety of Shanghainese dishes on the menu, so there's always something new to try. Tip: They have a green onion oil noodle that's not on the menu, but definitely ask for it. It may be a simple dish, but it's super addicting. Overall, Shanghai Asian Manor is a casual spot with yummy Chinese food. However, they only take Amex or cash. If you ever find yourself craving XLB or just some good Chinese food, check yourself into Shanghai Asian Manor.
Srvice was really fast and the environment was very friendly. They served us a nice hot cup of tea and took our order right away. I believe we ordered crab soup dumplings and we also got black truffle soup dumplings because we never heard of that before. Wait was not long at all. The crab soup dumplings were great, however, I really recommend trying the black truffle! That was by far my favorite one. Its different and delicious! I would have given this a 5 star for soup dumplings, however, I believe theres a lot of msg in it because I was very thirsty throughout the rest of the day. Overall, it was delicious.
shit waiter！shit！ bad service！ to be honest, the taste is not bad. But I don't recommend this restaurant to you guys!
Dumplings were very juicy. Unacceptable service. On our first visit, we asked the waitress what she would recommend.  She rolled her eyes and told us to look at the pictures on the wall. I would highly recommend the dumplings!!!
Five stars for soup dumplings alone (crab or pork) are simply amazing and better than the other ones I've had in Chinatown - and I grew up here!!!!
This place is always packed because it is a big tourist spot. The soup dumplings here are not bad, but could be better. (At least its better than Joe Shanghai) The sweet pea tips (Veggie dish) are amazing.  Just satay with some oil and garlic. (We got two dishes of these)
Came here late one night and was told that kitchen was about to close but if we ordered quickly, we could sit down.  Had a regular pork and a crab soup dumplings.  Those were the best dishes we ordered.  Everything else was ok.Food - 3 (everything was a bit too salty and gravy-ish for me)Service - 3Atmosphere - 2 (cleanliness is a bit lacking)Value - 3
The steamed tiny buns at Shanghai Asian Manor has definitely won me and my boyfriend over!!!What we ordered for 2 ppl:#1.  Steamed tiny buns w/ crab meat and pork (8) --- $6.95The combination of crab meat and pork mixed very well together.  The meat stayed in one piece and did not fall apart.  Soup temperature was just right-not too oily and salty.  I liked how the dough created such a thin skin layer of the bun.#85.  Sliced chicken w/ eggplant in garlic sauce --- $9.95Chicken was very tender and not dry at all.  Eggplant was amazing with the garlic sauce!  #134.  Shanghai Lo Mien w/ chicken --- $5.95Again, chicken was very tender so gotta pat my boyfriend on the back for choosing chicken for the night.  Lo mien was chewy and each strand was very flavorful.The best part of our dinner was that the food did not take long to leave the kitchen.No complaints and will return for more oh-so-scrumptious steamed tiny buns!!!***Surprisingly, they have Thai Iced Tea on the menu but I didn't order it.  I am not too sure how a Thai Iced Tea will taste like from a Shanghai restaurant lol.
First dinner in NYC! It was recommended by our hotel. The tiny buns (with soup inside) and the dumplings were really good! The beef and broccoli was excellent. The hot and sour soup was very bland and the tangerine chicken was breaded and over sweet. They were not able to accommodate a gluten free request even though there was a big poster about the dangers of food allergies in their kitchen area (gluten free soy sauce is readily available so I'm not sure why they can't accommodate).  Seems like a no-brainer to me.
Delicious food, inexpensive, and efficient service.  Was craving some soup dumplings and this hit the spot perfectly.  We also got the Shanghai style lo mein with mixed meat..saucey and flavorful!  A rated too.  I will def be going back.
Best soup dumplings in the city. It is also ridiculously clean for being in chinatown. Don't go to Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe to get snobby services and super lame soup dumplings. Shanghai Asian Manor is SO MUCH better.
I was there last week with my boyfriend. He is from out of town and Chinatown was one of the few places left on his bucket list. We were in the mood for something different so we opted for Shanghainese instead of Chinese, and seeing the good reviews Shanghai Asian Manor had on Yelp we decided to give it a try. The place is tiny (as every other in Chinatown), but it didn't take us long to get a table (maybe 10 minutes). The staff was cordial and willing to help us with our questions. We ordered vegetable dumplings as appetizer, which were really good and well-seasoned (I still prefer pork dumplings but again, we were in the mood for something different). Not knowing the amount of food that came in each plate, I ordered the Dry Sauteed Shredded Beef and my boyfriend ordered the tangerine beef, along with fried rice. Five stars for how much food was served, we could have easily ordered only one of the three dishes and left the restaurant fully satisfied and paid only a third of what we did. The only problem is that we thought the food just way too sweet! It was my first Shanghainese experience so I am not sure this is how it was supposed to be, but saving the fried rice, the shredded and the tangerine beef were so sweet we could have had  it as dessert, as my boyfriend said. Don't get me wrong, we do like a bit of sweet food, after all we were after Chinese, but it was just so overwhelming that we had to bring more than half the food home and even then no one was willing to eat it.Will probably not be back, but we can't say we didn't have something different! :) Good thing: We took advantage of the fact that Little Italy was just across the street and stopped by on the way home to have some really good gelato!
We made our way to Shanghai Asian Manor around lunchtime on a Sunday with enormous appetites and intense cravings for soup dumplings. The place was understandably packed with a small crowd waiting in line, but three tables opened up all at once after fifteen short minutes. We quickly ordered soup dumplings with pork, scallion pancakes, and dandan mian and excitedly waited for our meal. And waited.While I won't say that there was preferential treatment (oops, I just did) we watched the couple who were seated at the same exact time as us get a total of THREE dishes before we got a single one of ours. They cleaned two and a half of their dishes before we were finally awarded our soup dumplings. Thankfully, the food made up for our initial unhappiness. The soup dumplings had the perfect filling of gingery pork and sizzling, savory, clear broth. I don't think J and I actually really spoke much to each other as we were busy taming our growling stomachs, taking in the deliciousness, and trying hard not to let any of the soup spill (such a waste!). After we finished our eight soup dumplings, I really, really wanted another order just because they were that good.The scallion pancakes were a bit disappointing. Four large pieces came in one order, but they didn't contain a lot of scallions and were very greasy. The dandan mian, which I thought was supposed to be spicy, was actually very mild. It may not have been the most authentic because there was very little heat, but the flavorful sauce was addictive and my sensitive tongue was very happy. Our three dishes came out to a total of about $15! Amazing! This is also one of the few places in Chinatown that takes credit cards for orders over $20.Likelihood of another visit:When I have a craving for soup dumplings but don't want to wait too long, I know where to go.
We went earlier this year, the food wasn't very good. We ordered xiao long bao and shrimp with walnuts. I didn't like the soup in the buns, it tasted a little off. The shrimp was greasy and rubbery, the worst I've ever had. To top it off, service was extremely slow for a completely empty restaurant.
I used to go to Joe's Shanghai regularly until a Chinese friend told me about this place. This place is cleaner, is less crowded, has better service, and tastes better than Joe's. Sorry Joe, but I have to break up with you because of SAM.  Their soup dumplings are great, especially the crab ones. Their tiny fried dumplings are also deeelish.
This review is only based on their vegetable steamed dumplings.  They are superb.  You get 8 for under 6 bucks.
The Xiaolong Bao's here are hands down the best in NYC/NJ that I've had, surpassing those of Petite Soochow (Cliffside Park, NJ) and Heping (Manhattan Chinatown).  The Pork versions are $5.45 and the Crab + Pork ones are an extra $2. The XLB's at Heping are bigger, with the crab ones having more crab, but the delicacy in taste and quality of black vinegar at Shanghai Asian Manor are better. The owners of here also own Shanghai Asian Cuisine at 14A Elizabeth (Manhattan Chinatown) a block away, and Shaghai Cuisine 33 on Main Street (Flushing, Queens).  For more info, visit: shanghaiasiancuisine.com & facebook.com/pages/Shang… .
Enjoyed everything here - def have the soup dumplings
I got here at 6PM on a Friday night, right before the rush.  The service was lacking.  They were so busy, I think they forgot about our table.  But if you wave them down, the wait staff will come to you and address your needs asap.The food was good!  My party ordered the steamed pork buns, seafood soup noodle, and wonton noodle soup.  While the seafood soup noodle is one of the pricier soup noodles, it came with LOTS of fresh seafood, so it was worth it.  We were all satisfied with the quality of food and price.Just be prepared to wait if you come during a rush time and also be prepared to flag down a waiter.
tl;dr: Very solid Chinatown choice, with authentic-tasting Shanghainese dishes. Portions are a bit smaller than other Chinese places, so perfect for a lighter family-style meal.Their menu features a number of Shanghainese classics; definitely try the 'kao fu'! One thing they didn't have which was a bit disappointing was the 'song zi yu' (the kind of whole fish that's flash-fried and served with a thick, red sauce). Their suggested substitute for it was not even close and kind of generic.Soup dumplings here are good; definitely consider coming here for these instead of waiting in the long Joe's Shanghai line!Reasonable prices; dishes are a bit on the small side for a Chinese family-style restaurant like this, which makes it great for a lighter meal / brunch. They also didn't make a fuss about us bringing in a birthday cake to eat after our meal!
Pretty delicious, totally affordable. I had the scallion pancake, egg drop soup, and the crispy duck. Scallion pancake was great. Crispy duck was a bit dry and I didn't care for the sauce. Next time I'll try the braised duck and the soup dumplings, which pretty much everyone in the restaurant ordered. The atmosphere was pleasant and the service was prompt and polite. Egg drop soup was fresh and light, which was a treat!
As it stated "Shanghai Asian Manor", although all in menu serving traditional Shanghainess dishes, I'd reluctantly recommend any Shanghai-born to dine there.  Ordered:Crab xiaolong Bao  ( so so...did not taste much crab flavor, miss the mark)Pork xiaolong Bao  ( could be better, the juice tasted different)Fried pork chops  ( good price but not as expected)Red braised fish tail  ( not sticky & gravy enough, miss the mark)Snow cabbage pork fried rice  (sounded really interesting but again, with bean sprout inside, this is not as expected)I have communicated with the owner / manager, she said the chief is from Hong Kong, so there we have the answer why the cuisine is not original.  All those commends above is from me, an native shanghai born. To majority people with no comparison are still recommended. Table service was adequate, for a place in such high volume. Cheers!
Good place for soup dumplings but I've had better. The upside is that they offer a nice selection of appetizers, mostly foods you can find in dim sum joints. However, the crispy duck that tasted more like dried up chicken is one I would not re-do again. I think that if I returned I would stick to the small plates and the soup dumplings.
They seat you really quickly here. Quick food service too. I also accidentally left my phone here and when I came back, they shouted with a smile "we've been saving it for you!" I will probably go here for my soup dumpling fix from now on. Good food, great prices. The food is also a little less greasy here than other places so I feel a BIT healthier?! I also ordered a couple of other items here like the braised noodles.
AWFUL!!!! I don't understand how this place could have so many stars.  My review is strictly on the quality of the food which was disgusting.  I ordered the kung pao chicken and the pork buns.  For the kung pao they had clearly used scrap chicken because there were so many hard gristles that i just threw it out after a couple attempts of eating it.The same thing goes for the pork buns, they were as awful as the kung pao but they certainly weren't legit pork.I will never order from here again.
Dumpling was not so good. Too sweet. Chiefs special noodle was reasonable but it was also too sweet. The fried rice was ok but not great.
Great dumplings! Had the snow pea dumplings and the shrimp and vegetable dumplings-- both steamed. For $5 a portion, I  initially thought it was expensive, but the quantity and size of the dumplings themselves was more than worth the price! Delicious!
It is impossible to compete with the Joe's Shanghai of my youth!  Right above legendary Hop Kee you will find here crabmeat/pork soup dumplings which are top notch.  The decor and service is very 1990's.  I also had their version of shrimp with chili sauce.  The dish was much tangier and less spicy than I usually like.  However, I must say that the flavors of the food, and spices were very distinct and fresh.  I love dishes that have a medley of wonderful tastes.  This restaurant is much more expensive than the tradiitonal chinatown restaurants of the past.  I must say that this is no longer very unusual.  I would look forward to trying some other dishes here soon!
First things first. I've never had a soup dumpling and heard these are the best, so had to check it out. It may be all the rage, but after trying them, I conclude that I prefer dumplings in my soup vs. soup in my dumplings. Nothing against these specimens, which were tasty. They just didn't wow me, and left me wanting a bowl of Wonton Soup. With that said, I am a simple man when it comes to Chinese food. Wonton soup, Sesame chicken + Fried Rice & I'm good to go. Shanghai Asian Manor is the best I have had in a long time. The sesame chicken was not overly battered or fried, making for a moist chicken bite with a crispy crust, in a very rich sauce. The fried rice is also not heavy or greasy.  We will be back, though next time for Wonton Soup instead of the soup dumplings.
I've got to admit. This place is pretty good compared to the usually shanghai spots that I've been to in ct. The juice of the small shanghai buns were really different from other restaurants(in a good way). Although service wasn't that great and the place was semi-packed, I think they deserve these stars.Cons:-My friend asked to change a small item cause she didn't like something and the waiter disappears for a good 10 minutes cause he NEEDED to ask the manager... -.-
This place never disappoints. One of my favorite shanghainese restaurants in manhattan. Ordered the shredded pork & preserved cabbage rice cake, fried tiny pork buns and pork xlb and crab&pork xlb. Service is good and did I mention the A health rating?! Nothing beats good food and cleanliness.Leaving with a happy tummy.
One of the best Chinese restaurant ! Went there twice, order different food and still really impressed by the quality of the food.
We tried going to SAM on a Friday night in late October but there was a long wait, so we went to Shanghai Cafe instead (*not* so good).Fast forward to last night (~8pm on a Monday): we had better luck and easily snagged a booth at SAM. We only ordered 3 dishes between the two of us, but all were excellent. The soup dumplings were very good, as others have noted -- thin skin, tender dough, ample flavorful broth and not too salty. We also had a ground chicken in lettuce cups dish -- this was also delicious: light, fresh and lean, Finally, sauteed udon noodles with beef -- a glossy tangle of thick, tender strands with nicely-seared meat, crisp-tender bok choy and savory, not salty or gloppy sauce.Tab was ridiculously modest - around $23 w/o tip. I'd definitely go back.
The food here was fine. The service was really great. Not my favorite chinese place, but not the worst either. Good space. The rating is based just on food. Good place to take friends who are visiting. They can accomodate a large group if you go early.
For anyone looking for great dim sum!! U found the place. Everything was amazing. The soup dumplings and the noodles were the best I have ever had!
For this place, the food is top notch. I believe this is the best soup dumpling place I have ever been to. Granted, it is quite a trip from my home town in NJ, it is very much worth the trip a lot of times. Not only are the soup dumplings delicious, but they are so cheap!On top of the soup dumplings, I also enjoy the salty cabbage pork noodle soup. And for me, one order of soup dumplings and one order of salty cabbage pork noodle soup is enough to hold me for several hours. One huge negative is the atmosphere. The restaurant owners seem to want to get you out as soon as possible doesn't matter if you are oriental or not, they just want to get you out so they can get as many customers as possible. This is simply the only reason why I deducted one star from it. Another must-go in Chinatown!
Best soup dumplings in the city. Tried the chicken feet, big mistake. Service can be a little slow, but the prices cant be beat! Awesome dumpling spot, I will be returning.
Umm, I don't understand why this restaurant has such a high evaluation. The previous comments spoke so highly of the steamed buns/xiaolongbao here, that I had to give it a shot. However, it was bad! The soup didn't taste fresh and the meat had a horrible texture. Other dishes we tried neither looked ok nor taste good. Anyway, nothing is authentic Chinese in Chinatown except for dim sum. But if you enjoy American Chinese food, this is not a bad choice.
The xiao long bao soupy dumplings rivaled Joe's Shanghai and the wait was 30 minutes less!   For me, that deserves at least 4 stars.  I added an extra star for service.  It's not the fanciest restaurant, but the service was pretty good for Chinatown.
We waited in line for over an hour based on the amazing Yelp reviews and the longwait how cold it be bad. It wasnt bad, it was good, but not wait an hour in the cold good.  The soup dumplings were large and full of broth, but to me they weren't as flavorful as others Ive had.  The truffle sup dumplings however were amazing and they made the entire meal worth the wait.  The scallion pancakes were good, a bit greasy and again b no means award winners.  The crispy beef was also good bt a bit too tart.  Overall the meal was good, and we might visit again, but not if we have to wait, especially with so many great places in Chinatown..
I had the crab soup dumplings, regular pork soup dumplings and the Shanghai lo mein with meat and shrimp. The soup dumplings were delicious. Not that greasy. Just wished there was more soup inside. The noodles didnt have a lot of meat. I cannot speak for the rest of the food at Shanghai Asian Manor. They make really good soup dumplings and even fried dumplings. It's clean...ish and they wont rush you. NEAR NO TOURISTS!! I loved the food that I had.I prefer going for soup dumplings at Shanghai Asian Manor over the famous tourist trap soup dumpling place on Pell Street where they squeeze you into tiny spaces that is very uncomfortable for me. The wait is not worth the food at the famous tourist trap soup dumpling place on Pell Street. I rather go to Shanghai Asian Manor for my soup dumpling cravings.
Went twice recently.  Very good dim sum!  Good quality Chinese.
Always in search of a decent soup dumpling without having to trek out to Queens, we have tried a few places in Chinatown and have, quite frankly, been left wanting. They're either not soupy enough or the dumpling itself is too gelatinous and sticky - don't want sticky dumplings now, do we?Stumbled across Shanghai Asian Manor while waiting (as usual) for my late husband. There was a short wait (5 mins - busy Saturday lunchtime) and then we were in. Decent decor, good service with nice waiters and most importantly, MOST excellent soup dumplings. Ordered a truckload of them along with some steamed baby bok choy which wasn't on the menu, but they accommodated us anyway - we felt the need for greens that day.The dumplings were a good size, had plenty of soup inside, decent amount of meat, the skin was strong enough not to fall apart and spill all the delicious soupiness onto the lurking lettuce and weren't sticky at all. Loved them. Will definitely be back. We thought they were every bit as good as ones we've had at top-rated places in Queens and they're certainly the best we've had in Manhattan.Nice one Shanghai Asian Manor - see you soon!
I made many mistakes today, one of which was going to Chinatown during Chinese New Year, the second of which was driving into Chinatown during Chinese New Year. Coming here was not one of my mistakes. Waiting for 25 minutes to get seated was not either. Asking for four orders of soup dumplings (shared between four people) was easily the best decision I made. Shanghai Asian Manor serves one of the best soup dumplings I've had. The dumplings themselves are a good size; skins are thin; the soup is clear, yet still porky, and the meat is soft, gingery, and flavorful. On a blistering cold and windy day like today, piping hot soup dumplings really hit the spot. I'm not sure what it's called in English (Shanghai cho chow in Cantonese), but the Shanghai style stir-fried thick noodles is decent but nothing extraordinary. The noodles are soft and if you like shrimp, they give you a lot. They don't skimp on the other ingredients either - lots of veggies, mushrooms, and shredded pork.I'll be back to try their other offerings. At least Chinese New Year should be over by the time I do, and navigating Chinatown will not require stepping over children mesmerized by confetti or encountering raging cursing females fruitlessly trying to bull their way through the crowds.
Freaking love this place. Awesome food, cheap prices! You just can't go wrong here. Every time I come I try to order at least one new thing. Service is pretty slow, and I often have to ask for ice water and a side of white rice more than once, but I'll deal with it for this tasty and inexpensive food! So far, best Chinese food I've had in NYC. Definitely will return!
I treked down here with my husband, three yr old boy and 1 yr old daughter.  Despite being little kids with temper tantrums locked into a small table....  It was worth it!!!!!  Kudos to the staff for being so understanding.... normally, I would never come here with two little kids, but I needed some good food!!!  The pork and crabmeat dumplings were wonderful....rich, delicate and scrumptious!  The steamed pork dumplings were also a hit with my two kids as were their har-gow!!!  Soooo good....I wish I didn't live in Illinois -- the land of no-good-dim-sum anywhere.  I miss living in NYC..... so worth the visit, so worth the food....so worth the headache of dining with two small kids.
Go to Joe's if you've never been. Then go to Shanghai Asian Manor always and forevermore. Why? Because its better food, service, seating and decor.The crispy duck is delicious, obviously the soup dumplings are on par or better than Joe's.The pork lo-mien missed the mark, they use fat soba noodles instead of the thin ones and the protein was scarce but that's trivial compared to how nice everyone is and you really cant judge a place by noodle alone.go to SAM.
Took my family of 5 here during kid's Spring Break.  Place was hopping even late, when we got there, which is a good sign.  Place was nicely decorated, and very clean and the wait staff were very good.  Numerous different people made sure we got what we needed.  Didn't have to wait for one waiter.  Every dish of the meal was excellent, some better than others.  Fried Jumbo Shrimp With Fruit Sauce is off the charts amazing.  Don't think it was just luck that everything we ordered was great, this is a very good restaurant.  Wish we had food this good in our Chinatown in Los Angeles!!  HIGHLY recommended.
My go to spot whenever I am in the mood for some hot soup dumpling!!!!! This place definitely has the best soup dumplings in Chinatown. I always eat in here because I live two blocks away. Their soup dumplings is nice and juicy and hot when it comes out. The soup is the perfect flavor and with a little bit of vinegar you can pop one right into your mouth. I also love their wine chicken and kaofu as my two cold dishes. Pan fried noodles are on point with the right amount of crunch without giving your jaw a workout. Best part? A meal for 4 people would cost you less than $50 and everyone will leave full and satisfy! Definitely check them out next time you are in Chinatown!
If you like dim sum you just found the best spot in Chinatown -- Shanghai Asian Manor is awesome! Affordable, authentic, and delicious, truly a gem in the heart of vibrant Chinatown. It's very vegetarian friendly, from garlic eggplant to vegetable steamed dumplings, everything I tried was very tasty. I will definitely be going back next time I'm in NYC!
Did a quick yelp search and decided to try this place instead of waiting in the long line at Joe's Shanghai. While the restaurant is on the small side, we only waited for ~15 minutes for a table on a Sunday at 1. While the pork soup dumplings weren't quiet as good as Joes, they were still tasty and hit the spot. We also tried the Scallion Pancakes, Shanghai Pan-fried Noodles, and Sweet and Sour Pork Chop. All of these dishes were excellent! The service was quick, the portions were a decent size, and the prices were cheap. What more could you ask for in Chinatown.
Went during Chinese New Year...when all the Lions were right outside..and danced in the doorway.  came with a bunch of friends , had a great time...service was good...food was great..we had 3 trays of Shao-Lung Bao! and other stuffs.  The problem with most Shanghai spots in C-town is the over abundance of Tourists. Good for business but..bad for food authenticity. But This place has managed to "keep it real".
I don't know if I want to share my secret but I feel like they have the best soup dumplings hands down, in NYC.  I could go here and fill myself with JUST soup dumplings.  But unfortunately, people I go with want to eat other things.Pass on ordering the one with shrimp and just order the pork soup dumplings.  Also, be ready to wait a little, especially if you're going there at peak dinner hours.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Great dumplings, scallion pancakes, and soup!  Quick and friendly service.
Food not fresh. You can taste that it has been refried several times. Joes may have a wait but the food is worth the wait. Here the food is fast but not very tasty. Would not return here!
The soup dumplings are pretty good here, but I really consider the noodle dishes as the standout dish. I've had the beef fried rice cakes and the zha jiang mien (not sure what the English translation is), which were both very flavorful. The wonton szechuan style and the fried tiny buns were also delicious. Other notable dishes include the mapo tofu, spicy crispy eggplant and the kaufu. The scallion pancakes were good but a little too fried.
Every time we visit NYC we have to stop by for their Xiao Long Bao (XLB).  We love them at this restaurant and personally find that they are better than the others at surrounding restaurants in Chinatown.  We also enjoy the scallion pancakes.  The restaurant is overall clean (more than you can say about most of the restaurants in Chinatown :p) and the staff is friendly.
I just did take out and it was fine. They don't have egg rolls, Just spring rolls. The service was fast and it tasted fresh and good. My friends did dumplings and both of them said the dumplings were mediocre.
Second time here, and this time confirmed my rating.What impressed me the most is that unlike other places, this restaurant doesn't mind giving two people a booth for four.  Once seated, quick friendly service is another plus.$30 (incl tax/tip) for 4 filling starters at this sit-down restaurant - value for money if you order a few dumpling dishes and soups.I highly recommend the soup dumplings, shanghai wanton soup, sesame noodle soup (don't miss this one), boiled pork and leek dumplings.
I liked the food here overall.I went with my Chinese friend, and I honestly don't even know what she ordered except for one item - soup dumplings. When I mentioned that I crave soup dumplings, my friend dragged me here saying that Shanghai Asian Manor has the best soup dumplings in town. She orders other menu items in her native language, and I actually liked the other menu items over the soup dumplings.
I am not one to write reviews and was truly hoping my disappointment would pass, but I have had an entire weekend to digest what happened on Friday, and still feel angry so I decided to post. I have been a customer of this restaurant for years. I have brought many friends and large groups, and periodically do take-out. The hostess/cashier knows me well.As a Chinese woman who was born and raised in NY, I think I know where the best restaurants are for any specific type of food you'd like. This restaurant is not the best place for soup dumplings, but the space is larger than my very favorite dive place, so I frequent them when I am with non-Asian friends, and large groups. Friday evening, I went to the restaurant with a few friends. There was a line, as per usual. I gave the hostess/cashier my name, and was told the wait would be 30 minutes. This was fine--the friends were desperately craving soup dumplings, and this was their go-to place because I always brought them there. The space in the front area is small, and the people who are waiting are hovering over the people who are eating in the front area. I noticed at least 4 tables had finished eating, and the guests were simply chatting or nursing a beer. After about 35 minutes, I noticed a large table for 6 open up, in addition to a booth which seats 4 people. I had 4 people in my group. The woman who came in after me was a very large woman. She was with her teenage daughter. The hostess proceeded to give the booth to the large woman and her daughter. I was surprised as I was next to be seated, but I assumed she intended to give me the larger table, so I let it go. Once the table for 6 was completely cleaned up, she asked a group of 6 who were three names behind mine, to follow her to the larger table. Both these groups were people who were not Asian. My disappointment stems from the fact that this hostess valued this clientele more than a regular customer. This is a problem in many restaurants in Chinatown, and I believe any Chinese American who knows NYC's Chinatown well will understand my thoughts. When I asked her why she seated other people who were behind me in line before me, I was told the table was for 6 people, so she could not give me the table. Then why did you give the booth to the two women who were behind me on line? It was because they were so loud and complaining about the wait, I was told. Then they proceeded to tell me they had already given many checks out and I would soon have a table--you just need to wait. I was enraged. I suppose I too should have been obnoxious and loud so as to get seated sooner?Did it not matter that I waited patiently on line, and yet you proceeded to give my table away to two groups who were behind me?Did it not matter that I was a loyal customer who brought friends often?Maybe if you would politely suggest to the customers who were simply sitting and chatting, that you had a very long list of people waiting, and you really did need to clear the table, the line would not be so obscene? Chinese restaurants are about turnover...if you'd like to sit and chat, please go next door to the tea house and get yourself some tea and dessert while you chat.In a nutshell, this poor review is not about the food. Their food is fine. Not the best, but good for what it is. And the space is larger, so it may be more comfortable for some people. This poor review is for how the management (they came to the front to find out why I was arguing with the hostess, but simply walked away when I explained what had happened) so poorly treated a loyal customer, and I am certain it is because I am Chinese and a regular, so they assumed I would be back regardless of how I was treated that evening. They are wrong about this. I am quite forgiving of many things--even about the time their waitress spilled wine chicken soy sauce all over my down coat, and my friends were shocked and insisted they pay the cleaning bill, but I let it go because I knew it was an accident-- but I won't let this go, and I will never return. My hope is that my fellow Chinese Americans will read this and understand exactly what transpired and decide there are better places to patronize, where they will get delicious dumplings in addition to good service and respect.
It's relatively easy to spot since it's on the corner of the block with a huge sign. I was immediately greeted and seated when I stepped into the restaurant. I mean the service wasn't amazing considering I had to repeatedly ask for a simple glass of water. I wanted to try the soup dumplings because I heard they were good here. I ordered the soup dumplings along with the mixed meat and shrimp Shanghai Lo Mein. The soup dumplings were okay but I hated the really thin skin because some were already popped when served to us. The noodles were okay as well because it really didn't have much flavor and lacked ingredients. They really skimped on the meat and the shrimp were so tiny, literally smaller than a penny so I made my girlfriend finish the plate haha. Other than that, the meal wasn't that bad and inexpensive too. The two orders of soup dumplings and an order of noodles came out to about $21.
I've been coming here for a year+ now. I can't believe I haven't written a review for it yet! This is by far my favorite Shanghai restaurant in manhattan / chinatown.The appetizers are all SUPERB. the various dumplings, the shao / xiao long bao, and scallion pancake are delicious.My favorite entree by far is the GREEN TEA + CAMPHOR SMOKED DUCK. omg it is succulent and smoked and dry at the same time. Put into little white buns with a little sauce and you are in heaven!
Negatives first: the service isn't great, and this place isn't as nice or clean as 456 Shanghai.But onto the good stuff: soup dumplings are as delicious as everyone says they are, probably the best in Chinatown. Other dishes can be hit or miss but are generally pretty tasty, and you can get a pretty full selection for $20 a person including tip. Stick to the smaller dishes, dumplings etc: I like the Sichuan wontons and the scallion pancake. Overall a solid dining spot.
A quick update - the kau fu (gluten, wood ear mushrooms, and bella caps) was tasty, but the wine chicken was so-so.
this is my favorite spot for Shanghai food in the city.  I went here with my family.I love their steamed pork and steamed crab/pork buns.  One of the best available to me.Their scallion pancakes were ok, not enough scallion to me and could have been more flavorable.For entrees we ordered the shanghai style pan fried noodles, shanghai lo mein with meat and shrimp, Shredded Pork and Preserved Vegetable w. Rice Cake, sauteed spinach with garlic.  There were some others but I forget the name.  Everything tasted very good, though on this visit probably should have ordered more variety.Overall this is a great cozy relaxing place to grab lunch or dinner.
Great service and little to no wait time when you get there. Best steamed buns (soup dumplings) - get the pork. - and half the wait time as joe's shanghai - which is now a tourist zone aka place to avoid. Awesome scallion pancakes & they are huge.Delicious crispy roasted duck. I want more.
Dined on a saturday afternoon around 3pm. We ordered pork & crab xiao long bao (aka steamed tiny buns with crab meat and pork on the menu) , pan fried pork dumplings, and wonton szechuan style.Pros: - xiao long bao had just the right amount of pork & crab filling and you could taste the sweetness of the crab. The outside was just thick enough to hold all the yumminess in but not overly thick where it took awah from the flavor. The soup was flavorful and not overly fatty. - wontons were meaty, sitting in a chili oil soy sauce based sauce. Combo flavors of sweet, salty, spicy went well. - service: much better compared to most typical chinatown restaurants. They actually are polite here and know what a smile is.-ambience: modern decor and much cleaner than most typical chinatown restaurants.  Has an "A" rating from the sanitary inspection ppl. Cons: - since it's on the smaller side, like most places with yummy food, there can be a little wait. For our party of 3, we waited about 20 minutes which isnt bad at all. - we were not fans of the pan fried pork dumplings but that could be preferential.  My party agreed that the outside was just too thick and overpowering for the little pork surprise that awaited you. Plus, it's on the greasier heavier side but then again it IS fried. Some ppl may like this, but it just wasn't our cup of tea. Would I return? DEFINITELY,  gotta get me some xiao long baos!!
Good dim sum with pretty good Chinese dishes to boot.  the ambiance was good and the atmosphere was rregular. The prices were what one would expect from a nicer Chinatown restaurant which is too expensive for my taste.  I would really give this restaurant 3 1/2 stars but that isn't possible. It is slightly above average in all aspects.
The only Chinese restaurant I order from! Love their pan fried noodles!
They are busy but efficient. Always a pleasant experience and I go about once a month. Wait time has never been more than 20 minutes and the estimated wait times are super accurate. Always order an assortment of dumplings and noodles. No complaints about this place!
A so so place for couples but not for families at all. They discriminate who sits based on their race. So if you are Asian there are a lot of chances you will get a table fast. If not be prepared to wait 60 minutes in the cold weather. Rude people
Loved the food and service!But my only concern is how the framed pictures on the walls shook every time the kitchen door and/ or the front door opened and closed.It scared me, thinking of death by a giant un-sturdy framed photo falling on me while I was eating delicious food.
Still loving this spot for a quick bite on the cheap.As standard, soup dumplings with the crab meat please!This time around, ordered the Szechuan style dumplings, braised noodles with beef, and aromatic beef with noodles in soup.The soup dumplings are still so hot and tasty. Add a dab of vinegar and it's oh so good. Careful for the excess of soup that may spill out!The Szechuan style dumplings indicated spicy, but it wasn't. More of a sweet very very mild sauce with some small jalepenos dabbled on top. It was tasty though, especially with its sauce in a broth.A noodle bowl with aromatic beef was okay. Nothing fancy, but the set up display upon arrival was pleasant to look at. Decent helping of veggies on the side too.Braised noodles with beef was ok as well. The beef was tender and good to the bite with several pieces available. The noodles didn't hold their form too well and looked a little broken when it arrived. The broth was good and invited a sample of chili sauce to its mix.Service again was good. Very attentive staff going about handling a near filled restaurant. The orders came smoothly with no language barrier. Goodness, what a great spot to get some food - cool ventilated interior, attentive staff, tasty foods, and very compatible with one's budget. Awesome place right here.
Come here with friends often for dinner.  They also have another location on Elizabeth Street.  This one is much bigger however and the inside feels more like a restaurant.  The service is pretty good.They have great drinks from the Thai Iced Tea to Milk Tea.  The soup and fried dumplings are great starters when you have a crowd.  All of their dishes are consistent and reasonably priced which is why we come back.  There isn't that many dishes to choose from but I would rather have quality over quantity any day.  All dishes always come out hot and fresh.I always leave full and satisfied.  A great place to hang and chill with friends over tasty and fresh food.
Best soup dumpling in NY in my 4yrs here and great pancakes!!
The manager Warren is out of this world.  He's extremely attentive, friendly, and even recommends their top selling dishes and takes our order.  Their Lion head pork and pork dumpling were fantastic.  We also tried a new casserole entree called the fish head casserole.  It was HUGE!  it was soup base and delicious.  I recommend eating when you have a few friends to share.  Shanghai Asian Manor is highly recommended.  Try and see for yourself!
Yum, yum, yum!!  Jellyfish, good.  Rice cakes, good.  Xiao long baos, great.  spicy wontons, great too!  Portion size for everything is also excellent.  Cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent x3.  The kau fu (wheat gluten chunks) was good for the first two bites, but I thought it was too sweet.  We also got the braised noodles with shrimp and thought it was just fine, nothing special.  I will definitely return and recommend this place to friends.
Went there a few months ago and the food was excellent.  This time, just OK.  Soup dumplings were delicious.  Pork with garlic sauce was very good.  Chicken with garlic sauce was just good.  Son's beef Lo Mein was bland.  Daughter's Sesame Chicken was huge globs of fried breading surrounding a speck of chicken.  Bill for 4 was $70, a little pricey for Chinese.  Also...no liquor license so BYOB.  Went on a cold night and people are CONSTANTLY opening the door since there are no reservations and it's always packed.  May seem minor but really unpleasant if you are sitting at the front part of the restaurant.
Great great great restaurant! Had the soupy steamed bun (or soup dumpling you may call it), it is just unbeatable. Went on a Sunday early afternoon, it is still packed. And you know its not their fault for making such great food for everyone
I went here with a friend.  The food was great!  We got General Tso's Chicken and Vegetable Lo Mein, and both were delicious.  The service was great, and I would definitely go back!   The prices were very reasonable as well.
Chinese dumpling soup one of my favorite dishes since I was a kid.  The soup is really hot the way I like soup.  The flavor is excellent.  The fillings in all the dumplings were very tasty. Food was served fast and we ate an got out quick.  Great place to go for a good quick meal with some friends.
Yes I am picky, yes I usually write reviews when I have the misfortune to end up in a nasty place that I would not recommend to my worst enemy -or maybe I would...But still, you'd rather have a nice surprise than a bad one when it come to food...Ahhhh... Chinatown! So much choice, so easy to get lost and confused.Sometime you even have a wonderful experience in a restaurant, come back with a bunch of friends and it is a di-sas-ter (yes I am talking about you Joe's ginger : my worst nightmare).Anyhow this time : I must put a great comment about this very nice restaurant in Chinatown : they are kind, they are clean, they are pretty cheap AND they are having the most amazing soup dumpling !Yes, this place can be extremely proud of all that comes out of a steamer *It is a light, soft, stuffing is perfectly well balanced AND the skin is so thin that it is simply melting on your palate.Keep up the good work Asian Manor!!(* for the rest, well, we'll see another time, with another 5th star hopefully!)
Was pleasantly surprised.  We meant to go to Hop next door and ended up in here instead.  Never have heard of the place before but it was packed all with Chinese families (always a good sign).  All of the dishes were delicious and the soup dumplings were good.Great food, portions and prices.  But what really made it stand out among all the Chinatown choices is it actually felt clean (and got an A rating)  and the staff were super friendly and nice.   Would definitely return.
Love the crab meat bung, their dim sums are great, but don't order main courses, we ordered three Shanghai style main courses, none was authentic.
We waited outside for about 20-30 minutes for a table at lunchtime on Christmas Day. The interior was nice and comfortable and not too noisy. We ordered pork steamed tiny buns, scallion pancakes, Shanghai-style vegetable lo mein, and crispy duck for 2 adults and 2 preteen kids. Our kids aren't very adventurous, but they loved everything we ordered and even figured out how to eat with chopsticks. The duck was perfectly cooked, though it had a lot of bones in it. The lo mein noodles were nice and thick and the veggies were fresh. Our waiter was attentive, though he stayed away most of the meal, which I actually prefer. All in all, it was a great dining experience with delicious food.
Service is good and accomodating, sometimes dread the wait during their busy period, but after you get seated... it's fine. Recommend:Soup Dumplings with CrabSnow Pea Tips w/ Garlic and OilShanghai Stir Fried NoodleMeat Sauce NoodleVegetarian Mock DuckPan Fried DumplingsScallion PancakeBeef Pan Fried NoodleDon't recommend:Fried Calamari (squid) - not sure what they call it on the menu
Great find! Excellent onion pancakes and beef with fried  rice cakes. Busy like all the good places in Chinatown but wait staff were friendly and efficient.
Don't bother waiting in line at Joe's Shanghai-- the soup dumplings here are the best. Get the ones with crab roll and make sure to order the crispy scallion pancakes.. You won't be disappointed!
I had the mock duck, which was pretty good. It was tofu skin stuffed with mushrooms. A little bland, but pretty tasty with soy sauce. It wasn't spectacular or anything, but was decent and reasonably priced. I will say, though, my non-vegan friends are in love with the fried tiny buns with pork, so definitely try those if you come here!
Excellent shrimp dumpling (ha gau) at a shanghainese place. Kinda odd. :) but everything was very delicious!!
Outstanding soup dumplings!!! Found this place accidentally - it was packed, smelled amazing, and looked clean.Everything else we ordered was also very good - Shanghai noodles (reminded me of yakiudon sans sake), crispy fish with chili sauce (a little too sweet and saucy for me but still tasty), Crispy beef, and Lion's head meatball (well spiced with five spice powder). I can't say how authentic it was but it was  I will definitely be looking to go here again next time I'm in New York.We had to wait a little while, but expected during a holiday weekend. Service was good - definitely above average in terms of chinese restaurants.
They have the best shrimp dumplings I've ever had. The dumplings have big pieces for shrimp, not the baby shrimp that you can barely see or taste. They also have really good soup dumplings. WIth their great prices, I'll be coming back for more.
I. Love. Joe's Shanghai. Soup. Dumplings.  BUT, Joe's does not deliver to my office, so when I got the craving, I had to find an alternative.  After much review searching, I settled on Shanghai Asian Manor, clicked off a Seamless order, crossed my fingers, and hoped for the best."The best" is not what I got (soup dumplings were not as good as Joe's), but everything I tried (soup dumplings, watercress shrimp dumplings, and hot and sour soup) was very good.  I especially liked the sauces that came with the dumplings--one even had whole anchovies in it, making me think they made their sauces in the restaurant instead of buying siracha in bulk.If I were walking down the street and Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai Asian Manor were next door to each other, I'd choose Joe's.  But next time I want Chinese at work, I'll definitely order from Shanghai Asian Manor again.
Hmmm, where to begin? A lot of noodles, entrees, etc are covered in salty brown goo. My husband ordered the pan fried noodles and I ordered the rice cakes and, surprise surprise both were covered in the same one note sauce. Service was okay, but could be more attentive. We had the misfortune of sitting next to overexcitable college students. Dinner was cheap, but would not come here again.
I can normally get a pretty good feel for how good a Chinese restaurant is going to be by the percentage of non-Chinese people I see eating there. There's usually an inverse correlation between the number of white people I see and the quality of the food I'm going to get (although the price will generally go up ... see PF Chang's). I'm not blaming them, but it's just the way it works LOL.Shanghai Asian Manor throws a nice curveball into that formula. To be honest, this place is actually packed with people of every ethnicity, it's clean enough that I don't worry I'll be spending the evening on the porcelain goddess, the prices are pretty reasonable, and it serves some really tasty Shanghainese food. If you're a fan of soup dumplings, this is probably my second favorite place for them in Chinatown, right behind the neon wonder that is Shanghai Cafe Deluxe. The reason I come here more frequently though is that most everything else they serve is pretty good as well. I'd definitely also recommend the Shanghai-style rice cakes as well as the sautéed snow pea tips. The pork fried buns (sheng jian bao) are probably the only semi-disappointing thing I've had here, as they tend to be too dry, especially when ordered for takeout. The other plus of this place is that the service is much better than places like Joe's, where you're basically herded like cattle and forced to speed eat. Also, pretty much everything but the soup dumplings sucks at Joe's, but I digress.
Very tasty soup dumplings.  A tad on the salty side but excellent overall, maybe the best I've had in NYC.But that's what everybody says.  What surprised me was the chicken lo mein.  This is probably the best chicken lo mein I've ever had.  (Disclaimer: I don't order lo mein very often, but if it were this good usually I'd go back to basics and order it a lot more!)
Every table was filled at 3pm on a Saturday and now I know why.  The food was delicious.  I loved that their lo mein noodles are the thick Udon style, versus the thin kind some places use.  Tangerine beef was also very good.  Excellent spot especially if you are entering Chinatown from the south.  We walked from Battery Park and it was one of the first restaurants we hit.
If you get the right things here then you will have an excellent time.Shanghai Asian Manor has, in my opinion, a superior pork soup dumpling than Joe's Shanghai. It is slightly less fatty (though equally flavorful) and has a thinner skin, making it closer to the authentic dumplings found in China.The Dim Sum dishes here are quite good and are definitely recommended. I have not had many entrees here but the ones that i have gotten here have been standard quality and I usually skip over them for the superior(and cheaper) Dim Sum dishes.P.S. The Dou Jiang here is served cold which is kinda weird.
I've eaten at all the Shanghai Places in Chinatown and Flushing and this place was by far the cleanest and had the best service. We shared an order of the xian long boo (soup dumplings), scallion pancakes, fried rice,a chicken and a duck dish. All were excellent.If you're downtown and interested in this type of Chinese food, you can't do better than Shanghai Manor.
4.5 stars: best soup dumplings in the city!everytime i come here, i end up eating way too many soup dumplings and vow never to eat that many again. somehow, my craving always comes back in a few days and i end up in this cycle. they are that good!not only are the soup dumplings always hot and juicy with the perfect meat to skin ratio, shanghai asian manor's other dishes are equally great. noodles, rice cakes, etc. can't really go wrong with any pick on the menu. the wait is also not that bad, the venue is clean, and the service is fast.
Hands down the best eats for soup dumplings! I've had their classic one which is the one without the crab; just pork! It's one of the best I've had, you know what.. it is the best! Best of all, it's inexpensive! I've been here since they opened the location on Mott. Their first location was the one on Elizabeth but throughout different change in owners, they somehow expanded and started this new one here a few years back! My friend comes here religiously on a weekly basis and yes the owner knows him and gives him a d/c or more food. It's great to travel with him to this place (not that you really need the discount, its pretty inexpensive here). I always have their shanghai pan fried noodles because it comes with a lot of noodles, sauce, meats and seafood! It's a mixture!!The pan friend noodles reminds me of eating with my parents in for dim sum because we always order a noodle after eating a few plates of dim sum!!I also tried their watercress dumplings... its INSANELY good! I have to say that they have outdone themselves with this one! Not sure which dish is their holy grail but I love this place!
just so-so. I came here because of the recommendation online. They said dishes here are close to original Shanghai flavor. However, it let me down.
This place is my new favorite soup dumpling place.  Ever.  I've even been to ding tai fung in Taiwan and, while delicious, it is hugely overrated.  This place is so good, I'm just so thankful joes Shanghai was super packed that day and we decided to try this place out.
Delicious food. We ordered crab and pork xiaolong baos (so good when they are hot!), chicken and eggplant, scallion pancakes, shrimp pan fried noodles, and sautéed green beans. It was a ton of food and all of the dishes were fantastic. The service here was really friendly and attentive. We came at 1 pm on a Friday, right after the lunch rush, only had to wait a few minutes for a table. They weren't trying to rush us out and were great about refilling our tea. This restaurant is pretty nice for Chinatown, overall a great experience.
Pretty decent food here. Most of the items on the menu are Americanized Chinese meals sadly, but there are some authentic Chinese food here and there if you know where to look.This place is unlike any other restaurants. The place is kept unusually clean unlike other restaurants. The atmosphere of this place is very nice. The waiter are very nice and are very helpful in making choices for you. Overall, I'd come back again.
I thought the service here was good for a Chinese restaurant, but then again I'm Chinese. I had no problem getting seated, getting my order in the minute I was ready and then getting the check. They were polite and efficient and came back to refill my tea several times. Tip for ordering in any Chinese restaurant: POINT at the item on the menu, say the NUMBER of the item, then say the name. That's 3 points of failure they have to go through to get your order wrong :)However, the American family behind me probably didn't enjoy their service. They were basically noobs at Chinese food and asked stuff like, "Are there vegetables in the fried rice?", which led the server to respond in bad Engrish, "What flied lice you want?" every single time they repeated the question. Eventually I turned around and tried to help them order. Only to find out they don't eat pork (pretty much everything has pork in it!).Anyway, the food is great! I'm a big fan of the Shanghainese lo mein they serve, which is like a less oily version of my favorite dish Shanghai cho chow. Dumplings are good, but I've only gotten the pork soup dumplings. The others look interesting, but I just haven't tried them yet :)
Shanghai Asian Manor is a great place to go if you want to demolish some soup dumplings without demolishing your wallet. Will power is key if you don't want to completely burn your mouth, as I definitely suggest waiting a few minutes after the xiao long bao come out of the steamer as to not burn your little tastebuds (easier said than done, those things are delicious!). Other fare is really good too; the spring rolls are crispy on the outside and the filling on the inside isn't dried out, which I find to be a common problem with spring rolls. One quip I had is broth in my rice cake soup wasn't very flaforful--I knew I should have gotten the stir-fried version but was trying to be "healthier" after downing eight soup dumplings.The service is attentive here. Waitstaff is constantly refilling your water and checking in. The waitress even made sure my boyfriend knew that his beef noodle soup came with tendon (which he loves, so no problem there). The decor is typical Chinatown, which means not that spectacular. But, that's kind of the norm in this part of town, so I can't really gripe too much about it. And seriously, wait a minute before you get into those soup dumplings! My mouth was super burnt all weekend!
I cant believe I waited this long to go here!Their steamed buns are delicious! Its not that oily and the soup inside is really good. Its much better than Joe's Shanghai for about the same price. I also recommend their stir fried noodles, seasoning was perfect and it wasnt soggy nor too dry. There was also the preserved vegetables and chicken noodle soup- that I always get at a shanghai restaurant - but it was mediocre. Overall I enjoyed my meal and their service was not bad. and being a relatively new restaurant the decor is pretty.PLEASE... dont get just some fried rice and general taos chicken like the tourists I saw that day. *facepalm
I always come here to get my authentic Chinese.As a person from Shanghai, I'm quite picky about my xiao long bao's.But the xiaolongbaos here are juicy and the insides are always warm! They have various different kinds of fillings (pork, crab etc) and they're cheap. Not to mention their bing; it's a big serving with 4 slices so each of your group members can have one. Their spicy dishes aren't spicy at all though so don't expect your "sichuan" dishes to be spicy.There's usually a wait of 10-15 min if you go on a moderately busy day, but if you just roam around chinatown for a bit that should pass really quickly.All in all, it's great! I come here so often that the maitre d remembers my face. (:
Came here for lunch yesterday after discovering another place was packed with tourists. This place had a decent lunchtime crowd, but we still got a table right away. Pork soup dumplings were very good (but I have to admit I enjoyed the ones at 456 a little more!), and the tangerine beef was outstanding. The menu noted that this entree was spicy, but it was actually more sweet to me, since the sauce had caramelized into crispy goodness. Would definitely return to try other dishes.
after a new renovation, the place feels a lot more comfortable, although tables are still tightly squeezed together. they make THE best scallion pancakes. and possibly the best wine chicken. we also like to get crab pork soup dumplings. they're quick and usually pretty nice.
i came here for xlb after my most recent doctor's appointment.   i was in the mood for xlb and i am not a fan of joe's shanghai.  i am not a fan of joe's bc it's so over run by tourists.  no offense to them, but i judge how good and authentic a place is by the number of tourists.   with this said however, this place takes CC and did have quite a few tourists so i really hope this place doesn't turn into joe's in the future.i recently discovered that this is owned by the same owner as shanghai asian garden (previously known as shanghai garden).   i had no idea!   i loved that place as a kid.anyway, the xlb satisfied my needs.  i finished one whole one by myself.   i got the shanghai lo mein with beef and that was a little on the oily side for me since i wasn't feeling too well.   the beef didn't taste like beef and reminded me of chicken.  i wonder if they messed up?    my dish was decent, but the highlight of my night was the xlb.we also got a thai iced tea and that came in a tiny cup.   i wish it was a little bigger and it def needed some more sugar.my dining partner also got the cha chiang meen again and my reviews on that stay the same as my previous reviews.the people that work here are super nice though and it is a huge plus they take CC.   keep in mind however that it's $20 min.i came here another time and tried the szechuan wonton style and i did not like that at all.  the wontons were tiny and i thought it was pricey for what it was.   i'd rather spend my money on xlb.  maybe if the wontons were bigger, i'd like it more.we also had the fried tiny buns with pork.   they were good when it was piping hot.   i thought the meat to bun ratio was bad since i felt there was too much bun.  i am not a fan of the bun bc it's sweet and i prefer salty foods.    i think i'll stick to fried dumplings and xlbs in the future.   i am not saying this wasn't tasty, but it's not something that satisfies my palate.
Their xiao loong bao (pork dumplings) are comparable to joe's shanghai. Simply delish! I will NEVER get tired of the yummy soup inside with the vinegar.  Mmm my favorite. But be cautious bout the hottness. When it juat came out of the stove the hidden soup inside Is burning hot that kills your tongue. They also have great pearl noodles. It's soft and chewy, made just right. The waiters are also attentive in you. Always aware when to pour water once ypur glass is almost done.
I don't usually venture into this section of Chinatown, but my friends were craving soup dumplings in this cold weather and suggested this place. We got two orders of pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and stirfry noodles with mixed meat. Everything was delicious! The scallion pancakes had a nice crunch, wasn't too greasy, and paired with the sweet soy sauce was just perfect. I normally go to Joe's Shanghai for soup dumplings, but this place makes them very good as well (and no wait time). Best of all, all this food came out to just $9!!!! per person. Not too shabby for a filling dinner. I'll be back.
It's just as good as Joe's Shanghai, maybe even a little better.  That's saying a lot.
Our favorite go-to place in Chinatown.  Having lived in NYC for so long, Chinatown has become increasingly mediocre and touristy.  Finding gems like this place is precious. Check out Columbus Park nearby for an authentic glimpse into Chinese urban park life - live traditional music, groups of people doing Chinese exercises/activities and serious mahjong  games:-). Shanghai Asian Manor specialty - Shanghai pork and crab steamed dumplings. Oh so delicious!
Came here with a friend late Sunday afternoon. It was somewhat packed, so we had to wait just a bit. Once a seat was available, we were seated quite quickly, and the food came out in 10 minutes or so. Got three things: pork dumplings, scallion pancake, and chicken lo mein. Pork dumplings were delicious! They were pretty big, and full of juice. Usually when one has these, he or she might just burn their tongue because the juice is so hot. But, these dumplings were at the perfect temperature. An order of this has 8 dumplings. It's enough for 2 people to share, and the price was very cheap. Definitely a must if you come here to eat.The scallion pancakes were huge! They gave us about 4 slices, and they were BIG! Best thing is...the plate of scallion pancakes was just $2.50! Best price ever! It came with a sweet type of vinegar. Out of this world! Crispy and not that oily. Perfect.The chicken lo mein was somewhat of a disappointment. Hence...the four stars. The chicken was way overcooked, and there weren't enough noodles. There was definitely a lot of flavor, particularly in the vegetables in the dish, but I was hoping there were noodles to balance the flavors out. Shanghai Asian Manor is absolutely worth a try if you are craving some delicious Chinese food.
Visited again. Food was great! My favorite dish is Wontons schezuan style - nice balance of spicy and savory sweetness. The dried garlic adds even more flavor. These are top notch.Crab and pork little bun (Xiao long boa) are very good as well. So are vegetarian dumplings.
Opened in April 2010, Shanghai Asian Manor has a surprisingly trendy decor for the area, and prices to match. The staff, all wearing branded yellow polo shirts, were very friendly and the service was good (unlike many nearby restaurants with apathetic waitstaff). It was quite busy for lunch, I only had to wait a minute to get a table, but apparently a lot of people were trying this new restaurant out.The setting, menu and prices put the Manor in competition with often touristy places such as Joe Shanghai's and Shanghai Cafe. I wouldn't be surprised to see more tourist-types here (today, I was the only non-Asian). Next to the main entrance is a giant picture of a soup dumpling, as well on the cover of the shiny new, picture-filled menu. The xiao long baos are great. The soup is light and plentiful and the pork is soft and tasty. Beware the skin is thinner than other places so just getting the dumpling onto your spoon can be dangerous. I like that I didn't feel weighted-down after eating half an order. Definitely recommended. $4.95 (for 8 pork dumplings).I also got braised noodles with shrimp. I didn't realize, and it's not clear on the menu, but this is a soup. And a bland soup at that. The noodles were not very good, maybe just not to my liking as I may never had braised noodles before. The broth was pretty flavorless and it felt like something you'd eat only if you were sick. It was filled with small shrimp that were decent in portion, some chopped up bok choy (not enough in my opinion), and a few pieces of tree fungus. I ended up picking out the shrimp and fungus and leaving the noodles and broth almost untouched. $4.95.  A lot of the menu lands in the $10.00 per dish area, though they do have some $5.00-$6.00 options. The $20 minimum for credit cards seems to fit here. There are better priced options all over Chinatown, so I probably won't return unless I'm craving xiao long bao or looking for a cleaner, nicer dining experience in Chinatown.
yummy spicy wontons and soup dumplings - the skin is thin and there is a decent portion of meat & soup inside.  There can be a wait around dinner time, so try to get there before 8pm and put your name down with the hostess at the front.  Order a couple of dishes and split it with friends, family-style!
Delicious! Awesome dumplings in a wide variety. Served quickly, but not rushed. A bit of a wait (brunch time on Sunday), but not as bad as I'd expected. Knowledgeable staff. Very affordable. Definitely worth visiting if you love dumplings.
Didn't think it was possible, but the soup dumplings here are better than Joe's Shanghai.  It's the broth... flavorful and clean.  Not oily and salty like Joe's can be.    Also tried the cha-chang-mien which I think I would have enjoyed more if it wasn't called that.  Being Korean, I have an idea in my head about what cha-chang-mien should taste like, and this Shanghai version is quite different but nonetheless tasty. Definitely recommend over other Chinatown restaurants.
YES please!!! The BEST pork soup dumplings!!! The match those at Shanghai Cuisine on Bayard Street---my favorite. The noodles here are delicious. The fried shrimp with candied walnuts is to die for (I do not know the Chinese names for these things). Went with foodie friends---we all particularly love authentic Chinese food and are known to shop in the Chinatown grocery stores. This place was definitely a winner! And we got by with speaking English just fine.
As someone from Shanghai, this restaurant has my stamp of approval!I've always wondered why there are so many Shanghainese restaurants in the clearly Cantonese Chinatown, but after trying them out one by one, most of them should be ashamed to bear the Shanghai name.Meanwhile, I was glad I finally got to this place, when I was just about ready to give up.  This restaurant has a lot of good dishes to choose from, I like their Shanghai dim sum/appetizers, cold sesame noodles, and Ma Po Tofu.  It is definitely the closest thing to Shanghainese food you will find in Chinatown; that may not be saying much, but for what it's worth - 4 stars.The prices are also reasonable, a lunch dish is about $4-$5 and the portions are plentiful.  One downside is that the dine in spaces are limited and there can be long waits for large parties.Overall, I think this is the place real Shanghainese people will prefer and recommend, compared to, say, the much more well known and hyped Joe's Shanghai.
The xiao long baos at this place are not bad. They are not as good as Shanghai cafe, Joe's Shanghai, or Nan Xiang Dumpling House, but they are not bad soup dumplings. That being said, with the high quality of xiao long bao that can be found in this city, one really has no need for anything less. We also tried the pickled cabbage and pork rice cakes that were decent. Prices on the menu are all cheap and will not be making a dent in your wallet even if you tried to splurge. I may come back here someday if someone tells me about a dish they do especially well or if they introduce something new but for now, I'm sticking to Shanghai Cafe and Nan Xiang.
I'd come here over Joe's Shanghai for everything but the soup dumplings.If you want soup dumplings, go to Joe's.If you want everything else, go here.
I went to NYC 3 times and go to Shanghai Asian Manor 4 times.Soup dumplings is so tasteful everybody should try it . This is the best soup dumplings i ever had, even better than Joe's shanghai. the skin of dumplings of Joe's shanghai is too thick for me. The price of Shanghai Asian Manor is  fine and the Shanghai fried rice is also delicious.
I love this place. All the reviews say to go to Joe's but honestly, this place is just as good.  Get the soup dumplings! That's why we all go here, right?I love that this place is consistently good. I love that they quote you 15-20 minutes to get seated but you really sit in 5 minutes. This place is worth it!
Lots of authentic Shanghai dishes but get one star off because of its awful dim sum.
Exceptional soup dumplings and amazing noodle dishes.  The restaurant has several nice booth tables for 2-4 people in addition to regular tables.  The service here was very good and they don't rush you out.  Also, prices are very reasonable.  I look forward to returning.
Really great stuff! Super extensive menu, but we went on a Sunday morning and thus stuck with more dim sum style fare. Beautiful soup dumplings, great scallion pancake, nice spicy wontons, but the best surprise was the red bean pancake. Flaky, sweet fried goodness.  Definitely a new favorite in the area.
I used to go to Yeah Shanghai for the soup dumplings. Then this place opened a few years ago, didn't even realized it was a branch of the Shanghai Garden.The soup dumpling here is apparently the healthiest because they use healthy ingredients (I saw from an independent China documentary). My favorite of course is the pork soup dumpling, the fried tiny pork buns, the shrimp with almonds, salt and pepper squid, seafood crunchy fried noodles, mixed meat noodle soup, the tofu dishes are also really good.
Yum! Cheap and tasty! My sister and met for our lunch break... we shared the soup dumplings and the chicken lo mien (with the thick noodles). It was delish! The bill came to $13. and we even had leftovers to take home. Will definitely return!
This is owned by the same people who own Shanghai Asian Cuisine.  I found this out one night when I went by Shanghai Asian Cuisine and was told to go here instead because they were full.  This place seems a little cleaner than most Chinese restaurants.  The food is the same as, and just as good as Shanghai Asian Cuisine.  Get the soup dumplings, salt and pepper squid, and shanghai style rice cakes.  You won't regret it.
I ordered a delivery and an hour and a half later when I was asking for an update - they let me hang over the phone for almost 10 min with 'hold on' and finally said 'it's on it's way'. Nothing ever came.
Yummy Dimsum-- best we have found in Chinatown-- and of course super reasonable--$24 to roll ourselves out of there... get there early it can get busy!
Great crab soup dumplings as expected.  But the reason why I have this place 5 stars is because all the other dishes I ordered were great as well; the wonton, 3 different kinds of noodles, and the pan fried buns.
Pretty awesome place. At first glance the all english menu with pictures makes you think "tourist trap" but after you sit, down, order, and eat, you'll realize the food here is pretty solid and offers some great traditional dishes. I had originally suggested to a friend we stop by Joe's (my go-to for quick and dirty soup dumplings), but he suggested we try out 21 Mott Street. Weirdly, I had been here before but on a work lunch with some american folks (read: chow mein orders) and didn't get to enjoy it (also while wearing a stupid clown suit and tie). Ordered up 2 orders of pork soup dumplings, red bean pancake, stir fried pork and rice cake, sichuan won-tons and salt & pepper squid. The red bean pancake surprised me as I haven't had that dish since I was a kid, and the memories while eating it flooded back to me of the homecooked fried sweet treat my grandma made...I digress....The soup dumplings are delicious. I like that they steam it on napa cabbage which many places have stopped doing (and substituted wax paper or other non-edible things). The soup is just the right amount, not overwhelming and not too salty or too much. The dumpling skin was a bit fragile for me, as some of them broke before I could get them from the steamer to my plate, but nevertheless were delicious. I wish they had given us stronger vinegar, to cater to my taste, but it was good enough. The pork rice cake reminded me of my mom's, and was cooked perfectly (not too chewy, not too undercooked). S&P squid was delicious, servied with a mayo-looking sauce I could have probably done without, and it needed to be spicier...seemed to be missing the pepper side. The sichuan won-tons, which I have had before, are every bit as delicious as they appear on the photos...spicy, sweet, meaty, and delicious. Overall, not a bad place...all that food (which couldn't even fit our table) for $48 bucks after tax was pretty solid. Joe's no more for me....
Dumplings were ok...  didn't like the service... they took too long, and was not very attentive. Now back to the food... dishes were well standard, but I was trying to see how their rice cakes were... and i found out...  Filled with nasty brown sauce, and the rice cakes were too mushy, no bite.  Yack!!!Result - No GO!
This place is 5/5 when it comes to dumplings. Ambience: 2/5. Average Chinatown restaurant. Drinks: N/AFood: 4.5/5. Best Xialongbao, Shengjianbao and guotie I've had outside of Shanghai. Unreal. The other dishes are very standard; it may be worth getting extra plates of dumplings instead of a chicken / vegetable dish. Price: 4/5. Cheap. Huge lunch for 6 was $55; dinner for two is more like $35 (again, for a lot of food).
It's true AMAZING soup dumplings and scallion pancakes!I cam yesterday with a friend and we ordered the crab meat pork dumplings. The soup was a bit sweeter than at other shanghai places, but the soup dumplings had a lot of soup and also very flavorful.I have never had scallion pancakes like this place. They are incredible soft and flaky! I suspect they use butter in their flour bc it actually has a croissant like texture. Anyways, best $2.50 you can spend on scallion pancake.We also ordered the lo mein which they use Japanese udon to make. It gives the noodles more texture, but udon is very very carb heavy - so for folks who are watching their carb intake, be wary.We also ordered the wine chicken. So tasty bc the wine flavor is so evident and fragrant.I can't wait to come back and eat a whole order of the soup dumplings all by myself!!!!Great service too!
Pretty good xiao long bao/shanghai dumplings--that is all you need to know.
Sweet red bean pancake was phenomenal especially with the sauce with it. Steamed tiny buns were also very tasty. Best Chinese around.
-Soup Dumplings - Win!-Udon Noodles - Win!-Fried Rice - Win!-Rice cakes- Meh. I've had better.Stick to what these restaurants specialize and you can't go wrong. I'm talking about their soup dumplings of course!
Soup dumplings are the draw here and everyone in the know here seemed to be ordering it.  Good service not surly to those of us who look clueless.
Visited: Jan 1,2013The Situation: First Meal of 2013 pre-Les Miz watching...I was craving soup dumplings and needed to work on my New Year's Resolution of improving my Asianness..The Scene:  A good mix of locals and tourist scattered throughout. Bathroom Break: N/AThe Staff & Such:  Have you ever been to Chinatown? Pretty much the same service all around - in - out and perhaps a little more chit chat if you can speak the dialect.Food:  We went light and ordered the soup dumplings (3 tries before I remembered the correct way to eat those suckers), scallion pancakes, pan fried pork buns and Kau fu (gluten). Ahh delicious yumminess.The Threads: Wear what you want how you want it..Wallet Whomp - Why yes part of the beauty of going to a Chinatown restaurant with a Chinese friend and letting HIM order means that we end up in the $ range...always...but if I didn't use my secret Asian weapon, I'd probably land in the $$ range. Wallet Whomp Index$ - TimeOut version of Cheap Eats$$ - NYMag version of Cheap Eats$$$ - I'm a New Yorker and this is how I roll$$$$ - Did someone say Corporate Card?$$$$$ - Fiscal cliff? What fiscal cliff?
I was kinda hesitant to write a review for this place because I kinda like the fact that it hasn't become so popular yet where you have to wait for hours just to get seated. Ahem joes shanghai. But I decided not to be selfish this year so I am sharing this hidden gem with yelpers. This was my second visit here and boy I am in love with this place. I love their crab roe xiao long bao and their cold dish appetizers. I personally think it taste better than joes. The broth to meat ratio is perfect and the skin is not thick. I still think din tai fung is the best but this is definitely second in my book. Must order the double skin appetizer, drunken chicken, and kafu. The decor is nice and very clean considering it's in chinatown!Tip bring a couple of friends and order a few baskets of the xiao long bao. You won't be disappointed:)
Really good soupy dumplings.  A must have for dumpling fans (they have several types of dumplings).  I very much enjoyed the pork chop noodle soup.  It was so good.  The pork was seasoned and fried, the noodles seemed fresh, don't know for sure.  The chops were great, they had a hint of curry and were tender.  The combination with the noodle soup was awesome.  Plan on waiting for a table, there was a brief time when we were seated, that there was no wait.
Had lunch here, the place  was packed. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, the shrimp and watercress dumplings, Szechuan wontons, and chicken pan fried noodles. The food was really good, the wontons were fantastic. The shrimp watercress dumpling and panfried noodles were great. I don't think the soup dumplings here are better then  joes. I did like the think skin, but I like the broth better at the joes.The place is clean, staff nice, and they don't rush you out. I like this place a lot.
So I am of Shanghainese descent....I have spent a lot of time in Shanghai growing up. I recommend Shanghainese food to people who like less greasy and heavy dishes. A lot of Shanghainese food is lightly stir fried or steamed.I was hesitant when I was brought here. I figured at best this place could only be a 3 star place. It's so CLEAN and CUTE and the waiters are all so young with their spikey coifs and nonchalant manner. I don't trust these places, I like my Chinese restaurants dark and maybe a little grungy with old school waiters.So why the 4 stars? I guess it's kind of nice from time to time to eat at a cleaner establishment. I will say though the food was good, but with the nice decor comes a higher price tag. I'm not saying this is expensive, but we aren't talking 5 dumplings for $1 style, but the taste is not necessarily up to par with the price increase.The Fried Tiny Buns, or Shen Jian Bao in Chinese...were terrible. These are supposed to be like a soup dumpling/bun/pot sticker mix. So it's supposed to be meat bun that is pan fried and has some soup inside. There was no soup inside. the dough of the bun was too thick and the filling had no real flavor. I'd stay way from these.Steamed Watercress and Shrimp dumplings on the other hand were delightful. They had a lot of flavor and the shrimp was juicy.My favorite dish was the Shanghai Lo Mein. This is also served at Joe's Shanghai, but Shanghai Asian Manor's is by far superior. Less greasy, well flavored and noodles were properly chewy. Highly recommended!In the end, I like Shanghai Asian Manor well enough, but I probably won't be a regular here.
Great dumplings. The Xiao Long Bao and the Szechuan Wontons are the best food on the menu but the others aren't bad at all.
+ Service polite, most speak English well+/- Ambience: relatively clean for C-town+/- FoodSteamed Tiny Buns With Pork - 3.5/5- steaming hot, skin a bit thick but tastySalt and Pepper Squid - 3.5/5- nice combo of sliced hot green peppers, scallions and golden fried bits of garlic- batter crunchy- squid was chewy and hard to eat--pieces need to be cut smallerShanghai Rice Cakes w/ mixed seafood - 1/ 5-avoid--limp, too much soy sauce stuck to the cakes, seafood tastes old (this is opposite of the above Fried squid)
Every time I dine here, my pants button pop. It happens on my third to last bite of the meal, like clockwork. Pork dumplings (steamed and fried), rice cakes, pickled cabbage noodle soup, scallion pancakes, I've devoured them all. With such low prices, it is difficult not to get a little crazy in the ordering.Joe's Shanghai has gotten too touristy for me, and has been that way for as long as I can remember. Just walk the additional few yards down Mott to Shanghai, and feed your body at an appropriate hour. Besides the lack of wait, Shanghai Asian Manor offers another thing that Joe's can't give me: booth seats. I understand that China is overpopulated and people in small parties may need to comply with sharing a large table with complete strangers. But what has that got to do with us? Pardon my self-entitlement but I do enjoy my personal space very much. Okay, this review is turning into a bash on Joe's Shanghai, so I will stop. For now. But it is my American right to talk crap if I so please. *Happy emoticon*
Came here with my cousin and we ordered way too much for 2 people but we finished everything! The servings aren't as big as I imagined. We ordered:- Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings - Comes in 8, the skin is a little thick but it was still tasty - Wonton Szechuan Style- comes in 8; differernt from regular wonton soup noodles, they add a sauce to spice it up a little. I personally love the taste of it. - Scallion Pancakes- I though this was just ok...what's scallion pancakes without enough scallions. Plus, it's not like scallions are expensive! - Noodles- I forgot exactly what I ordered but it had a layer of sauce on top of it but I liked how it had udon noodles instead of thin noodles. It was delicious! If you're on line to get into Joe's Shanghai, try this place, it's just as good!
The dishes are pretty good and much better than average Chinese place. However, this is NOT authentic shanghai cuisine. I was disappointed with their shengjianbao and pork belly with fermented veg. Overall this place is pretty good for groups and the service is nice.
Awesome food!  It's hard to find good pan-fried dumplings and pork soup dumplings these days.  My brother and his friends usually go there and get the regular dishes: scallion pancakes, pan fried pork dumplings, steamed pork soup dumplings, and one of their stir-fried noodles.  I'm a huge fan of their pork chop noodle soup and highly recommend it if you've never tried it.  And the bill is soo not expensive especially for quality and service.
Each trip to New York is not complete without a meal at the Manor.
Had  dinner there on a Friday night, we got there before 7 and the place was packed but we just waited a few minutes.  Ordered some simple dishes, baby shrimp pan-fried noodles came first then steamed pork dumplings and shredded pork with preserved cabbage fried rice.  The fried rice was delicious, light and fluffy, not a bit of grease.  They use yee mein for the pan fried noodles dish which soaked up the flavorful sauce, yum!   The steamed pork dumplings were average, nothing special about them.    The place was busy, people were waiting outside but they didn't rush us out at all.    Dinner for 2 came out to be $24 and a doggy bag to take home.  Will try their other dishes next time.
This place is better than Joe Shanghai. Their soup buns are extremely delicious. I like ordering scallion pancake and their fried noodles. The wait staff is very nice and will always greet you with a smile.
Great spot! There was no wait compared to Joe's Shanghai where we had to wait for 30 minutes to get a table. This spot was a lot cleaner and the menu came with pictures so it was a lot easier to pick what wanted to eat. I highly recommend both the Pork and Crab soup dumplings! I love dimsum and this was my first experience with shanghai dimsum so I'm a fan. The honey walnut shrimp wasn't worth it - $15 and all you get was 6 pieces of shrimp so buyer beware.  We also
Ohhhhh yeah. Delicious soup dumplings. Amazing fried pork dumplings. Yummy vegetable dumplings (vegetarian boyfriend loved them too). Reasonably priced, clean, and good service, especially for Chinatown. This is the spot.
Yabba Dabba Doo....Siew Long Bao. WOW! Delicious, ya? Everybody talks about Joe's Shanghai, f*** them. That restaurant shouldn't even be in Chinatown, more like in ..........SOHO. Oops sidetracked.Oh yeah, so the Siew Long Baos were pretty damn good. DAMN GOOD.But then came another surprise, I was in the mood for some wontons, and saw 'Wonton Szechuan Style '. They had a picture of it in the menu and i'm like mmmmmmmmm,..... looks spicy.  mmmmmmmmmmmmThe waitress said "It was mad good, then she licked her lips and nodded furiously" so I said "yes yes yes yes yes" five times to be exact. It was WONDERFUL! The wonton in itself was WONDERFUL, cuz you know sometimes wonderful sauces disguise the centerpiece in itself. Scallion pancakes are god send. I make my own sometimes and it's never the same or near comparable...just less oily...but DAMN, that pancake is a great refresher on why SCALLION PANCAKES should never be slept on. Man...if America realized that pancakes arent' really all that compared to SCALLION PANCAKES..........i mean come on, sugary syrup vs vinegar soy sauce with scallions......MMMMMMMM i will always choose the latter. I also had the Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles,it was good but nothing jumpin' and jivin' that differs from other nearby Shannghainese restaurants.....anyways, this is my new Shanghainese joint in the hood.
This is my favorite goto for Shanghai food. I get the same dishes and never disappoints. Scallion pancake must try with the sauce. Juicy crab siulongbao. Always can't go wrong with their noodle dishes.
Amazing, amazing soup dumplings! Rich broth tucked away inside tender little packages that will leave you wanting more (or maybe if you're like me, you anticipate the deliciousness of these morsels and start off by ordering several different kinds). We got the hot and sour soup (it's late fall and what better way to take the chill out than by eating a steaming bowl of spicy soup) and the best (seriously best) beef lo mein I have ever had in my life. It tasted like they actually used beef broth to sautee the noodles and veggies in addition to having cuts of beef in the dish. Hearty and meaty. My mouth is watering as I write this and recall the flavors. Get this dish!! Highly recommend. The red bean pancakes came out piping hot and were a good combination of savory and sweet. The salt and pepper squid came with an interesting dipping sauce, a favorite of a friend who was dining with us. Who cares about decor! It's a chinese food joint in china town! And actually, what I liked the most about this place was that during the afternoon on a Saturday, there were tons of different groups of folks enjoying all that Shanghai Asian Manor has to offer. Families, kids, couples, groups of friends - it's a happy, happy place.
This was our go-to shanghai dumpling place.  We normally come here twice a month.  Tonight, though, we were unpleasantly surprised.  As others have noted, they changed the order sizes and they didn't say anything about it when we ordered.  Although, admittedly, the food remains good, reducing the portion size by ~25% (from 8 dumplings to 6 dumplings in the soupy dumpling order and from 6 dumplings to 4 in all other dumpling orders) while keeping their prices the same is SHAMEFUL and BAD FOR BUSINESS.  I will tell my friends who also come here on a regular basis to go elsewhere.  Please give other Shanghainese suggestions.  We should band together to get them to go back to normal.  My mom said they're only doing this because they can - since business is good for them and they want to increase profits further.
This place has the most delicious Chinese food ever.  We all agreed that it was so good.  The only thing it lacks is atmosphere, your surrounding are non- descript.   We has greet fried dumplings and flavorful soups.  Followed by chicken with eggplant in a garlic sauce, the best we'd ever had.  The sesame beef was great too as was the vegetable fried rice.  This a non frills place but the fresh ingredients and spices are the stars.
I found out about Shanghai Asian Manor from Serious Eats and they are NOT kidding.  The soup dumplings here are pretty darn good.  The skin is paper thin.  Don't let them cool down or else the skin will stick to your lips as you are trying to get a bite in.  Cool dumplings will take on a whole new texture not only the skin, but the filling as well.   The space is comfortable and clean.  There are big tables, small tables, and tables with booths.  The employees here can speak Cantonese, Mandarin and English.  I haven't tried anything else and already I am thinking of a return visit to test out other items.  These dumplings are smaller than the ones I've had at Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao and the advantage is it is easier to handle and will fit in the soup spoon easier.  There are 8 juicy litle soup dumplings per steamer/order for $5.95.  These beautiful little dumplings sit on top of a bed of napa cabbage in a bamboo steamer.   The juicy soup's flavor is not as flavorful as some of the other places that I've tried like Shanghai Cafe Deluxe, but it's still very delish.  You will also get a hot cup of tea and a dark vinegar and ginger dipping sauce. I came during off hours so there were tables aplenty.This review is only for the little soup dumplings as I haven't had a go at the other eats from here, sure to remedied soon!
Lets face it folks, you had huge expectations for chinatown, and then you went there.  Discovered its a fishy chaotic labyrinth of tourists and chatchki's you would never ever buy.  Second you assume naively that you may 'get lucky' and find some truly authentic chinese fare in one of the places you randomly duck into for some respite from the hordes... false.  This notion of hope more often than not... will let you down.  Im over playing the tummy ache russian roulette & overpriced bleh game.You must have insider information... so stick to the very very back streets.SAM is my new favorite solid go to.   Read: Always consistent and fast.  A 4.5 in my book.Shanghainese & Tawiwanese food is honestly the best thing ever in my opinion.  Thankfully there are a few great secret gems left in Manhattan's Chinatown.  Little enclaves of good hand pulled noodles and soup dumplings are the last hold outs to this weird hybridized commercially area of town. [ Everyone knows the real hardcore authentic chinese food is in Flushing and Bay Ridge. ]Here is what I get each and every time I come to SAM:yelp.com/biz_photos/R26z…andyelp.com/biz_photos/R26z…Shanghi Style Wontons (its not thhhhhat hot guys!) It has a sweet gingery slightly heated sauce, with meaty goodness inside of delicate perfectly steamed egg noodle skins. Topped with scallions and served with a tag team winning clutch vinegar sauce.And in case you forget its the giant light up picture in the back left of the store...mmmhhm SO good.Also great are the snow pea leaf dumplings and the regular veggie dumplings.  The regular I say are a hedge better... (Great for your non meaty friends to get.)  Lions Head Meatball Entree... asian mushrooms, bamboo, bok choy, great sauce.. leftovers. Cant go wrong getting these things and washing it down with a Tsingtao or three. Their soup dumplings are also great but ::gasp:: I will eat soup dumplings but they aren't my jam like the Shanghai wontons are. At the price point of 8 dumplings for 6 bucks go with a few friends and get one of everything - you be the judge.
Soup Dumplings, Watercress/ Shrimp dumplings, fried wontons and scallion pancakes. All delicious. But what I really wanted to order were those baked pork buns. When I walked in, I saw that almost every table had one order of those buns- amazing. Definitely know what to order next time.
We always get at least 2 or 3 orders of xiaolongbao.  Believe it or not this place is very comparable with actual xiaolongbao to Shanghai, China.
Despite the frigid weather this weekend, my girlfriend and I decided to take a trek down to Chinatown for lunch. We got lucky and was seated ahead of the lunch rush that came in right after we got seated (around 12:30 PM on Saturday afternoon). Service was nothing impressive (it's Chinatown, don't get hung up on it), but the waitresses spoke a little English, and the service was quick and our water refilled frequently - a step up from most joints in the neighborhood.We weren't looking for a more than a light lunch, so we stuck with the basics. The soup dumplings here are pretty good compared to some of the others I've had in Chinatown. They're less salty/loaded up with MSG relative to the other restaurants that serve this Shanghai specialty, the skin is thin, and the soup/meat ratio is good. It's also one of the few places where the soup doesn't burn your mouth after you pierce the dumplings. Very tasty and probably in my top 3 in Manhattan Chinatown. We also got the shrimp/watercress dumplings, which were pretty good. Once you get over the green dumpling skin, it's pretty good. I'm a general fan of watercress dumplings, but I liked the chewiness of the rice dumpling skin, which made it a softer dumpling to eat. The last dish was simple Kung Pao chicken, which doesn't warrant the pepper icon it gets on the menu but is still very flavorful and full of peanuts nonetheless.All in all, a very solid restaurant deep in the heart of Mott Street that I'd come back to. My only complaint is that it's a bit pricey relative to other places (a medium-sized plate of Kung Pao for $12 is a little expensive, and 6 shrimp/watercress dumplings for $5.50 makes me pine for the cheaper & tastier dumplings at Vanessa's), but it won't drain your wallet that much. They also take credit cards, which is nice given most places in the neighborhood do not.
XLB are the best. Wontons in Hot Sauce are also not to be missed. Everything else is pretty good; but those two were the stars of the show. Came here twice within 3 days.
Authentic Shanghainese food and generous portion for the price. I had steamed pork jiao zhi (eight dumplings with the right kind of thick flour wrapping) and noodle with smoked fish (served in its own separate dish and the right kind of fish (buffalo) and taste - savory with a tinge of sweetness).
Came here for a soup dumpling fix that was satisfied after 5 (x8) orders of the reg. pork. Shanghai lomein was flavored nicely but felt that they skimped out on the meat. The walnut shrimp (Fried Jumbo Shrimp with Wonderful Fruit Sauce) wasnt so wonderful. Probably cause Ive had better. The mapo tofu was good but a bit too salty.Place was clean, smells outside though. Free candy at the counter. Yay!
This is the BEST soup dumpling place in NYC! I've tried all of them cause I'm obsessed. The broth in their soup is the most flavorful. Also most soup dumpling places don't have anything else good on their menu but everything on Shanghai Manor's menu is delicious. I haven't been disappointed yet and I've been their countless times even before they opened this location. Count on standing in line to get in because it's that good!
Don't know about the quality of the food yet, because I've been waiting 2 hours for my delivery!
B+/A-Xiao Long Bao was great! I think Joe's Shanghai's Xiao Long Bao around the corner was kinda overrated for the line wait that's there, and Shanghai Asian Manor's was very tasty and comparable despite its less known name. This place's Xiao Long Bao was tender, lighter skin, great-tasting warm soup inside. I brought two asian friends and one white friend, and all of them loved it!! I would not recommend the pork chop on rice because it was basically dry katsudon with some bokchoi on top of it. I recommend the soup dumplings, jja jyang myun and sesame pancakes.Each of us paid $11 for a full (like 5 dishes) dinner when we ate family-style and shared everything together. Cleaner and more foreigner-friendly than most places in Chinatown. Value for money. My style.
One of the better places for Shanghai food in chinatown.  Love the watercress dumplings.  Love the jajyunmein.  Service is always part of the food experience and they have good service.  The mok duk (vegetarian duck) is one of my favorites.  The menus has a extensive list of foods.  I haven't had 1 bad dish yet.   This places is the same place as the one in the tunnel on Elizabeth street.   This place gets busy at night times so waiting is expected.
Totally dig this place! I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it. I wanted to compare it to Joe's Shanghai and see how their xiao long baos were. I shared xiao long baos, watercress shrimp dumplings, and zha jiang men with a friend. The shanghai buns were pretty good compared to joe's shanghai. The soup wasn't as juicy but it tasted less greasy. One can really taste the crab flavor in the soup. The watercress shrimp dumplings were just simply adorable, the wrapper was actually green itself!! That was one of the reasons why we ordered it, hah. The noodles weren't mad, but I found it too greasy for my taste. I like this place because of the variety of shanghai food they have. Quality's not bad compared to Joe's Shanghai, my friend even said that she'd be willing to eat here instead since there's always a line at Joe's.
A pretty good place to visit in you are craving some Mapo Tofu.  Service is decent, but not spectacular.  Fortunately, the tasty good makes up for it.  There is a minimum of $18 in order charge your meal onto a credit card.
Hostess was curt and not friendly.  Food was less than average and not up to standards of other authentic restaurants in Chinatown while priced higher.  Dumplings were OK but more average than outstanding.  Don't know why it is so popular with Westerners.  It was full but we were some of the few  Asians there on a weekday night.
OMGness, if soup could be solid, then this is it =) I picked up the #1 steamed tiny buns w crab meat and pork (7.45) & #3 fried tiny buns with pork (5.45). ohhhh heaven in a bun. They just taste so right. They're so light and airy. =)The place is neat and clean. It has a traditional ambiance. I felt like I was home again.The waiters/waitresses are sweet and helpful. =)Perfect for family(if your kids aren't the type to stick chopsticks at people) or friends.
I really like this place and I'm Shanghainese.  They have lots of dishes other Shanghai restaurants don't offer and it's very flavorful.  I really liked the Shanghai Braised Noodles,  Szechuan Style Wontons (I'm not into spicy food but they have flavor beyond being spicy), and Dragon (Soup) dumplings.  I'm trying to order something different every time I go but those are so damn good I keep on getting it.  Mock Duck is good too.I read the 1 star reviews and if issues are food related they're written mostly by people who don't understand that it's not a Cantonese restaurant or a place that caters to tourists/non-Chinese.  Egg rolls are not an automatic side!  And there are different types of Chinese food.  It's like expecting a Tex Mex place to be also be good for New England clam chowder.If you're into Shanghai food you should try it.
I'm updating this to 5 stars because in the days since dining here, I can't stop thinking about some of the dishes.  Truly the best Chinese food I've had in a long time.  (And the memories of uneven service are fading...)
I was a regular at Shanghai Kitchen for their Xiao Long Baos until they lost their lease a few months ago.  Boooo. My classmate (who accompanied me once to Shanghai Kitchen) told me about Shanghai Asia Manor and that it was waaaaay better than Shanghai Kitchen.I was finally able to venture all the way out to Chinatown, and I think I may be hooked!  We had a very short wait around 7pm on a Sunday.  Two of us ordered both kinds of xiao long baos, an order of green onion pancake, and the pepper steak with rice.  Delicious!  The xiao long baos are the biggest I've ever seen, the skin is thin - the way it's supposed to be, and each is loaded with a bunch of filling and soup!  YUM!  Top it off with the vinegar and it is the perfect little package.  I dare say, these little suckers rival the XLBs at Din Tai Fung in Taiwan.  The scallion pancakes were also very good.  Fried and crispy...how can you go wrong?  The pepper steak was decent.  By far, the winner of the night is....drumroll please.....of course the xiao long baos!  I'm salivating thinking of them now....These four dishes were enough to feed both of us at least twice over.  I brought the leftovers home and heated the XLBs up for half a minute and to my delight, they were almost as good as the day before....complete with the soup and all!
This has been my usual spot for soupy dumplings in Chinatown.  This is much better than the over-rated Joes Shanghai.  It is cleaner and tastier.
This is such a neat and lovely place, with a great variety of small dishes. Soup dumplings, wonton in spicy oil, and tapioca soy milk are all delicious! Service is courteous and prompt, making the whole dining experience smooth and pleasant.
pretty decent spot. authentic. clean (kinda). I would come back and try other things on their menu
For vegetarians this place is a godsend: one dish alone is worth a trip here, the edmame with tofu skin "noodles," paper thin, pappardelle-like strands adorned with the beans and some kind of delicious chinese greens. Prices are decent as well.
What is it with the ratings?  Inexpensive ordinary food does not equate with great food. Nice soup dumplings, but that is about it. Joe Shanghai still rocks this corner of the market. You can probably do better at Pings, which is right across the street and has an exceptional location on Queens Blvd, near Woodhaven, NY.Ask for the Peeking Pork Chops, trust me, you won't be disappointed. Now go work on your culinary taste buds.
I  came here for dinner with my boyfriend some time during the summer. The place was pretty casual and attentive. The food was pretty yummy too. We did not have a long wait, which was good for us, since we were a bit hungry. Soup buns are always delicious and would leave you wanting more!
1.  Pork and crab meat soup dumplings:  Delicious2.  Cha Chang mian:  I like how you can alter the spiciness level to your desire.  The noodles for this dish reminded me of Udon noodles, which I love.  Fat and juicy noodles, that give you that starchy noodle feeling with each bite.  This noodle dish was delicious and I love how they are very generous with the noodle sauce.  3. Shanghai rice cakes:  This was definitely a steal.  Less than $8, this dish provided my friend and I with a lot of seafood.  They even had fried fish in this dish, which I did not take a flavor to, but I definitely like how they are not stingy over their ingredients.  The rice cakes were actually the best part of this dish.  Chewy rice cakes that soaked up the meat sauce of the dish=heaven.
Been here about 4-5 times over the past few years with different groups of people. My first impression of this place was poor but it's improved since then over a few more visits. This place actually deserves 3.5 because of the service but the food is pretty good for the prices.Everyone seems to get Shanghai for the soup dumplings and I can't disagree with that. But I really must recommend the Kao Fu (烤麩) they have on the menu as a starting appetizer, if you like sweet and savory flavors combined together. It's basically braised wheat gluten with cloud ear and mushrooms, and it's delicious! Also if you like something simple, the Wine Chicken is also a good choice. You can ask for dark meat for an extra $1, so don't be shy if you have a preference.Avoid the bubble tea at all costs. It's more powdered stuff and sugar than real tea.The restaurant is fairly spacious and will accommodate large groups. They do have booths on the right side of the wall to seat 1-4 people, which is a plus if you like a bit of privacy. Aside from the subpar service, this is a pretty decent place for cheap and good Shanghai food if you're in the more commercial part of C-Town.
Dim sum for dinner?  That's what I thought when I was looking at the menu on the window when I stood in front of the restaurant waiting for my girlfriend to meet.  I was quite excited, alas, this isn't dim sum go go :(We had the steamed tiny buns with crabmeat, watercress and shrimp dumplings, vegetarian mock duck, chicken pan-fried noodles, Shanghai style rice cakes in soup.There's better soup dumplings and Shanghainese food at Joe's (Shanghai & Ginger), Nice Green Bo, Shanghai Café, etc.  I wanted to give this place a chance, the food was serviceable but I've definitely had better elsewhere.  The dishes lacked flavor, my favorite of the night was the rice cake in soup (anyone can make this).  Service wasn't bad, they kept coming by to refill our tea cups.  I liked the booth style seating and they never rushed us to pay the bill to turn the table.  We did leave full, but not quite satisfied.  This is just another barely average Asian restaurant in Chinatown...
Shanghai Asian Manor doesn't do anything extravagant, but what they do, they do well.  They serve clean, fresh food in a relatively clean dining space with relatively good service.  The prices are cheap and I haven't experienced a long wait so far.  The soup dumplings are consistently good - plenty of savory soup - as is the wine chicken.  I've ordered other menu items, but I haven't been particularly disappointed with anything.  This restaurant is a good default if you're in Chinatown and can't think of anything to eat.
I love their soup dumplings. Service is great, but I am really annoyed of always having to wait for a table to be seated! It is trouble looking for parking in Chinatown already. One of the best shanghai places in Chinatown, I would travel from Brooklyn to Chinatown frequently for their soup dumpings!
The best pork dumplings I've had outside the San Gabriel Valley. For $6 dollars you can get 8 perfectly sized dumplings, steaming hot and full of soup. AMAZING. I could have easily downed 2 orders of these. If only there was a place like this in DC, I would be set!
A great place to order lunch on Seamless Web!  Too bad their $20 minimum for delivery means I will not likely be a regular though.  Oh well.I went with a small "hot and soup soup" (their spelling) ($1.75) and the shrimp with Szechuan chili sauce ($14.95).  The hot and sour soup as it were was just functional and did not stand out with its flavors in any way.  I would have preferred more piquancy at the least.  The shrimp entree was considerably better though.  I was surprised to see jumbo shrimp and so many of them at that.  Better yet, they were perfectly prepared making them tender to the bite and full of flavor.  Flavor really abounded here as the shrimp were literally engulfed in a more than generous serving of the sauce.  All around it was a solid dish that my rice sopped up wonderfully.  The clear slight here was that sauce was not really spicy in any way, a typically lament for Seamless Web orders.  A great value, and I would be sure to order this dish again and try a few others.  The high minimum order price tag will prevent me from doing that when I have to order for one though.  However, I will check them out in person.
My favorite place. I love their soup dumplings so much, and the Lo Mein is to die for.
The xiao long boas were delicious! It had a long wait, but it was worth it.  For you peanut allergy folks, they do not use peanut oil here
Authentic Shanghai food. The xiao long bao isn't as good as Joe's Shanghai but it's close enough. The other dishes from the kitchen are actually better than Joe's Shanghai. Service is pretty good too. Most importantly you don't have to wait as long as Joe's and it's within walking distance.Ideally. Go to Joe's for the dumplings and return here for the real Shanghainese dishes. For more lists of great Chinatown eateries, check out this list: bit.ly/olMClD
What an awesome dinner at Shanghai Asian Manor. The soup dumplings were fantastic but I was totally blown away by the two entrees we ordered. Obviously the pictures in the menu caused me to order the lions head meatballs - this sounds bizarre but I'm so happy we tried it. Massive pork meatballs with veggies in a delicious brown sauce! Even better was the amazing soft tofu slathered in a Peking meat sauce. The dishes were unusual and unique and very memorable. Highly recommend!!
Everything was tasty and affordable! The truffle soup dumplings and the spare ribs are a definite must try.
We order delivery from here for the office and it is quick, affordable and delicious! We're working our way through the menu, but so far the Wontons Szechuan Style is a standout dish.
My favorite soup dumplings place in Chinatown and every single time I bring friends here, they are all very impressed too. I don't know what sauce they put in the spicy wonton, but it is second to none! There is always a huge line, and they don't take reservations. But I am willing to wait for an hour when I am in the area. Quite a few famous Asian celebrities have been here and recommend the place too. You know how authentic they are now! I wish they could open more locations soon. Waiters are very friendly, they took our (ladies) instructions on how to take pictures (45 degrees above, not under.. haha!!) That was a hilarious and fun night with my sisters. One tip they only take American Express or Cash. No visa...Not sure if this is temporary, don't remember it used to be like this. Come prepared with cash.
The waiting line was 20 minutes and we hesitated if we should stay or not beause we only had 40 minutes to spare. Thankfully, we were seated 7 min into it and lucked out!Food here was above expectation.You should definitely order 'old style scallion noodle' which is not in the menu. Very cheap and very good. (less than 4 bucks)Szechuan dumpling was too good to be true. The sauce was one of those type that you can dip it to anything and would taste great.We have had some shumai that were better than here so no comment on that.We rushed a bit but we were in and out in less than 40 min, fully satisfied. I do not recommend ordering Vegetarian mock duck (no.27) unless you have a party of more than 3.  The portion is big for this cold dish that consist of fried tofu with mushroom.
This is one my favorite restaurants. The wait is always a problem but it's worth it. Unfortunately they recently stopped taking visa , which was pretty inconvenient for me. I didn't have cash or my Amex with me. The food here is absolutely delicious. It's affordable yet delicious. The soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and Shanghai Lomein are a must try. I also tried for the first time this shrimp dish with sweet sauce. Unfortunately it was wayyy too sweet. I would have liked it a little less deer and it was 20 bucks so I don't think that was worth getting that. It's always nice to go there and have the tea which is on the house. Definitely recommend it.
After picking up our marriage license at the City Clerk's Office, the WIFE and I needed to fill our bellies, so, when in Chinatown...Shanghai Asian Manor, as mentioned elsewhere, is a really nice gateway bridging more familiar, English-friendly dim sum houses and the ramshackle, health-grade-obscured jointts you can find in some of the hamlets of Sunset Park, Flushing, and  Manhattan.The one thing you can depend on here is legit Shanghainese cuisine: seafood, buns, and dumplings. We came at a weird hour between late lunch and early dinner and the staff looked exhausted. Nevertheless, we flagged them down to order up some scallion pancakes, Shanghai lo-mein with mixed meat and shrimp, and an order of absolutely transcendent black truffle oil soup dumplings. My wife had the cold noodles with sesame sauce.All the food was great, but it must be said that the truffle oil soup dumplings were perfection itself. Soup dumpling brother is already rich and oily on the tongue but this was something else entirely. I could poke and sip those all day, with or without the shell.Highly recommend.
KenScale: 8.5/10Chinatown in Manhattan becomes absolute madness at daytime during weekends packed with crowds, both Chinese and non-Chinese, looking to get their fix of dim sums. Knowing this, I don't do a lot of dim sum brunches. Moreover, it's trickier than you think to find a reliable dim sum place; some restaurants just serve pre-cooked dim sums on the cart where the dumplings might've been sitting there for hours. Sometime toward the end of last year, though, I found a place that made me come back again. After having a bad meal at a restaurant in Lower East Side, my friends suggested that we go to Shanghai Asian Manor to get some dim sums. I reluctantly obliged since I was already kind of full, but after stealing a couple of bites, I instantly realized that this place was special. Last weekend, my girlfriend and I organized a small brunch gathering to come back here and had a very satisfying meal.The menu at Shanghai Asian Manor is vast, including dim sum selections and other Shanghainese / Chinese dishes. Since we were in a group of five, we had the luxury of ordering as many as we would like. Oddly, the non-dim sum dishes started coming out from the kitchen first, with varying decrees of success. Kung pao chicken was serviceable, and worked nicely with fried rice. Everyone loved the sautéed dry string beans on the side, although the Shanghai style rice cakes didn't receive warm reception. Now on to the dim sum part. I couldn't pinpoint what it was, but there was very consistent level of satisfaction from all the dishes we had ordered. I can never say no to soup dumplings, but it will be hard to find one as good as what comes out from Shanghai Asian Manor. Everyone's favorite was the one that came with pork, with rich, aromatic soup that brought so much satisfaction. We were also tempted enough to order the ones with black truffle as well, but I felt the addition was an overkill in flavor department. Shrimp dumplings at Shanghai Asian Manor were also really outstanding, with very nice balance of texture without a hint of sogginess. There is also a greenish one with watercress, but it didn't add much to the basic shrimp dumplings. Szechuan style wonton was also wonderful, with a spicy kick that almost tempted me to order the second dish. Overall, my suggestion at Shanghai Asian Manor is to stick up the classic dim sum dishes and not look back. You won't see anything that jumps out at you in plating or ingredients, but the simplicity in the restaurant's offerings is actually a strength here. The restaurant doesn't take reservations; during weekend daytimes, it can get really packed so consider visiting in mid-afternoon where the crowd quiets down a bit. They take only two credit cards so if you show up in a large group, be prepared to use Venmo to split the costs. The atmosphere is that of a typical casual Chinese restaurant that also brings a lot of curious non-Chinese diners. With Shanghai Asian Manor, I think I found that go-to dim sum place to catch up with friends on a leisurely brunch time during weekends. My girlfriend certainly agrees, suggesting that organize this at least once every month.
the best xiao long bao around. A lot of people love the crab and pork, but I like the regular pork more as it's not the best quality crab on earth. best of all are the truffle ones, which cost 2x as much, but they're made with real truffles and taste at least 2x as good. Every time I've been here, no matter how many people are outside, the quoted wait time is 20 or 30 minutes. Worth it at almost any wait. Cash or AMEX only.
Xiaolongbao has been my dream food to eat for the past 2 years. Ive scoured countless cities and places to find the perfect eatery to taste my first xialongbao. As such, when opportunity came knocking during my trip to NY, I couldnt refuse. I chose this place out of any others for a few reasons. 1. Price wise.. not too pricy. Friend and I got the pork xiaolongbao + scallion pancakes + braised pork soup for under $20. And we were STUFFED. 2. Good reviews. Id say for my first time, the xialongbao met my expectations. Flavorful broth, skin didnt break, but it wasnt too thick. Good amount of meat. Scallion pancakes were quite crispy, but I feel like Ive had better since I wanted it to be more substantial (in other words, a little less crispy). Still good though. Braised soup... eh? Couldve done without it. Nothing too special. 3. Distance. Not too far from the Canal St Subway and there were plenty of places to look at and see on the way. It also wasnt too touristy so it was good. Only downside was probably service. They really didnt do the service part, being slow to take our order and come with the check. Place wasnt even that full yet in the beginning. Definitely come before 12, even 10 mins before, to at least be seated and beat the lunch hour rush. Not a bad place and will most likely go again.
This food was great and the service was good too. I ordered the steamed pork dumpling, egg drop soup and Shanghai Fried noodles  . Everything was hot and served quickly. Tons of flavor!!! Highly recommend this place! It was delicious!!!
Rapid service once you're sat. Very busy, but they pay attention to ensure you receive the right order. Menu may not have extensive options for vegetarians, but many plates are customizable with tofu or vegetables and they are happy to do it. Hot jasmine tea is quickly served.Hubby and I ordered steamed veggie dumplings, scallion pancakes and ma po tofu. Dumplings were excellent, hot and tasty; scallion pancakes came out piping hot, fluffy and crunchy but very oily. Ma po tofu was ordered without meat, with fried tofu- very tasty but not as spicy as we were hoping l. Portions were large- our eyes were larger than our stomachs! They only have white rice- no brown rice available.Non asians tables are sat with a set of chopsticks and forks, just in case.
Tucked away in New York's Chinatown is this little place where you can find the famous soup dumpling. The place is small and the service is not the fastest but the food is pretty good. We ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings and they were delicious!! The onion pancake was pretty good. We also ordered the noodles with meat sauce. While I enjoyed the udon like noodles themselves, I wasn't a huge fan of the flavoring of the sauce. Giving this place 3.5 stars because mostly everything was pretty good. And the prices weren't very expensive when compared to other parts of the city. Follow me on my way to foodietown! britneygfoodie.yelp.com
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC and, in my opinion, the best one in town. Their soup dumplings (menu #1-3) are stunningly good. I am not really a dumpling fan but their soup dumplings are amazing. Another amazing menu here is Wuxi Spare Ribs. The ribs are very softly cooked and the sauce is sweet and salty. Together with their sautéed vegetables, all their menus are very good, but I would especially recommend the soup dumplings and their wuxi spare ribs.
If you want yummy soup dumplings, go here. The pork ones are my favorite. I usually get the pan fried noodles or chicken and broccoli. Prices are super affordable and the food comes out quickly.
Looking at the long line out the door, listening to the vibrant conversation, taking in the energy if the happy diners in the room, and looking over the vast menu lets me know a full on experience here would probably net these guys a full five stars.My review is based only on one item though. An item most certainly not ideally enjoyed to go, let along on the street in front of the restaurant, which is exactly what we did.I've always wanted to try a real Chinese soup dumpling aka xiao long bao or XLB, something I've only seen on TV. So when I found myself in NYC Chinatown, I had to hunt them down, and a trusted confidant pointed me here.Prior to our arrival, I'd talked up these fabled dumplings and the hot liquid goodness they contain. The family traveling with me couldn't comprehend this notion and were equally excited to try them too! It just so happen that this restaurant was right outside Hop Kee, where we ate our dinner, so I popped in and ordered the pork and pork and crab versions to try! The skins are thin and delicate, and as they'd dried a bit, they stuck to the paper at the bottom of the container making them tough to pick up without breaking. We manger ok, but that's one major reason to enjoy them in the restaurant. The broth was sweet and savory, and the filling delicate with a nice texture. Just about everything is imagined. The pork was definitely better than the pork and crab version though. Each one was lifted onto a spoon and each person was explained how to eat it so as not to burn their mouth. All were enjoyed!I highly recommend this experience to anyone looking for something truly unique. Then go learn how they get the broth in there! It's pretty ingenious!
By far one of my favorite places to eat in the city! I swear I've brought so many people here not only for the soup dumplings, but for pretty much everything on the menu.The xiao long bao here beats the ones I've had at din Tai Fung in Taipei, or any other XLB I've had elsewhere. Perfectly thin wrapped and consistently delicious soup on the inside. This stuff is crack. I'll definitely eat this at my deathbed.Other favorites include the rice cake noodles, the szechuan wontons, and eggplant with garlic sauce.
I am so blessed to have been party to the meal my friend treated me to as part of her "Eat My Way Through NYC" bucket list. This is "weak in my knees" Shanghainese cuisine. Bring a MASSIVE appetite and an adventurous spirit. My friend had already created her own "prix fixe" for us and I willingly surrendered my freedom of choice. We started with the pork and truffle soup dumplings, the crab and pork soup dumplings and an order of Scallion pancakes. Forget that the broth was a sodium lover's dream, but that pancake! I've never had such a light and crispy scallion pancake before. They are usually quite dense and delectably greasy, but their version almost made it okay to have a second order. The pork and truffle dumplings were my favorites of part 1 of our feast.Part 2 started off with a bowl of something a lot of YELPERS have been shouting the praises of. It's an off menu item that people in the know ask for. We ordered it, of course, but I have to say the first few bites didn't rock my existence. I was beginning to wonder what the rest of these people saw in this bowl of scallion noodles, until I realized I had finished the bowl. So, whatever its addictive mystery is, your tummy clearly knows what's what even if your brain didn't get the memo. We also ordered pan fried noodles covered in baby bok choys, assorted veggies, beef and mushroom. And thrown into that mix, we also had the Shanghai wontons covered in a mild chili oil that reminded me a lot of the hot oil dumplings I've eaten at Duck Wong's in Brooklyn. I tapped out after housing that mystery scallion noodle situation, but seriously good eats. The best part was the bill. Under $50 for an incredible amount of food. My friend can continue her bucket list for the next two days - seriously.
Came here for lunch with a few friends on Christmas day after doing some research for a good place. It was about a half hour wait. Once inside, the service was very quick. We ordered appetizers (cold noodles, dumplings and spring rolls) and main meals (I ordered soup) which came in pretty big portions, and ran us all around $17 a person! Everything tasted pretty good. We were all pretty pleased with our decision to come here and see why it got such good reviews!
Almost my go-to place for soup dumplings in Manhattan Chinatown as it's less MSG loaded and not as crowded as Joe's SH. Another plus is that they deliver through seamless!
It gets busy here but I love the food. In my opinion the soup dumpling tastes so much better here and it is served hot.  Ordered the scallion pancakes too and they were super crispy and delicious. Everything else came out relatively quickly and the servers were very attentive. The food can be a little pricy but it is definitely well worth it. I normally avoid the fried rices since I usually feel it's not worth it but I would recommend the shanghai styled rice. It was even delicious  the next day.
They have the best soup dumplings in town.  The owner is Cantonese and they have a Shanghainese Chef and a Hong Kong Chef.  Food here is made pretty good and at very reasonable prices.
i always have the dumplings at this place , the soup dumplings are pretty amazing !   also the shanghai dumplings are slamming
My new Shanghai cafe! Brought by a friend, and really pleased with the food, and SUPER impressed with service. - pork soup dumplings were tasty, juicy, and just the right amount of dough- shanghai fried rice cakes were average- lion meat ball casseroles? don't remember the exact name, but these were delicious! huge meatballs that were sweet and moist, braised with mushrooms, bamboo shoots, cabbage, onions, and other veggies--this was delish. one of those where you want to sop up all the sauce with your rice after you've eaten all the meat.- fried squid had lots of crunchy garlic and chili peppers. i thought this could have been a little crunchier, but the flavors were good- sauteed string beans were standard- cha chiang mian was soupy and saucy and yummy goodness of a mess. prices are reasonable (lower than joe's) and you don't have to share tables ever.sidenote: they even change your plates here! I've NEVER been to a restaurant yet that comes and changes your plates. Keepin' it classy!
Alright, here's another review of a potential Joe's Shanghai steamed tiny buns competitor. Shanhai Asian Manor is located near the foot of Mott Street, right across the street Hop Lee Restaurant, on the corner of Mosco Street and Mott. It has a delightfully big dining room, for Chinatown, Shanghainese Restaurant along with roomy seating and modern decor. Service is attentive and reasonably fast. However, there appears to be fewer people sharing tables, as is the common practice at Joe's.I came here hoping to find a decent competitor to Joe's in the steamed tiny bun (xiaolongbao) wars in Chinatown, and I believe I may have found one. Any restaurant that brands itself as a Shanghai restaurant must make their XLB by hand. From my two orders, one crabmeat and the other pork, I can tell that it is the real thing. Secondly, the skins and soup need to be done right. On the first count, skins a slightly thicker, but not too noticeably. The soup is a bit thinner, but still delicious and slightly less salty and thinner than Joe's. The crabmeat dumplings were tasty and sweet but not overly sweet. In both orders, the pork is firm on par with Joe's. If Joe's rates a 9, Shanghai Asian Manor rates a 7, which is not too bad. In my XLB adventures, I've found only one other restaurant in Manhattan's Chinatown that makes decent XLB in Chinatown, and that's Shanghai Cafe, but the taste profile is a bit different. (see my other review).As for the other dish we had, we ordered a crispy shanghai style noodles with beef. The one thing that I have noticed about this dish, which I had had at other restaurants is that nowadays, some restaurants resort to using obviously dried noodles and regenerate them and re-fry them to serve to customers. All I can say is that if I wanted dry noodles, I would have stayed home and made it myself! This had happened to me at this restaurant and another one in Chinatown which I will not name here. I am now wondering if the Shanghai lo mein on their menu uses the same type of noodle. Just don't order the fried variety when you are here.In summary, Shanghai Asian Manor gets a 3 star thumbs up from the Cheapguy because, both XLB orders held the line in terms of pricing, $6.95 and $4.95. Service was good and the decor was nice for Chinatown. Other than the re-generated noodles, the visit was pleasant!
Being situated right above Hop Kee made my decision quite hard (sarcasm). As I waited for my friend outside all I can think of was the xiao long bao and how I was craving it for weeks. Because she was running REAL late, I looked at my fist and almost bit into it because my hungry eyes hallucinated a xiao long bao. Good thing she showed up right as I opened my mouth.Inside was spacious and clean, quite modern looking for a Chinatown establishment. Once I sat down I ordered 2 baskets of crab xiao long baos with a quickness. We then decided on jellyfish and Shanghai style noodles. Because of my inept ability to read Chinese I ordered in English which my Caucasian friend chuckled because she speaks and reads Chinese.The xiao long bao was quite tasty but I've had better. It doesn't taste hand made like Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing but the soup was good. Noodles came packed with meat and vegetable goodness, delicious. Jellyfish was fresh and cold, yum.I got my xiao long bao fix satisfied finally, now let's go dancing.
BEYOND ANY REASONABLE DOUBT.....The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in Flushing are better. But if you are stuck in Chinatown and are too cheap to take the Chinatown bus to Flushing (a whopping $2.00 now!!), you are stuck with Shanghai Asian Manor, Chinatown's answer to the beloved Shanghainese soup dumplings.  What you COULD do is get:1.  soup dumplings 2.  noodle soup (the noodles are actually quasi al dente -- not too soggy)3. scallion pancakeWASH IT ALL DOWN WITH TEA. The pros of this restaurant are that they won't kick you out.  They dont have the insane lines like the legit shanghainese soup dumpling places in Flushing.  BUT... they are definitely a better bet than Joe's Ginger or Joe's Shanghai.  Don't waste your cash... (these places only take cash and well, i wouldn't put it past anyone who has a skimmer even if they do take credit cards -- BUYER BEWARE!!!)
The Starbucks of Shanghainese food, with all of the things that this entails, good or bad.
Higher quality (and a better selection of dishes) than Joe's Shanghai, Shanghai garden, and Nice green bo.  You won't have to share your table with German tourists taking pictures of soup dumplings either.  Don't be put-off by the murals of General Tso's Chicken on their walls: this place is the real deal.  My favorite spot in Chinatown by a mile.
Literally the best chinese food I have ever eaten, hands down. The shrimp dumplings were to-die-for, and we all agreed that the sesame chicken was the best we have ever had. They have very fast service and the menu has some very authentic items. I will only eat here from now on when I am in the China Town area. Also, it is important to note that the place is very tricky to identify, it's sign is kind of on the corner, but you walk right into the place and not down any staircases, we made this mistake, but thankfully caught on before we ordered.
the soup dumplings - you will feel a waterfall of sweet, porky soup into your mouth. its seriously the most soup i've had come out of a dumpling.again, the soup is sweeter than what i'm used to, but it's still really good.also tried the scallion pancake. it's 4 really big triangular crisps. it's pretty good. i think i'll pass on it next time and try other things next time. toooooo much friedness for me.
10 minute wait at 1:30 on a Thursday... SO worth it. Everything was delicious. Dumplings were perfectly cooked, both steamed and fried types. We ordered a lot because we wanted variety. Table was crowded with dishes, large portions and when we got the bill? Worked out to about $7 per person with tip. Couldn't be happier!
We visited here this weekend after reading all of the great reviews!  We were not disappointed!  We had the crab and pork dumpling starter, scallion pancakes, pork lo mein and shrimp with a fruit sauce.  The dumplings and shrimp were AMAZING!  The service was fantastic too.I also bought a pretty robe across the street from a very nice woman - stop there if you are looking for gifts.
My new favorite Chinatown restaurant!!  Cheap and Delicious!!What we got:Crab or Pork Soup Dumplings - Wow, these were so fresh and delicious!!  I've been here three times and the soup dumplings have come out piping hot every time!!  Definitely an advantage over Joe's.Scallion Pancake - These are the BEST scallion pancakes I've ever had!!Fried Tiny Buns - These were yummy!!  They come in a plate of eight, my friend ate seven of them!!!Cabbage with Crab Meat - I do not recommend this dish.  While I liked it, I was the only one of four who did.  And adding crab meat made the price of this veggie dish way too high!Shredded Pork and Preserved Vegetables with Rice Cakes - While I didn't love the first bite, it definitely grew on me A LOT.  It was a little bland so add a little hot sauce to it.   The rice cakes were a great texture though and I love preserved veggies!!Shanghai Noodles - These were just okay.  Joe's noodles are better.Service:I've gone three times and have had to wait at least 15 minutes for a table twice.  The service once you get a table is very efficient and fast.
I love it here! I always get the same three dishes whenever I come: the wine chicken, fried rice cakes and sautéed snow pea shoots. I grew up on wine chicken and love the strong taste, but some of my friends find it odd because it's served cold. All the rice cake combos are delicious but my favorite is the classic shredded pork with veggies. The preserved greens add a ton of flavor to the otherwise simple dish. There's a bamboo shoot-topped snow pea dish on the menu, but I usually ask for just snow pea shoots sautéed in garlic. It's not on the menu but I like it better than the former which sometimes is served with a brown sauce. Add a glass of soy milk with sago pearls and you have the perfect meal.Aside from the food, the restaurant is fairly modern and clean for Chinatown and I've always found the servers to be very helpful.
Came on a Friday night and this place was packed, but not as crazy packed as Joe's Shanghai (which is overhyped). I love their crabmeat & pork Shanghai dumplings! The skin is thin with just the right amount of filling and full of soup. We also had their mayonnaise shrimp, which isn't the best. It's more on the sour side (I like it sweet). And last we had an order of seafood rice cake that I recommend.
Our go-to when we are craving XLB in NYC. Much better than waiting ~2 hours at Joe's...and it's CLEAN. The wait is also pretty good for weekend lunch - I don't think I've waited longer than 5-10 min for a table.
Nice and clean dinning space. The fried scallion pancake was good but besides that the order we had of: Pork Soup Dumpling - taste was overpowered by sesame seed oil, anyone who's had soup dumping knows this isn't a standard ingredient in the filling mix; also the pork filling was dry (i.e. used lean ground pork instead of medium lean, it's the marbleized fat that makes the dumplings juicy). Thick (Shanghai) Noodles w/ Sliced Pork & Preserved Vegetables - the noodles are not homemade or tasted fresh; it was mushy, overcooked and not up to good noodle texture; the soup base, veggies and meat was standard, nothing special. Won't be back, especially when there are many more authentic Shanghainese restaurants to choose from in the neighborhood.
This place is legit for soup dumplings. I didn't have to wait at all on Thursday evening at 615 pm. I also tried Shanghai pan-fried noodles which were good --  definitely a cut above standard Chinese food but not transcendant like the soup dumplings.
Xiao long baos is as good as those from Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing.  The skin is VERY thin with lot of soup inside.The place is spacious, nicely decorated and clean, which is rare in Chinatown.  Cheap and delicious.Good place to bring co-workers for lunch and dinner.
Stick with the dumplings, buns, soups. They're phenomenal. The other dishes look amazing but personally, I can't handle all the sauces or fried stuff... but that's just me. Dined here many times. Consistently good.
We came in from Toronto and wanted to do things that were not touristy. We looked this place up on here and found it off the beaten path which was awesome. We got the recommended soup dumplings but also got the shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings and the general sou's chicken. I have a feeling everything you order from there would be epic. staff was very friendly and super clean.
Absolute favorite NYC Chinese comfort food destination for me.  Best soup dumplings and wine chicken ever, addicting!  The secret's out though!  So many diners there now.  I'm an original fan, however, way before they opened up this second location to accompany their first - Shanghai Asian Cafe!
Delicious & cheap - once of my favorite Chinatown spots! Never disappoints!
3.5 starsThe soup dumplings were really good, but I was unimpressed with the other food we ordered (fried buns, beef noodle soup, and cold noodles). Not a fan of the noodles they chose to use for each dish.. I usually like thicker/chewier noodles in beef noodle soup, but they used thin noodles.Overall, service is decent-- constant refilling of tea, etc. Prices are also great (only $24 total for four small dishes, including tax and tip).The interior is also pretty sparkly and new, in contrast to many of the other Asian establishments in the neighborhood.**$20 card minimum**
My friends introduced me to this place and what a gem it is!  I couldn't tell you what we ordered (as I let them choose), but the soup dumplings and traditional entrees were hot and delicious!  Loved them all!!!  I am definitely going back and will tell all of my other friends.
Came here on a Sunday.. busy inside.. but we were seated in 5 minutes. The food was delicious and the wait staff was extremely nice. I really enjoyed the food. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were just as good as Joe's Shanghai in my opinion. I really liked their black pepper beef dish thingy. it was yummy too. the kung pao chicken was good.. my gf said it was too spicy but i didnt think it was spicy at all. very yummy and will be back again!
Ordered the xiao long bao, which was average.This place looks like any other Chinatown restaurant.Pretty much just came here to try the xiao long bao (aka soup dumplings)... hm. I also tried a couple of their various stir fry dishes that tasted like average chinatown fare, authentic and large portions, but nothing I haven't eaten before. And you know, it's not as cheap as I would have liked it. When I go to chinatown, I am expecting a full stomach and wallet in return.So yeah, come here if you are tired of Joe Shanghai. But I don't think I will ever be. Not enthusiastic...
Place to be when its freezing cold and windy outside. The Decor is modern w/ appetizing pictures of delicious foods that they serve. Wait time is to a minimumStaff is prompt and courteous (tea pot is never empty)Most importantly the food. Soup Dumplings (hit the spot, warm tasty soup in delicate but not too thin skin)Good mix of Cold/Hot foodsI usually stick to the appetizer menu (that's all you really need)
Fulfilling and tasty Chinese foods with affordable prices, be prepared for the waiting lines.
I came here when it first opened last year in November. While the small soup dumplings are good, they are not anything special. However, if Joe's Shanghais backlogged for 30 minute wait, this place is  just a walk down the block, and a left turn at the corner onto Mott St. Worth a try, but like I said, don't get caught in the hype like it's "the best of the best."  Also, the  flavor and texture of the dishes such as the beef shanghai noodles left me with an impression that the kitchen staff used cooking methods (eg: flame intensity, moisture content, preparation of meats and mixture of dough, etc)  that are modified from the original concept of Shanghainese style cooking. Whether intentional or not, the Shanghainese flavors are lost. For this reason, I cannot vouch for this place to be considered a true shanghainese restaurant. It may masquerade as such, but flavors are not true, and more msg than true flavor is doing the talking.Compare this restaurant with 456 Shanghai Cuisine on 69 Mott st., which is a revival of the old shanghainese restuarant called "456" that was around to serve the local shanghainese community decades ago and closed due to retirement of the owner, and now reopened by the grandson using the same receipt the grandfather used to make traditional soup dumplings.  I still enjoy the authenticity of Joe's Shanghai. You'll notice the flavor difference when you compare side by side that something is off with Shanghai Asian Manor.
The best of both worlds- the awesome food of a hole-in-the-wall in an actually clean restaurant.  Great soup dumplings. Actually, great everything dumplings.  The menu is big and there's some quirky stuff that's fun to eat alongside the old stanby's.
Xiao Long Bao! Shut yo, mouth! My friends took us here instead of Joe's Shanghai when we visited NYC  since they knew it would be too crowded there. We had a group 12 and they definitely hooked us up. We ate family style and it felt like we ordered almost everything on their menu. All different types of Chinese food you can imagine was on our table... and gone within 10-15 minutes.  The main event was the xiao long bao. Soup dumplings that barley fit onto your soup spoon and are filled with savory juice. YUM. Let's just say we came out of the restaurant satisfied without having to pay an arm and a leg for the food either. Shanghai Asian Manor, I miss your food.
do not eat here if you are vegetarian.  work colleagues and i ordered here for lunch and tho my order was specified meat-free, it came jam packed with various meat bits.  basically inedible for a vegetarian. another work colleague got some eggplant, which also came with the ubiqitous meat bits.  that's it. the food was honestly pretty good, but i just can't trust this place to get an order right. if you're not vegetarian, you'll be fine.
My friends really enjoy this place. they took me here for soup dumplings. I personally don't think it's any better than shanghai cafe. I still vote shanghai cafe as the best soup dumplings in the city. However, the food is decent, and place is clean. waitress was friendly. I wouldn't mind come back for decent chinese food.  Price was reasonable.I guess if you are tired of waiting for Joe Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe. this could be your choice.
Horrible service!! They completely forgot the order and there is no heat when it's freezing outside!!!
Mr and Mrs Fishy are very happy! We finally found a great Chinese restaurant that delivers to the financial district. There are traditional shanghai dishes (soup dumplings and lionshead meatballs), fresh veggies (pea pod shoots) and my favorite (tofu sheets and edamame). They were super friendly and handled our special requests without blinking an eye. We're definitely ordering from here again!
Came here with a group of friends. Waited almost an hour to be seated even though the young girl hostess told us it would a 20 minute wait.  Ordered the crab meat soup dumplings and they wasn't any real crab in it.  They should call crap dumplings instead. As for the main dishes, they were mediocre at best.  Never returning here or to any of the other 2 affiliated restaurants. Definitely could get better tasting food for cheaper elsewhere in Chinatown.  The owner kept checking out the females in my group...very creepy!
Unlike the normal chinese hole in the wall restaurant, this place is very nice and clean. Almost too nice, but the food is good. The shao long bao, both pork and crab were delicious. Up to par with joe's shanghai in my opinion. Also the shanghai lo mein is really good here. The portion is smaller than joe's but more flavorful. I've had better chicken (chung yao gai? but not with the chung yao) but it was still tasty.Also, they have pretty good sesame balls for desert, served with rice wine! However, I liked joe's redbean pancake desert better. Overall, I like this place, although it's a good walk from the subway.
I hate to give a bad review, but the customer service sucks. I went there on a weekday and it was not busy. It took the waiter while to take my order, because he was busy chatting in the order with the other co workers. The only reason why I gave it a 3 stars because their watercress and shrimp dumpling is good, but not the greatest.
Hungry (as always), we were looking for a new restaurant to try in Chinatown. This place was delicious!!! First of all, really really clean for a restaurant in Chinatown! I didn't feel cramped in a small space. It was nicely decorated and the servers/waiters/waitresses were nice. Clean bathroom (for customers only).We ordered 4 things:Steamed Pork Buns (aka soup dumplings) - These were sooo delicious and soupy! I think these dumplings are as good if not better than Joe's Shanghai. I really enjoyed the fact we didn't have to wait for 45 mins. for a table and have to eat with other people like at Joe's. They were 8 for $4.95!Shanghai Chicken Lo Mein - My favorite! They use noodles like udon noodles and stir fried it with chicken, bok choy and a few pieces of mushrooms. Tasted so good!Pepper Steak - This is soo good too (if you can't tell...everything is soo good lol)! It was slightly breaded and had mostly meat with green and red bell peppers and onions. Whatever sauce it was in was delicious!Kung Pao Chicken - I'm not usually a fan of Kung Pao Chicken, but this was good! A tad spicy, but still good.
Like riding a food roller coaster. First, the soup dumplings - way up! The crab meat ones are killer, even better than the ones at Joe's. Then sesame "soup" - literally - literally! - a bowl of heated water - major down. Then on to pan-fried dumplings - another major up (but when are pan fried dumplings not?). Then on to the noodle soups - both of which were essentially hot water with soy sauce and beef broth flavoring.All in all, hugely mixed. Just from our meal, it seems like the restaurant puts all its effort into making unbelievable soup dumplings to the neglect of the rest of the menu. It's a shame, but at least the dumplings are worth it.
Delicious soup dumplings! Ranks in my top 10. Although one of the orders came with half the dumplings deflated and leaky, which was disappointing. I usually just get regular as the crab soup dumplings aren't anything special. It can get pretty busy around lunch so expect a little wait, although it clears out pretty quickly. Service--never expect much as it is chinatown....
Excellent value for NYC. We fed our party of four for under $40. The hot sour soup was excellent. Great noodles and fried rice. Dumplings were awesome.
It is not often that I'm in this area, but when I realized I'd be down there one weekend I made a point to try out a new spot. We walked right in at noon on a Saturday and browsed the large menu (thank goodness for pictures) to try and figure out what to order. I'd been set on scallion pancakes and I would probably have been happy eating just them because they were AMAZING. Perfectly crispy, not oily at all, flavorful and with a great dipping sauce. The soup dumplings and fried pork dumplings were both a big hit too. At this point we were already pretty stuffed but had ordered 3 entrees to share and our table was overlowing with different dishes.  I thought the lo mein was pretty good although next time I would probably order chicken over shrimp. The seasame chicken and the beef dish (can't remember exactly what it was called) were both pretty good as well but I think we were too stuffed to enjoy them. Other than when we first sat down and had our order taken, the service was pretty non-existent. If I come back I'll likely focus more on the  dumplings and other starters, as while the main dishes were good, they didn't stand out to me like the scallion pancakes!
I enjoy coming here when I cant decide what I want to eat in the area. The crabmeat soup dumplings are really good. I also love the scallion pancakes because they are super crispy and i love the sweet dipping sauce. My sister and I always love to order the chicken pan fried noodles because its pretty big. That dish is best eaten there because the noodles get soft pretty quick. I personally really enjoy the braised noodles with scallions and pork chop. Its very flavorful compared the other braised noodles. My friend order the braised noodles with beef and it was very plain while the pork chop one was very tasty. I have also had the Noodles with meat sauce. It was surprisingly small and pretty salty. My friend had the Shanghai lo mein which they recommended and it was surprisingly good, but maybe a tad greasy. Overall, I did enjoy eating here and I definitely would come back for mainly the crabmeat soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, pan fried noodles and the porkchop braised noodles.
Soup dumplings are really good and not too greasy like Joe's Shanghai.  Spicy wonton were my favorite. Staff was nice, cant wait to go back.
The food is great. The staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating. The interior and ambience are very comfortable. Would definitely recommend.
The first thing you must order is the soup dumplings. Absolutely must!Prices are definitely affordable!Service is good & quick. Friendly people, but not that good with English. Make sure you point out what you so they can get the order right the first time. Very spacious. The only table that I see is no use is the first one right in the middle of the restaurant. Not a good seating place for anyone.
The best soup dumplings I've ever had. Very fast service and incredibly affordable. Definitely recommend it to anyone!
This place always seems to be packed...must be because the food is good? Nope. I think it's more due to the decor and accessible menu. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated but as the night went on, I noticed it took longer to be seated. The restaurant is relatively small. Decor is modern and clean and there are even booths. The menu has a wide array of different Chinese dishes, appetizers include a variety of buns/dumplings, noodles and noodle soups. The table ordered the xiao long baos, the shrimp and walnut dish, fried cuttlefish, rice cake, noodles and I had a noodle soup and scallion pancakes. My friends said it wasn't that good. The rice cakes were very chewy. The fried stuff was very fried, some to the point of over fried. The noodle soup was very plain and the noodles were very incredibly stuck together. The service was prompt and friendly. I did feel that they were overstaffed, it was hard to wave someone down. But it was a lot of food for very cheap, we paid $15 per person including tip!
Come here for the soup dumplings, which are probably the best in Chinatown (though still a cut below Nan Xiang's in Flushing). Don't feel pressured to order anything else, bc the rest of the menu is in solid "meh I've had better" territory.
Wonderful little place that my Taiwanese friend took us to.  He ordered for us in Mandarin and we were pleasantly surprised when the food came out.Our order consisted of hot tea, Dim sum dumplings with pork, a fried pork chop, chilled wine chicken (weird, but tasty--I would have preferred it warm), scallion pancakes, and shrimp fried rice.  Three of us got away under $30 dollars and had way too much to eat! The service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, and everything was delightful--excepting the fact that my girlfriend and I are both white so they promptly brought us forks to supplement our chop sticks! :)
This place is ehh. Prices are more expensive than other places in chinatown. The food is okay, I think other places have better flavor. The small steam dumpling are not good. The skin is super thick and the juice is okay. The juice is very light so if you like a liter taste this place is good, but you will hate how thick the skin is. I think this place is a okay to skip. Oh yeah I have no idea why they serve water in a cup that is made for a five year old. Two sips of water and it is empty....
I'm visiting NYC for the Thanksgiving weekend, and of course, what trip to NYC is complete without visiting Chinatown. We saw great reviews of this place on Yelp, and  decided to have a late lunch/ early dinner here.  Yes, what all the positive reviews have said were true.  We ordered Shanghai Wonton Soup and it was delicious.  I appreciated that it wasn't too salty.  We also ordered various dumplings, and they were very tasty.  Good food at a reasonable price.  Overall, a quite satisfying experience.
Best soup dumplings in New York  City period. I went and visited Shanghai in 2008 (for the olympics) and the ones here are as authentic as it gets!! Service is not bad considering how busy they are all the time. The place is a little crammed but nice compared to a lot of the run down places in CTown. Go else here if you like your soup dumplings hard a stale with cold soup because at SAM they are the best of best freshest of the fresh.
Xiao long bao? OK.Shanghai wonton soup? Not great.Onward with our search.
The steam pork soup dumpling is exceptionally made !! The chef created the dumplings wrap transparently thin and the pork filling and soup is right on. The flavor of the pork chop noodle soup is right on with the noodle cooked al dente. The price for both together is only $11.00, exceptional value for such tasty food.
I come to Shanghai Asian Manor for the soup dumplings. They are so good! During dinnertime, it can get very crowded; I had to wait around 20 minutes for a table. But I went again a few days ago for lunch, and my friend and I were seated immediately. We also ordered their pan fried noodles and lo mein. Both were also very good. However, the Thai iced tea was not the best that I've had. I suggest coming here for their soup dumplings though! Freaking amazing!
Love this shanghai restaurant. This one and the one on Elizabeth St. The Shanghai Lo Mein is good. Soy Sauced just enough. I ate in here before and the service was good. The crab meat soup buns are yummy too. Plus the scallion pancake.  The Take Out is in the back of the restaurant, it's an easy transaction. Staffs are friendly, nothing to complaint about.
We've found the perfect Shanghai Cafe replacement and we found it here at Shanghai Asian Manor. This space has gone through a few restaurants that didn't last very long, but I think this soup dumpling place is going to be around for a little while. We've been here several times already...just to make sure we like it =)This place is very clean (especially for Chinatown standards) and waitstaff is very nice. As for the food, you obviously have to order the soup dumplings and here's what I think:1. The dumplings have a lot more soup than it's competitors.2. The meat is fresher3. The skin is thiner which makes the dumplings more delicate, but I like it thinner. 4. For the crab soup dumplings, you actually taste the crab! We've also had the following that is very delish:1. cold sesame noodles - it is cold egg noodles with a peanut butter/sesame oil dressing2. sesame pancakes - YUMM!!!3. Cha Chieng Mein - Noodles with minced meat4. Deep fried fish  Writing all this makes me want to go back to it all over again. Can't wait for our next trip!
Really good food. Cheap and tasty!
Pretty good. I like it. Really love the scallops with vege dish ;)
This is my go to restaurant in Manhattan Chinatown. They have the best xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) of all the places I've tried in the US. I used to live in Shanghai so I can be pretty picky about these kinds of things... Often when I have friends from Shanghai visiting I'll take them here to taste something similar to home. Having said this the food definitely isn't fine dining, its more like comfort food. I introduced this restaurant to one of my good friends here and he comes at least once a week.Their prices are also very reasonable, often the whole meal averages at around $10 when split between a group. At night, especially on weekends, it can get quite busy though so plan to wait for 15-20 mins. The other good news is that the crowd is very mixed with both chinese and laowais (foreigners) eating here.
I went back here last night after not having been for a while. The food is excellent, as long as you make sure you order real Shanghai food. They have added a number of Cantonese and Chinese-American dishes to the menu, so it is often difficult to know what the real good stuff is. Some advice: Stay with the cold appetizers, soup dumplings (some of the best in NY), yellow fish dishes, Lion's Head, Shanghai style noodle dishes and a few  other things (although I must admit, the salt and pepper squid, a Cantonese dish, as also excellent). Wikipedia has a good list of Shanghai dishes en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sh…
Their soup dumplings are fantastic--they are comparable with Joe Shanghai but you don't have to go through the hassle of waiting for a table. They are super juicy, full of flavor, and don't fall apart when you pick them up unlike some other ones I've had. I prefer the pork dumplings to the shrimp/pork ones. The Braised Lion`s Head Meatballs are also amazing. They are massive, incredibly tender meatballs with mushrooms, bamboo, and bok choy. Give this a try if you're looking for something a bit off the beaten path. The Szechuan Wontons were pretty tasty and had a nice spice but the flavors were definitely not authentic (they were missing the numbing prickly ash spice) and the skin was a bit thick but I guess that can be expected since it's a Shanghai restaurant instead of Szechuan.
Xiao Long Bao.  Great place.  I went to this spot with my girlfriend and her co-workers and we ordered a ton of stuff.  Every dish was delicious and the bill was so cheap!  I really hope no stupid blogger puts this place on blast and ruins it for everyone else.  Salt and Pepper Pork, several seafood dishes, and veggie dishes are all musts in addition to the best soup dumpling I've ever had.Xie Xie Shanghai Asian Manor. I look forward to coming back very soon.
I like the soup dumplings at this place more than Joe's Shanghai. This place is very clean and foods are good. ! star off cuz their shanghai noodles are little too sweet.
Good food and prompt service. Go for the pork xiaolongbao.
Get the crab with pork xiao long baos.  Perfectly clear broth in these favorful crab & pork xiao long baos. Generally xiao long baos have a fattier, thicker, broth that weighs me down after I inhale a tray but these were so rich & light & flavorful. The dian dian mien is also a unique twist with a light crab & peanut based broth instead of the pork broth I am used to.
Great quality food and decent prices. I really miss Goody's that used to be open down the block. They were hands down, the best Shanghai restaurant ever, but this is the next best thing. For some reason this location taste better than the one on elizabeth street, but they're both good. Not much to really say about this place. Nothing to go wild about and nothing to hate on. Sometimes less is more.
I was invited here for dinner, so it was my first time trying this out. I completely forgot what we ordered except for the soup dumplings. Actually, I lied. We shared several plates: Chicken and walnuts [or was it pine nuts?], beef and broccoli, noodles [what looked like udon style] in brown sauce, and pancakes. It was all good, I was simply in a rush eating, talking, and needing to make it to another soirée. Basically, I would eat here again if invited, I will not go out of my way to eat here again.
This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown.I don't care what people say about Joe's Shanghai or Joe's Ginger, Shanghai Manor has the best soup dumplings!!!The skin of the dumplings are simply perfect, not too thin and not too thick, soft with a little chewiness. The pork has the perfect amount of flavor, and they are always cook to perfection. Then there is the best part of the dumpling, the soup, or I like to call it "meat juice". The flavor of the soup itself is an art, it's crafted with such simplicity but pack with wonderful flavors. The crab meat and pork combo is delicious as well, it has the right amount of crab meat and pork so one doesn't over-power the other..I could go on and on about how good Shanghai Manor's soup dumplings are, but it really doesn't help if you don't try them out... Seriously, you are missing out if you have not try the soup dumplings at Shanghai Manor.
I love how big the soup dumplings are here! So much for not that much money. Also, the rest of the menu is fairly cheap, but the restaurant itself is nice in terms of ambiance (compared to other places in Chinatown). It's a great place to sit down and have a nice meal in Chinatown, with good food and not as long of a wait as other places. Other than the soup dumplings, I would also recommend the seafood pan-friend noodles! Only complaint is that the bean curd/veggie dish I got was a little too salty and over-sauced. A great stop that I hate missing whenever I visit Chinatown!
This is the same owner and menu as Shanghai Asian Cuisine which is a block over. I come here more now because it's bigger and the decor is nicer. The food is the same so check out the other review. Only thing is that this place does not have the delicious orange slushies that the other has.Food - 8.5   Decor - 7   Service - 6
Shanghai Asian Manor also serves soup dumpling that always make a great impression to people you bring. Besides they also have Szechuan dumplings; ask not too spicy to be sure you can eat them since this part of China cooks really spicy. Skip the boiled pork and leek dumplings, insipid after this explosion of flavors in your mouth. And do not miss the braised duck; it is so tender you almost want to buy your meat in Chinatown after having tasted it. Served with bamboo shoots, there might be a little to much scallion sauce but this is only a detail.
The best shanghai food in manhattan for real!!! Definitely order the pork dumplings! My husband and I can't go anywhere to try shanghai food now because we don't think anywhere else will be as authentic!
Freaking love this place! Cant even write my review right now because I'm drooling over the thought of their xlb's in my mouth. so freaking good. Rich broth, nice amount of meat to dumpling skin ratio. great service. Quick and perfect! Very affordable! And how can you miss it with that HUGE dumpling on the side!?! LOVE this place and cannot WAIT to put some of these bad boys in my mouth this friday!!!! ekkk!
So since this place has opened I waited a while before trying it out- about a month.  This place is pretty good-- a good and affordable alternative to Joe's Shanghai, which much of the city raves about for their dumplings.  So I would recommend this place for Shanghai food  if you want to find an alternative to Joe's Shanghai in that area.I think the food is reasonably priced for their portions, but I think the drinks are over priced for the amount they give you for take-out.  I haven't had a chance to sit there and eat so i won't be able to supply any information regarding service, but a funny fact is if you're doing take-out, they don't take your order up front, they ask you to go to the back of the restaurant as to not disrupt the guest-flow for people dining in.  It doesn't bother me too much but I just wanted to point out that this is a strange concept to me.Since trying their food, I've gone back several times.  This place is worth checking out- maybe next time I'll try dining in.
We walked, we watched, walked, watched- Chinese New Year parade!! Then we ate Shanghai Soup Dumplings!!! Start again--repeat!!
This place is very good and the service rocks. The food comes out quick and the prices are average for good sized portions.
Went with New Yorker. Who frequent the place often.   The. Dumpling is the best, the scallion cake is authentic too.  However I ordered a Duck with ginger n scallion, it serves with tons of sauce n it really is disappointing.  Too salty as well.  The beanshoots was served with the stems, while in a lots of Asian countries only the leaves are served, though it was tasty, but slightly chewy. Service is good too.
Food is usually great here and affordable.  However, the last time I ate here with my boyfriend my chicken and broccoli was extremely oily.  I loved coming here because their sauces weren't oily like many other places, but it seems their quality has lowered - who knows maybe it was a bad day for them.  I left very disappointed, but will give them one more chance in the future, since their soup dumplings are still yummy.
Great Shanghainese restaurant in C-townClose to boba tea bars, Chinese snack shops, etc so a good place to go to if you are a visitor.Very clean, friendly service, feels like a new establishment, takes credit cards, picture menu helps too.Very authentic Xiao Long Bao's (steamed pork dumplings with soup inside), all the noodles are great, I'd highly recommend the onion scallion pancakes which are fried and served with a dipping sauce. The portions are very generous for the price. Enjoy!
Suprisingly good. but their soup dumplings were alright.  I especially like their scallion pancakes and the shanghainese noodles.
We stuck with the apps and were not disappointed. We had the soup dumplings, spicy wontons, scallion pancake and red bean pancake. Spicy wontons weren't that spicy (nothing compared to our favorite from Flushing) but still tasty. Loved the red bean app. Reminded me of the amazing Red Bean Sesame Balls from Din Tai Fung in Sydney. Soup dumplings and scallion pancake was both excellent. Up there with my other favorites in the city.
Good food for a good price. I've been longing for TsingTao (beer) for some time now and we had a wonderful reunion. :-)
This place was ok..THE biggest gripe..they wanted to decline me using my credit card because they have a minimum purchase of 20 dollars....how annoying! I know for a fact that is against the mastercard and visa regulations ...merchants are NOT supposed to do that! Will not go back here.
If i can make it 100 stars, I would! I can't get over the taste and freshness of the food. My mother and I went to hopefully get some decent chinese food in china town during our stay in Manhattan so we went in here. From start to finish, EVERYTHING was delish! We had their steamed dumplings, pork fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and general tos chicken. OMG everything oyu bite into, you know it's fresh, just made with a ton of flavor! This resturante was by far the best food in new york, florida (where we live) and pretty much almost everywhere I've been. This place is a must go to!
Solid and not greasy, but the kung pao was kind of bland. I had something I thought were soup dumplings and turned out not to be. The wrapping was gluey and I took out the shrimp and watercress from 7 out of 8. the scallion pancakes were nice and crispy, but not enough scallions for my taste. Also, what was with the miniscule amount of dipping sauce for them?! I really wish I had been able to find an ATM so I could go to Joe Shanghai, which looked amazing and authentic. No major complaints if you are in the mood for decent chinese food.
This place has ruined Chinese takeout for me. I wandered in during the freak October snowstorm and was immediately seated and served.  The service was attentive, friendly, and helpful. We had a noodle dish, and I'm certain that the lo mein noodle were hand-pulled, because they tasted fresh and delicious.  The dumplings are heavenly, and the wonton soup was so good- flavorful without being salty, like most are. A great experience!
Food was amazing but service was terrible. To echo the comment about preferential treatment, they forgot half our order and took a really long time in between dishes. Meanwhile, all those around us, including those who sat way after us, were served immediately. We struck up a conversation with the really sweet Chinese family at the table next to us and even they ended up saying something to the server. Staff was apologetic about it, though then they still messed up the rest of our order. Even with all of that, I'd still totally come back. The food was that good. The soup dumplings are amazing, as are the Szechuan wontons (which we ordered per the recommendation of our waitress). Also really loved the red bean pancakes and the wine chicken. The only thing we were lukewarm on was the scallion pancakes, which were a little too flaky and lacked a real scallion flavor.
Just so so. Foods not really consistently good. Sometimes it can be sort of tasteless then the next time its not. Other times its greasy as heck then its the next time theres no grease to speak of. I can treally pin point it but my sister and my folks seem to like it a lot so we keep coming back. soup dumplings arent bad but ive had better. lo mein is either awesome or just eh depends on the day. when its awesome its a lot better than ive had elsewhere and when its just eh its not bad just not great.
Value: Very first time trying xiaolongbao so hard to say.I didn't feel that it was overpriced given how much I liked it though.Flavor: Xiaolongbao was fun to eat for the first time. Being dumpling like meant it was a safe dish so I enjoyed it and hope most people will like it too as long as they like pork.Atmosphere: I was expecting a long wait as it was around 1 PM on a weekend and dim sum is quite popular but it was only about 5-10 min. Aside from short wait time, very standard dim sum atmosphere.Experience: Came here for dim sum, It was my first time trying xiaolongbao and I really enjoyed it.
I would only recommend the shanghai dumplings here. Each order comes with 8 dumplings and cost about 5 dollars. I came here because my sister wanted dumplings and I thought since it's chinatown, there would be really good chinese food. I was WRONG. We ordered the pan fried noodles, and salt baked squid and they were both a disappointment. The panfried noodles were soggy and too salty and the salt baked squid was okay but the portion was too small for the price that I paid (probably 13-15 dollars). Anyway, just order the dumplings. :)
It's only based on the 2 dishes I ordered. The crab meat soup dumpling was good. I liked the fact that it was not too greasy. The vegetable wanton was so so. The filling was quite flavorful, but  the wrap outside tasted really sticky and not fresh. The seating was comfortable and spacious comparing with the other Chinatown restaurants.
You can find me here any given Sunday. This place is perfect.. Well priced. Food is tasty. Service is exceptional. Favorite dishes are the xiao long bao, any shanghai noodle dish, and scallion pancakes. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Chinatown
Steamed tiny buns is really good. Other menus are just ok for me.
First time visit.  My girlfriend was meeting my (Shanghainese) parents for the first time, so I wanted to take them someplace nice.  We wanted to do dimsum, but didn't want the horrible attitude that usually came with the typical crowded dimsum establishments.  Read the reviews that the food here is great and the servers are friendly.  They were right.We ordered the fried mini buns (3/5 - skin too thick), shrimp dumplings (4/5), shrimp & watercress dumplings (3/5 - skin too sticky), scallion pancakes (5/5 - flaky and tender), kau fu (gluten, 3/5 - a little on the sweeter side), vegetarian mockduck (bean curd skin stuffed with black mushrooms, 4/5), fish fillet in wine sauce (5/5 - authentic; fish very tender), eggplant with garlic sauce (3/5 - underflavored), whole fried yellowtail fish in sweet and sour sauce (4/5 - perfectly crisp and tender, but fish could be fresher; sauce was great).As noted above, the food was above average, but not mind blowing.  What really stood out was the service.  The servers were warm and friendly, frequently offering to refill our complimentary tea.  We asked for one of the booths, and they did not hesitate to grant our wish.  We ordered food in several rounds, and they were always around to take our orders.  Although there were customers waiting at the door (this was around noon on Sunday), we were never rushed.  The menu had pictures and were in both English and Chinese, which was helpful as well.All in all, a great experience.  Would come back again.
Decent soup dumplings, pretty good chicken lo-mein.
Excellent Food!!! Love this place .... great Dumplings... will be back Soon ;)
NYC is loaded with tons of Chinese restaurants - it seems like every 2 blocks there's at least one joint serving Oriental food. Unfortunately though, restaurants offering authentic food from the Sichuan region in China are hard to find. Bored of the usual, Americanized menu items, I hoped to have a taste of spicy, flavorful food. Shanghai Asian Manor more than sufficed. For appetizer we got the wontons in Szechuan style. Immersed in a chili oil, the pork wontons had a very delicate balance of flavors. The entree of chicken pan-friend noodles were absolutely delicious too - a burst of flavors in the mouth. However, our third dish was a problem. We specifically asked the server for a recommendation of a seafood entree that was spicy, and not at all sweet. And of course, we were served shrimp in an extremely sweet sauce that we couldn't have more than a bite of. When we conveyed our disappointment the manager, he very readily agreed to change our dish. However, he let us in on a little secret... Even this place that claims to have authentic food, has molded itself to suit the American palate. Therefore, he told us most of the sauces will have a certain tinge of sweetness. Nonetheless, we were happy with the replacement he suggested (don't remember the name)! The jumbo shrimp were gigantic and the sauce was quite tasty as well. To sum up - some excellent food and good service. Would definitely go back!
This place was really good! The soup dumplings are some of the better ones I've had. We also had a crispy "yellow fish" (is that a variety or just a description?) in a (sweet) chili sauce, which was crunchy and delectable. Huge menu, so we'll have to go back again soon to continue sampling off it.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! I come here any time I'm craving soup dumplings, which is often. My friend introduced me to this place as a substitute to Joe's Shanghai, given how expensive and crowded they tend to be. She also said that their soup dumplings were much better in comparison. Oh boy, was she right! This place is great!My friends and I always get the crab meat soup dumplings to start with, as well as other assorted dishes- jellyfish, red bean pancake, scallion pancakes... etc. As for the main dishes, I definitely recommend the aromatic beef noodle soup. You can never go wrong with it. The staff is friendly and they speak English very well. The wait for our food is never long, even when the restaurant is crowded. Although it's quite a walk from Canal and Grand Street, it's worth it. I definitely recommend this place if you're in Chinatown looking for a good bite. Go with the soup dumplings!
Many various choices on the menu for a Shanghainese restaurant. The food does not taste that greasy, I'll go back for the Soup Dumplings.
Shanghainese food in NYC seldom impress me, especially xiao long baos. I guess that's what I get for being half-Shanghainese and practically growing up on XLBs and other Shanghainese fare.I finally came here with the bf for an early weekday dinner while in Chinatown, after wanting to try it for some while. My first impression of the restaurant was that it was very clean and almost modern for Chinatown standards. The friendly (and pretty) hostess generously allowed us to sit in any of the comfy booths of our choice. The rest of the waitstaff here were also very friendly, as they constantly refilled our teacups throughout our meal.We ordered the pork xiao long bao, vegetarian duck cold appetizer, and sauteed jumbo shrimp with ginger and scallion. The XLBs came 8 to an order, all very juicy and plump. I was very glad to see that the wrappers were relatively thin yet very well-made and sturdy, as I often find that other restaurants either make them too thick (Joe's Shanghai) or just tough and almost brittle. These babies were filled with plenty of soup, and never once did any of them rip before we bit into them. Another great thing about the XLBs here is that the pork filling is not too oily or cloying at all. In fact, the filling were of pure porkiness without any extra fat or filler. The vegetarian duck appetizer was made with bean curd wrapped around marinated shitake mushrooms, basted in a sweet soy sauce. The bf and I both enjoyed this dish, and he was pleasantly surprised by the meatiness of the bean curd and sauce as it was his first time ever trying such a dish. The shrimp dish was actually the least successful of the three. While it had a few nicely cooked jumbo shrimp, the dish had so much soy sauce and corn starch that I wasn't able to appreciate the ginger and scallion-ness I was hoping for. For about $15, there was also a lot more chopped large scallions than there were shrimp.Overall, I think Shanghai Asian Manor really shines in their XLBs and other "dim sum" dishes. I would definitely come back here again to try some more of their other steamed dumplings.
Good Shanghainese spot with a wide array of dishes. It's not one of those places that humbly blows minds with the far-flung tasty regional stuff. That said, I get the impression that if you order right you can make out like a (persnickety Chinese) bandit. Smoked duck is great, sesame noodles also very good. You should probably be smart like I wasn't and ask the waitress what the specialties and such are. Lots of Shanghainese places in Chinatown, someone should do a roundup.
Great for delivery.Dinner (for 2): Scallion Pancakes; Shredded Pork With Pickled Cabbage; Snow Pea Leaves.
Based on the Yelp reviews, we came for the soup dumplings. We had the pork & crab meat. Looooved them! The meat was really good, but the broth inside wow...will come back again just for them.  We also ordered the shanghai chile soup & spicy eggplant (no meat).  Again, wonderful flavors.  It was just the two of us so we had a bit too much food, but worth every bite.  And, the service was excellent -- absolutely no rush!
Their friendly staff is the main reason we go there.  Food is one of the better ones in Chinatown.
my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC hands down...great Shanghaiese food with an emphasis on steamed dumplings.  Try the snow pea leaves dumplings and the shimp dumplings.  Also the snow pea leaves and bamboo is one of the best Chinese veg dishes I've ever had.  We always try a few of the different kinds of dumplings for appetizers and then mix up several dishes for the entrees.  I've had amazing fat noodles with pork meat sauce, great shrimp with passion fruit sauce are faves.  I always try something new everytime I go here.  Prices are very reasonable, ingredients are super fresh and the place is very clean which is more than I can say for most spots in the neghborhood.  Servide is amicable and they are always helpful explaining a dish if it is unfamilar and they will tell you if you have enough or too much when sharing several dishes.
I decided to try this place based on the good reviews of the soup dumplings and one of my favorites, fish head casserole.  To my disappointment, one word described the taste of everything..SWEET.  Even dishes like the fish head casserole which is suppose to be salty was ridiculously sweet.  When we told the manager, he kindly brought it back to the kitchen to be remade...lets just say it came back looking water downed and still sweet.  The soup dumplings were sweet as well, the only dishes i found decent was the scallion pancake and their pork chop noodle soup, but we did wait 45 minutes for the noodle soup.  Overall, I won't go back, I much rather wait on line for Joe's!!
The dining experience was bordering spiritual.  The food is amazingly good, that much is an understatement.  To have the palate teased and tamed and aroused and seduced was indescribable.  There are literally no words as I relive the dinner moments in my mind.  Had I died during the meal, I would have died a happy man.
Been here for several times with different friends and they all said this place has good food. And friends will bring their friends to this place too. And I won't get tired of this places anytime soon. as a matter of fact, I'm already thinking when to go eat my dumplings again.
Great place for the money. Specializes in dumplings. Pork crab soup dimpling was the best I've had as the skin is thin and doesn't absorb the soup. Wine chicken, pork leek dumpling and beef stew are also good. Will be going bad many times.
I came here for lunch with some colleagues- one Asian-American, one Hunanese from China, one Indian from Bengal, and one German. And they all liked it (ok you never know, maybe they're just being polite, but they really did wolf down most of the food). We ordered two rounds of xiao long bao, the drunken chicken, two rounds of the 'wonton Szechuan style', Lion heads, and one of the cabbage dishes (whichever looks yellow) and maybe one more dish I don't remember. The XLB and the Wontons were a big hit, going down in no time at all. The drunken chicken was only okay, I thought, and the cabbage was a bit monotonous, but then vegetables often are. Lion heads adequate. Ambience was adequate, service satisfactory (contextually speaking). I need to come back here and try more dishes to see if they might get a fourth star (they are on watch for an upgrade)
Great place for lunch. It must be under new management. The steamed dumplings w/ crab meat and pork are delicious. They were stingy with the drunk chicken, which means I thoroughly enjoyed it! And the sezchuan dumplings were interesting. The place is worth a try!
I have ate about 90% of the menu and generally everything is good. If you like pork buns, dumpling, scallion pancake and ECt. Generally everything is above average and you can not  go wrong. Price is a little more where u can find else where but would be difficult to find the same quality.
Quick service. Kung kao was made to perfection!! Shanghai fried rice wasn't as impressive, it was a little bland. (Hot sauce made it better.)
Despite the corny dumpling hanging outside the restaurant  this place has legit Chinese food.  Unfortunately I didn't try the soup dumplings but we tried basically everything else.  The hot oil wontons, though, was not exactly what I expected because it was on the sweet side not spicy.  The kai fu (spelling?) was also really good and tasty.  My favorite was Sheng Jian Bao! It was cooked and made tastefully! Bah! I'll be back for more!
What a find! The best place for Soup Dumplings and Shanghai fare in NY. MUCH better taste of food and cleaner nicer ambiance then Joy Shanghai. Everything we had was flavorful in good portion sizes and just delightful to eat. Service was a bit slow and weird in the beginning but much better toward the end of the meal.We will be back every chance we get.
We've been waiting to find a restaurant with soup dumplings that would top Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown.  And today we found it at Shanghai Asia Manor!  The prices are higher than the others by about $.50 but it's definitely worth it ($7.45).  The soup dumpling is simply delicious.  The flavor is just right.  And even more than that, the other food offered on the menu is also very good.  We had Beef w/ bean curd over rice ($5.50) and Double sauteed pork over rice ($6.00).  The came with plenty of rice and is not as greasy as your normal Chinese food.  On top of this, the service was excellent, something rather rare in Chinatown!  Their menu design is also nice - the food photos look elegant and appetizing.  It's nice to see this restaurant successful; its predecessors didn't fare so well (Vietnamese & other Chinese).  We're fans and will be returning to this restaurant often!
Delish sushi is fresh great staff!!!
Excellent food! The pork soup dumplings are wonderful. And so were the scallion pancakes. We ordered some other sort of dumplings too, but I don't recollect the name. They were excellent too. Definitely a must visit if in Chinatown. On a side note, the waiter seemed unhappy with a 20% tip, which is weird.
I stumbled upon this place when looking for a lunch place in chinatown, and the food was amazing. Since I didn't do any research before I walked it, it was hit or miss situation and I just went with what items were available on the menu. Turns out that I struck gold this time with this restaurant.I strongly recommend the soup dumplings! I saw that every table had an order of this, so I just followed the crowd and ordered it. It was set at a decent price for the quality and taste. I think it's definitely up there on my list of favorite soup dumplings. My entree was the beef stew noodle soup, and though it was not bad...I definitely prefer the dumplings more. If I ever get a chance to revisit NYC again the future, I'd definitely stop by this place again for soup dumplings.
Yep, twice in one week! Came here with my friend so she could give the soup dumplings a try. Yum once again! She said except for the fact that the ones at she loves in Flushing have slightly more soup, they come a close second. You do have to eat them fast though so the skins dont get too hard. We also ordered the watercress and shrimp dumplings and those were delicious as well! So good! Definitely a must try. Finally, we had the shanghai lo mein with pork and that was great. The noodles were thick like udon and were very chewy and tasty. Everything I have had here is great and I would definitely come back again!
With promised 40min, we waited ONE AND A HALF Hours and then they say there is still 30 min to deliver. And we never get our food in the end. When I called again they just hang off the phone. I have never ever been treated by this rude service. If they are so busy they could just call and cancel the deal instead let us waited for a whole night. It could ruin your night. We are so upset! Will never recommend to go to this place!!
a little more pricier than surrounding dim sum places, but their food definitely has higher quality. just somehow taste healthier and ...better. you know sometimes the presentation can tell you how much the chef cares about the food. the soup dumplings - xiao long bao - taste pretty authentic; love the shrimp dumplings; try the snow pea sprouts dumpling, won't disappoint you.  it's definitely a bonus that they are not so crowded like Jin Feng. the downside is their dim sum  menu is very limited, however, shanghai asian manor is not a cantonese res. anyway.
Food 4Ambiance 3Service 4How does this compare to shanghai cafe, one of the other shanghainese heavyweights?This place is: 1) cleaner, 2) less crowded, 3) more spacious, 4) service is less rushed and frenetic, and 5) food tastes fresher.On point 5, you can taste the freshness in ingredients used...esp the salt and pepper squid.  With that said, i do think the flavors of shanghai cafe are a bit better for most of the dishes i tend to order...not a whole lot better but somewhat.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!I am an Asian living in California. I made a trip to NY and had lunch here.The female server was rude and provided terrible service.First, The server wore a straight face from the beginning.  And there was a number before each menu item. I thought giving number would help to order instead of saying it incorrectly and said the menu number. Then the server sniffed at me and said that most people say the name of the item with irritated voice. During the whole dining she didn't come and check on me. I asked for more water, she didn't  come back and I had to call her again.  I think she wouldn't have treated me like that if I were a white person.She seemed kind to white people.  I really regretted choosing there to eat.  Don't dine there if you are non-chinese Asian in Chinatown, NY.
Four star review, I mean it's a typical shanghai food place, you already know what to eat.  I recommend the soup based dumpling (xiao long bao), both favors crab & beef. Also, you have try the Peking duck too. I came here on my bday to celebrate.
this place is totally a lame excuse for shanghainese food.  i feel like there's been an influx of "shanghainese restaurants" in chinatown and in most cases, these places are a joke and crappy excuse for shanghainese food.let me let everyone on a clue to whether or not you're stepping into to real REAL shanghainese restaurant, they put VINEGAR yes you read correctly vinegar on the tables.  shanghainese people prefer to use vinegar as their dipping sauces of choice; therefore, they leave them out on the tables.  so if you step into a supposed shanghainese restaurant and you don't see vinegar on the tables or worse you only see soy sauce, this is NOT a shanghainese restaurant.now onto the food for this place.  aside from the xiao long baos, which were ok, but Nice Green Bo and Shanghai Cafe does them better, the other food was completely lame, bland, and of horrible quality.  we got noodle soup and the broth was a horrible watery mix of oily dullness and the noodles were all broken up.  i don't even know how noodles can be like this unless someone physically broke them up into pieces, which makes no sense!  we had some other unmemorable dish and it was eh too and i can't really remember what it was since it was so unmemorable.  do yourself a favor, if you want real good shanghainese food please skip this and go to Shanghai Cafe or Nice Green Bo.
Great food. Great service. Soup dumplings were delicious.
I had an amazing experience here, the food was well seasoned and cooked and thwaiters were sooo nice. Particular highlights were their soup dumplings which had rich broth and Szechuan wontons which had an amazing sauce and  the red bean pancakes which were crispy and sweet. Will I be coming back? Let's just say I've found my new Chinatown spot!
The xiao long bao(soup dumpling) are amazing!The boyfriend(who has lived in Shanghai for the past three years)likes to bring me here.It's nice and clean and service is prompt, not much more you can ask for.
Great dumplings!!! I didnt like crispy yellow fish so much.
I used to come to a dim sum restaurant at this location before this one, one where they came around with carts, family seating, calling out shrimp, chicken, etc..  This new restaurant had very good pork soup dumplings, without the wait at Joe's Shanghai (and I might add, a service charge - did anyone notice that? And at Joe's, the last time I went, half the soup dumplings broke...)  I enjoyed the soup dumplings here, the scallion cakes and the shrimp dumplings, probably too much for one person.  I have loved dim sum since brought to Silver Palace in the 70's.  Shanghai Asian Manor refilled my tea without missing a beat, seated me in a booth and were very pleasant and welcoming.  Perhaps the food might have been slightly blander than other places, there was a dipping sauce for each dish. This was my first visit, but I would return.
pretty damn good.  pretty effin damn good.  my boss (soon to be ex-boss, i got a new job congratulate me) took me here as a going away/thank you lunch.  i'm pretty damn great at my job.  i was still craving soup dumplings even tho i just had some last nite.  and i like trying new things.the decor is pretty pleasant, not your typical dirty chinatown food establishment.  its relatively new and looks very modern.  i don't think a lot of people know of this place yet so its not as busy as neighboring joe's shanghai which is famous for soup dumplings.  the service was quick and friendly, my water and tea were filled instantly as soon as i run out.shanghai asian manor's soup dumplings are pretty damn good too.  i would almost say its better than Joes Shanghai.  we ordered other dumplings and shanghai style lo-mein as well.  everything was tasty and enjoyable but their prize dish is definitely their soup dumplings.  soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings.  how many more times do i have to say it.  get the crab sauced ones, highly recommended.so as a comparison vs. joe's shanghai: - much better decor - a lot cleaner - friendlier service - slightly better soup dumplings - not as crowdedmy boss did not want me to write this review in fear of other people finding out about her favorite uncrowded restaurant...so EVERYONE COME CHECK THIS HIDDEN TREASURE OUT.
3.5 stars. Stumbled across this place while strolling through Chinatown. Was planning on hitting Joe Shanghais but it was packed and seemed very touristy. So I opted for this place after searching on yelp.  Overall pretty solid.  It's all relative.  I'd give it 4 stars if in SF and 3 stars if in LA.
Ok so I  didn't try the whole menu---- but I did have the tiny steamed pork buns, and steamed pork dumplings... Super Yummy delicious.. This place had an inspection grade  A, which apparently is hard to come by in China Town. The restaurant and BR were both very clean....--- Ok so back to the food Try the Thai Iced tea, and Tiny steamed buns and you will walk out of there very happy... I will definitely be back..
The line for Joe's was too long, so we came here instead. We ordered 5 dishes, 3 of which are pretty authentic (props for the xiao long baozi). Two of them: Shengjian mantou and sweet & sour pork are very Americanized and wasn't up to what I was expecting. All in all we left with full stomachs - I'd probably give 3.5 stars.
Pork soup dumplings are really good.  Also got the $5 rice dishes on the back, pork chop with rice was great - a fried chop with bok choy and rice (couldn't eat it all, took some home).  On another occasion I got the Spicy Stewed beef with rice (back of menu, around $5), it tastes great IF you get any meat at all, many tendons and not a lot of meat.  Tonight, I got a new dish that I couldn't find on the menu...Braised Duck.  It was great, came with onions, mushrooms and scallions.  No rice, which was odd.  Also got the pork soup dumplings - so good!  Great meal to warm up after a COLD, COLD NYC day!
5 stars for the crab and pork soup dumplings. Never going back to Joe Shanghai.
Been there twice now. First with family, 2nd time with a friend, and both times the food was great. However, the service not so great. The first time with my family was on the weekend and it was busy. The hostess was disorganized and the service was HORRIBLE. Had to ask for everything twice and I asked just about every server just to get another cup of tea. The second time was tons better. It was in the evening, no line, not packed. The server even came by our table to ask if we needed anything without me trying to do the pageant wave to get his attention. Overall I would recommend the spot but beware of spotty service.
Not bad soup dumplings but Joe's are significantly better - there is no "wow" factor here. That said, I'm not sure if Shanghai is trying to be a soup dumpling destination, and they don't need to be. This is a nice place with good good and  great service - I wouldn't hesitate to go back
I always love to go to this place for Shanghai Food.  Especially like their Steam Tiny Buns with pork and Shanghai Lo Mean with Shredded pork and shrimp... so yummy.  My husband and I like Shanghai food and we've tried amoung the Chinatown area.  There are a numberous of shanghai restaurants this is the BEST that we've ever tried.  OH, people are nice too!  This is important for a business. ;)Highly Recommended!!
Quite good soup dumplings. I like how the dough of the dumplings are thin and chewy, has an eggy and aromatic flavor. Their pan fried noodles are crispy but thick and bouncy at the same time. Authentic and delicious. One of the best shanghai places I've tried.
pork xiao long bao- better than most. they have a pretty thin wrapper and they've never shown up broken on arrival. scallion pancakes are very awesome and very necessary. the lo mein is ok, it's very simple.... and that's where i stop ordering food here. big con: the duck was really shitty! stay the fuck away yo! unless you like that shitty duck?big pro: service here is pretty good, which i would say is a pretty big fuckin deal when you're eating in chinatown. no one's trying to hurry you, and they'll come refill your tea without asking half the time. for four people the TOTAL BILL usually comes out under 30 including tip. say what you will about "this not being cheap", but you look like a total chode complaining about what.. 7 dollars a head? go to mcdonalds! this is 2013. shit ain't gonna be cheap forever.
Great soup dumplings. I liked them better than Joe's. Scallion pancakes were excellent. Sichuan dumplings (wontons) were good but not spicy enough. the other dishes we had were pretty good too. Service was just fine...didn't feel rushed...tea and water were refilled when needed...waitstaff was pleasant. Prices are quite reasonable @ $15 a head.
a more nicer environment compared with other shanghai restaurants; good to relax and taste some authentic food.
my go to shanghainese restaurant when i crave soup dumplings.service is always very fast, sometimes on weekends there is a small wait but they are pretty good abotu estimating the time.We usually get the soup dumplings, kung pao chicken, ma po tofu, or the meatballs dish. Soup dumplings -- always very soupy, no scallions or ginger or anythign wierd mixed in -- just pork. yum!They also have a very good szechuan dumpling -- spicy sauce and bean? paste. This one DOES have scallions -- but very tasty. Not TOO spicy.They always give hot tea. As well as ice water if you ask.
Regarding Nat B.'s comments in his review: the braised noodle that one finds at a Shanghainese restaurant is supposed to be bland, and is cooked in a special way, different from other soup noodles. This is Shanghainese comfort food, and Nat B. guessed it correctly - it is a popular dish to have when you are sick with the flu, especially during winter time.
Pork soup dumplings were ok, despite the rave reviews.  Salty broth in the dumplings and wasn't crazy about the seasoning they used.  Shanghai style lo mein noodles (with pork) were thicker noodles than Joe's Shanghai's and oddly chewy.  Also they were so cheap with the meat in this dish.  I had about five shavings of pork in there mixed with some mushrooms.
Really good Shanghai-nese style food. Their XLB is amazing!!!
Came here to celebrate the return of a friend. For a chinese restaurant it is nicer than most places in chinatown, at least visually . We ordered the scallion pancakes, pork dumplings and a beef dish for the muslim. Staff was pretty attentive and the dumplings weren't that bad. but it's just another chinese restaurant, the only reason I would come back is if I was with a really big group as this place doesn't seam that busy when we went so we wouldn't have to wait for other people to leave and for them to push tables together.
For a short time recently, this was the go to Shanghai place in Manhattan for my wife and I. We had gone several times and had pretty good experiences with the food. So I give it two stars to be fair, because we did like it at some point. We had not been there a couple months and then went back two nights ago. We got the lion's head (braised pork meatballs), an eel dish and the fried pork dumplings. First, the lion's head, which we tried here before, had a really bland, oily sauce this time. It was very thick - like one of those thick brown generic gravies. I have had this dish served many different ways, but never with such a flavorless sauce. So that was disappointing since usually I'd expect it to be something safe to order. Then the eel. First, it was $18. However, the menu price was wrong, and the waitress told us that it was actually $2 more and that the vegetables in the dish cost another $3. So it was really $23. My wife really wanted to try it so we said fine. First issue was that there was way, way, way too much oil poured on the dish. It just didn't make any sense. We got an extra bowl and scooped half a bowl full of oil out with a spoon! I understand that this dish is supposed to be served with some oil on it, but not half a bottle! As we started to eat it, it kept oozing out. And it seemed like the bowl always had a pool of yellow, at least a quarter inch deep (not exaggerating) at the bottom! But that's not the worst part, as if the flavor is still good after removing the excess oil, I would be happy. A few bites were okay. The eel did not really have that much flavor. It was obviously frozen eel. I guess it is hard to blame them as it is likely not easy to get too fresh (and expensive). The portion was also quite large. Then I had a piece of eel that very obviously came from the wrong batch of frozen eel. It was definitely up there as one of the most disgusting bad fish tastes I've had to date. I thought - bad slice, try another. Still bad. My wife had a couple too. $23 dish, and we left most of it on the table. Of the two pieces of eel they used in the dish, one was most certainly spoiled. Our mistake was probably ordering something that no one ever orders, and thus the kitchen isn't quite sure how to make. Previously, we had good experience with the Shanghai fried noodle, fried rice cake, siu long bao, fried pork buns, etc. One time we got the fried fish in chili sauce, but the fish flavor wasn't fresh enough for us and the chili sauce was too sweet, so that wasn't exactly a great one.
I'm no expert on Chinatown restaurants.  But of all the ones I've been to, this has been the best.  Quick, friendly service.  Clean, neat and decorated with fun giant food posters on the walls.  Comprehensive menu and accurate descriptions.  Great food.  We especially liked the sesame shrimp and the green dumplings (forgot their official name).  I'd definitely recommend it.
Solid soup dumplings. Solid service. And no wait on a Friday night for a party of 2!
Uneven. Excellent hot and sour soup and soup dumplings.  Some of the other dishes were not very good.
By far my favorite place to eat in Chinatown! The soup dumplings they have are the favorite. If youre ever in Chinatown and wanna grab a bite to eat I would definitely recommend this place. All the food I had there was delicious, the staff is nice, and on top of that it is fairly inexpensive compared to most other places in NY. Aside from the soup dumplings I would suggest getting the fried rice or any of the noodle dishes, they are all great!!!
Very yummy steamed dumplings with very thin skin. Favorites include steamed watercress & shrimp and steamed snow pea leaves dumplings.  The fried dumplings aren't anything special as the skin is thick.  The place is clean and the service is fast (as expected).  Even the delivery is fast.
the best Shanghai soup dumpling in Chinatown! decent waiter service and clean bathroom.
We've tried this new Shanghai restaurant a few times, and the experiences have been pleasant. They have 2 locations in the area, the other one is on Elizabeth st, which is a lot smaller and the food tastes different as well (I like the Mott St location better)This is probably one of the more modernly decorated restaurant in the area, and it definitely provided a better dining experience. And the service so far has been very friendly and even if there is a wait, it generally has not been overly long.Now on to the food. The steamed tiny buns were good, I think the regular pork ones are better the the crab. The dumplings have a good ratio of soup, filling and the thickness of the skin (not overly thin), so the taste comes together. The cold wine chicken is very good. It might be the best one around. You can definitely taste the wine (it tastes like a decent wine as well), and it is sliced thinly so its not overpowering. The yellow fish with preserved cabbage soup was good. A lot of places serve this on the oily and salty side, but its lighter here. We have also tried the braised pork belly and the sauteed fresh water yellow eel. They were both good, but a tad on the sweet side. And one thing we noticed was the presentation of the food. All the dishes we have tried, they were all nicely plated, which makes this place a notch above some of the Shanghai restaurants around.There are still some other traditional Shanghai dishes we haven't tried, and I think we will definitely be back to try them
Went there a few times already.  Each time the food got a little less tasty than the previous time.  Not sure why.  The steamed buns are very average to me. The skin is getting to be heavier than before.  The juice from the buns is bland. I have had better ones in Chinatown.  The rice cake is ok, a bit too chewy for me.  The wait can be long if you go in on saturday nights.  The tea they serve is like water.  So bland. Doesn't even taste like tea. The seating is pretty comfortable compared to some Chinatown joints, except last time I had a drop of a noodle on my chair which was not noticed. The waiters in general are very nice.  The hostess who seemed to pay more attention to the cash register most of the time than to the guests waiting was pretty rude to us.  Maybe she had a bad day.  Or Maybe she is just the cashier. Who knows. But we won't return to this place for sure.
it was nice place to go to in New York. the service was on point. the food came out hot and delicious
My husband and I went here in 2012 around Thanksgiving time when visiting NY and we thought it was amazing, so we went back last week when we returned to NY. We were so disappointed! We had been looking forward to going for over a year and travelled over an hour from where we were staying to get there. He ordered steamed pork dumplings, hot and sour soup and tangerine beef. I ordered chicken with broccoli. My husband said the dumplings were not as good as last year and he could not eat more than a little of the tangerine beef, it was so bad. My chicken with broccoli was so bland, average and tasteless, I could not eat more than 1/3 of it and I was really hungry. The chicken was kind of rubbery. We sat there, trying to figure out what to do because I hate to send dishes back at a restaurant, finally we sent back his tangerine beef for some more average dumplings. The only thing that seemed decent was the hot and sour soup. I don't know if they got a new chef or what has happened to this place, but what a major disappointment! There are a ton of other restaurants in Chinatown, pick any one of them.
i stumbled on this location, quite by accident - although in life there is no such thing as coincidences.  Loved the northern chinese food and I chose the northern version of the wonton noodles: all pasta was freshly made adn delicious.  I also tried the wine chicken, a cold appetizer: but the meat was moist and beautifully soaked with the chinese wine.  Loved it.  Will be back to try the shanghai dumplings: they looked so juicy!
woke up and found their menu slipped under my door. Usually I hate when this happens but luckily I was hungry at the time.The delivery was fast and the food was on point. The steamed pork buns, scallion pancakes, and tofu w/ meat was yum. I will order from here again if i'm craving chinese.
Had the Shanghai Lo Mein & broccoli in garlic sauce.  Food was good, not great, but good.  What I like most is the design.  It felt too high class for the price, which is always great!
The food is really good and the price isn't that bad. The atmosphere is really nice for small and also large groups. Their pork soup dumplings are delicious! I don't get why people always go to Joe's Shanghai instead which is about a block away. The owner here is really nice too. Very welcoming.
The soupy dumpling broth was clear & tasty.  But the wrap was a bit thick.  We ordered fried salt & pepper squid (not bad), homestyle bean curd with meat (over sauced), shanghai bok choy sauteed in garlic (perfect), fried salt & pepper pork chop (okay), shanghai noodles stir-fry (not bad).  Prices are reasonable, wait staff is helpful & decor is nice.  Good place to go with a group of friends (large or small), they leave you alone to your own chatterings.
i gently caressed the buns, pouring fiery hot sauce on its supple skin. slowly i brought it to my lips and nibbled, careful not to hurt it but unable to contain carnal desire. a highly indecent moan involuntarily escaped my mouth and the lower half of my body jutted forward lewdly, much to the chagrin of my fellow patrons. that...is how my first meal at shanghai asian manor went.
The dumplings here are fresh, steaming hot, and perfect. The thin skin is perfection, not like the dough balls you find at other restaurants. Deep fried yellow fish, salty awesomeness, crisp and not greasy. Double sauteed pork has just the right cut of pork - thinly sliced with a sliver of fat , exactly the way its supposed to be. Cold wine chicken is a perfect starter, as is the hot bok choi pickled just right.
Went here with 9 people tonight. We all really enjoyed it. Great dumplings. The crispy spicy eggplant special was light and favorful. The fried tofu and bean noodle soup was a little bland but we ordered it vegetarian. The scallion pancakes were among the best I've ever had. I wish I had more room to try the cold mock duck amd the sesame noodles. All and all, a great find in the heart of Chinatown. We left full with lots of leftovers for $20 pp including tip!
My new favorite place in Chinatown.  The shanghai noodles and juicy steamed dumplings are worth the $3/hour parking meters.   Also, the place is exceptionally clean.  I have not been dissapointed yet.
We ordered delicious pork dumplings, xiao long bao, that were tender, hot, and fantastic.  The watercress covered in enoki mushrooms plate was also yummy.
not bad.  the buns are garbage, but the rest of the food is edible.
Love this place,  come with co-workers. It's great, clean and fast service. Price is amazing.
I went to this place 10 years ago when I was a little girl, and revisited this place with my family! This place makes me feel like I'm actually in China, the food gave me a bite of China. It was that beautiful ( food wise ). The environment was not that loud at all, once you bite into the food, you just kinda escape or go blank because it's that good. We ordered crab, shrimp, and pork dumpling, some eggplant dish, the shrimp vegetable lo mein was the best ever, I loved the udon style noodles. We also had general ciaos chicken, I'm pretty sure I just spelled that wrong, but the food wasn't. Last but not least, we ordered Chajangmyun, it was like Mapo doufu the sauce was really light and confused my taste buds. Everything was cooked well and served nice and hot. I forgot which little dumpling it is, but one of those dumplings I mentioned is a little one that has little bit of soup in it. I don't know how they get the soup and meat in it all together but they did it. I really wish I could've bought the whole menu, oh well, next time!
Very good casual Chinese restaurant they only accept cash and American Express,  but the food is well worth it everything was fresh and delicious and the service was friendly& fast I would definitely visit this place again if I was in the area
There are a lot of decent places to eat in Chinatown. You can eat in a different place every day and that's exactly what we did for 3 straight nights.  Shanghai Asia Minor was our favorite. The combination of food, service, seating and wait time was the best in that Mott street neighborhood. Local residents backed up our point of view. We had Chicken corn soup, shrimp dumplings, beef lo mein, and shrimp/chicken with hoisin sauce. All were excellent, the price was very reasonable and the experience was great.
Shanghai Asian Manor exists within the shell that used to hold one of my old favorite dim sum places back in the 80s and 90s. Now, it's full of hustling tourists looking for soup dumplings, giant photos of its food, and bright lights. But, enough sentiment. The food was good - not as great as we hoped. We had the pork and crab dumplings, the spicy dumplings and even went for the truffle dumplings. The pork and crab were, by far, the better of the three. We also ordered the watercress with enoki which came pretty thick (full of cornstarch) and on the sweeter side (we fixed it with the tableside chili sauce), the fried squid (which was very thick and extra chewy), and the porkchop noodles (which we didn't even go half way with).The service seemed like it should have been fast but was actually pretty spotty. Cordial but not efficient. Everyone seems to be in such a rush to do something but no one wants to give us menus or give us our check.
Since this restaurant is a few steps away from the famous Wo Hop, we thought why  not hop on this one and check it out. Of course Hubby didn't want to switch at first because our plan was to get the snails at WH. But I did a pretty good job convincing him that I need change. We came here on a rainy night. Gosh, there were people everywhere. Good, at least we are not alone in this world and everybody loves food! So we checked the menu. It's a bit different than the classic Chinese style cooking. The food here is sweeter. They have friendly and smiley staff here. They don't have snails, so we had a whole fish dish, wonton soup, and Pan fried crispy noodle with seafood. The fish was a fried yellow fish and served with sweet sauce. This was quite good but I want to try their steamed fish if they make some. Wonton soup was delicious. The noodle was made perfectly too. When it comes to hot sauce or hot oil on the side, I need to stress that it wasn't as fresh. It seems it's not being preserved well because the taste turned sour and had a distinctive smell. If you can avoid, then avoid and don't worry about adding hot and spicy to your food. Everything else is good. Very good staff, young and happy! Just like us, young (lol) and happy!
I was craving for soup dumplings so it was either this place or my usual spot, Joe's Shanghi. I decided to check this place out since I love venturing out. Sadly, I am NOT a fan of this place what-so-ever.This place did NOT hit up the spot what-so-ever. On the bright side, the soup dumplings (6 pieces) came out pretty quick. The skin is super delicate, but a little too delicate for my liking. Overall ok, nothing to rave about. Spicy wonton: not too spicy. Honestly I felt like it was more on the sweeter side than the spicy side. Mock duck: cold dish. I probably enjoyed this dish the most. Super simple dish paired perfectly with the hot oil available at the table.  Tan Tan noodle (one of their specials): one word. BLAND. Sorry but not sorry. This place isn't up my alley.
I am a life long New Yorker. I know Chinese food and I have traveled extensively in Asia.1. Fast delivery to Battery Park city - less than delivery timeframe which was 1 hr - got here in 30 mins but it's 4 pm Sunday not 8 pm Thursday. The people on seamless complaining about delivery time are not real NYers. 2. The delivery man was very nice but we didn't hang out.3. Food was hot/warm 4. Food was excellent 1) pork and chive steamed dumplings 2) watercress shrimp dumplings 3) fried pork dumplings 4) shrimp dumplings 5) spicy dumplings  Seamless reviews downtown are useless because it's all winey 20-something transplants who don't know the difference between good ethic food and the golden panda at the mall back home in Wisconsin
Solid place for dimsum--we came at around ~1130am with a group of 4, and had to wait about 10-15 minutes to be seated. Service was prompt though, pouring us tea and water as we sat down. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, shizi tou (large meatballs), shanghai mien (pan-fried Shanghai noodles), and green bean leaves. All of it came quite quickly and was well made. I found the soup dumplings to be very juicy and flavorful. The Shanghai noodles were on the greasier side of Shanghai noodles I've had before, but not ovewhelming and still tasty. The shizi tou were also slightly salty.Overall, a good experience though!
This is the type of restaurant that every city should have one.  Dishes are outstanding, services are prompt and prices are great; every thing is just where it needs to be.Each dish may not score a ten but they're all at least an eight or a nine.  Some dish, like meatball with vegetable is a clear ten.It's a restaurant I'd go back to time after time.
Good place to get a sit down meal but really pricey compared to other places in Chinatown. It's definitely more worth it to come for lunch on a weekday (prices are almost halved). My family had lunch here around 12 and it was literally just us. Which made us wonder if there was some rumor about this place that we weren't aware hence lack of customers. Sesame chicken- $16 for a smallplate and some brocoli? It tasted better in the past to be honest. There wasn't anything outstanding about it...a bit on the salty sidePan fried noodles with pork- the noodles were so crispy they were dry! Which is how its supposed to be. Didnt care too much for the pork; too chewy and fat to my liking.Pork soup dumplings- now THIS dish was definitely the star of our meal. Perfect meat to skin to soup ratio. I would come here just for this dish.Scallion pancake- another rip off. Thin and crispy which I like but the price was $$ for only 1 pancake. Black pepper and salt fried squid- where was the pepper? It was just fried with no seasoning to it. The squid was tender and chewy but it had no taste...
ordered wonton in chili oil n soy sauce, beef noodle soup. about $15.wonton in chili oil n soy sauce, as expected good with this price. the sauce is right to the point, not too salty, not oily, not over spicy.beef was delicious, rich sauce in depth.1 star deducted from the noodle. overly cooked, not the right type of Shanghai's noodle.1 star deducted from the worm that comes w my beef noodle soup. (look at the pictures)**this visit was in Aug
My last experience with this place really makes me not want to venture out here anymore. They literally had us wait an hour when they told us 30min. In the end, we were on the last few people waiting to be seated. Meanwhile, there were at least 4 tables that were clearly done and they didn't even mention anything to them. There's nothing wrong with dropping off a bill and just saying "Please pay whenever you are ready." It's Chinatown, the tables are tourists, and there are other patrons waiting while they are preparing to close. We finally get seated and at that point, we were so annoyed that we barely even wanted anymore. But it was already late and we couldn't go anywhere else now. With the last 3 groups remaining, they told us we had to order at the register because the kitchen was closing! Unbelievable! We've been waiting an hour and now you're telling order right there with menus in hands for 30 seconds? That's not our fault. We order hastily, get seated and the waiter hands us menus. Are you serious? We said they made us order at the front and so he took the menus back. After the drinks came out, we were asked if there's anything else we wanted because the kitchen was closing. What!? Why were were forced to order at the front then, when in those 10 minutes between sitting down and getting the drinks we could've gotten a better chance to look over the menu. No apologies, no comps, nothing. I love the food here, but the way we were treated was just plain BS.
I've been here twice and both times I have left feeling full and happy. The food here is so satisfying and hits the spot with everything. The must eat here is the XLB (crab/pork and pork mini steamed buns - soup dumplings). OMG SO GOOD. Each order comes with 6 and between the two of us, we ordered one crab/pork and pork XLB!! The soup has the perfect amount of flavor, not greasy, and piping hot! You can also order a pack to take home and you can steam them yourself too!! The first time I came here, we weren't sure exactly what to order so we pointed to the huge pictures on the wall, in the menu, and other table's dishes and everything came out so fresh and tasty. Come here. Now!!! You will not regret it!  If I lived in the city, I would probably come here once a week.
It's good but cash and Amex only (seriously why???)!! We've gone less Bc all of Europe and other restaurants don't accept Amex so we cancelled the card. We don't always carry cash for safety.
Nah...soup dumplings bland and so so texture and taste. I still like Joe's better. Couldn't leave this review because it was toooo short soooo hoping this beautiful sentence is enough to post a review...there!
I had the pork soup dumplings, the spicy wontons, and scallion pancakes.  I was disappointed with the soup dumplings.  The skin quickly became hard and the soup was barely there.  However, their service is pretty good.
Shanghai Asian Manor was a great experience overall. On a Sunday night around 7:30 PM, the wait was about 40 minutes, which we expected since the restaurant is popular and the facility is tiny and crowded. Service was confusing and not particularly friendly, with several different people stopping by our table to complete different functions, but it was also quick and relativity efficient.The least I can say about the food is that it is delicious, authentic, and very reasonably priced. The soup dumplings were great and decently sized; the soup was savory but not too heavy, and the pork was chewy and not too firm. Definitely a must try as a Shanghainese staple and a specialty of this particular restaurant. We also ordered the 红油抄手 (the closest name I can think of in English is spicy dumplings), which were perfectly sweet and spicy, and the beef noodles, which were good and flavorful.Overall, I can find nothing to complain about regarding our experience at Shanghai Asian Manor. For soup dumpling cravings, I would definitely consider coming back here again.
Came here after hearing that they had some of the best soup dumplings in Chinatown. I was not disappointed. Granted I still need to try more of the soup dumplings offered in the area but this place was great. I came here with a group of 3 and we were told we'd have a 15 minute wait but were seated within 5 minutes. I was surprised considering how busy the place was and it was prime dinner time but my friends and I were grateful we didn't have to wait long because we were hangry. Service was good, I have several allergies and our server made sure that our order did not have any of the foods I was allergic too. They also made sure to explain dishes that we were confused on and gave their recommendations on dishes which we all liked. Onto the food - the food was great. We had the pork soup dumplings, truffle spare ribs, sweet and sour chicken, and Shanghai wontons. They were all so delicious and we were satisfied by the end of our meal. We didn't have to wait long for our order either. We tried the spare ribs which was on the chef menu and the meat was literally falling off the bone. Everything was so good! I'm hungry thinking about it right now. The ambiance of the place is nice. It's a bustling place in New York Chinatown so what can you expect, however we didn't feel cramped or that the restaurant was too chaotic. Obviously it was busy and people were running around but I felt that the restaurant did authentic Chinese food justice. All in all, I really enjoyed my dinner here and hope to come back in the future and enjoy more of their food and service!
The BOMB DOT COM. Be prepared to wait a while and there's not really any waiting room inside.  I had the pork and crab soup dumplings which were everything I dreamed about.  Food was served quickly and each dumbling was filled with plenty of soup and the filling was very savory and tasty.
Great brunch spot for xialongbao and dim sum -- especially on a Sunday morning (say 11:30-ish). By 12:15 the line is out the door, especially when Mott is closed for a street fair (as it was on our visit). Friendly staff -- awesome soup buns.  The truffled ones ($12 for 6) are my favorite;  earthy and fragrant, and they don't skimp on the truffles either.   The straight pork are excellent too, but I found the crab/pork version a bit too "gamey" for me.  In all cases, the dough is perfectly paper thin, with enough tensile strength to hold in the rich pork broth long enough to suck it out boiling hot, but tender enough to melt in your mouth.  The scallion pancake is fried to the bejeezus belt -- like a potato chip -- and it is bland except for a lingering, acrid after taste -- but this was the only flaw.  Their limited selection of dim sum  had enough variety to suit us -- I especially like the shrimp offerings and the cold jelly fish.  The straight steamed pork dumplings were doughy but the filling was well seasoned and there was plenty of it. Hard to beat the pricing -- four of us ate and drank our fill for under $60 (tip included).  Whenever I'm in Chinatown and eat at SAM or Shanghai Joe's or other area Cantonese spots I wonder why I bother sourcing xialongbao anywhere else -- especially in northern NJ.  Sometimes -- convenience is the trade-off for quality and authenticity .
What! As a lover of soup dumplings I would recommend Shanghai Asian Manor a million times over. Dumplings were on point. Juicy, savory, sauce was mmm. Also shared scallion pancakes, also so good, and eggplant in garlic sauce - so good. They are cash or Amex only. They have 1 beer available, which was perfect w the pancakes. Would recommend and return here again.
First of all, the black truffle and pork soup dumplings are out of this world. I have never seen that combination before, but it's unbelievably rich and earthy, and better than the pork and crab XLB (which all explains the $12 price tag). The truffle taste isn't overwhelming, and unsurprisingly, there's not a lot in there, but a little goes a long way. If you feel like splurging on a decadent lunch, an order of these would hit the spot. We also ordered: the beef fried rice cakes, spicy shredded beef Szechuan style, crispy duck, scallion pancakes, and Shanghai bok choy. My favorite was the shredded beef - I used to think the candy-like sweetness was a little too cloying but I think I have come around now. The duck wasn't the crispiest while the scallion pancakes were too oily for my taste. Baby bok choy was a nice palate-cleanser. Coming on a Sunday? Try to come right when it opens at 11 am, because everyone else hauled themselves out of bed and is now sitting down for an early lunch. I'd come back for the noodle dishes and another order of the black truffle soup dumplings!
There are many other kinds of dishes offered which are fine but not particularly special. Muat come here for the soup dumplings!! Also known as xiao long bao. They have 3 variations: pork, crab and black truffle. My table got the pork and crab. They come with black vinigar with julliane cut ginger dipping sauce -- the most authentic way to eat these dumplings! It is worth it to come here just to have the soup dumplings which are comparable to the famous Din Tai Fung soup dumpling restaurant in Taiwan. It's a pretty clean and busy establishment. A bit crowded as they efficiently fit in as many tables as possible which makes the environment loud with so many people. Nice casual spot though.
Try the truffle soup dumpling! It's awesome ! The crab & pork ones are good as well. Fast service. No big complaints besides only being able to take AMEX. Clean & bigger restroom then most Chinatown restaurants.
I loved the food, loved the service, but there is only 1 problem: it is not authentic Shanghai food.As a Shanghainese I can tell you that, which is a little sad because I was really looking forward to it.
Their xiaolong bao are the best, I can just eat so many of them! I also had their jajyungmyung and it was good and a little saucy but still good (the sauce is made of pork if you have dietary restrictions). Their lo mein with meat and shrimp is good too but a little too oily and salty. I think there's a credit card minimum, so bring cash in case!
Solid meal! We stuck with the smaller dishes / dim sum... Szechwan wontons were really enjoyable with a nice texture and good sauce, shrimp/pea shoot dumplings were light and juicy, crab/pork soup dumplings were nice and crabby - good, but enjoyed the other dishes more. Then we added on baby bok choy for some green and crunch. Enjoyable meal, would definitely be back!
Giving 5 stars means it's perfect. 5/5 for the food. The atmosphere is the only negative, it's always crowded and the wait is ridiculous. Going at lunch time (12pm) is the best cause you can beat the crowd.
Awesome food in Chinatown. Great venue for meeting friends. My favorite steamed dumplings
So I was originally suppose to go back to Joe's shanghai for some more soup dumplings but my boyfriend and I saw how super packed it was, so I went on yelp and discovered this restaurant. Just a few stores/restaurants down from Joes. Walked in, more spacious here and you don't have to share tables with anyone. My bf and I waited only about 10 min to get seated. Service was quick and fast, servers were on top of their game. We ordered the pork soup dumplings along with the pork &shrimp dumplings. They give you 2 less than what Joe's give you, but I wasn't complaining. Soup dumplings were delicious, to die for. They tasted similar to Joe's dumplings, which is excellent. Geez I can probably eat like 20 of these dumplings ! I love you soup dumplings ! Props to those who make and cook them in the back, y'all are the bestttt! Lol.
I stayed in China Town for a few days and definitely had my eye on trying some soup dumplings.  On my way back to the hotel after walking miles, I decided to stop by and grab a bite.Food:I ordered an order of pork soup dumplings, and pork and veggies over rice.Let me focus on the soup dumplings, since that's why I visited.  They were so good!The only other time I've had soup dumplings was when I visited China, so I'm no expert.  However, the flavor was spot on and everything was just perfect.Sides NotesAmbiance:I went during an off time, but there were still a lot of people there eating.  There's plenty of seating, but I can definitely imagine this place packed during prime time dim sum hours.Service:In many Asian places like Hong Kong, you need to get your waiter/waitresses attention for service.  They will not come by and see how you are doing.Knowing that is the custom, I still think the customer service was really good!Overall:I enjoyed eating here.  I would highly recommend the soup dumplings!
My favorite, favorite place to go in chinatown. The best soup dumpling place ever. I have been there for so many times but forgot to 'check-in' on yelp. Their soup dumplings used to be 8 in one order but now there are 6. But i still go there for soup dumplings and Shanghai crispy noodles.
Ordered the spicy beef noodle soup, beef shanghai lo mein,  beef soup dumplings, and General tso chicken. My favorite is the shanghai lo mein. They use udon noodles which i loveeeee. Filled with lots of baby bok choy, which i also loveeee! And bits of beef. The lo mein is basically like a stir fried udon noodles. I always order this when I come here. The spicy noodle soup was NOT spicy AT ALL, which was a but disappointing because I was expecting a spicy rich broth. But lots of meat in it. Soup dumplings are a must appetizer (duh?!) Overall, one of my faves in chinatown
Came here with families and friends for dimsum and before that for a baby's 100 day dinner. I'm not much of a dimsum eater (or rather I seldom actually enjoy it) but I can see the appeal of this place. The big venue allows for ample seating, and there are the standard carts that circle around.I wont go out of my way to get here as Flushing also has a few options,but as far as dimsum does, this place is a pretty good choice.
Has lunch here a week ago with 4 friends from Italy. I knew it was going to be good because there was a constant line to get in. The soup dumplings were all delicious.
I am a XiaoLongBao-Soup Dumplings Connoisseur.This places makes the top of the list and is either the best or the second best I've had in the NYC Manhattan area.Skin - Good enough to hold the juice in but I prefer a little thicker.Soup - Probably the best flavoring I've ever had when it comes to XLB.Meat - Very good piece of meat in the middle. Above par, possibly the best.One advice I have to offer is to switch from using the sharp tongs to using a non pointed one. I've seen circles or leaf shaped ones that reduces the chances of breaking the XLB when you grab it.Overall it's met my expectations. With all the hype and raves it's received.P.S. to my readers, expect a wait time, especially earlier in the day.
My go-to spot whenever I walk to chinatown to get lunch with coworkers. The truffle soup dumplings here are insanely good and we get it everytime! The Wuxi ribs Are also incredible as well
I've only ordered delivery so I don't know how the dining service is.The food is decent, no complaints. However, today I found a strand of hair inside one of the food containers. I'm pretty sure I did not order it.
It's good!We got dim sum as appetizers and really enjoyed the pancakes and dumplings. I got the spicy schezuan dumplings which were perfect! A friend got the crab dumplings which were a bit odd to me--none of us really enjoyed them. The hot and sour soup was pretty solid, especially when you added the sauce. We also got a few entrees, and those were more meh. I got spicy pork belly--the flavor was good, but the dish was strangled by bean sprouts. I think dim sum is the way to go here. As others have noted, cash or Amex only.
There was no wait to be seated. Service was fast! Best pork soup dumplings aka (pork Xiao Long Bao) ever! We also ordered the black truffle soup dumplings (their special for the day?) which were not as flavorful and more expensive than the pork ones. I also enjoyed the Szechuan wonton! I will be back the next time I'm in town!
I didn't completely love SAM.  It was on a very busy Saturday afternoon and it was cold standing in the little doorway waiting (but only about 15-20 minutes) for a table.  I'd read lots of very positive reviews on Yelp and TripAdvisor.A couple of guys waiting with us said you gotta get the soup dumpling and the steamed tiny pork buns, which are apparently the same thing?   All I know is I didn't see the words "soup dumpling" on the menu, and our server told us that the tiny pork puns are the soup dumplings.  So we also ordered fried pork dumplings.  And our third dish was the Shanghai style pan-fried noodles.I liked the fried pork dumplings, the flavor was really good, but the skin/wrapping was a little on the thick side.  Lots of room between the meat and the dough.  The soup dumplings didn't knock my socks off either.  They were good, not great.  And the pan-fried noodles were not great, I probably just got in a hurry and in a panic to order quickly because we were so hungry, because in retrospect maybe we should've gone with a lo mein (don't know if they have Chow Fun).  Or maybe the egg fried rice.  I mean, the noodles were nice and crispy on the outside, and the Chinese broccoli was very flavorful, and the sauce was pretty good but just not a ton of flavor.I did like the vinegar sauce for the dumplings, and the service was very good up until when we wanted the check and had to flag down our server.  It probably didn't help our attitudes to be a bit on the cold side (near the door) and sitting next to a family that had been there when we arrived a good 30 minutes based on what was on their table, and is probably still hasn't left the restaurant as I write this the next day, who a screaming baby that they refused to acknowledged was making everyone miserable.With soooo many options, I just won't be back.  I might try Hop Lee or Wo Hop.
-- Good service. I'd read some reviews that mentioned brusque service and feeling rushed, but my server was great.-- I like that we get our own tables, unlike many other dim sum restaurants that do communal seating. The place is comfortable and clean.-- The food to me wasn't so great.  Better Chinese is to be had outside of Chinatown, but one of the members in my party really wanted to eat in Chinatown. He hadn't visited the neighborhood in years and it was high on his priority list. So we did some yelping, and this place looked good, appealing to my passionate love for soup dumplings. We got the pork ones (good) and pork & crab ones (gag; tasted like canned tuna fish). I've had much better soup dumplings elsewhere, including at the touristy Joe's Shanghai. We also got a larger seafood dish whose name escapes me. It contained a mix of seafood, like shrimp and octopus. The seafood wasn't the best quality--rubbery. We also got cold sesame noodles which were pretty bad. The peanut butter flavor was too strong and the noodles were gummy. We got a couple other dishes, some dumplings and veggies that were both ok. I wish the food were better because I liked the service, interior design, and prices. With the food being what it is though, I have no desire to return.
Excellent, excellent, and excellent.  This tastes like the food my friend's mother used to make..Run, don't walk, over and get yourself some soup dumplings, the wine chicken, the cha chiemeng (noodles with meat sauce, I probably butchered the spelling).  Tea served with your meal, and actual friendly service with individuals fluent in English.  But who cares?  The food is just delicious.  Love it.
I was a tad disappointed this time around. The Shanghai dumplings tasted different. Couldn't put my finger on it, but definitely not as good as last time. The enoki dish that was super yummy, but really salty was really bland this time. They definitely forgot the key ingredient before serving it. I also tried the shrimp and pork lo mein, which was really tasty and flavorful. I ate the entire dish! Maybe they just had an off day?
This place was packed around 530ish and the servicers were really attentive and helpful to accommodate our large party in a timely manner throughout our dinner. The food came  quickly and my favorite dishes were the stir fry noodles and the original Shao long bao compared to the crab shao long bao and black truffles Shao long bao.
Delicious soup dumplings for a very affordable price! We ordered pork, crab and black truffle. Would definitely recommend the pork and crab; the black truffle was a little overpowering.Came around 4pm on a Saturday and waited 15mins. It was great to be served hot tea the minute we sat down.
I love the soup dumplings here! This is a great place to dine if you're looking for the soupy goodies with a classier interior and shorter (to nonexistent) wait. The pan-fried pork buns are also delicious. Service is standard and attentive. Overall good for dim sum and noodle dishes, a bit pricey for Chinatown but you're paying extra for the feel which could be worth it - you won't be rushed to finish or forced to share a table with 2 other groups of strangers, which is a nice change sometimes. Sidenote: Everything spicy is on the less spicy side and there's a credit card minimum of either $15 or 20. P.S. Friend and I also tried the twice-cooked pork belly dish - and I have to say, having parents who cook authentic Szechuan cuisines, this interpretation of it was a let down. It was saucy - like a sweet black bean sauce - and hardly spicy. There were generous portions of meat, to be fair, but if authenticity is what you care about then I wouldn't recommend it.
This is for take out. I called in the order. The woman on the other end was very nice and spoke clearly. She asked a few questions to clarify what dumplings I was speaking about which I appreciated. Told me it would be 10-15 minutes and that they ONLY TAKE CASH and American Express, which I already knew from previous reviews but it's great that she mentions it. We go there in about 10-15 minutes and the order was ready. The inside is fairly small, but it looks pretty nice in there. You walk to the back of the place to pick up your order and pay. When I got back to the hotel (I was back in NYC visiting to see Hamilton so was working out of a hotel in little italy), the food was still a decent temp. We ordered:-Steamed Buns-Pork Soup Dumplings (steamed tiny buns with pork)-Pan Fried Wontons-Steamed Pork DumplingsEverything was good. $20 exactly for everything. The soup dumplings wrapper was amazingly thin and the soup was sooooo good. Definitely in my top soup dumplings that I've had. The wontons and regular steamed pork dumplings were good. Didn't blow my mind but I would order again. They had given us four different types of sauces, not idea what they were except one was like balsamic vinegar and one was a white sauce that I want to know more about because it was AMAZING. I would go here again easily.
Ate here again two years after my last review, and I think the key is to stick to their dough-based foods. Ordered the scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, and the sheng jian bao. Scallion pancakes and sheng jian bao were tremendous, wonderfully crispy and flavorful. Soup dumplings were ok, a bit too doughy in my opinion.
Food: 5/5.  I had the baby shrimp fried rice. It was yummy and I asked them to make it spicy(great idea because it still came out NOT TOO SPICY) very flavorful. And LOTS OF SHRIMP.  Atmosphere: 4/5. It was cold inside, they even stocked up while we were all inside eating. They left the door open for about 3 minutes.  HOWEVER, they seated us quick, brought out food quick, and it's not very noisy inside. Return chance: 4/5. If I'm in the neighborhood I will definitely come here.  However, I love trying new things.  BUT I believe you should come and try here yourself. It's yummy.
Great food and perfect location. Soup dumplings were exception as were the veggie dumplings and the shrimp.
The highlights here are the shengjianbao (fried pork buns) and the xiaolongbaos (steamed pork buns with soup), with my favorite being the shengjianbao. Visually, they look great, like cute little balls of joy (if pork is your source of joy). In terms of taste, these can probably rival the ones you get at bun shops in Shanghai. The bottoms are fried to a golden crust, but the bun is otherwise incredibly soft and fluffy. The pork filling is well-seasoned and juicy with a soft gelatinous texture. Pork buns aside, everything else on the menu is pretty average.
Came here the other day for lunch with 2 other people. It was pretty crowded, we sat down within 5 minutes but they brought us to a table where there was already 2 people sitting down.. I thought we would get our own table... but we would have to wait, so we decided to just sit there.. we were too hungry.The food was pretty good. I ordered a wonton noodle soup. I've had better soup elsewhere, but it was still worth eating.. My friends ordered lo mein and shanghai noodle soup and we also ordered soup dumplings and a dish of duck to share. The duck was very crispy and yummy..dipped in the sauce.The prices here are pretty reasonable here. There wasn't really anything to complain about. We were all satisfied with the food!
Girlfriend's and my go to soup dumpling spot. Price point is a little higher than usual, but their soup dumplings are executed with excellence. I've tried almost all the different types of soup dumplings offered there and they are great. This is serious quality.Only reason why this is missing a star is because the other stuff offered is pretty mediocre, and especially for the price. I have been to quite a few other Shanghai cuisine places in the area, and, in terms of the non-soup dumpling orders, they are about same if not a little worse. Had an especially bad experience with a certain type of mushroom with vegetables advertised in the restaurant, way too sweet, lazily done, and was like 10$. Their other staples such as Shanghai Chow Mein isn't bad, but for that price it should be better.
Its a family lunch meal, we didn't order too much.we really like the Xiao long bao, I have learn that how to eat xiao long bao without wasting all the soup from a kind waiter! you will need to grab the Xiao long bao on a spoon and eat it on a spoon so it won't pour out.
Best delivery Chinese food I have ever gotten (NYC FIDI)
This is my favorite shanghai place where I would wait two hours for soup dumplings. The service here is pretty bad but it is Chinatown.
I'm reluctant to write this because I don't want the word to get out lol I adore this restaurant. I've been here more than 10 times and have never been disappointed with a single dish. The soup dumplings are great. I always get the hot and sour soup and the shrimp in spicy Szechuan sauce. I have had other dishes as well, none of them failed to please. I will certainly be back
I'm an idiot and wanted to try the soup pork dumplings but instead ordered pan fried pork dumplings! We had the egg flower soup, chicken lo mein and genera tsao's. All around goodness and very fast service. We came in with rumbling stomachs and left satisfied and full within 45min.
4.5 stars because it's just that good and well priced. We came in at 11:30 on a Thursday and they were t too crowded yet but within 30 minutes the place was packed!The problem with dim sum, if there must be a problem, is that you can't try out too many items with just 2 people. But we really did try.We ordered:Hong Kong style hit and sour soup $7.50, it looked and tasted like regular hot and sour but there were more enoki mushrooms and some bay shrimp. Very tasty with a splash of sauce and a generous sprinkling of white pepper. 4/5. BF hates mushrooms but still finished his bowl!Juicy pork soup dumplings $5.75 for 8 pieces. These were the yummiest and juiciest dumplings I have ever tried! You must order these!Chicken Siu Mai $3.50 for 4 huge pieces, these taste like the regular stuff. Good but nothing to write home about.Wonton Szechuan style $5.75 for 8 pieces. 5/5 these were moist and delish in a tasty sauce that wasn't too oily. So goodI wish we could have ordered 10 more items but I seriously could put one more thing in my face.The sign out front says B rating but don't let that scare you. The restaurant was really clean as far as I could see. BF said the bathroom was lean too.Service was on point, way better than I expected. They had some traditional dim sum items but the dumplings were really the star!
I've been in the hunt to look for the best soup dumplings and guess what? I've hit the jackpot. The dumpling are very fragile, but good enough for you to pick it up without tearing it. When you take the first bite, sweet taste of pork melts in your mouth. Every note hits your taste buds as if it was meant to be. And when you take a bite of that pork, you're in love. It's so flavorful, everything is there. Unlike Joes shanghai everything was the complete opposite. The soup dumplings itself dominated everything else I've ordered. This is worth the wait in line, and I'll definitely come back. 10/10
I love coming to this place in Chinatown on Mott street. Definitely one of the go to places for Chinese food, especially Xiao long bao, which are a must get if you come here. The scallion pancakes are also a must, they are bigger than what are normally served, making it easily shareable with a friend or two. I tried the zhajiangmian and it was surprisingly not that bad, but I definitely expected more. On the other hand, the beef stew with noodles is one of the best I've ever had. They do not skimp on the amount of beef given or the amount of noodles either. The prices of the foods here are also pretty affordable. The place can get packed when it's lunch/dinner hours so it's best to go early.
Dumplings were unbelievably good! We had the truffle dumplings and pork dumplings. Best we've ever had in NYC. Tried the chicken lo main which was just okay - noodles were good but covered in A LOT of oil. My boyfriend had the braised lions head meatballs and they were also just okay. Our verdict - come here exclusively for the dumplings. They're worth it and seem to be what this place is known for. As for service - they were nice but our server was a little inattentive and we had to keep calling him or other servers over several times for basic requests like water or new chopsticks. Regardless, we'll definitely be back here again soon - for the dumplings of course!
My favorite soup dumpling place in Chinatown! Pretty good service and friendly staff every time we visit. We usually get the crab meat soup dumplings and the shanghai lo mein which taste amazing. Most place makes it too greasy but this place makes it just right and will leave you wanting more!
excellent tastegood good fast and cheapthe best chinese foodsrecommend to youum...great dumpling
My old standby, let us down...Bit into the shanghai spring roll and it was ice cold, while the outside was hot. Suspect it was frozen and not cooked properly. One bite was enough.Soup dumplings, while usually great, were lukewarm, skins were tough.After eating the apps, someone started to clear the table. Huh? Oh--the waiter forgot to put in the rest of our order.The jumbo shrimp with ginger and scallions is still a standout--more than ample serving and tasty.But the shredded beef with garlic sauce was cooked sloppily with the thin slices of beef clumped together in large balls, probably coated with cornstarch(?) then thrown into a wok and not stir fried and separated.Disappointed, to say the least... and let's not comment on the "B" cleanliness rating or the disgusting condition of the bathroom--oh, I just did.
Great food and great service. We got water crests shrimp dumplings, regular shrimp dumplings, Szechuan style wontons and lo mein with seafood and mixed meats. I highly recommend!
The Soup Dumplings might be one of the BEST things I have ever eaten. I had never heard of them before and I am now officially hooked. The rest of the food was good as well but those dumplings. Wish the service was better but the food made up for it.
I went here after work with 8 other coworkers, and we had a great experience. For appetizer, we ordered scallion pancakes (these were amazing) and regulardumplings. The scallion pancakes were fried, crispy, and absolutely mouth-watering. The star of the show, however, was definitely the soup dumplings. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, the crab and pork soup dumplings, and the black truffle dumplings (which were a little more expensive but definitely worth it). The service was also great, and the servers were very attentive. This is definitely going to be my go-to place when I'm craving soup dumplings!
As of now 小籠包 here is the best in NYC. Dan Dan Noodle is also great!
Xiao long bao is good here. Wouldn't say perfect, but good. It's an undisputed fact that Din Tai Feng perfected the technique for soup dumplings - compared to that, Shanghai Asian Manor's are a little too large, so while the skin itself is pretty on point in thinness and texture, the top of the bao where the dumpling skin is closed is too doughy. But otherwise, flavor is good, price is reasonable. Didn't try anything else besides dou miao (also good) but other people's dishes looked legit. We had to wait about 20 minutes when we got there around 5:30 on a Sunday.
Always my go to soup dumpling place! I love the soup dumpling here. Definitely underrated compared to Joe's Shanghai. The food always comes out very fast and the service could be better but not bad either.
Shanghai Asian Manor was abit underwhelming for me. I had a feeling I might be let down by how popular the place has become among tourists in Chinatown, and the food felt more like it catered to the American palate rather than a more traditional taste.  I should have gone with my gut, but I didn't know enough about Chinatown to really get a good feel, and we didn't have time to go to Flushing.I'll start off by saying the Xiao Long Bao is very good here, and they bring them out pretty quickly, since so many people were ordering them. I was also a big fan of the scallion pancakes. I wasn't a huge fan of the double sauteed pork with hot sauce that I ordered. One, the sauce it was coated in wasn't very hot and looked and tasted more like teriyaki, and two, there wasn't a whole lot of it. It was mostly vegetables all on the bottom. I end up switching dishes with my sister who got the pan fried noodles, and those were really good! I will say my sister liked my pork more than I did.The service here is decent, and the servers are kind of all over the place. I hear this place gets busy, but we were able to get three of us in to a table without a wait on a early Tuesday afternoon. The place doesn't have much store front signage, so keep a good eye out. If I'm going back to Chinatown again, I'd probably pass on this place and try to find some more authentic dishes. If that doesn't matter to you, then you'll enjoy this spot more than I!
3 1/2 stars. Invited Art and his family here to eat as I really wanted some dim sum. We ordered near everything on the dim sum menu. Most of it is pretty good while some other of it was just ok. The wonton szechuan and the soup dumplings though the call the latter something else. I think it's on the cover of their menu. Those 2 things are awesome. Pretty much all the other steamed stuff we got was also good. What wasn't good? The wonton soup was surprisingly pretty tasteless. Their pan fried stuff wasn't that good either. Service wasn't bad, I had to grab our server to put in consecutive rounds of food but they were nice about it. Also had to do the same when we drank all the tea which happened twice.
Amazing soup dumplings!! Well balanced flavors and addictive. We ordered 4 sets of 6 and scallion pancakes. It was all delicious including the fried rice.
Their soup dumplings, pork, crab, and black truffle, are fantastic. Fabulous scallion pancakes too! Cash or American Express only.
Walked in to packed tables and was told the wait was 30-45 minutes- it ended up being 45 minutes. The food came out promptly. I'd consider the servers friendly and helpful. Food ordered: shrimp and pork soup dumplings, Sichuan wontons, shanghai spring rolls, fried pork dumplings, general tso and sesame chicken over white rice. I recommend all of these dishes minus the spring rolls. My favorite were the Sichuan wontons- the wontons tasted fresh and homemade. The sweet mildly spiced chili oil was delectable. I used to oil to dip my soup dumplings in.  The chicken dishes included chicken bits that were super crunchy and crispy on the outside while juicy and perfectly cooked inside. It was mostly dark meat to those concerned about white meat only. Priced well- came out to roughly $41 (cash or AmEx only). I'd recommend to others. Only got pics of the soup dumplings and Sichuan wontons- sorry!
Got take out and was not disappointed at all. I've had quite a few dim sum places down in Chinatown, and this was definitely one of the better. The shrimp dumplings were standard for a typical dim sum place, as were the pan fried noodles, but the steamed soup dumplings and suprisingly the spring rolls were spot on.
I would definitely be back.  Love the truffle soupy buns!!!  Kao fu is alittle sweet but still delicious, scallion pancakes is on point, I can say it's one of the best.  Fried rice and Shanghai noodle can be better. It's a bit bland. But better than too salty. There is always a line so be prepare to wait.
