"One word, QUALITY over quantity." The words of wisdom the owner told us his mother advised him to live by!I have held off reviewing a place after a first visit in case I gush then go back a second time and it's different.  So after my second time here I am amazed at how wonderful it was again. I put up with a lot for Indian Food sometimes mediocre but hey it's OK kind of feeling. THIS is a GREAT place fresh and flaky and spicy are all the words I need to use :) The Poori is not just great it's fun to eat get it with everything you order.First time they treated us like royalty, second time like family. If you have just had a bad day go in for the smiles. SO HAPPY to have found this place.
It's rare that a restaurant has all 5 stars, in fact, that's what my boyfriend pointed out about this place, and it's why we decided to go over another option we had in mind. Honestly, I believe that Mughlai was deserving of 5/5, too.Upon entering the restaurant, it was a cozy, smaller place, with the kind of feel that you knew the food would be authentic and delicious. Two employees helped us get seated at a larger table, because they didn't have any 2 person accommodations left, and didn't want us having to wait or stand around - very nice! Really throughout the entire meal we were both treated with the upmost respect and kindness, which I believe still goes a long way! Also, everything looked clean, plates were wiped before being set, and waters were constantly filled.Anyway, we ordered two appetizers. One was some sort of meat-filled (I think duck? maybe?) pastry, and they were good. Typically the meat inside pastries can be bland or too wet, but it was made perfectly and kept the pastry flaky and crisp! We also started with the fried spicy cauliflower, which I thought was amazing - one of the best Indian dishes I've ever had.For entrees, I got my typical fav - chicken tikka masala. It was delicious in the sauce and all per usual, but the chicken really had this smoky flavor, to which I say this was the best chk tikka masala I'd ever had! Bf got the lamb curry, which he said was pretty good, I mean we both completely finished our meals - so that says a lot. Overall, it wasn't the fastest meal to come out to us, but we didn't mind or mention it once in conversation. I mean, it proves to me that they really just cooked it fresh for us, and along the way we had plenty of complimentary breads, curries, we ordered garlic naan, and all of the rest of our food. It didn't feel like a wait, and even if it did, I'd say it was definitely worth it!
The tastiest and most friendly Indian restaurant in the Lower East Side. Don't miss the lunch specials and early evening atmosphere on Clinton Street!
Location is the key. Excellent location. This is by far The best Authentic Indian food I have ever tasted. I started of with a cauliflower to die for. I had shrimp in a sauce and fish too in a sauce. People of all races and ethnicities background. They will take reservations and they also do take out. There's a beautiful ambiance and the decorations is on point. Kabeer the owner makes everyone feel like they're at home. The music fits the scenery of a home felt Indian Cuisine. I will return and bring family and friends. After all it's an enormous menu and I can't wait to try it all. The staff was very friendly and very attentive. The chef knows all his spices...mmm good.
I've been around and eaten "Indian food" anywhere I could: rural and urban U.K., the East and West coasts, the Midwest....etc. There are plenty of takes on how to prepare and season this style food, but I would say this restaurant is a perfect example of this cuisine. The location is straightforward and the cost is reasonable. My samosa chaat and mulligatawny soup, with naan, were superb examples of what I would expect to find anywhere. Service was great too!I'm very much looking forward to my next visit here.
One word- AWESOME! We chanced upon this place while yelping and ended up giving it a go on a lazy Sunday. The food is finger licking good, service is beyond amazing and the ambiance is truly beyond words. Must try for all and everyone! Food coma is what you are in for , if you happen to be here to enjoy the delicious authentic home-style Indian cooking. Cannot stop dreaming about the food.
Not a bad place but not one that I would regard as 5 stars.  I went here because of the numerous 5 star reviews expecting to be totally blown away.  But even simple things like the paratha and the rice (rice was a bit in the dry side) were no better than the average decent Indian place.  I have definitely had better taste/quality of the exact same entree I ordered here.  I am from Northern California and I'm comparing it to better restaurants in the Bay Area.  On the flip side the restaurant was clean with no noticeable weird odors (including the restroom) and the service was good.  It's a small cozy kind of place, but the music is a little on the loud side and hip-hop Bollywood type which IMO detracts from the cozy ambiance.
I've been going to this wonderful place for nearly five months. Kabeer and his staff warmly welcomed me and was so helpful and generous in ordering my food. I always love to get the lunch pre-fixed menu as it's both cheap and plentiful. When I say plentiful you get an app., entree meal, lots of rice and naan. It's ridiculously awesome!!! I know I've been keeping tight budget these days, but will gladly come again as I truly love this fine restaurant and the amazing staff that works there!!
The customer service/waitstaff is so attentive and are gracious hosts. The food was phenomenal... comparable to a fancy Indian restaurant I've been to in London that cost at least twice as much as Mughlai. I highly recommend this place.
Came in based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Wait staff and food were excellent. I recommend it all because we got several plates,(the garlic Naan is to die for) and the manager was kind enough to gift us dessert because it was my husband's 2nd time having Indian.
Great food and friendly people. This place has consistently good dishes and has encouraged me to explore the menu a little bit outside of my comfort zone. The owner is also friendly and was interested to hear my thoughts. Look forward to many more meals there.
This is the best place I've been for Indian in Manhattan; service is prompt, courteous and helpful, the portions are very generous and the prices are quite reasonable. We ordered chicken tikka Masala with cheese naan. The chicken was moist and extremely flavorful. Heads up for those who like it hot: I ordered spice level 10, it had the perfect heat level and left a nice burn to the lips; my son ordered spice level 9 but it was very mild in comparison. Highly recommend this place.
Wow I can't believe how good this place was. Just amazing recipes. I will go back for sure.
Just moved to the neighborhood and this was the first place we decided to try.  Not only were we. It disappointed, we were blown away by the food, friendly service, clean environment and overall atmosphere.  We will definitely be coming back for more soon.  The owner goes above and beyond to make you feel welcome and enjoy your dining experience.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala (best I've had in the city!!!) and tandoori chicken. Both were phenomenal and incredibly seasoned but not overly done.  For appetizer we had the chicken samosa and mulligatawny soup (also best I've had).
This place is amazing. 5 stars across the board and it is easy to see why. The food is delicious. The portions are MASSIVE . I'm talking leftovers for days massive. The dinner deal, which is 17 dollars, gets you rice, naan, an entree and rice pudding. I do not like rice pudding so I asked for them to instead replace it with Raita which they very graciously did. The delivery came in about 35 minutes, which is great considering I am about 10 blocks away. The only small gripe I have is that they could stand to use a little more spice. If you like spicy food but are afraid to order full spice from time to time, go ahead and do it when you order from here.
My friend and I were were in the neighborhood having a few beers and both decided we were pretty hungry. We noticed Mughlai Indian Cuisine across the street. Now, I've just very recently started to discover how much I love Indian food. The flavor is like no other and I love spicy food so this was a match in heaven.From the moment we entered until we paid the bill and left, it was top notch. You immediately feel the family aspect of the restaurant. The seating is open and encourages a family style experience. We were seated close to a family who looked like they were visiting and started conversation. They had nothing but amazing things to say about Mughlai since they entered entered for their meal.My friend and I were immediately greeted by who turned out to be the restaurants owner. He was so humble and friendly. My friend and I decided to split a chicken samosa. The owner was helpful with suggesting what sauces would work best with the samosa and we both took his advise. The flavor of the samosas are an instant pleasure to the palate.  The chicken was also very tender!Being that I'm still fairly new to Indian food, I decided to order something I was comfortable with and have had before. I ordered the chicken tiki masala and my friend and I split a basket of garlic naan bread. The food came out within a reasonable amount of time and according to my friend who frequents Indian restaurants - the meal was also served in its traditional form as far as the presentation. The meal was spectacular. The chicken was perfectly tenderized and the sauce was a mixture of different flavor and spices that I really enjoyed. I'm happy to say I finished the whole thing. The portions were just right. The garlic naan was the right combination of soft and crispy. You could definitely taste the fresh garlic. I highly recommend that anyone who enjoys Indian cuisine go and check out Mughlai if you're ever in the area. You'll be welcomed in with a smile and end in good conversation with the owner. It was a pleasure.
Not sure whether it's good for vegetarians. I ordered vegetarian and food was below expectations
Super impressed by their level of service! They just opened, taking the place of another Indian restaurant. I ordered from the previous one several times. They were decent. However THIS place is trying hard! I went in for pickup and the man was going above and beyond to be helpful and fast. It says it takes a while for delivery but it's right down the street so I wanted to test how long they would take. They were delivered in probably 15 minutes. And it's very good Indian food! The spices are complex and the meat isn't too dry. The chicken tikka masala (the basic item I get when gauging one Indian restaurant to another)'s chicken was a hair dry but it didn't matter. I'm just impressed by their service! They gave us free dessert and those thin cracked sheets!Pretty great! Thank you!
A great place for dinner or to order delivery from. The portions are huge and the food is delicious! Everyone who works there is so nice and friendly, and the food is always amazing. The delivery is usually fast, about 30mins and you get a ton of food for a great price. 10/10 would recommend!
First time here, but certainly not the last!  So, good- from appetizer of vegetable pakora and samosa to the entrees of chicken korma, chicken tika masala, and palak paneer our group enjoyed the entire experience.  Don't forget desert!  My fav is gulab jaman
Truly excellent meal here. Got the chicken vindaloo and chicken briyani. Tasted great. The quality of the food was excellent. Prices Very reasonable. Atmosphere was also great. Complimentary pudding at the end. Very friendly staff. May have found one of the best indian restaurants in the city.
Fantastic experience in the restaurant. Service is great, food is great, ambiance is great. Definitely will come back again.
This is hands-down the best Indian food we've had in the city! Appetizers were spot on, meals delicious and the service was wonderful. Great selection of different regions, fresh and spicy. (Super clean too, including bathrooms.) And very helpful advice when choosing foods. Enjoy beer and wine with your meal and a wonderful smile from the proprietor.
Delicious  made with love. The owner and the staff were kind and really helpful. The owner spent a bit telling me why spice is an important part of the human diet and then brought out a special vindaloo sauce.
This is by far the best Indian food takeout I've ordered in the UES and has become by go to. Samosas, Chicken Tika Masala, Chana Masala, Aloo Chaat are my favorites but I've tried several of their meat and Vegetarian entrees, everything has been fresh and delicious. 2 times they have forgotten something in my order but both times delivered it within a half hour of me calling the restaurant and letting them know it was missing. I definitely recommend this place.
Excellent food.  We ordered the Subs Shahi Korma and the Rajasthani Hara Maas, and both were delicious.  The service was above and beyond, and we ended up talking to the owner for a good 30 minutes.  Cannot wait to go back!
So smooth. Creamy and not greasy curry sauce in the chicken tikka masala with the chicken cooked right. Owner is beyond nice and mentioned it's BYOB if you want to bring in liquor. Def my go to in LES for Indian food now.
If you think Indian food around here  sucks, it's because it does. But this new place is awesome. Tomato tastes like tomato , portions are big, and everyone is genuinely nice. You cannot beat the delivery special!
The veggie tikka massala of my dreams!! Also the owner watched my bike while I grabbed my pickup order which was incredibly kind. Love love love.
Server couldn't remember our order and yet refused to write it down. As a result things would come late or needed to be reminded. Server also refused to sell me spicy food based on my skin color and I quote "Only Indians can handle spicy food." As a result all our food was bland. Pricing was fair. Decor was fair. Naan was good. Chicken karahi, chicken tikka masala and anadrhas lamb were ok. Not the best but not the worse of the city.
This place was made with love, and you can tell when you order the food. If you're lucky enough to sit there and dine, the owner and staff are so personable and pleasant that it'll feel more like you're hanging out with old friends. The food is flavorful  not terribly spicy (so if you prefer a little more heat be sure to specify). Basically it's a great place to stop in for lunch or dinner. Given how many shops have been shutting down in the area, I'd love to see this new place succeed.
Ordered delivery through Uber Eats and arrived over an hour late (not the restaurants fault but food arrived cold which made it significantly less enjoyable..).I had that Gobi Palak which was quite bland and boring. I didn't like the rice and thought the dish tasted significantly better without the rice. Also had the veggie samosa which was way too salty and tasted just like an American potato pastry with no indian spices. My friend agreed about the rice and samosa but enjoyed her shahi mutter paneer dish a little more than I liked mine. She said the naan was too salty to eat though.Appreciate that they denote what is vegan as I am lactose intolerant but I've definitely had better and had really high hopes for this place. Would eat here again if I was in a bind (and try something different since the reviews are so good), but it wouldn't be my first choice.
Hands down the best Indian cuisine in NYC. I had the tandoori lamb chops and they were juicy.This place is unbelievable. I've been here almost twenty times in the last 6 weeks. I've brought friends, family and colleagues here. All were impressed. Since I've tasted almost everything on the menu and am looking for something new, the owner has kindly prepared something off-menu for tonight: saffron fish.
After a wonderful kundalini class, my boyfriend and I are always craving delicious food. We discovered Mughlai, and we were smitten. The service was fantastic. The environment was quiet, clean, and chill. We started with the vegetable samosas, best I've ever had. We shared the vegetable tikka masala, vegan dal saag, and the chicken tandoori. We are Indian food connoisseurs... been living in NYC for 12 years, best spot yet.
Really, really great service. The staff was extremely accommodating despite our changing requirements for our party of 10+. The food was great... I'm not expert in Indian cuisine but it tasted fantastic. Places like this deserve to thrive. Go here, eat here, drink here (byob too).
Excellent place. I love their shush kabab. Service is superb. The owner is an extremely friendly guy. Very hands on. Ask for his recommendation.
Very tasty with many options and great service. Food is very balanced and clean. A nice addition to Clinton
Amazing service, the best Samosas i've ever had. And the wine was great as well. since Ambiance. so refreshing to have amazing top notch Indian food!! Feels like home inside
Fantastic! Great flavors l, and everything was cooked perfectly. Get the prawns, they're cooked just right!
Went there again last night with family and the manager Keber was outstanding he brought us bread basket and a variety of food we were very happy the food was excellent lamb mild and the chicken with a spicy kick just right couldn't be happier with this place. Will definitely be back keep up the good work guys. The atmosphere was nice and it was crowded because it is small but it is our go to spot when in the area.
Great new addition to LES. Service was good, portions were generous and food was delicious . Definitely try this place! Had the saag paneer and the eggplant.
Consistently great quality food. I order from here quite often and have never been disappointed. Staff is also super nice!
Excellent food. Seriously the best Indian food we've had so far. This is our new goto spot. The service was just as the other reviews say...fantastic. The owner is incredibly hospitable and the his chef from Bombay produces amazing curry dishes. We had the Hyderabadi Baghare, hyberabadi chicken curry, and the Rajasthani Hara Maas. Loved all three.
Great food, good service, very affordable. Have gone twice and they accommodated me very when I had to leave in a rush. Would recommend to anyone who likes Indian food.
Went to Mughlai for lunch today. Extensive manual. Don't know how to order so we told the manager chicken, shrimp  veg one each. What a surprise food was delicious and with good presentation. Not too much spice either. Bill was reasonable. Highly recommended.
Seriously I live around the corner and this food is soooooooooo good!!!! The naan yum!!! The servings wow!!! Presentation and ambiance wonderful... also the mint chutney. Ahh...
Great food and very friendly staff. We ordered a ToGo and they gave us rice kheer (pudding), different chuttneys and onion slices. The taste of the food was also great. I'd definitely recommend this place.
Excellent customer service and food. The owner is a lovely guy and cares about his customers. Also a  nice ambience inside the restaurant. Bonus: complementary warm rice pudding for dessert! (Could've been a one-time thing, but so nice.) Will definitely come back.
The food was delicious and there was a very good atmosphere. It was packed on a Friday night and we got our food quickly and everything was perfect. The service was great and attentive. Cool crowd, great location.
Really great Indian food with good service. The owner used to work at my favorite uptown Indian restaurant, but my boyfriend and I both preferred the food here. I'd recommend the vegetarian Tikka Masala, which I had never seen on a menu before, and the Poori. Looking forward to going back soon!
Visited for the first time last night and can honestly say we had superb food and excellent service.  Highly recommended.
Amazing Indian food! The best in LES! Love the all appetizer, very fresh and mouth watering! This is becoming our spot for delivery and eat in.  Staff is super nice.  Must try!
Solid spot.  Have only ordered delivery but all of the food was great and a great value for the price. Will be my new go to spot for Indian delivery.
This place is great! We asked the owner, Khabeer, what was good and he brought out three incredible entrees. The real star of the show was NAN. Crispy, soft, and delicious. The service was great and the beer was cold. I'll definitely be coming back.
Truly incredible take out Indian that nails it. Fresh tasting, spicy, and huge portions. Also very friendly service. You can get two meals out of an entree. Highly highly recommend.
the owner kaber is amazing!! my favorite indian food in nyc - can't go wrong, especially with any of the appetizers (get the gobhi manchurian). the restaurant is great for dates - it's quiet and beautifully lit and the wine is well priced.
Happy to find this restaurant in my neighborhood - finally a decent Indian restaurant that is not run-of-the-mill 6th street! Fresh tasty food prepared by a professional chef who has worked in well known restaurants in Bombay. Quiet, understatedly decorated with an attentive staff and cool backgroud music that is not blaring Bollywood. Recommended!
Great service and amazing food! Seriously the most amazing palak paneer I've ever had. Eat here!
One of the most phenomenal meals that I've ever had in NY in my six years of living here. The service was just as amazing as the food they brought out. I'm stuffed but have continued to eat because I don't want the flavor to ever go away. You could order a plate of dirt and they would find a way to turn it into magic. With that said, this place is incredibly clean. The symphony of spices was something not to be ignored. You don't have to love Indian food to appreciate the skill and flavor that this restaurant has executed. Everything from Bhel Poori to the garlic naan and goat curry, every dish blew us away. My husband and I came from midtown based on reviews and they did not disappoint. We are looking forward to making this our date spot as the price is right, the ambience is relaxing and the food and service are above and beyond incredible. You would be a fool to pass this by.
Excellent. The food was delicious and reasonably priced. The owner is a delightful gentleman who makes you feel welcome.
Awesome food and an even more awesome staff! This is the best Indian in lower Manhattan
Came here for lunch today. The hyderabadi chicken curry was juicy and I had a flavorful meal overall. The service here is attentive too!
This was a 5 star place! Its hard to find good, friendly and really genuine service in New York. Add in amazing indian food and you have Mughlai! I called last minute to host a birthday for 12 people like 4:30 for 8pm reservation. They were so so helpful and accommodating. The dinner was amazing and even brought a cake and sang happy birthday at the end. They made it a really nice experience for everyone that came, way better than restaurants where you pay 3 times the price for "more upscale service" - I will definitely be back!
This  place is simply one of the best. They have DELICIOUS food. To top it off their owner Mr Kabir wants to genuinely care for each and every guest. Stop by here and give them a try!
Very good food and the naan bread is actually the best I've ever tasted! I've been to many Indian restaurants in NYC and they're hit and miss, and most are expensive. The prices at Mughlai however are very reasonable. Many reasons to return!
Food was great, wonderful mango lassi's ! Owners were very welcoming. Chicken Tikka Masala is recommended if you're this is your first time eating Indian food :)
I went today for lunch with my 1 year old daughter and my mother in law.  All the food was delicious, and the owner was so accommodating and helpful with my daughter.  Overall great experience. Thank you! We will be back.
This place is awesome! Super friendly owner, and staff. The Food is clearly made with love. Super tasty Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan, I highly recommend this spot!
This place is beyond heaven, never in my life have I been bombarded with wave after wave of delicious colours scents and tantalizing taste. Despite being stuffed to capacity I'm still craving the food. The mango lassi has the perfect blend and dare I even say a hint of rose water. The sofiyani biryani was the most authentic dish I ever tasted I thought I was in Mumbai the moment I entered the humble abode. I cannot wait to visit again
i love the food in this restaurant. i like the goat curry and lamp pasanda with naan that was awesome.
The food here is so good! It's a perfect blend of flavors and it's always on point. I've had Indian food at other places that tastes bland or somehow misses the mark. But it's always been yummy here. I've had various fish, chicken and vegetarian dishes here. The staff is attentive and friendly. The menu is priced well. The decor is cute so it's a nice place for a date.
When the boy mentioned this place for the fifth time this week, I figured we'd better make it Friday date night. I was not disappointed. Food was high quality, tasty and, exactly on price point (entrees 11-20) to make you feel ok about having a couple beers on the bill. The thing that really stood out was the service - I think it's the owners who are helping out with serving, but they add a personal touch with recommendations and make an effort to find out what you like. We're 'far' by ny standards (a while 5 subway stops away), but will definitely be back!!
Food was great and the service was wonderful. We split 4 dishes with 6 people and still couldn't finish everything.  Try the chef's specials for something especially delicious.
Only 9 days old and they are going strong.  Friendly, kind and genuinely excited staff complimented by delicious food.  Chill atmosphere.  Great date spot.
came here for lunch today and had the chicken tikka masala which was amazing and flavorful! the owner is a very sweet man.
Very very solid Indian restaurant in the LES! Great food and attentive service all at a very attractive price point. Will definitely be back soon!
authentic, owners are incredibly friendly and helpful. definitely my go-to for indian. unreal food. everything is delicious. ask for recommendations and eat whatever they tell you to
Beautiful food and great service. Everything is authentic and the people are very welcoming and gracious. Highly recommend this restaurant. Way better than the Indian places on 1st / 6th.
I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants in the city and this place is excellent. Ate there a couple times and the food is fantastic. The chicken melts in your mouth and the sauces are rich and fresh. Everything is on point. The lunch special is awesome too. Highly recommend the chicken saag.
New Indian restaurant in LES. Incredible service... I ordered for pickup and the owner was very friendly while I waited. The food was excellent and fairly priced. I'll be coming back.
This place was truly a beautiful experience. The service was amazing. We really felt taken care of and at home. The food was delicious and very authentic. I will be back. I am very happy this opened in my neighborhood! Nothing but amazing things to say about this restaurant.
