I like this place. It's a pretty normal Chinese restaurant but I find that they usually have consistent, yummy food. I've done both take out and delivery but I think I enjoyed take out better as they are more accommodating and friendly when you come in person. There are a couple decent Chinese spots in the area but this edges those by having consistent, good and flavorful dishes. Overall, I would come/order again.
Delicious food. Took a while to arrive, that's why I am not giving it 5 stars. My favorite pork fried rice in the area!
For a fast food Chinese restaurant they offer the best chicken wings.  I have tried chicken wings from all different Chinese restaurants in Sunnyside and there is no comparison.  China Garden wings are seasoned perfectly and you get a whole plump hot crunchy juicy wing and they count it as one wing (some other places cut it into 2 pieces and count it as two).  There are four in an order.  Wings with white rice completes my dinner.  I sometimes order their chicken pan fried noodles which is really good.  I think its better than what you would get in Chinatown.  You have to make sure that you mention that you want Cantonese noodles (very thin) otherwise it won't be authentic.  I also ask them to make it in white sauce with no green peppers (hate that).  I always do take out from here.  When you get home just put fried noodles in large bowl and pour all of the chicken and vegetable on top and wait patiently for some of the juices to absorb then enjoy.
Best Chinese take out in LIC / Sunnyside  by far. Literally it's that good. I mean c'mon, it's Chinese takeout and I felt the need to post...enough said
Food is great and delivery is ridiculously fast from Sunnyside to LIC.
This is the best take out/delivery Chinese restaurant in Sunnyside. Tina and her husband run the place with the most friendly service and delicious items. They always accommodate your requests and truly love their jobs. If you are looking for a phenomenal Chinese food fix, this is the place to go. You won't be disappointed, I assure you.
This is by far one of the best Chinese take out restaurant around LIC and sunnyside area.It has ok selection.The lunch specials is your average Chinese take out selection.If you can accept the fact that most Chinese take out joints in usa arrested really Americanized food, then you are good.And to those who mainly goes to take out joints and claim that they have eaten chinese food, no, you haven't been.
We ordered lunch for delivery for a family gathering. Ordered my staple of chicken with broccoli, also veggie lo mein, Mongolian beef, sesame chicken and some egg rolls. I highly recommend the lo mein and the chicken with broccoli although I have to say that everything was delicious. Delivery was prompt; service on the phone was friendly. Definitely ordering from there again!
I've been going here till I was 10 years old. The food is like any other Chinese place in NYC but the people and service make this a gem. They are super friendly and accommodate most people without extra charge. Any lunch special can be switched to tofu equivalent dish with no extra charge. They have upgraded their talent containers to plastic which is great to keep and reuse.
One of my favorite Chinese take-out places! I had the Yang Zhou fried rice which was delicious. Although it is a bit oily, the lunch special comes with the Wanton soup (or any soup of your choice) and it washes down nicely. Oh, one thing, it DOES open on Saturdays, not sure why it says it closes. Either ways come here for your fill of good take-out Chinese food.
Good was delicious and the kitchen was very accommodating. We are vegetarian and the were very helpful finding veggie friendly items on the menu and also making custom dishes to suit our appetites. Very kind and helpful.
Fantastic food.  Unbelievably fast delivery. Very flavorful  and the portions are huge for the price. Highly recommended and great value.
I liked this place overall in comparison to the rest of the Chinese restaurants in the area. However, yesterday it was a total fail.
Order over $12 and  get a free drinkUpdate: 1/18/13I gotta say this place is solid! I'm huge fan of the sesame chicken dinner special. It's a great deal for the price. The staff is alway kind and they know what I want when I walk into the door. Just one note its quite cold in the resturant.. i guess maybe because of the woks? nonetheless  give this a try!
Consistently good when you want Chinese and service is good whether take out or delivery.  Moo shu chicken or veggie or both really tasty.  Glad they are in the neighborhood.
delicious food! cash only. delivery was incredibly quick. wouldn't recommend the Crab Rangoons (a little too flaky, too much bread not enough crab). cashew chicken was delicious. fairly affordable.
Another update...I am happy to say that the food has become far more consistent as of late.We have tried just about every Chinese place in and around Sunnyside (most more than once) and China Garden is by far the best (and cleanest) one.  I have never gotten "mystery meat" from China Garden.  The portions are generous and everything always tastes fresh.The owners are extremely sweet and accommodating as well.No doubt the best Chinese in the area.
Great take out restaurant in Sunnyside! Great service! great food! Very helpful! Husband and Wife team doing a great job Love them!
Pretty clean for a mostly carryout and delivery street corner place. A health rating and extensive menu. The lunch special is a real deal and includes a soda or soup and choice of rice. Portions are very generous and would feed two average appetites. Delivery is done on bicycles and seems to work well. You won't be disappointed for the value and good food.
I live down the street and im chinese.. and for a quick fix and quick delivery this is pretty darn good.  I have only ordered pretty simple dishes such as chicken and broccoli or beef and string beans but for fast food and quick service its great!
Low mein is more than decent. Tasty food, quick delivery. The only downside is that the menu available on Yelp is not the "official" one.
Best Chinese take out in Sunnyside. Tasty food, good portions, and quick delivery. I tried others around the area but none were as good as China Garden.
Slightly better than most of the Chinese takeout places in Sunnyside, but that's not saying much.  Dumplings have thick, doughy skins.  Crab rangoon tastes like surimi pureed with powdered sugar.  Lo mein and General Tso's chicken are acceptable, if a little too sweet.  Kung Pao chicken was mostly celery, almost no chicken, but the flavor was not bad (though not at all spicy, despite ordering it extra spicy).  Egg rolls were good.
First off, they deserve much better than 2 stars. The veges and meats seem fresh and that's a big plus. Here's my problem with China Garden. They use way too much sugar. Everything is drenched in sugar. The overly sweetened sauces and syrups cover all veges and meats. I've bought from them before and this time I finally requested very little sugar infused sauces/syrups and discussed it with the person who answered the phone. They are very accommodating and will work with you which is always a great plus. The particular dish I had previously ordered was an appetizer, boneless spare ribs and they used a syrup from a jug, which I saw, and that stuff would put a diabetic (which I am not and don't want to become) into a coma. So this time I requested no jug syrup and they still made a good sauce, without added sugar, that was much better with a whole lot of flavor where I could actually taste the already marinated pork, sans jug syrup. However, the broccoli with garlic sauce and the shredded pork with garlic sauce that I ordered were both loaded with sugar. It's like eating candied food. Not good. The only items I ordered that were not loaded with sugar were the hot and sour soup, steamed pork dumplings, and egg rolls. I don't know anyone who wants candied veges and meats as a main course. This neighborhood is mostly Latino and being Latino myself, I and my family do enjoy our sweets but they have their place in the meal. That place being mainly as a dessert. We do not put into our food nor want  the majority of our foods to be all sweet. So, and I regret to do this because China Garden's ingredients are fresh, but until China Garden stops masking those good ingredients in sugar, I will only order the hot and sour soup, the pork dumplings, and egg rolls from China Garden and nothing else until they severely cut back on the sugar. After a few bites with all that sugar, the food really tastes disgusting.
Really solid chinese take out which is reasonably priced and super fast. We eat here probably once a week.  It helps that it's just around the corner from us, but we've tried other places in the neighborhood and this is our favorite.The staff are all lovely too, which is always a bonus. Would definitely recommend!
Best Chinese food in Sunnyside!! My roommate and I have tried most of the other places in the neighborhood and this is definitely the best!! Everything we order from the menu is always on point and the service is very good!
The food is yummy & authentic. The price is reasonable. The place is clean & the server is friendly. Recommended!!!!
Don't know if they changed cooks or overall staff, but the last time I went the food was not nearly as tasty and the people were different.  Where's my sweet lady behind the counter?
I don't eat any meat dishes at your local Chinese take out places, so my review is bean curd based. Solid 4. The friendly staff is also a bonus.
Best Chinese food in the neighborhood. Fast delivery, cheap prices, and food is consistently good. General Tso's always has minimal breading which is hard to find in these Chinese take out places. Highly recommend!
We have been ordering from them for 15 years.   Really nice folks, good food for a decent price....
