Always grrat, always consistent. I usually order the samething, crispy okra, shrimp korma and this time I discovered the spicy corn. It was oh so yummy, but it's only for people who loves and want everything spicy.... If you're a bland ass person stay away. I hope they never change chefs. Decor is lovely as well. I only wish they served alcohol, but it is byob so it keeps your bill low. I have had dine in and take away and everything is always good.
Hands down the best Indian in the neighborhood. I order from here embarrassingly often. The standards (saag, tikka, etc.) are all outstanding, fresh, better the next day. The biryani is also excellent as is the malai kofta. Have never eaten in the restaurant but delivery is always fast and they are incredibly polite over the phone.
They have the best butter chicken! The staff is very attentive and polite! A neighborhood spot for sure!
I ordered from here from Eat24 and it was honestly the worst Indian food I've ever had. The palak paneer was completely inedible and definitely nothing close to what this dish should taste like; it's hard to explain but it almost tasted caustic to me. The Baigan Bharta wasn't as bad as the palak paneer, but still one of the worst version I've had of this. The chicken tikka was fine, but there were only a few pieces of chicken. Luckily eat24 reimbursed me for the order because I had to throw it out.
The food it good I'll come back again and try different dishes I only wish they had a veggie combo
Authentic Indian curry restaurant! There is a great deal during lunch time, 25% off from the total ! I recommend to get butter chicken curry! Make sure that if you are not good at TOO spicy things you need to tell them. Overall amazing meals!!!
Now this is real good Indian food! The place is very cozy and pretty, the owner and wait staff are super friendly, nice and attentive. We came here with my family and everyone ordered something different, we tried off of everyone and not one thing tasted mediocre, everything was amazing. The tomato basil soup is out of this world, i even ordered one to go. If you're a vegetarian, there's plenty of yummy food for you as well, we all left stuffed and happy:) they are waiting on their liquor license but you can bring your own bottle of wine and enjoy with your dinner. Definitely coming back!
My roommate and I came here for the first time last night and we were impressed. The atmosphere is very datey - low music, dim lighting, and candles.  It is also decorated very nicely and the staff was attentive. The food was delicious too. They start off by bringing you a complimentary appetizer with different chutneys. Then we had the samosas which may have been the highlight of the meal. They were so tasty! We also split chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. Everything was great, and we couldn't even finish it between the two of us. Tip: it's BYOB and they don't charge a corking fee!
So happy to have found my new favorite Indian food spot! This place is great for a girls night or date night! We ended up picking this place over the one nearby due to the FREE garlic naan Yelp deal; and I'm so glad! The food was amazing! My friend and I weren't too hungry and so we didn't get to try too many things, but what we did have was so tasty! They first brought out some crispy bead with a trio of sauces! Yum! Garlic naan- zomg. So great! Samosa - probably the best I've ever had- totally stuffed with filling and it was a great consistency! Chicken tikka masala - so tender and flavorful- we literally were scraping the bowl with our garlic naan it was so good! The owner/manager was so kind to us and came over multiple times to make sure everything was perfect! He even gave us 25% off for dining in restaurant! The whole experience was so great and the portions were a great size! I'll be back this week to try something else!*Reading other reviews, I just found out they are BYOB! So that's awesome as well!
The service...Amazing! The decor...beautiful. Every dish we ate was full of flavor. Whenever I want Indian food this is my go to place. The food was so good I felt guilty when my bill had a 25% savings because I mentioned Yelp. They gave us garlic naan on the house.  We started with Onion bhujia and Mango Lassi...unique and full of flavor. The mango lassi will fill you up quick so fight the urge to drink this delicious drink too quick. We ended with Lamb biryani, Kadai chicken and Tandoori shrimp. They came together at the perfect temperature. The servings were more than adequate for 2 people. I strongly suggest this restaurant!
The food quality deteriorated so much in the past few months. This went from being my favorite Indian place to inedible. I will not be returning.
Went today with my usual gang of office colleagues and pleasantly surprised as usual. The Shrimp Balchao (Goan pickle flavored curry) was excellent and a nice complement to the rich Lamb gravy with coconut milk.Well done Mahal Kita. You deserve the 5 stars again. Looking forward to visiting you again soon.
This place serves very good food and their service is remarkable. I would definitely recommend this place and come back.  The shrimp balchau was absolutely delicious especially with the garlic naam. ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!!!
The food here is very good -- just know they will serve it to you Indian-levels of spicy unless you explicitly ask for it milder. I have some spice tolerance, but needed to order some raita to finish my dish. Lots of depth of flavor in every dish I tried though, and a nice atmosphere.
Came here for lunch with my bf. We ordered Kadai Chicken, Dahi Gosht (lamb with yogurt sauce) and Garlic Naan. Love everything we ordered. Server are very friendly and helpful. Worth 5 stars.
This restaurant to me is the best indian cuisine . Food is delicious service & presentation is great! and the restaurant is very elegant . Everything is just Awesome!   The only thing that suck is the I move from Williamsburg BK to the Bronx. But we still drive to eat here delicious Indian food!!!
The whole experience was absolutely terrible despite the reviews. First of all, the place was not clean. One could immediately smell that upon entering the restaurant. The AC was not running and it was in July! We ordered Paneer Tiki Masala, and I swear they used ketchup instead of tomato yogurt curry sauce. We couldn't to wait to leave. I won't be ever going back there.
This is it! Excellent food! Awesome atmosphere!Very friendly service! That's it, what are you waiting for! Get here and right your own damn review ;)
Great food good friendly service! Try the tandoori shrimp!!!! And the lamb and naan is delicious.
Excellent good and very reasonable prices.  I would definitely recommend the biryani and the CTM. Glad we found this place!  Oh, another good thing is that it is not too loud (granny likes to be able to have a conversation while eating!).
Have lived in the neighborhood for a couple of years, and was extremely excited to see an Indian joint in the neighborhood.The place itself is very fancy/comfortable, with very reasonable prices. Ate there tonight and the food and service really exceeded my expectations. The service was wonderfully accommodating (they even offered to go grab wine on my behalf when they told me they were BYOB for now). Any substitutions I asked for were made with ease. (e.g., I asked for tomatoes instead of tomato rice, and they first asked if I would like them fresh or grilled, and when I got them they were sliced and spiced beautifully). My boyfriend ordered the Aloo Gobi, and it was fantastic--the cauliflower was not soggy at all. Very impressed. Even their free appetizer is better than most Indian food I've had in the city. The tomato sauce was amazing. Our bill came out to under $30, but we tipped them over 30% because the service and food was so great. Definitely make a visit!
I've been searching for decent Indian food to come to Brooklyn. This is not only decent, this is downright delicious! Actual flavor in the tikka masala, leaves the right amount of burn. I ordered the chicken tikka masala special for delivery. It came quickly and still warm on a cold wintry evening-perfect for Indian takeout at home. I've very happy that Mahal Kita has come to Williamsburg and I look forward to trying for of their dishes!!
I love Indian food, so I've tried it many different places and this is definitely one of the best I've had so far.  Food was great, spiced well and even had some new dishes I haven't seen before.  I really liked the Chana Masala and this shredded friend okra I can't remember the name of was amazing.  Staff was very friendly and helpful and the décor is gorgeous.  Definitely check this place out!
This was our second time here and the food was amazing both times.  The service was also amazing.   Finally there's great Indian food in Williamsburg.
The portions for the yellow daal and roti were FAR too small for the price. More importantly, this simple daal dish lacked the taste and spice that a traditional Indian daal should have. It seems as though the meat dishes may be good here, but based on my order I was very disappointed by the flavor and value that I was presented with.
DELICIOUS food, EXCELLENT service and a really RELAXED environment. Really impressed with this place. Keep up the good work!
Well I can't speak to the food because I'm still waiting on it but 10 minutes after the latest end of my delivery window I called to ask the status of my order. They were quite rude and informed me it would probably be another 10-15 - oh and she took another call in the middle of telling me this. Every other place in this neighborhood has faster delivery so avoid this one.
fantastic indian food in the neighborhood. flavorful and good sized portions. delivery is very quick and delicious.
This place is great. I've only ordered once, but it was far better than anything in my old neighborhood. It's definitely going to become a take out staple for me.
The food was absolutely delicious and moderately priced too! I've eaten a lot of indian food in the city and this is definitely one of my favorites.
I was motivated to create a YELP account for this place.  I love indian more than the average lady and we strayed from our usual indian BYOB place nearby to try Mahal Kita.  I'm so glad we did! The food was amazing.  They brought us this little lentil soup amuse bouche, which may have been one of my favorite items of the night.  We also ordered a vegetable dish and lamb dish - both fantastic.  It didnt hurt that it was BYOB - but not for long they say, so hurry there before they get their license. We'll definitely be back even when they do get it.Only thing preventing me from making this 5 stars - turn up the heat a little, please! I almost draped my parka over my shoulders during the meal.
The best Indian I've ever had. Everything we ate was so flavorful and perfect.  Our waiter and the rest of he staff was very friendly and super helpful when I told them we were vegan and vegetarian. If you're in the area...just go!
Finally, a real Indian restaurant in North Brooklyn! Great food, amazing service, built and designed like a restaurant, not thrown together like most other places I've seen. There is a reason most other Indian places close or are often "under new management" especially in Greenpoint. This place is worth it, and priced very cheap.
We went there tonight after seeing Mahal Kita as number one Indian spot in Brooklyn in a recent Yelp email.  As we approached the restaurant, we almost turned away as it was empty except for one other table.  I am so glad we didn't. The food was amazing. I used to live in London and have craved finding a good Indian restaurant in NYC.  I tried quite a few always in hope and this one is the best, hands down.  The food is fresh, non-greasy, flavorful, nicely spiced.  It's brilliant.  Am posting the review because it deserves to be successful.  And a great ambience and service too!  Will definitely be back.
amazing delic food and feels very authentic.  Incredibly polite and friendly customer service - at least when you are delivering.  Best Indian in a long time that I've had
Good authentic Indian food, needs alcohol license though and hopefully will get busier. Music choice could also be more appropriate. Staff very friendly and genuine.
I had a wonderful meal here and I wish it were in the neighborhood I live in.  I had chicken vindaloo- perfect amount of heat for me- that is, a lot without being too hot to eat.  Delicious flavors.  The bread was terrific.  Overall the meal was really satisfying.  The staff couldn't be nicer.  Just about everyone working there made a point of saying hello and inquiring about my dining experience.  It is a comfortable place to be and the quality of the food is excellent.  I will definitely go back.
Best Indian Food in Brooklyn! The service was outstanding. These men at this restaurant really know how to make your dining experience awesome. Food is clean, and comes out hot and quick.  They deliver too! And should be speedy if they are not slammed. When I dined in the restaurant they had a to go every couple of minutes called in.
Ugh. I had a serious hankerin' for some Indian food the other night, and this was the closest place with decent reviews. Now, for the record, I am Indian, and I grew up eating delicious home-cooked Indian food, so I know my way around it.  This place was pretty much the worst Indian I've had. Like, ever. As in, it is a total disgrace that they charge as much as they do for this slop. The sauces tasted like something they got out of a microwaved TV dinner, and absolutely did not taste like they'd been cooked there. We ordered a lamb dish and a chicken dish, and it was clear that neither of the meats had actually been cooked in their respective sauces, as you could see the little holes in the meat made by a skewer. Obviously they had pre-cooked their meat on skewers and then heated up some awful sauce from a can or TV dinner, and tossed the meat in as an afterthought. No wonder our food came out literally less than five minutes after we ordered it. Lastly, any restaurant wanting to call itself "Indian" should know what a masala tea is, and should be able to make it properly, in the Indian style. It's a basic component of Indian cuisine! It would be like ordering a mango lassi and having them tell you that they have no idea what that is. Well, I asked for a masala tea and was served one of those crap tea-bag "masala teas" that never, ever tastes right.  Shame on you, Mahal Kita.
Visiting from houston and just stumbled into this place while walking around and very glad we did. The portions were perfect. Not too little and not huge (I prefer not to over eat). The food was very flavorful. Also the decor is nice and the chairs are very comfortable. I wish the place wasn't across the country for me.
Amazing food! Best Indian food I've had in NY. Great service and atmosphere too! Love the 25% off lunch special discount too!
Mahal Kita is the best Indian restaurant of U.S in my opinion and the food taste like the actual Indian food of original India. The restaurant is brand new and the decor is beautiful, clean and tidy. The price is good and affordable in compared to other indian restaurants in New York. I recommend hydrabadi biriyani which is one of my favorite dish at Mahal Kita.
I've eaten here a few times now. Since it's new the place is often empty but hopefully more people trickle in soon. The staff here are so sweet and helpful and the food is always delicious. I love the malai kofta and the poori is always hot and fresh. The discount they're offering for lunch and dinner is fantastic so definitely check it out ASAP.
Came here to have dinner for my brothers birthday and we loved the atmosphere and the food. The mixed grilled tandoori was delicious. The shrimp biryani was made as spicy as I wanted, it was Perfect!!!! .. Manager was courteous, definitely will go again.
After my first visit this weekend, I just found my favorite BYOB Indian spot in town. The menu selection and descriptions were on point. I definitely recommend the tandoori grill mix, goat biryani, butter chicken and mango lassi. The heat was just right and not too spicy the way I like it. The ambiance had a modern romantic feel which was perfect for a first date. The service was quick and friendly and the manager did stop by to check on the service. Definitely a place going above and beyond for there clients.
Wonderful ambiance,  comfortable seating and quaint lighting,  great staff (friendly and pleasant and more importantly amazing food!  Definite high point during our visit with our son!
Great East Indian eats!! It was clean, the service was friendly and hospitable. We had some questions about the food but the staff tried and help us understand, ever so sweet. The food came in great portions and quite tasty. Although the roti seemed to be short changed in size. All in all everything was tasty and good.
This place had good reviews but after trying a chicken Tikka where ketchup is the main ingredient I was so disappointed. I can taste good never-frozen chicken and the white rice was good, but the sauce was a sin.
what a surprise. Mahal Kita was great. All the staff was friendly and attentive. The food was great and the price was honestly the most reasonable bill we've EVER paid in NYC. We honestly felt bad leaving with the great service and food we had received and paying so little. We got the garlic naan, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala. All was great and more than we could finish.This is def our new secret gem. It is BYOB, but they didnt charge anything for a corking fee. We saw other tables bringing 6 packs. End of story. this place is great.
Wow - what a find! We love Indian food and I must say that Mahal Kita serves exceptionally tasty, high quality Indian cuisine.The samosas were perfect and the tamarind sauce was a great compliment. The shrimp curry, Malbar salmon, naan and raita were all incredibly delicious. Want Indian food done right? This is the place - great food and great service!!
We walked from Astoria to Williamsburg thinking we'd eat at one of the hipster-run restaurants, or that perhaps we'd find a cat cafe, but most of the places we checked out along Bedford Avenue were uninspiring or way too loud for my boyfriend (he's like a 90 yo grandma when it comes to noise levels). At some point, we decided to check out a restaurant on Havemeyer, but it was packed, so we decided to check out restaurants nearby, and that's how we were lucky enough to find Mahal Kita. The restaurant employees were very friendly and helpful, and the food was outstanding. I can say that, without a doubt, the lamb biryani was the best I've ever had; the lamb wasn't overly fatty and the flavors of the biryani itself was perfection. To make things even better, the prices are reasonable and the restaurant is BYOB to boot. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect evening.
I love Mahal Kita! Everyone is so sweet and they really go out of their way to make you fall in love with their restaurant.The food is the ultimate comfort food. You must try the Goan Salmon- mmmmm mmmm God! Compliments to the chef- Tom. I will definitely be back soon! Sultan and Tom, you're the best
Kindest staff! They honored the free naan even though I picked up :) DELICIOUS chicken tikki masala! Hidden gem in South Williamsburg!! Right of the JMZ train & smells amazing inside. Decor is intimate and creative- definitely coming back!!!
I don't understand why this place has 4.5 stars. This is one of the worst indian restaurants i have been to in New York. I would rather go to an indian deli than going to this fine dine place. We ordered butter chicken and dal makhani with rotis and mint parantha. The butter chicken was basically tomato puree heated up with small pieces of chicken added to it. And the dal was so bland that we had to ask for salt and green chilies. The service was OK. I complained to the server that the food was not good and he said he will bring it up with the chef
Think TV dinner quality Indian Food. We ordered on Seamless, as I remembered ordering from here in the past, and thought it was decent. Big mistake. When I opened our container of Sag Paneer, I could immediately see that the top layer of spinach was darkened and stiff, like food that had been prepackaged and left sitting out all day. Once we tasted it, not only was it was flavorless, it was unmistakably rotten. The chutneys were not good. Poori seemed like it was the quality of a frozen, reheated product, and not fresh. The Chicken Tikka Masala was also really disappointing. Thin sauce, overly vinegary and the chicken was hard and overcooked. The management was nice enough to offer to deliver us anything we wanted from the menu to replace the rotten Sag Paneer, and so we got the Butter Chicken, which tasted basically identical to the Tikka Masala. The sauce was essentially an Indian marinara sauce. Not proper, high quality curry. Just not worth it. I've had much better quality Indian delivery in the neighborhood!
Anyone looking for good quality Indian food,definitely needs to come here. Was not expecting such supreme quality. Food- to start we had the samosas whichever ere great and then garlic naan, tikki masala chicken and the lamb vandoo as well as one of the vegetarian options. Everything was incredibly satisfying and the meat was tender;especially the lamb. Service- made you feel right at home and cared for unlike many other pretentious Williamsburg hipster places. Overall it was a spot that I look forward to returning to!
Very nice ambiance with polite waiters who are always checking in with you. All in all a really nice place to come for dinner, the decor is soothing and they have relaxing music on. The food is good, though personally I LOVE really really spicy food and some dishes came out not spicy enough for me, I think that is my personally preference and also something you'd could easily request for while ordering. But great taste and lovely people. Highly recommend this place.
The place is perfect dinner for couple, i love the ambience!Me and my bf came here to find out if they serve a fusion of filipino and indian cuisine. Since the name of it is in tagalog/filipino - "Mahal Kita" stands for I love you... it turned out not. Lol. But i will give the 5 stars for an A EXCELLENT SERVICE, the server is very attentive...Their cauliflower manchurian, crab curry and cheese naan are amazingGGG!And also that complimentery crispy bread with trio sauce are A plus!
Got here an hour before closing and literally had the place to ourselves. No cork fee . Food was great too. I highly recommend the cauliflower appetizer.
I lived around the corner from Mahal Kita a few years ago, I used to order from here like once a week. I loved it. Sadly, it has gone WAY downhill. The saag paneer, which used to be my go-to, was basically inedible, and even the rice was bland and unseasoned. Most bizarrely, the waiter asked me if I liked daal when I finished ordering, to which I confusedly answered yes, and he said "one order of daal, then?" I again said yes, confused and thinking he was offering it as a complimentary side, but they charged us for it! It's not a huge deal - and the daal (which was decent) was actually probably the best part of the meal - but it was weird and sort of not cool. Once we got the food, our waiter never checked in - although I barely touched my food, he never asked me if it was ok, or if I wanted a box (I'm pretty sure he could tell I did not, but still). I've noticed that they've had a bunch of deals on yelp, but if they want to do better business, they need to get their quality back to where it was, not offer deals! Sadly, cannot recommend.
I was there with my daughter, the food was delicious, the service was great and the price very reasonable.I will go back with my husband.
Great food. Amazing service. BYOB. And they give u 25% off for mentioning Yelp. Def worth a visit!
Great quality Indian food with a menu that should be familiar. The service is amazing and they usually have a deal going for 20% off any dine-in meal.
Found this place on yelp. I went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet but the atmosphere was really nice. I like the decorations. The waiter was super friendly, he made sure everything went well for us. We had a party of 4, we ordered the combination platter, lamb korma, roti, samosas, tandoori mixed grilled, and chicken mahal kita. We also got garlic nann for checking in and a complimentary dish, we were all really stuffed at the end of the night. The combination platter and the tandoori mixed grilled looked the same to me but the combination platter is a bit smaller. My favorite was lamb korma, it came with rice and it was on point. I would definitely come back here again.
Excellent service, excellent food! Take out is just as good as eating in. One of my favorite Indian and Bengali restaurants in the city, certainly the best in the neighborhood.
We are regulars here and will keep going. The saag paneer and the Chana masala are our go-to dishes. The naan is usually pretty good and I like that food is not overly creamy or oily. Only reason am giving a 4 is their spice balance is not always on par. Not enough spice when you ask for it, so sometimes too much cumin, less salt. And service is so soOn the decor  i do wish they would change some of their light fittings and chairs. It's all a bit mismatched.
I love this place! Super fast delivery and the food is delicious. I've tried a few Indian restaurants in Brooklyn and this, by far, has been my favorite. Some of my go-tos would include the Chicken Tikka (a lot creamier than the ones I'm used to, but trust me, it's DIIIIVINE), Garlic Naan, Samosas, and their Combo Platter (which includes a little bit of everything - which is perfect for someone like me who never knows what to order)... BUT the Combo Platter does not come with rice, so you'll have to order a side of rice to eat with all the meat. I usually order their Basmati Brown Rice - sticky and sweet!
Super fast delivery. This is my go to Indian place in Williamsburg. I always get the combo with the samosa and chicken tikka masala! YUM! I always add on garlic naan to dip in the delicious tikka sauce.
The food is amazing The service is great I had the mango lassiShrimp curry an garlic an plan naan amazing Totally out of this worldThe ambiance is amazing
As per usual at any Indian restaurant, I ordered a Mango Lassi drink. Since my friend frequents the restaurant, we got our drinks for free which was an unexpected and gracious gesture. The Mango Lassi was tasty, refreshing and not too sweet.I chose the marinated rack of lamb with potatoes and peppers for my main course, which was delicious. The lamb was juicy, succulent, full of flavor in a delectable sauce and was slightly charred which is the way I like my meat. The medley of vegetables in an orange sauce was quite wonderful and paired with the lamb well, giving it an extra layer of flavor.The meal at Mahal Kita was wonderful, the service attentive and they had a 20% off dine in special!
I hate to give them a bad review because they were very nice, but this was just so wrong and not worth the price. This is seriously not what Indian food should taste like. They skimped out on flavor and didn't add the necessary spices.
Ahhh, what a nice dining experience. Sure, you'll come here for the BYOB policy, but you'll find that the food is quite delicious, and the atmosphere very comfortable  as well! A suitable spot for a romantic outing with your companion of choice, or even a rowdy outing with "the boys", this warm restaurant will invite you in and keep you satisfied as long as you'd like. The dishes come drenched in hearty, rich, spice filled sauces. If you're looking for a great Indian dine-in experience, this is your spot. Enjoy!
Ok so this review is a month and a half late but here it is. One random Wednesday night my friend and I were looking for dinner spot. We wanted to catch up and eat well. While riding by we saw the beautiful LED lights shining from Mahal Kita's awning & decided to give it a shot. When we first walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by the decor. It was tasteful with just a bit of extravagance. Right up our alley. Mahogany plush furniture with gold accents and soft candle lit lighting. It immediately altered our mood to relaxed. The music was complied of some chill indian tunes and soul Hip -Hop. We were able to hear ourselves speak which was great. Our waiter who greeted us as soon as we sat down was very kind and attentive. He let us know that their liquor license was still in the works but was willing to run to the store and get us whatever we'd like. We made a request and he did just that. In the meantime we snacked on flavored naan & in no time he was back! The food was AMAZING!!! I'll post pictures. My favorite was the Chicken Saagwala. It was sautéed chicken with fresh spinach. Delicious and I didn't fell like I was cheating on my necessary diet lol. There was a couple there that brought their own bottle. Our waiter let us know that the next time we came we were welcome to do the same. We love a BYOB spot. The service was great!!! We closed the restaurant & ended up talking to our waiter about everything from our origins to the decor. It was a perfect night. My friend's birthday is this week. I believe I'll host her dinner there. I expect it to be a lovely time. It's definitely a wonderful experience.
I decided to host my birthday dinner here with a party of 15. I made the reservation online and called the day before to confirm. When I saw the prix fixe on the online menu I was under the impression it was for either eat in or take-out but upon arrival I found out it was for take out only. They should really do a better job of clarifying that on the menu. It wasn't a problem though but it would have simplified paying the bill if they did.There was one other medium sized table having dinner when we arrived but aside from that we had the place to ourselves and took up the longer table in the back. It's a small place so there's only one bathroom. It was rather warm in there shortly after we placed our orders because the kitchen was working hard on preparing our meals. Everyone seemed happy with the place.I requested an item that was not listed on the menu (shrimp korma) and they happily made it for me. It was served along with basamati rice, and sauces, and papadom. I also ordered some cheese nan and samosas. My husband ordered the combination platter and the friend sitting closest to be ordered saag paneer and let me try some. The shrimp korma was great, very creamy and thick sauce with a slight hint of sweetness and several textures including crunchy almonds, and garlic, and ginger. The saag paneer was surprisingly spicy here. Whenever I've had it at other restaurants it was pretty mild. The samosas were crisp and well flavored without the gritty spices. I don't like it when restaurants use un-ground spices in these. The naan was excellent and the coconut flavor was very present and it had a buttery melt in your mouth consistency with slices almond and golden raisins inside. The cheese naan was also good but I think I liked the other one more.It's byob here still for now until they get their liquor license but they provided glasses for our wine, and opened our bottles for us as well. There is a liquor store about a block away also so it's really quick and easy to grab a bottle of whatever you like on your way here. While I can't speak for everyone's meal I didn't hear any complaints. They also allowed a few people at the table break into separate checks on multiple cards which is cool of them because most restaurants get annoyed by that. When the bill came I was actually shocked that they did not include gratuity for a table so large. We tipped them generously either way as the service was great. The only thing that bothered me was all of our food did not come out at the same time but it's understandable since it's a small place serving such a large table. We all sat and chatted and enjoyed our drinks in the meantime. I think I made a decent choice to celebrate my birthday here. I will likely return but probably with a slightly smaller group next time.
Came to this location on a quiet Sunday afternoon needless to say the food was amazing and the ambience is beautiful. I am an individual who was accustomed to only visiting one Indian restaurant in all of Brooklyn and at first I did not know how to feel about trying a new place but now I can truthfully say this is my new location of choice for Indian food the customer service was impeccable and I can't wait to come back again.
I usually order out form this place and their quality has been consistently good. The lunch special is quite good and priced around 10
This place has very good variety of Indian food and the different shrimps was very good! The atmosphere was good itself and the people were very nice!
Mahal Kita is my go-to Indian spot in this neighborhood. The fact that they deliver is just the icing on the cake. Anytime I'm craving Indian food, I take my friends here or order in delivery on cold nights. FOOD:Shrimp Tandoori: If this has been on other menus of Indian restaurants, then I haven't noticed it. I was really surprised to see it here but I was craving a seafood dish so we ordered this. IT WAS INCREDIBLE. Perfectly seasoned and cooked just right. It was nice to balance out some of our spicy curries with this dry dish. The jumbo shrimp made this a huge portion for sharing. Highly recommend. Palak Paneer: This is a staple dish that you must get when you go here. It's truely the freshest version of palak paneer I've ever tasted - it feels like they used fresh spinach instead of frozen which is a pretty rare find. I usually ask to get it medium spicy so it has a bit of a kick to it, but it tastes extremely healthy, while still maintaining a lovely flavor. Wonderful dish to pair with spicy curries. Chicken Vindaloo: I love this curry dish at Mahal Kita - it's exactly what I want of it - spicy and comforting. The chicken is tender and succulent and the curry pairs beautifully with naan and basmati rice. Chicken Tikka Masala: This is the only thing I've had here that I wasn't thrilled about. We only ordered it because we had friends at the table that weren't too keen on spicy curries. However, the flavor profile is oddly sweet and perhaps a little too reliant on tomato sauce. It's not my favorite version of this but it's not bad. Just not really my preference. CONCLUSION: Definitely order delivery from Mahal Kita and try to be risky with your choices - it seems they fare better with the more authentic dishes. If you dine in, remember that it's BYOB!
Best indian food in williamsburg hands down!! Nice cozy spot to chill out and enjoy some great food. Oh and BOYB!!
I honestly do not understand how Mahal Kita has four and a half stars. My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night and it was nearly empty. After a few minutes, we were eventually seated at a table, which was covered in dust. The waiting game continued, as it took maybe five minutes for the waiter to give us a menu. We ordered an appetizer, onion bhujia, which was microwaved and promptly brought to us. I ordered saag paneer, which must have been the most flavorless saag paneer I have ever had. Something was definitely off about it - it lacked creaminess and spice. My poor boyfriend made the mistake of ordering the chicken makhani. I kid you not, the sauce tasted like ketchup. Like I wouldn't be shocked if they actually used ketchup or Ragu to make that foul sauce. However, it wouldn't be fair to say that it was all bad. The rice and parantha were pretty decent, hence the two stars. The only reason we went to Mahal Kita was because we had a Groupon, but I honestly do not think it is even worth it. You will leave feeling disappointed.
I must agree with what everyone is saying.The delivery was so out of this world, it's made me rethink my decision to move out of Williamsburg 6 years ago.I used to think I had to venture to Queens or the East Village for great Indian.  I can't wait to go here in person.
I love love this place! My favorite Indian in Brooklyn, especially Williamsburg. The paneer tikka masala, saag paneer, garlic naan, and samosa are great. The rice is perfect and fluffy, food is flavorful with generous portions, and staff are very attentive, with fast service. Highly recommend!
The rack of lambs was delicious and the chicken tikka was fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is very nice and cosy. The service was spot on, definitely recommend.
This place!!!! Anyone who gives it a bad review is simply insane. I discovered this place on seamless. To say I am into food is an understatement. I have high expectations for literally everything I eat. This is hands down the best Indian food I have ever eaten for delivery in NYC. You can tell that they provide the best ingredients, you can taste it. Everything is so fresh.My two favorites-I particularly liked the chicken tikka masala, the chicken was so tender, not overcooked or hard like other dishes I have had elsewhere, the flavors are perfect, not too spicy and the perfect blend of yogurt. You can tell they know what they are doing. Sometimes chicken tikka masala is overcooked and the chicken gets dry, breaks apartment and clumps into the sauce this place has it down! The chicken is moist, fresh, and the sauce is deliciously perfect.-Lamb Vindaloo. Wow! Not too spicy but not bland (I like a little spice) the lamb was also super tender. I felt like it was made 30 min before it landed in my mouth. The flavors here are also excellent.I live in Greenpoint and got my food in under 30 min. I have ordered here twice in a row now and finished every bite. It is worth the price! I really can't say enough good things. I will be ordering here again and again.
Thank you guys so so so much, Super awesome experience. Sultan was super attentive and took care of all the tables around us. Very friendly staff, come here and you will go home very happy(and full). We will definitely be back!!!
First of all, I am posting this review even if I did not receive a 25% discount for mentioning Yelp. I came across Mahal Kita Indian restaurant through a Yelp search.  Thank you, Yelp. At first, I thought the owner might be Filipino. Mahal Kita means "I Love You" in Tagalog.We arrived at the restaurant around 8:30 pm on Thursday. We were warmly greeted by Sultan, the owner. Sultan was charming, attentive and went out of his way to deliver an excellent dining experience. He personally waited on us during our entire meal. We received complimentary appetizer Papadum with three chutneys. We're off to a good start. Every single dish that came out of their kitchen was amazing. The Combination Platter appetizer had perfect texture and was beautifully presented. For our main course, the Tandoori Mixed Grill was top notch- done to perfection and generous in quantity. Lamb Saagwala had just the right amount of spice. Garlic Naan and Basmati rice was included. The Garlic Naan blew me away! Never had Naan like this before- not too starchy, just the right amount of fluff and wonderful garlic flavor.Folks, even without the aforementioned complimentary sides, BYOB and the Yelp discount, I unconditionally and independently HIGHLY RECOMMEND Mahal Kita Indian restaurant.  Sultan is truly one in a million - he is the role model of how restaurant owners should run their business. Thank you so much, Sultan.
Loved it. Friends service and great suggestions. The food was of great quality and made me want to do a little dance. I'm from Texas and I will definitely stop here for dinner next time I'm in NY
It's a pretty good Indian place! The ambience is relaxing. There is soft music playing and candles on the table. The chicken yogurt tomato curry is on point, maybe a little too sweet. It's good with rice. The naan is average. Very good service though!! But overall it's a good experience.
We had a really good time here! The naans were great we ordered more. The waiters were really really nice, & super friendly!
This little gem is fenomenal! They service is amazing and friendly. And the food is very exquisite. I am coming back for sure. Must try the Chicken Tika Masala!!
Would give four and a half stars if I could. Really tasty eats and very friendly service. Be sure to take advantage of the Yelp deal for 25% off and free garlic naan. Could do without the club music though!
This is one of our favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. The staff are warm, inviting, and ready to accommodate, and the food is top notch (the Chana saag is a personal favorite). We can't recommend this place enough. Give it a try, and you'll be glad you did!
It's pretty good. I went to the restaurant during lunch time so that I got a discounted price. It was so nice to have a good food with a small money. And kind server, good mood. Everything is good!
Best Indian food EVER!!!!! Just stumbled upon this gem and I will definitely be back soon. The manager Sultan is the nicest and if you mention Yelp, they give you free naan. Sultan- you da bomb.
OVERVIEW: A classy rustic restaurant run by owner Tom. The cuisine is Indian with a Bangladesh twist to it. Meals are very filling and best for dinner or a late night delivery. There's a reason why almost everyone loves Indian food. It is the ultimate comfort food... but only if the service, experience, and quality is there.AMBIENCE: Classic and rustic as if you stepped back in time to a Indian restaurant in 1980 New Delhi. Dress attire is casual and you don't feel underdressed.4/5MENU: A very extensive menu ranging from vegan all the way to seafood. I still have a ways to go because I often fold and get the Tikki Masala Chicken and garlic naan. I HIGHLY recommend this as a first dish here. I wish that the menu was smaller making it easier to decide but the experienced servers are always there assist and give their recommendations fit to your needs. I also would love to see them add drinks to their menu. I am forgiving of this fact as they ARE currently in the process of getting a liquor license and being New York, it's often long and arduous obtaining one.4/5QUALITY: Quality is a big thing for me. Having been spoiled with foods and the high standards of French cuisine while having amazing culinary hotspots in cities like Vancouver so nearby, it's very easy to keep your standards high. I ordered the Tikki Masala Chicken with white rice and garlic naan. I had a side of water and a Mango Lassi. The chicken was very tender. The tomato curry sauce was rich, creamy and full of flavour. Layer this over the Indian style long grain rice and every bite takes you back to India, inside a small rundown restaurant with home cooked food made my an older mom like chef with years of experience and her love of cooking. The garlic naan was fresh and even in the garlic flavouring. Often times I find garlic naan in general has way too much garlic. Mango lassi was fantastic. It really took me back to my last trip to India.5/5WAIT-TIME: Often times meals take a long time. Other times it takes a short time. Quality affected all along this plane. My meal was prepped and made within 5 minutes. I went at 17:00 which is around the time a lot of orders are coming in through Grubhub for delivery as well as pickup. Very quick work with top quality. My complements to the chef and kitchen staff.5/5PRICE: I am quite happy with the pricing of the food here. I have no complaints.4.5/5THOUGHTS: Places like these are a hidden gem made so much better by the hardworking dedication of the owner. For me, I've found my Indian spot and will be hard pressed to even bother going elsewhere. Thank you to everyone who serviced me and to Tom for his consistent and hard work allowing people like me to enjoy and come back many times. I look forward to your new restaurant opening next month!FINAL SCORE: 4.5/5 | ALMOST PERFECT
"4.5 stars!? Are you F***ing kidding me!!?" Literally my first response upon checking out yelp for this place after my first and last meal here. To call it INDIAN food is simply a mistake. Let's call it Indian-format Italian food. My wife and I had the two most popular dishes as reported by seamless: chicken tikka & saag paneer. Each part of a $15 prix fixe. Bland. Flavorless. Mostly odorless (this is not a good sign for indian grub). How this spot is rating so highly is truly baffling. In fact, it gives me pause about yelp in general. Seriously, what is wrong with these other reviews? It makes absolutely no sense. I want to give it 1 star but fear that many will dismiss the review as one posted out of spite. I am not spiteful, but this place just ain't good. I should have known... Indian will just never happen in Williamsburg.
This was my first order from Mahal Kita. I ordered the Chana Saag and my boyfriend got the Chicken Vindaloo to go. We both enjoy spicy food and the spice and flavor were definitely there. I also was able to get the free garlic naan by mentioning Yelp. I was really happy the food came with tamarind and mango chutnies. I will definitely order from here again!
I've been coming here for years and it's always been an amazing experience. The food is A+ and the service is unmatched. The non veg combo platter is on the money and their garlic naan is fire. Highly recommended and a great place to come for a date and/or with family!
I gave Mahal Kita a shot because it was the highest rated Indian restaurant within my delivery zone, and the restaurant was offering 20% on Seamless. I'm really glad I did. My order arrived in a timely manner and was still hot.The prix fix special is an excellent value. I got coconut naan, the Barrah Kebab (marinated diced lamb) appetizer, and the chicken tikka masala. The tikka masala is a creamy, tomato based curry, perfect for those who like strong flavors without extreme spice. There were plenty of large, tender chicken chunks in my order. The included yogurt sauce, mango chutney, and green mint sauce are delish for dipping the naan. All in all, a very satisfying meal for a Saturday night in!
Our 1st experience was walking-in. We were very well welcomed and got a great table.We had the samosas , naans, daal then Sag Panneer and two other chicken dishes.Of course, we tried the Lassi and I got the rose one.I liked it a lot. We asked for a bit more rice and they gave it right away at no charge.It was very pleasant.The 2nd experience was for a delivery. I have to say that I was a little nervous when I came across some of reviews for the delivery. Well, I have to say it was a 5 stars delivery. It was for a small birthday with about 14 guests and my husband and I thought to order a bit for everyone. We had vegetarian guests, guests eating fish only and other guests not eating spicy. So they had the perfect menu for this! When I placed the order the day before , the manager was nice and understood the idea so he even suggested some dishes instead of , so everyone would be pleased. We ordered as well 2 baskets of Naans. Nothing was left over ! It was delivered perfectly on time , hot with a lot of everything. I got the chance to try the lamb. It was really tasty , tender and great with the sauce.Everyone was happy and everyone thought it was good. I personally loved it. Next time I'll go sitting again in the restaurant and will make sure to have the coconut naan as well (or to take it to-go to have it with butter).
I am elated to come by this Indian restaurant... All cuisines are perfect for my taste. I recommend go on groups or dates.This will be a place for endearment and happy chatting with your date or your workmates maybe. FOODS are truly delicious here.Simply another Asian restaurant which caught my attention.
I read the bad reviews and I'm not sure where they're coming from so far. I haven't yet been to a better indian restaurant in Brooklyn.My boyfriend and I have been here over 5x and each time it's been excellent. The veg jalfrezi, malai kofta, aloo gobi, tandoor meats, samosas and chutneys are all completely delicious. The food is perfectly spiced, including the chutneys - not too soupy or syrupy. The food comes quickly, but doesn't taste like it was cooked yesterday. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive (without being so attentive that you wish they would stop checking in). For example, nearly every indian restaurant I've been to has microscopic glasses and I am constantly wondering why mine is empty, but not this one.
Really disappointing. What's up with the high reviews?!? Excited at the novel prospect of good Indian food in our neighborhood, the Mister and I ordered delivery on a cold Friday night. I figured since this place was new to us, we ought to stick to the popular dishes - so he ordered Saag Paneer (pretty much we he always has) and I had the Chicken Tikka. Well, at least it arrived promptly. That's about it for the good news. Both dishes were incredibly bland. Neither had enough fat or seasoning. I can't even tolerate spicy food, but my tikka just tasted like watery marinara sauce, and the saag paneer tasted like cream of spinach without enough cream. Even the appetizers (a samosa and some kind aloo) were flavorless. The food was so wrong we kept imagining possible  scenarios in the Mahal kitchen...did the chef fall ill and the busboy had to take over? Did they run out of ingredients because of snowstorm Juno? What HAPPENED? I have to believe the users posting great reviews simply had different food than I had tonight. Too bad, I was hoping for a new local Indian place I could rely on!
Came here for an early dinner. First time trying here and got the chicken tikka masala. So yummy and delicious. Thanks for the wonderful service. I had such a great dinner and would definitely come back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Very solid place local spot for authentic indian food. The place is sometimes awkwardly empty but don't let that fool you. The food is delicious and BYOB is awesome. Try the peanut chicken and the coconut curry with a bottle of your fav wine :)
I'm very glad to have found this restaurant in the neighborhood. I love Indian food and this place is solid: great food, nice decor, attentive service. Last night we went there for the first time and tried: paneer tikka, chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, and garlic naan. All dishes were fresh and very tasty. So much indeed that we were craving for more today and ordered delivery. Just as good.We also had a chat with the chef who was very friendly, open, and clearly talented.We'll be coming back for sure!
Ok...well we had wished for 5 stars but Caffe Delhi in Denville reigns king! Mahal Kita has pleasant food. However, it is the most beautiful environment (even better than Dawat on the upper east side)of all of our favorite places in the tri state area! It still is a miracle on S3rd st and the best Indian in Williamsburg but they need to work harder and improve the recipes to earn us as regulars! Caffe Delhi Denville 5 starsCoriander 4-1/2 starsDawat,NYC 4 starsMitali ,NYC 3.8 starsBalushi,NYC 3.5 starsHaveli,NYC 2 starsHope this helps!
Nothing but a fantastic experience. Not only was the food unreal, but the guys working there make it that much better. And BYOB.
I'm a long time South Williamsburg office dweller - over ten years.  As such, I'm always on the lookout for new lunch options.When I saw a new Indian place pop-up, I was intrigued. I strolled by in their first week to check out the menu.  Entrees are going for $10 to $12+...that's the outer limit of lunch budget.  Walking by today, I saw the 50% off lunch sign.  I was sold on their promotion. Inside, the place feels a little formal.  Or, at least, that's the vibe they are striving for.I ordered some sort of yellow curry with veggie balls. and rice  The food came out pretty quick.  It was quite tasty, although I could have done with a little more heat.  The naan was excellent.  Total was ~$7.50.  If the owners read this...make sure to include some $6 to $8 lunch specials on the permanent menu.  At $7.50, I'll be back.
I'm stunned by the high rating; this is the first time Yelp has let me down.The restaurant was completely empty on a Tues evening, and for good reason:  (1) the service was slow, and (2) the mango lasso and chicken tikka masala were both mediocre.
My favorite restaurant in Williamsburg. Great food, great customer service! What else can you ask for. Don't forget to try the shrimp biryani. It's really good and you can specify how spicy you want it.
I have been here several times. Decent Indian food for a good price. Service is quick and polite. BYOB too which I consider a plus.
Great food, good prices, delivery is uber-fast and if you eat there, it's BYOB!
As someone who is greatly experienced in the great spicy cuisine of India, I can say this place is "Spot-on." If you're at all experienced with Indian food, then you'll be happy to know that in many ways their food is a fusion between Bengali and Indian (My opinion) - This trait itself wins 5 stars for me because I'm BORED with all the typical indian food we get in the city.My experience in the restaurant was delightful - I am currently on a paleo diet so I asked for a recommendation on what would be suited best for me and they didn't disappoint - Ended up trying some of my friends biriyani (D'OH)Now onto what I'll recommend:- Tandoori Shrimp- Lamb Chops
This place is no joke. This is my first YELP review, and normally I think fussy people have too much of a voice on this site... but this place deserves to THRIVE.  I grew up with an Indian restaurant as our family business...and the food that comes out of this kitchen is as close to perfection as I've ever seen.  It is somewhere between a mix of Indian homestyle, and restaurant-y culinary wizardry.  At the risk of blowing up my own spot (never hard to get a table), this place is BYOB and they will even chill your wine for you in their fridge while you dine.  They never miss a beat on service, have exceptional standards and care so much about your experience...it is humbling.My standouts are their Crispy Okra, their Fish Tikka, the Yellow Daal (just like mom's), the Kandari (coconut) Naan.  Saag Paneer is fantastic as well! By the way...the interior is pretty baller too... regal as all hell.  ENJOY
Really not the best Indian I have tried... Could do much better I think. Seafood was so and so and chicken too industrial. The sauce that goes with it could also be much better. The naans are kind of dry and not fresh made I believe. Please try to do better, thanks
This review is based on ordering delivery three times and going to eat in the restaurant once.  First of all, this place is never crowded, as in there's never anyone inside the restaurant.  That's normally a bad sign, but here it just makes no sense.  The food is delicious, the service is great, and they really did an impressive job on the interior decor.  It's a cute restaurant that just needs some customers, so you should go here because if they close I won't have anywhere else to order Indian food delivery.Chicken tikka masala is solid, lentils are cooked well, and the naan is great.  If you're ordering delivery it's pretty fast too.
The food was excellent, much better than other Indian places in Williamsburg. Natalia - our waitress was super nice! Very elegant place
Let me start by saying, the mango lassi is by far the most superior lassi I've ever had. Thick, creamy, to die for. I was struck by how attentive the service was, definitely left a good impression. Furthermore my friend and I thoroughly enjoyed the festive valentines decorations in March and the menagerie of light fixtures, as well as the accompaniment of Akon's first studio album. Definitely recommend 10/10 will return
Indian was never one of my favorite cuisines but I LOVED this place. Everything we had was delicious and incredibly flavorful - the coconut rice was wonderfully rich and, had I not been in mixed company, I would have definitely licked the sauce off the plate for the creamy, lamb cochin ($14). The tandoori shrimp ($16) where plump and smoky with a light coating of deeply flavorful sauce. Above all, it's restored my faith in samosas. Usually samosas ($4) are dry, flavorless pockets of starch but the ones here are deeply savory and fresh. On a side note - the delivery man there is the nicest, happiest person I've ever met. Even as he stood in yet another late spring NY snow flurry - he couldn't seem more happier to bring me my food. A+ for attitude. Also all items are 10% off when you order from their website. The generous prix fix meal ($15) includes option for starter, entree + naan, rice and sauces. Amazing value for the spread of food you get. I never crave Indian food but I definitely foresee myself craving the Indian food from this place.
We had a mango lassi, mixed vegetable pakora, malai kofta, and paneer tikka masala as well as a garlic naan, onion kulcha, and roti.Everything was excellent. I grew up on malai kofta and it, along with a few other dishes, are my barometer for a restaurant. This place met my expectations ... And I will and have returned.On top of it the people that work here are ridiculously polite, helpful, and actually friendly (I'd want to grab drinks with most of these guys).For good Indian food in Brooklyn don't miss Mahal Kita.
I'm not one to write reviews, but I had to after going to Mahal Kita. I was initially delighted with the inviting decor & ambience. My party of 4 tried a variety of appetizers and loved all of them! The Lamb Chops & Biriyani were amazing. Everything we tried was full of flavor & had just the right kick. In addition to the amazing food, the service was great. Everything came out in a timely manner and the restaurant staff was friendly and helpful in picking out a meal according to our taste & preference. With great food and outstanding service, I'll be a regular at this restaurant in no time. I highly recommend it!
MAHAL KITA is the best spot in Williamsburg where have tasty and spice Indian food. I would recommend mango Lassi to drink, samosa, garlic Naan and their main dish Vindaloo lamb. Then they are really friendly, we went on Saturday for lunch and we had the chance to talk with the young chef and waiter about Indian food.
Love the service, most specially the food. I had the Veggie Samosa as an appetizer which was very tasty, it had potatoes in it. Tamarind sauce was yummy. The Tikka Paneer was alright, it came with a red tomato based sauce and that tasted so fresh. As our entree we had the typical chicken tikka masala, you can actually taste the yogurt in it, so creamy! . Chicken was perfectly cooked. Dahi Gosht which is lamb in yogurt sauce was the best I ever had. The lamb was super tender and melt in your mouth goodness. Mango lassi was not too sweet and had a smoothie like consistency, fresh and made upon ordered. Cheese naan was good, but not the best. I will def come back here, not only because of the good food but because they are oh so friendly!
Amazing spot!! Beautifull decor, nice music the food was splendid (tikka masala ++++ ) After dinner the friendly waiter propose a shot that he made himself and as well as offering us dessert... Lovely moments here. I can't wait to come back
Alright, hold up a second. The food here was not bad, but I wasn't blown away. I owe it to the Yelp community to bring it down a peg from 5 stars. The staff and atmosphere are really nice, as someone else mentioned. But 5 stars? The best Indian food you've ever had? You drive from upstate New York to come here? Where the hell have all of you been getting Indian food from? First, the positives...the papadam, garlic naan, and rice were great, very fresh and large portions. The samosa was good. My lady got lamb stuffed chicken, which was interesting and tasty. She liked it a lot. Four stars for this dish. I got Chicken Tikka Massala, as it is a simple way to gauge a new Indian restaurant and see if I should return to try other things. I requested it as spicy as they could make it. The sauce was a watery bright red, rather than thick orange/brown. This is always a warning sign that the dish is too ketchupy--it was. I'm also a spice whore and this wasn't really that hot at all. So, yes, this place is definitely a decent option for Williamsburg, but didn't quite do it for me the way that it  seems to have for other reviewers. If you really want your whole opinion of this cuisine to change, please take a trip to Astoria to a place called Seva. No need to thank me.
I don't eat Indian food often (or ever) but I came here a few times and it has yet to disappoint. I'd give it more stars once they get a liquor license and the drinks are good.. So far good is delicious and the juice is too.. One dish wasn't so taste because it taste like chef boyarde tomato sauce (super sweet-chicken masala) and on one occasion the lassi juice was far too thick (wouldn't go through the straw).I highly recommend this place.
I have been here twice with my girlfriend. First, with a Groupon deal, the second without.The good: excellent service, really top notch; BYOB, no corking fee; nice ambiance; almost everything we have had there has been good or excellent.The bad: just one thing, the second time there my girlfriend got the saag paneer and it was abysmal; I thought she was being dramatic, so, after I finished my entree, I decided, being a fatty, that I'd finish hers; it tasted like they boiled frozen chopped spinach; I cannot call it under-spiced because I think there was no spices whatsoever.That said: we didn't complain because they were so nice, the first time was excellent, and we had two appetizers and a naan each, so we were at least satiated; I would be happy to go again.
Really good lamb vindaloo, and the service was very friendly and fast. They have a few daily specials going on and the guy was very helpful
The food was just excellent! The service is perfect too! Excellent place with nothing to complain about :)
service is great, food is great, mango lassi was so good and tastes authentic. place was pretty clean as well. only thing is that chicken wasn't that tender. everything was also definitely decently priced. definitely would come again! don't forget the 25% off offer and the free garlic naan :-)
The lamb was wonderful and the service was exceptional.  Great place for dinner.
Best Indian place in town! So neat and clean inside, love the cool lighting, and the food is very classy traditional and delicious. Service is awesome as well. This place never fails. My friends and I all love it. The lunch special is also a great deal. Don't miss it!
I've had some good Indian food before and I never expected Brooklyn to have good Indian food but this place proved me wrong! Hands down, best naan I've tried in Brooklyn so far! Doesn't compare to my number one Indian joint in Queens but running pretty close.
The waiters were so nice! Service was so good and we had a great time while we were here. Will def come back again!
The food is delicious! My friends and I went on a week night, & had the chicken mahal kita, saag paneer, & another savoury vegetable dish (that unfortunately I've forgotten the name of) - each dish came with a bowl of basmati rice, but we also ordered the aloo paratha, which was also quite tasty! The portions were great for sharing, we even had leftovers -- And the yelp deal makes this place too good to pass up! Will definitely be back.
We landed at Mahal Kita completely by accident when celebrating our friend's birthday. We meant just to have drinks but ended up also having many appetizers, punctuated by superb kindness, service, and grace by the owner and his staff. They even offered our birthday boy cake and flowers, a surprise to all of us! The food was truly DELICIOUS--we recommend in particular the naan with raisins and a few other ingredients (can't remember the name of it right now, however we will definitely be going back if only for that naan). The chairs were very comfortable, and the restaurant tastefully decorated. (Plus, BYOB, with no personal charge for bringing our own drinks.)
Excellent dining experience! Our host and servers were incredibly gracious and insightful with recommendations. This is your go-to spot for that indian cuisine you love. Couldn't recommend it more highly! The Mushroom Curry dish is probably my favorite, followed closely by the vegetable dumpling curry. The former is closer to a thing stew than what I think of as a traditional liquid-y curry, and you really get the bang for your buck in terms of meals being filling.
me and my friends came here to celebrate my birthday with dinner the other night and were completely blown away, wow... walking in, not crowded at all, many people order food for take away food.. my favorite dinner atmosphere is in dimmer lighting so I appreciate their ambiance.. byob enjoy your own wine yum.. the staff was SO friendly && filled with love and compassion, that alone is enough of a reason for me to love going somewhere and their food is tooooop notch.  we enjoyed an abundance of food and oh goodness it was all so tasty yuuum.  complementary papdum with chutneys; aloo papri was my favorite, absolutely outstanding and a perfect combination of textures; achari tandoori mushroom; goan salmon was incredible omg.. tons of rice and theeen omg they all came and sang happy birthday and brought a complementary dessert I have no idea what it was but it was sooo delicious, cardamom spiced balls of goodness yum; so happy and grateful, and absolutely cannot wait to come back!
Delicious! Food came out quickly, garlic naan was on point, chicken korma was nice and smooth (not gritty), & chicken tikka masala is always a classic. Will definitely return.
Really cute, small place great for a date or with friends.  Really great employees especially the manager. Food was excellent and will definitely be going back. We mentioned yelp and received free naan.
Boom yet again nails it for a big group. Best BYOB in BK. Lovvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee it.
We drove all the way from Long Island for my birthday dinner and I must say it was worth the trip.  I ordered the lentil soup and cauliflower manchurian and received complimentary garlic naan which were all delicious. Then came the main course: Chicken Tikka Masala and Goan Salmon, absolutely divine.  To top it off complimentary dessert which was another hit. The mango lassi was so good that I had one to go. Service and decor were both great! All in all, excellent service, intimate setting,  tasty/delicious food. Will definitely recommend and return to this wonderful restaurant!
I love this place. It is among my two favorite Indian restaurants in NYC.     The cuisine and service shine: the lentil soup was possibly the most delicious I have ever tasted, the aloo gobi was expertly seasoned, the papadam were deliciously flavorful without being greasy. The only flaw was a paneer tikka masala that was a tad overly sweet.My server, Sultan, was a sweetie.
i love this place. I was only gonna give it 4 stars at first, but then I realized there's noting negative you can say about this place; it's really awesome especially tandoori chicken was outstanding & nice decor also service was mind blowing I think you should go once
Awesome place! The chutney was amazing and the staff was so nice. Cauliflower was the best so flavorful. Samosas were food and they added an extra one because we had 4 people. Chicken vindaloo was perfect amount of spice and chicken tikka masala was delicious as well! BYOB spot and it was only $55 for 3 entrees, 2 appetizers, and 4 garlic naan!
This is my first time visiting Mahal Kita and I am very satisfied with my experience. It was quiet, because it the day before Christmas, but the chicken tikka masala was quite delicious! Also, the staff is very friendly and pleasant, especially the manager, Sultan.I would absolutely recommend Mahal Kita to anyone who's looking for an intimate spot to get a fairly priced meal!! Will visit again.Place your order over the phone for a 10% discount!
So great. We showed them Yelp and got complementary papadam, garlic naan AND 25% off. The servers are so nice and the food was incredible. I would've taken a picture but I ate it too quickly.
I come here all thetime. Recently I did takeout and went to the restaurant the next day and decided now is the time for a review.  It's wicked good. The decor is cute for friends or a date. I did the prix fixe for takeout which is appetizer+entree +naan($1 more for garlic totally worth it).  I recommend the rose lassi and Chicken Malai Kebab
FINALLY A GREAT CURRY IN WILLIAMSBURGThis place is awesome! Excellent quality meats and veg and lots of love put into the food! A little more spice (not just thermal) would be welcome, but man it's a welcome change to the area. Extremely nice owner and staff, this place is great for take out and eating in. I'm a fan of their vindaloo and my wife loves their tikka masala and mango lassisGIVE THESE PEOPLE A TRY!
Good food but not great, great service and the place is ok. Not the best Indian experience . I prefer more spicy.
Surprisingly good!  Chana masala, lentils, manchurian cauliflower thing, garlic naan,  all top notch.  (Saag paneer was a miss, but I can forgive that because it's a lame dish to order anyway.)
This place is amazing! I love the Naan! We got an awesome seat by the window right away and we had a great time eating and socializing. My sister spent two years in India so it was great to let her guide the food choices! I recommend this place big time!
I LOVE this place!! I would say, best Indian food in Brooklyn!!My boyfriend took me here on Valentine's day and it was awesome. They gave us free wine and soup at the beginning of our meal. Both were delicious, of course. The service is relatively quick and the people who work there and friendly and respectful. I can't really remember what I ordered that night, but I'm pretty sure it was vegetable korma. All I know is, it was delectable. I also don't remember what my boyfriend ate, but I do remember that he loved what he had. The naan was perfect! It was fresh and fluffy - which is what I prefer. I would highly recommend this place.
OH MY WOW  THIS IS THE BEST INDIAN I'VE EVER HAD.We order from here on special occasions (can get kind of steep/adds up quickly since the menu is pretty large). Whenever we do order it comes in a little under an hour, which is par for the course. So thrilled to finally have a great Indian spot in S. Wburg.
This is clearly a classic case of yelp rating inflation that often happens with ethnic restaurants. Sorry to be so blunt, but white people have a tendency to give rave reviews to Indian, Thai, Asian-fusion places that so often aren't deserving of such adulation. I normally wouldn't care, as I'm happy that more people are celebrating ethnic food, but in this case it really throws me off. I tried this restaurant with my bf based on its 4.5 star rating. And there is absolutely nothing amazing about it. Lamb in the combo platter was dry and stringy.  the salmon chunks were fishy tasting. The daal was watery and lacking in any nuanced spice.  How possibly can people be raving about this place ?
Dropped in on a Saturday evening and was kinda reluctant to go in because the place was empty at 6pm (and remained empty during the hour long duration of my stay). It's very unfortunate because the food is actually pretty good and the customer service is great. I really hope that the empty restaurant was a fluke because I would like to visit again one day.
The food was adequate.Upsetting that the delivery guy prevented me from closing the door to my apartment - twice - to ask for a bigger tip. I had tipped $2 on a $15 delivery - not an amazing amount, but not entirely chintzy. This felt inappropriate and made me very uncomfortable.
the food and atmosphere was great. the only thing is when there is no music on, it tends to be a mood kill in the place.the service was great and we love BYOB. we will come back.
REALLY REALLY AMAZEBALLS!! Normally indian food is not one of my favorites. I find Indian food in nyc bit crude, at times dirty, and you just wind up ordering that one dish ( chicken tikka masala ) so it can be limiting too.  I do not care if Mahal Kits is indian or what, its just awesomely delicious perfectly balanced elegant food ever. I want to kiss the chef (please never change!!!). And I get giddy at trying new things on the menu because this chef never fails everything is gosh darn delicious pleasure party in your mouth. The cauliflower appetizer needs to get an award. I wanna bathe in the  Korma sauce, its like a subtle curry spice in warm almond sauce - friggin awesome. Just go, now. Its too good.
Such amazing food. Aloo gobi was perfect, naan was great, and so was the salmon tikka. And quite possibly the friendliest wait staff in New York. I can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu. The area was missing a really high quality Indian restaurant, and this fills the void and then some. Not to be missed.
Food tastes yum and importantly, fresh. You can actually taste the individual spices -ie you ain't gettin simmered mush that's been sitting all day or over night. This is one Indian Resto where you'll want to go beyond the 2 classics. It makes me love Indian food all over again. But I don't understand the whole no alcohol allowed policy?? At least allow byob it's w'burg for gods sakes, we need a little something over the meal. And the other slightly annoying thing is the soothing 80s soft rock. Phil Collins Sussudio hasn't been cool in the burg since never.
Food was alright, not many people in the place so we got seated very quickly. Chicken Tika was very good, service was good, clean restaurant, naan was good... Waiter must of heard one of the orders wrong and gave us a different meal for one our orders. The tendori chicken was on the dry side, the basmati rice was good, and the Salmon dish was pretty good. The place is good to eat on a late Friday night.
BYOB and fantastic Indian -- doesn't get much better. That said, the food was great but the service was fantastic. My girlfriend and I had an amazing night and it was largely because our waiter was so outstanding. The cauliflower Manchurian was awesome!
It's pretty good - we had saag paneer and malai kofta - both of which had a nice deep flavor to them.  Def an improvement on other options I've tried in the hood.  Def not Jackson Heights quality.  Watch out - delivery took over an hour.
My girl took me to dinner here for date night and it RULED. Samosas, chicken TEEK, paneer bhurjee, and garlic naan were all excellent. Stop diddling and go there now. No liquor license (yet), but they offered to go down the street for us to pick us up beer. Uhh? I don't need to say anything else.Also, 25% off in-house dining because they just opened. Dinner for 2 = $30. Boom.
I cannot stress what a gem this restaurant is. Firstly it's BYOB which is a win in Williamsburg. Secondly the staff are the nicest I have encountered in New York, they're so hospitable and ensured our group of 8 was looked after excellently. The food was delicious and our bill came to $162 for 8 people. Excellent food, phenomenal staff, great food and brilliant atmosphere!!
This Indian food really had heart.The garlic naan bread was sooooo good that it basically rivaled pizza on the scale of things that are great to things that are incomparable. I got a fish dish (ha) that I think was tilapia and a red sauce and my boyfriend got the chicken and spinach dish. We both went home totally full and happy and for an unbeatable price. I genuinely think this may have been my favorite Indian food so far in NYC.
Firstly the food was phenomenal. I had the chicken tikka masala, with coconut rice, and cheese knaan bread. My date had the rack of lamb which was cooked to perfection. The service was great and the ambience is really nice. The seats are comfortable. Really good date spot. Enjoy!! :)
Legitimately the best indian food I've ever had. HEAVEN!!! Their chicken tikka masala....dude. Let me just drown in that sauce and be done with it.  Not to mention everything was perfectly spicy; it felt good to have that sweet burn of yesteryears back in my mouth! Highly, highly, hiiiighly recommend.
This place is mediocre at best. Given, they have just recently opened and are giving a great discount for eating in, which is why i think a lot of people are going! But food wise, really wasn't at all impressed. The dal and vegetable dishes were tasteless, under salted and under spiced. The naan was fine.The staff were pleasant enough and as helpful as they could be. But unfortunately i left disappointed and doubt id ever go back.
This is the best Indian restaurant I been to in Brooklyn. The service is just as good as the food. I recommend the Chicken Korma and the Kandari Naan, so delicious.
Me and my wife went there a few weeks ago. The food was great and the atmosphere was good. My wife really enjoyed the food and she is a big fan of indian food. The reason we had not gone in there before is because it looks so uninviting from outside. The foam board sign is literally falling off and so dirty. The menus are literally stapled in the front are so dirty and old. They need to fix the front and clean it up. It looks dirty and old and it puts you off a bit because you relate it to the food... But food was great, price is ok, our waitress Natalia was very nice.
The food was shockingly bad, and the place was empty. I found cardboard in the hot sauce I ordered. Our appetizer came out only partially reheated. Only giving two stars because of the BYOB.
I've been here a couple of times already since it opened up a few weeks ago. The food has been amazing both times and the service is really great and attentive. I recommend the lamb sagwala, chicken tikka and the daal makhani. Happy to live only a few blocks away from a good Indian place in Williamsburg!
Super tasty, great prices, reasonable portions. This place has a great date vibe, and it's currently BYOB. Also, they deliver! So check it out! I'm obsessed with the chicken sagwala.
I've only ordered delivery from here and love it every time. The food always arrives promptly and hot. I noticed that some people have complained about the quality of the food but I've always been satisfied with the Chicken Tikka Masala, Naan, Tandoori, and the Vindaloo. Perhaps I'm not an Indian food connoisseur, but I've always been very happy with my meal.
I came here with my mom during lunch hours. Ordered Vindaloo and tikka masala. The waiter was very friendly and accommodating, and happily offered to make the Vindaloo less spicy when my mom mentioned it was a little too spicy for her. The food was delicious, even my mom who's never had Indian before was happy. Overall a great experience, will definitely come again.
Ordered chicken Vindaloo for delivery and it was very good.The food didn't take too long and it was spicy, just like I've asked for it.I'll order/go there again that's for sure!
I've lived in Williamsburg for a few years...before the crazy boom of restaurants, nail salons and everything else that came along with gentrification. There used to be ONE Indian restaurant in the neighborhood that was pretty awful, right next to Juliette. Suddenly a few more came along and most recently Mahal Kita. What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. It is a nice restaurant with a very nice atmosphere at good prices. I've been a couple of times and the food and service have been wonderful both times. I recommend the lamb sagwala, chicken tikka masala and the chicken with cashews. The daal is also great and the naan always fresh. The portions may seem small on first glance but order a couple of entrees to share and you'll leave more than satisfied.They still don't have al liquor license so take advantage and BYOB!
Food was great, service was good. They were so polite and genuine. The place could be decorated a little better, but overall we really had a nice experience.
Very nice place, service is great: both the Manager and the Cook are young, passionate and with some cool story to share. Samosa and Lamb Stuffed Chicken are-so-good! Hipsters should start appreciate something different, finally. Best Indian restaurant in Willburg.
Had spinach and chick peas entree and garlic naan for pick up.  It came to about $16.00.  Extremely tasty and fresh.  Seems authentic, great service over the phone.
Three things I like about Mahal Kita:Service: There is usually a well dressed ultra friendly waiter or owner. Not exactly sure of his position. At least a host and very good at that. Very attentive. Food: I love the Tadori and the naans. I have tried several curry dishes and they are all decent. Comparing these to other indian cuisine in the area this is the best of them so far. I Like Bay Leaf only half of the time. Its seems most consistent.Warning: I am half indian and very use to eating spicy food but the average williamsburg client here will say the Samosa is a bit on hot/spicy side.Decor: The place looks amazing. Super fancy and modern with touches vintage accents. Its looks like a really high end place, which I assume scares away people in my beloved south side. In way I am cool with it not being packed, but people better oder delivery then.Simply put, its a good place to dine in. I have done delivery twice, no issues. I just hope they keep this up as business improves.
Below average food and terrible service! Don't go here!!!!! We ordered through seamless and they took over an hour. At the hour mark we called and were told the delivery left 40mins ago. So when the food finally arrived it had been out around the neighborhood for that long. We only live a few blocks away. There were no apologies or options to have fresh food or a refund when we called. Disappointing.
Yum! We decided to eat in the restaurant. The food was delicious and the staff could not have been nicer. The vegetable platter appetizer was a winner, surprisingly complex and tasty. We also really enjoyed the saag paneer. A great spot in the neighborhood!
Not impressed with the food at all.  I ordered tiki chicken masala medium for take out.  First, when I walked in I expected the friendly staff everyone was talking about. They were not very friendly.  The place itself was really pretty I thought if the food is good I will come back and eat there, but once I had the food that will be a NO! The chicken was dry and the sauce was very watery, it was missing flavor!  Didn't like the rice either!  Oh well back to my spot in the city!
I absolutely love mahal kita. I order the chicken tikka with a samosa every single time. It's got to be some of the best Indian food I have ever had. Reliable and fast delivery, and good prices for how delicious the food is. NUFF said.
Delicious food. Had channa masala and lamb rogan josh and both were fantastic, as well as the garlic naan, samosas, and lassi. We asked for medium spice and it was quite mild so might say spicy next time. Staff and owner very friendly. This place is very new and I hope lots more people discover it!
They are aware of food allergies (gluten free, dairy free etc.). Service was great and fast, but the tikka paneera masala was just okay...a bit too sweet
ONLY PLACE TO ORDER INDIAN IN WILLIAMSBURG. I love, love Indian food and for the 4.5 years I've lived in the Burg, I've always been let down by the Indian restaurants here and in East Williamsburg. The Chana Masala was delicious (although a tiny bit oily), but the Tikka Masla Chicken was the star. The sauce it's in is super rich, slightly spicy and so good you'll want to put it on everything! Also of note -- the dishes that come with rice, come with a Biryani-esque rice (unlike Chinese or Thai places which give you dry and flavorless rice). The Samosa was a perfect puff of yumminess, too! What not go get? The Tomato Bisque. The servings were so large, my boyfriend and I ate leftovers for two more days after.
Absolutely love this place!  There were six of us, so we got to try many different things.  Everything was incredibly delicious!  The service was great.  I will definitely be back and order delivery (they deliver to me via Caviar.)
The food here is bomb and quite  affordable. The ambience is ... unique, but who cares when you're chowing down on delicious Indian food. Definitely recommended.
This is my favorite delivery place in the entire neighborhood. The malai kofta is so good that I order it every time, even though I tell myself I'm going to get all new dishes. The samosas and aloo papri are also delicious. The delivery service has been prompt every time I've ordered.
This place was great! Excellent service, delicious food, nice portions, great value. Will definitely be going back!
Very good vindaloo. Could've been spicier, but I had a delicious meal and still felt my face afterward. A+ in my book.
My wife and I (mid 20's) have had a lot of Indian food in the past and this was by far, the best Indian food we ever had. The ambience was great, the service was super friendly and the food was excellent. Our clothes and hair did not smell like food after. We will be back again.
I Came across mahal kita by chance on my way back from work today. Being of Indian punjabi heritage, I am extremely picky when it comes to Indian restaurants and typically choose to make food at home. Having tried a number of Indian restaurants throughout New York, I have to say this is the best one I have come across in a while! The combination platter (mixed kebabs), was delicious. The reason why - because they actually use a traditional tandoor oven, which  makes the meat incredibly tender and delicious. The paratha and raita were also very good. I'll definitely be back again and especially while they still have dinner specials.
I have ordered from here a number of times- it is by far the best indian food in the williamsburg/greenpoint area! The dinner prix-fix meals are really great- you get a huge amount of food (entree, appetizer, nan, and rice). I have been to the restaurant; it is normally pretty empty but don't let that deter you (maybe most of their business is delivery?) The actual place is very cute- much nicer than other indian places I have been to. I highly recommend it!
i had to use my groupon before it expired so i went.. the place is so dark you cant see anything  including food and menu- i was only one eating there but saw they had several take out orders going.. - i asked the manager if there are nay specials and he said no.. the prices for entree were $13.95 each which is way too high for chicken marsala.. well i had to use the groupon.. i ordered appetizer with lamb chicken and fiish.. for like $16.. not worth it.. yes all three were there but lamb was too tough to chew and i told him and they gave fish.. .. i asked for mild spice .. this was hardly spicey.. not even like indian food.. and i had to spend  $6 to finish the  groupon so i ordered basmati rice and soda.. not worth the $20..my mp3 and sunglassses dropped out my bag which i discovered on my way home.. the manager was nice and told me they were there. it was so dark in there so i didnt see my stuff. so i had to make another trip back there next day.. then i saw they have specials advertised so he lied.. i think they do more business on seamless.. overpriced crappy food small portion,,not worth it.. manhattan has better indian food and is cheaper .. or go for lunch specials .. bye bye groupon
The sauces in our two dishes tasted like they came from a can. In fact, I'm almost positive that they did. I'm married to an Indian, so I know my curries. At least based on our meals, I cannot recommend Mahal Kita.
This is by far the best Indian food I've had in the city. The service is impeccable and they always go above and beyond. In in here at least once a week for lunch. Oftentimes more! I can't recommend it more highly.
Delivery order, prix fixe dinner, shortly before they were closing (which may have impacted quality).Samosa: dense and thick, oily crust. Oily insides. Ate just some of the filling and threw out.Aloo gobi: kind of odd sauce, but I've had worse. Giant slabs of cauliflower and potato. Wouldn't order again.Rice: had remnants of some other dish I don't think I ordered on top.Naan: dense and only a bit crispy on the bottom, tastes more like heavy white bread than something out of a tandoor.Was excited to see an Indian place open near me, but from the one order it's on level with the others in the area (mediocre). I feel a little bad leaving this review for a brand new place without many other reviews, but I'm hoping it spurs them on to do better. I may also be spoiled by Murray Hill establishments.Very reasonably priced.
