Had Iftar here yesterday - the experience was beautiful! The restaurant staff gave us complimentary dates and mango lassi to break our fasts, they did not start serve the food until sunset came in, and they were very attentive to us throughout the meal. And of course - the food was amazing. Mint Masala is my go-to place for biryani in Manhattan.
Ordered food through UberEatsFound the food to be OK, just like any other Indian restaurant.Naan (Tandoor)- 3/5Reshmi Kabab-3/5 Dal Makhni- 4/5
- overall rating: 2.5- ordered seamless: paid $40 for 2 entrees reshmi kabab and lucknowi lamb kormam which is about twice as much as what i'd pay if I had ordered from little india (E 6th st), and sadly ended up not enjoying either, though the portions were generous- the reshmi kabobs were overcooked and had an undesirable somewhat mealy texture to them- the lamb was tender but unfortunately the korma sauce was very different from all of the other kormas I've had from other restaurants and not in an enjoyable way, at least not for my palate - with all of the good reviews this place has, I feel like I just may have ordered the wrong things, though I doubt I'll order from here again, if I find myself in the neighborhood I would give the place another try
Excellent food at this small Indian restaurant. Excellent service and decent enough decor. The portions were larger then most other Indian restaurants I have eaten at and the preparation matches the quality of much higher end places. I like to test the lamb vindaloo when I am trying out a new place and was so pleased with the wonderful taste and fatless cubes of meat. I was so full but I could not stop dipping the garlic naan bread into my dinner partners curry sauce. Eat in or take out and you won't be disappointed. I don't mind the walk through the kitchen to access the bathroom cause the chefs are cool about it and you get to admire the cooking!
This was a wonderful place to have lunch. My wife had the Vegetarian lunch special and I had the Chicken Tikki Masala. It was the perfect amount of food and it was delicious. The staff was very pleasant and the atmosphere was nice. I highly recommend.
Hello, hi, I love this restaurant. A friend and I dropped in on a whim while in the Village and were planning for a wait, but serendipitously snagged the last table. This is a cozy restaurant, with maybe enough room to seat about 20 people at a time. I had the chicken tikka masala with paneer kulcha, and my friend had the aloo gobhee adrak masala (cauliflower and potatoes) with naan. Both were so delicious. We chowed down and were quickly stuffed, then stayed at the restaurant chatting so we could get a second wind and eat more. I seriously can't wait to come back to this happy little place. A+ food, ambiance, and staff.
Chicken Jalfrieze is really good.  And the Rosemary Naan is incredible. They claim to serve wine but there is only beer so that was a little disappointing .  The papadum order claims to be only 2 so I ordered a double and it was more than enough. Small and quiet and enjoyable in the window seat
This place is my go to Indian in my nabe, without having to go to Jackson Heights. I love their vegetarian options. Kofta Malai is always my favorite. I have waited up to an hour to get a seat here and it's always worth it. Service is wonderful and the place is super clean. Definitely the go to place for Indian in the West Village hands down.
Best Indian food! I loved the lamb biryani and lunch combo with chicken tikka masala served here. Service is pleasant and quick, which I loved the most.
Just got done eating here, it was the most amazing indian food i've ever had!! Also the staff was really friendly and attentive, catered for all ethnicities and explained each dish very well, love it!!! Forgot to take a pic of the food because we were hungry but we'll prob go back anyway so I'll update this with pics.
We literally stopped by in a hurry to sit down to eat after pride and they were so welcoming and had some of the best service hands down! One of the servers came with it food (which is so great for the price) and carefully and briefly explained how to eat it and what my dish contained. It was incredibly professional as well as casual. I high recommend for great priced great quality Indian
Tasty, cheap, no frills Indian restaurant. This part of the greenwich village is actually full of "dive bar-like" Indian restaurants, but I usually end of at Mirch Masala because there's actual seating space and it's consistently good Indian food. It's essentially all the things you like about going to dive bars, but without the sticky floors. Food-wise you can't go wrong with the classics like samosas, chicken tikka masala, and the garlic naan. For those who are a bit more adventurous with Indian food, I recommend the kashmiri naan which is filled with nuts and dried fruit, the korma curry, and the dosas. Food is very reasonably priced, big portions, and fast. It's a no brainer.
The appetizers were so good! We got the Chicken 65 and the Samosa Chaat. Unbelievably good. The entree we got the chicken lunch special which was chicken tikka masala. Was kind of bland.
A cool place to be on a working afternoon serves one of the finest Indian food in West Village. Though they lack space for accommodating more people, they surely have a quick service. And they have a vast range of Indian delicacies. I ended up having Palak Paneer, while my friend tasted a Butter Chicken Platter. We both enjoyed our meals, and it was indeed an excellent experience. PS: Masala Chai stole the show towards the end.
There's a large selection of food and it's all reasonably priced for the portion sizes. I had the Palak Paneer which came with a large bowl of rice. The place is cozy but there's plenty of space at every table, and the staff was friendly. The major problem I had was that all the dishes we ordered very oversalted, which was a shame considering the Palak Paneer was generally very filling and tasty otherwise. Would recommend this place but planning is essential because several people were told to wait for a table due to lack of space while we were there.
Great food. Went with my BF and his mom who are both Indian. Traditional Indian flavors, but not heavy on cream and butter like you find in some Indian restaurants.
The lunch special here are great. A great price, lots of food, rich flavors and they go until 5pm. A fun place to stop for dinner before going to a show.
I was sooo not in the mood to eat indian food but my butter chicken aficianado friend dragged me here. The restaurant was crowded when I walked in and I smiled inside knowing that we won't get a seat but since we were only two the waitress pointed us ahead of the line of a waiting group and my smile turned into a groan - so much for a chance of meatballs and spaghetti instead of butter chicken on my plate :/The first thing I noticed was that the staff was very quick and attentive. They filled our glasses with water and asked us about our drink order. We ordered the mango lassi and told them that we were ready to order (since we know Indian food menus like the back of our hands). We ordered the butter chicken and reshami kabob along with plain and garlic naan. Our server was quick to point out to us that he will send out one naan and will refill our basket with hot and piping naans once the basket finish because he did not want our naans to get cold (gold star for the thoughtful gesture). I barely took a few bites because I was'nt really hungry but the food was pretty good and flavorful. The rest of the food was packed up to serve as breakfast for the next day but ended up being dinner for a homeless man who struck up a conversation with us. All's well that ends well.
I am not too sure about the hype about this place... While the staff is the kindest ever, for real, they are so so so sweet, this is not the best Indian food I've had- I'll give it a 3 stars for food and a 5 stars for customer service, hence a 4 here. We started off with the Indian version of the burrito (apologize for not remembering the name...). That was pretty delicious! We then had the classic chicken tikka masala. It was okay. I've had tikka masala really rich and creamy in red sauce, this was lacking creaminess, the flavors once loved weren't there, it tasted more like chicken in a marinara sauce... It's tough when you don't hit the classic... We also had the grilled chicken, that was great. For $13 you get two roasted chicken legs previously marinated in a red sauce. Great for left overs! Overall, the food was okay, I won't return though, there is better Indian food out there (maybe not better staff!)
This is my first time trying Indian food and I am impressed the chicken tikkia Marsala was amazing and went wonderfully with the garlic naan. Came here on a Sunday night and the wait was less than five minutes but it got packed really fast after we got seated so I guess I went at a good timing. The shrimp thing I got was not as good as the tikkia Marsala. One pot is actually more than enough food for two people, we ordered two pots and couldn't finish so word of advice to future patrons of two just get the tikkia marsala get the naan and you are all set!
Food is delicious, the restaurant is super cozy! We came without a reservation on a Friday night and only had to wait for 20 minutes. The staff is very accommodating.
Great Indian take out place. I've tried almost all in the Wash. Sq. area and I think these guys are the best. I'll be back.
Fantastic experience!  Bhendi Anardana was my favorite! The classic chicken curry was one of the best in the city.  No nonsense place...if seating isn't readily available, order out and enjoy the down to earth food.  Not oily at all and appropriately spiced, will be back for sure!
As an indian I was pretty disappointed in this place. I wanted to like it so much since it's so close. The good:The garlic naan was soft and pillowyWas delivered in 30 min flatPrice is decentThe bad:The malai kofta was too creamy and didn't have the right amount/proportion of masalaThe daal makhani had a very strong tomato taste and was low on salt Bottom line:  This is not the right place if you want authentic indian food
GREAT addition to the Indian food landscape in the West Village. Indian food is my favorite and I hadn't yet found a place that I loved since moving here a year ago. So you can imagine my excitement when I got my seamless order last night and it was delicious and fresh and felt healthy (not greasy at all).  QUALITY ingredients. I had the malai kofta (creamy yellow sauce and hearty veggie dumplings), chicken tikka masala (slighty spicy to the perfect "heat" and tender chicken) and samosas (veg and chicken) that were maybe the best I've ever had. Portions are huge - I got three gigantic rices to go with my 3 entrees and will now have rice to eat for ages :) Highly recommend!
The food was a little bland, though the service was good and prompt. Better suited for Non Indians.
Hi this is my 1st tine ordering food from this restaurant.  It's only 1 Mile away and they have taken from than 1.45 mns and yet the food has not reached. Be sure never to order from here. Although the girl taking my order was nice but i have yet to taste the food.  Even though it may be tasty it sure won't get another order from me next time.  Actually they should not get any ratings.
Great food! Large portion. I'm addicted to Indian so I like to try different ones all the time. It's a little pricey but it's worth a good dinner.
I went to Mirch Masala for the first time after a comedy show last night.  Absolutely fantastic Indian food.  Service was great as well.  I live around the corner and will return often.
Great food, friendly staff, convenient, and reasonably priced! Adding it to the list of go-to places for an easy dinner!
Fantastic home-cooked style Indian food. And well-priced! Chicken curry, bhindi (okra) and dal tadka are standouts, but I want to try everything else and will be back soon.
Was hanging out late night with couple of friends the other day and was surprised to see my buddy Shekhar who also owns Curry Club NYC on upper west side. Without any doubt we know we are in safe hands. We were taken care with awesome mango lassi followed by variety of original kathi rolls. Curry portions are generous complimented with freshly baked breads and basmati rice. All compliments to Shekhars team at both locations. Keep Soaring....all the best.
Went for dinner with my gf. Really good food and very good service. Loved the lamb kebab and saag paneer wraps. The chicken curry tasted very homely. Good service too. Would definitely go there again. Really good find in soho
Service is very good... The food taste is awesome... It is a small place but deserves a 5 star rating for the food and service. Will be here next time I am in New York.
The chicken vindaloo was amazing, and pretty spicy. The mango lassi was alright.
Very good cuisine.  It's fresh and high quality. The dishes were very simplistic, and one dimensional which forces you to order several dishes to bring some variety to your meal. They do not serve alcohol which hurts. The soft drinks were served in disposable plastic cups and the napkins were tiny little bar napkins. Bottom line definitely a good place for take out not to eat there.
Really great kati rolls - substantially better parathas then ones from some of the other established chains. Paneer was my favorite, lamb was a bit over cooked but overall meal was very good.
The food is delicious, not too creamy or spicy. Very authentic and well priced. Do it!
Really good service. Nice staff and awesome food for an reasonable price. Try the Chicken 65 when you like it a little more spicy
Had lunch earlier. The Bhindi and Dal tadka were excellent - had a home made taste to it. I was very happy with the food and will go there again.
First off I'm Indian. Indian food in New York City is not good usually. It's full of grease and not authentic. I came into Mirch Masala and had the vegetarian special. It was FANTASTIC!! Tastes like  home made food, authentic spicing and not greasy. This is where I will go when I want authentic Indian food in New York City. You should too...
I was very impressed/pleased with this restaurant. I called them at 4pm to place a small catering order and was promptly and helpfully accommodated. The food was tasty and well priced and the service was timely and helpful. I ordered a half tray of chicken biryani, a half tray of malai chicken, naan, and then several regular individual orders of vegetable jalfrezie, bhindi, and barra kabab. The food was all quite tasty - not too oily or heavy. They included a half tray of white rice wo charge, which I thought was a nice gesture. I will order/cater from them again.
We ordered lamb Vindaloo, which the server warned us was very spicy and we loved it.  We also ordered Malai Chicken Tikka in which the server told us to be about 10-15 minutes to prepare.  We did not feel like it was a long wait at all, the service was wonderful, the food came quickly and were superb.
One of the best Indian food in NY... I had chicken tikka masala with mint naan .. Usually people talk about dishes but for me the bread was the best part of my meal...
Highly recommended. Great authentic Indian food at reasonable prices. Also open late. The service is exemplary - everyone who works here is very friendly and attentive and the food is always served so quickly, yet always tastes fresh, no matter what time of night you go. I've ordered the chicken tikka masala and the palak paneer many times, as they are so well done that one never gets tired of them. The generous portions are presented in tasteful metal serving bowls with a large helping of basmati rice. Also the naan bread is excellent as well as the samosas. I'm really glad I discovered this place recently and am surprised that more people don't know about it! It is usually not very crowded whenever I've gone. Those in the neighborhood looking for quality food in a hurry at good prices needn't look any further. Mirch Masala is a great value in every sense
This is the best Indian place in the Greenwich Village area in my opinion. I've gotten multiple dishes from them, both delivery and in their restaurant, and the food is always on point and well priced. I highly recommend the chicken Vindaloo!
Wow this place. The vindaloo was great. Very high meat quality, liked the potatoes. It was a little spicy for my taste but I'll take it. The garlic nan was brilliant and the samosas were also great.
I loved it! It is a small place but so cozi!!!!!! The food is so good! I try to go every weekend.
Other Indian restaurants in the area should be in fear if they aren't already. Unheard of quality-price ratio. I have been back twice. The malai kofta, lamb kebob roll, lamb korma,tandoori chicken, lamb were all stunning and accomponied by savory rich sauces, fresh ingredients and perfect balance of spices.
the reason this place gets a five star review is coz their stuff is amazing, the quantity is huge and the prices are similar if not less than their competitors, they've a huge kitchen in the back and the food is prepared fresh, i've been there twice and would happily go back again!
This place has amazing food! I got the chicken vindaloo and was not disappointed. Service was great and in the off hours it's definitely not crowded. I would come again here when I have my Indian food cravings.
Ordered via grubhub on a whim when an 11pm craving struck, always skeptical of new spots especially after a certain time (late-night Indian food never seems to taste as good as you hope it will) and I've been pretty consistently disappointed since my go-to in the area (Indian taj) devastatingly closed earlier this year.  Expectations were meh but I was THRILLED when everything in the order was actually incredibly fresh-tasting and deliciously flavorful. Veggie samosas were perfectly spiced, the chicken tikka masala was wonderful and the chicken pieces were high quality (no gross gamey nonsense) and perfectly cooked, the vegetable korma was also delicious. Even the nan was great. Plus with very reasonable prices for the neighborhood AND it was delivered by a very nice gentleman in about 30 min on a Saturday night!! New go-to? Check.
Very tasty, had 2 of their veggie rolls (paneer and aloo). Roti and filling were both top notch. Masala is tasty and has a good mix of spices. Definitely the best katti rolls in Manhattan.
Ordered Bhindi but got Chana Masala instead. Walked for 30 mins just to get the Bhindi, so disappointed... BIG LETDOWN , especially when I was so excited to try their bhindi. But overall the standard of the food is decent.
While I still love Mirch Masala, I have been disappointed the last few times I came here. At my last visit, I got the chicken shorba soup (a personal favorite that I have gotten many times) and it was unbearably peppery. I could not eat it. When I sent it back, the waiter apologized and indicated that he thinks that the evening chef peppered the soup after an earlier chef had already done so. This would've been fine if it was the end of the explanation, but as we were leaving someone came out of the kitchen and told me that next time I should tell them I don't like spicy food so they can make it mild for me and not waste the soup. Ummmm.... The soup was INEDIBLE there was so much pepper in it. This was not about personal preference about spices, and even if it was that comment was completely inappropriate and off-putting.
Nothing really stood out to me besides the mango lassi. The chicken saag was decent and the chicken curry was ok. Wish they used more spices to season the chicken because it just tastes like plain chicken in an accompanying sauce versus it being one with the sauce. Service was good .
I was so happy to find Indian food and was really impressed with this place. It is a small restaurant with casual seating, that feels more like a takeaway, but has table service. The staff were really nice. The food came out quickly and was really tasty. I had a chicken biriani, which was not like the typical biriani I've had, it was just the rice part with no veg curry to accompany it. It was a huge portion, I ended up boxing half of it and taking it home! My husband had a lamb curry, which was so good, lots of big pieces of lamb. There was a constant turnover of diners and always someone waiting, which is a good sign. Prices were really reasonable. The only negative is if you need the bathroom you have to go through the small kitchen past all of the chefs! Awkward! Will definitely return here for my curry fix!
One of my coworkers ordered from here and I happened to smell it as I came back from lunch.  I asked where he got it from and made a mental note.  Holy smokes is this place fantastic!I went for the lamb saag (my personal favorite) and washed it down with a mango lassi.  (Of course I also had garlic naan because what's Indian food if you don't have naan, right?)  Anyways, the food was fantastic from start to finish.  I walked in a placed a takeout order, and everything was ready in about ten minutes.  The restaurant itself has a few tables for inside dining, and if you're into that outdoor dining thing, they're a stones throw from Washington Square Park.
Mirch Masala is my go to Indian food place in the city. Although it is a little bit pricey, the food is amazing and the portions are huge. The first time I came, I had to wait about ten minutes but the wait was worth it. It gets pretty busy during dinner time but very empty during off peak hours. Typically if I go with one friend we would be full after one curry with rice and a naan. My personal favorite is the fish Bombay and garlic naan. I recommend this place to anyone who is craving good, savory, hearty, food.
My favorite indian restaurant in NY..We get yummy mysore masala dosa whenever we visit this place and the taste is always the best.They always give good portions of food and so I can say it is pocket friendly and totally worth every penny we pay for it. The staff are also very friendly and serve us according to our taste.
It's a good place if you're craving naan and chicken tikka masala however it isn't the best that I've had.
This place used to be good. But there must have been a change in ownership or something. There used to be a older manager that was nice and polite. Now it's a young rude guy who is kind of a jerk. The chicken masala now is super dry and given that there are many other Indian places nearby, they really need to step up their game. I used to come here maybe once a week but now I haven't back in months because I can't stand the young manager.
Came here with a group of 4, and like the unadventurous, uncultured people we are, all ordered the exact same thing: Chicken Tikka Masala (and sides of naan!) The Chicken Tikka Masala was very generous in portion size; gladly ate it all though, as it was delicious. The overall combination of the fragrant rice, the savory chicken, and the naan was wonderful, and I didn't waste any bit of it! In terms of authenticity, I can't really attest to how much this place will remind you of your mom's cooking, but if you are craving that American-Indian concept, then Mirch Masala is a perfect restaurant for you! Space is kinda small though, so it's possible there are waiting times around peak hours.
So the delivery guy was awesome and I wanted to really like this place, but the food was a completely mixed bag.Chicken tikka masala - very good. The chicken was a little dry but that's a common problem, so overall a good choice and could see myself ordering this againGarlic naan - Yes yes yes. So deliciousPalak Paneer - Actually the worst palak paneer I've ever had. It tasted like canned cream soup and was a weird brown/cream color. Very few chunks of paneer. I actually had three bites and unless my husband will eat it later tonight I'm just going to throw it away.It gets three stars because while the first two dishes were very good, the last one was truly terrible which means I paid $30 for an entree and a naan.  :(I think if you order correctly you will have a wonderful meal, but I'm not sure how to guarantee that if one of the most popular dishes (palak paneer) is one of the bad eggs.
Appears to be hole in the wall but very clean inside. Service excellent.Food well made. Couldn't imagine a bad dish here.Would return.
Got the Chicken Tikka Masala delivered to me via Postmates.The portions are way bigger than I was expecting for both the chicken and the rice, always a bonus. The sauce is delicious, everything tastes amazing.  Worth the $15. Would definitely order from here again!
Weekday nightSeamless delivery (fast)Order from their site (5% off)Tasted fresh and delivers to my area (West Village). We only tried few items: Bhendi Anardana ($10.95) and Chicken Zafrani ($13.95) with two Nans, regular and rosemary ($2.25/ $2.95).I appreciate they were not overly cooked down, like most places. Okra in Bhendi Anardana still left with fresh crunch and the spices weren't so apparent in this dish (authentic? sophisticated? americanized?) but we enjoyed the fresh taste, textured in vegetables, and balanced spices used in the dish. White chicken meat in Zafrani was tender, and this dish too that it was not overcooked. Slightly sweet yellow curry sauce worked nicely. The creamy sauce was granny. It might be from yellow canary lentils(?). It's like Dhal, creamy Indian lentil sauce, but the yellow color might be from zafrani that is Indian saffron so it might be not. But we enjoyed it. Nan was smoky, chewy and complemented well with what we ordered: definitely rosemary elevated the flavor of Nan. We only order one each but we got full from Ghee-ed rice that came with each dish. Usually Indian leftover goes to trash but I couldn't do that. They were that good.
Great deal for vegetable Lunch. For 11.85 (i ordered online) I got 2 curries, rice and a naan.Although they have a predecided menu for Lunch special, but they try to accomodate and allow customers to replace a curry with another similar curry.I am a fan of their Bhendi Anardana curry. It is just fabulous every time.I work very near to this restaurant.I have been here like 8-10 times now.Worth a try. Small place to dine in, so I mostly do pick up.But good service. SOft spoken staff.I gave 4 stars because I tried their biryaani and chana masala and Aloo Paratha (Griddle), which i did not like much. But Bhendi Anardana and Dal Makhni are great.My friend is a fan of their Palak Paneer and Dal Tadka.Naan is soft and good too.
Fresh tasty food at affordable prices. The place is small but the food is great.
Home of some of the best Indian food I've ever had! Dal Makhani Curry Shrimp among my favorite dishes to order. Portions are very generous and perfect for sharing. Fresh quality ingredients and great service
I love this restaurant.  Ordering in, taking out, eating in- it's consistently delicious and high quality.  Great for vegetarians, vegans and meat-lovers alike.  Don't be too turned off by the location on MacDougal - it's a great, casual spot.
My dining experience with Mint Masala (formerly Mirch Masala) is limited to its catering, so I cannot comment on the actual storefront itself. However, the food that was catered (curry, tikka masala, lemon/basmati rice, korma, etc) was very good and definitely hit the spot. We ordered for 45-50 people, and had A LOT of leftovers because portions were generous. This isn't "watered-down" or "americanized" indian food which I personally liked, but some co-workers complained that it was too spicy. Would definitely like to stop by next time I'm in the neighborhood and in the mood for indian.
I ordered the vegetable daily special as take away today. It was super yummy and the portion was huge! 2 people can easily share this. Naan was $1.50 extra - definitely worth it. Will try their garlic naan next time which was $1.75. Very tasty and fulfilling! Will be back for sure!
We actually walked in after noting the good rating on yelp. We were not disappointed.  We ordered veggie and chicken samosas to start and knew from the first bite that this place was a winner. They were crisp, but not greasy, moist  flavorful on the inside. We split a chicken biryani, which after the samosas was plenty for 2.The biryani was not the best I have ever had, but completely satisfying. Had a kingfisher beer to wash it all down and left well fed and happy to have discovered a new place on a street full of restaurants that no longer put in an effort  (Panchito's) and exist on their previous laurels. Oh yes, garlic Naan could use a little work, it was on the dry side and not flavorful enough. This place put MacDougal Street back on the map for me. We'll be back.
A restaurant nearby was closed, I saw that this place was highly rated here on Yelp so I checked it out with some friends.All entrees come with rice. We got:_ BHENDI ANARDANA (okra, $10.95) = deeelicious_ CHICKEN ZAFRANI ($13.95) = yum_ CHANA MASALA ($10.95) = fineIt's a small establishment and very busy for dine-in a take-out/delivery.It's very well lit, maybe a bit too bright. The service was great.Open until 2am on the hoppin' MacDougal St. Will return!
Wow this place is good.. ive had the butter chicken, masala and vindaloo all really good.  I would give it a 5 except the vindaloo is too spicy.. like way too spicy.  I know its supposed to be spicy and Ive had it many times at other restaurants but this one is scorching, i could hardly eat it...
My friend and I dropped by for a late dinner Saturday night, and were lucky to snag a table for two. In spite of the hour, there was a steady stream of customers, and we soon realized why!We shared orders of the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and aloo gobhee adrak masala. Along with two sides of basmati rice and a mango lassi, it was more than our fill, but so tasty that I finished everything- well, except for the rice!Places like Mirch Masala make New York City worth tolerating.
Really clean tasty friendly Indian. The lunch special is a great deal and perfect for one hungry man. CTM is sweet like I like it - and not overly creamy. They were very accommodating.
I was disappointed with this place! I ordered the vegetable korma and it was pretty flavorless and the sauce looked weird. The veggies had deff been frozen and a few of them tasted "off". In all honesty, it was the worst veg korma I have ever had and I have had my fair share of that dish. Will not be going back. Should have known since it was empty inside :(
I've always been ambivalent towards Indian food, but this place was great! The naan and the chicken tikka was flavorful but not overwhelming. The prices were reasonable. But I thought this place deserved 5 stars, because of the service. We, as a table, were definitely taking way too long to make up our minds, but the server was completely understanding. At the end, my friends and I paid with three separate cards, and they were happy to do it.
Solid Indian option.Their chicken samosas are quite good. Super tender, flavorful. Naan wasn't bad. The meat curry dishes I've tried were tender, the lamb vindaloo easily being my favorite. Curries had a good texture. Loved the basmati rice.Had lunch delivered, and everything came piping hot.
Wow!  Take out food 5 stars!  Perfection!Ordered the chicken tikka masala and still dreaming of it.  Perfectly creamy and spicy.  I wish they could deliver to the financial district.
I ordered delivery from here tonight and it was INCREDIBLE. It's seriously my new Indian place.I ordered the Dal Makhni with the medium spice and it was so amazing. Really flavorful, perfect amount of spice, and was a hefty portion with perfectly cooked rice on the side.Also got the garlic naan and the veg pakodas, which were also great.  The garlic naan is gigantic -- one slice could easily serve 2-3. The veg pakodas were perfectly cooked, not greasy, and had great flavors.  They were really over the top delicious with the dark sauce that came with it.I love that the menus tell you which items are vegetarian/vegan, and the guy who delivered my food was so sweet and double checked to make sure everything was in my bag before giving it to me.  Overall a fantastic experience, and I probably won't be looking elsewhere for Indian.
We got some take out food from here, and I'm so glad we did! I fully plan on stopping by here on my way home to pick up some delicious Indian food very, very often. We ordered via yelp, which was also our first time doing that, and it worked easily, and had our food within twenty minutes. My husband and I picked up several things: -The Kashmiri Naan was so good!! I've never had naan so delicious. Stuffed with coconut, nuts, and fruit, it's perfect in every way possible. -Pakoda was so crispy, and they use a chickpea flour which is cool. -Masal dosa had great flavor, and the perfect amount of spice (I ordered it as "medium spice," and I love spicy!). It help up well as leftovers heated up in the toaster oven. -My husband had the lamb biryani, which lacked the cashews and raisins most other places put in it, but he swore by the flavor and had no complaints. Portions are definitely big enough for two meals, and all of our food was like $40. Totally a steal for how good it was!
We came on a Thursday night. No wait. No rush to finish our food either. Great service.I almost ordered a second plate of Ginger Gobhee to-go. Vegetables are not my thing by any means but this dish is amaaaazing. Read for yourself:"A southern sizzler with an oriental flavor; Cauliflower florets sautéed with bell peppers, onions, soy sauce, spices, spring onions  cilantro." My friend and I considered this to be sweet and sour cauliflower. Tender pieces, crispy on the outside with plenty of flavoring. We dipped our nan in the leftover sauce. Mmmmm.
Excellent Poultry Special* with Mango Chutney  Add Nan (never saw it without a second n) for $11.11. Really flavorful, friendly enough staff distributing the pickup in the narrow and very busy space; just beware the whole spices buried throughout the dish.*Poultry curry of the day served over basmati rice, mango or mint chutney.
Great masala dosa. Dining experience was great Only con: Sambhar tasted like it was microwaved. I understand they most likely don't make sambhar every day if not a popular item. If that is the case take it off the menu. if you are going to just heat it up in the microwave take it off.
We always come here for the Chicken Biryani and it is always amazing. It is equally amazing whether eaten in the restaurant or take out. The entrees are not as authentic as I would like but the Chicken Biryani and Mango Lassi are enough to make this a go-to place.
Awesome food, great service, and rarely a wait. Ambiance could be better. Here goes my haiku:Lunch special is great,Chicken curry is a must,I'm a regular.
The first time I ever felt yelp turned me wrong, made me make my 1st review. I didn't think bland Indian food existed till this.
A very small place with great food. I wouldn't recommend it to groups. The waitress is very helpful. I especially loved the chicken tikka masala and the garlic naan. Also, one serving is a lot of food, especially since it comes with a huge bowl of rice. So I would recommend sharing it with another friend.
My new go-to for Indian lunch delivery. Great vegan options!  The customer service has gone above and beyond to accommodate my dietary restrictions-- THANK YOU!
Great chicken tikka and eggplant (bhartha). Lamb dishes are great. Rice is standard (good) and plentiful. Downside - have to order naan separately, and each ~$3 order is only one piece (circle?) of it.The space is really small, so if you're ordering take-out, you're standing right behind someone sitting down to eat. But alas, village space.
I keep going back on days that I feel like eating Indian food. This is solid good food experience for their nan and curry. I don't recommend the biryani much it wasn't that flavorful. The prices are Manhattan prices. They had lemonade which I expected much more from but it had weird taste. Other than these two things, I have recommend all other things I tried such as kati rolls, lamb curry, bread basket nan, chicken samosa's and chicken 65 appetizers. The atmosphere is small space but cute décor and relaxed  feel they never rush you to leave.
Came here yesterday with 3 friends at around 4PM. This place is pretty tiny but not cramped. We were surprised that their lunch special was still going on (apparently until 5PM)! We didn't order it though since it is a specific curry of the day and we were all craving other ones. The food was really tasty and they give you each a bowl of rice, which is way more generous than other ones I've been to. The prices are decent (~$15 per curry dish). I would come back again if I'm around the neighborhood!
Came here around 7pm on a Saturday and managed to get 5 of us seated immediately. There was definitely a wait by the time we left though.- Mango Lassi: Tasted pretty good although was more watery than mango lassis I've had before. - Chicken reshmi roll: Tasted decent - better than the worst roll I've had but not as good as the best. - Aloo Mash Masala Roll: The potatoes were super mushy and the taste was pretty good. The two rolls were bigger than I had expected and definitely enough for my meal. - Chicken Tikki Masala: I only tried a little bit, but the chicken tasted really fresh and the flavor was good.The portions overall seemed pretty big, since the other people I was with could barely finish their food. I also could not finish my two rolls...
It was just ok. We had our Friday team lunch here. The chicken in the Chicken Tikka Masala was not cooked well; a little tough. Lamb vindaloo wasn't as spicy as it should be for a vindaloo. Baingan Bartha was ok but not close to the best I've had. Dosa was just okay. Everything was just ok.Waitress knocked over a water cup and spilled water everywhere. And it took forever to get her attention to get the check at the end.
The food is excellent when the main Chef Gopal Jee is around. When he is not there, some Bangla men are trying hands and the trial end is not up to the expectation.  Gopal Jee must train these chefs, its like the Chinese cooking Mexican food...result is known.
This restaurant is such a disappointment. Very bland food. Tandoori chicken is dry and a sauce is provided for it instead of making the chicken intrinsically flavorful. Not a good idea. Samosas, tikka masala, very boring. I love Indian food and was holding out hope for this one, but actually Masala Times on Bleecker and Surya  are infinitely better, and the best of all is Haveli on East 6th Street and 2nd Avenue. The place is brightly lit  and colorless without decor  and very small instead of  being cozy or inviting. Try some candles, anything to give the room vibrancy. The waiters were indifferent. The blandness of the food suggests they are depending on the tourist trade, but the essential quality of a good restaurant is to be the best, not hope that tourists who are unfamiliar with delicious Indian food  won't know the difference.
I order from Mirch SO often it's actually embarrassing. I'm literally eating their Chicken Tikka Masala as I'm writing this. Whenever I place an order, I'm almost positive the entire staff collectively gasps in astonishment "HER AGAIN???" because my GOD what kind of non-Indian person eats this much Indian food on a regular basis? Well, I do, so y'all better get used to it!From a truly objective and not at all biased standpoint, Mirch is hands down the best Indian restaurant in Greenwich Village. The naan is perfectly fluffy, and the curries are always on point - I always make sure to order the curries "Medium" or "Spicy" because the mild curries are a little too sweet for my liking. I've never tried the dosas, but they look very impressive. They're also open until 2am on weekends, so it's great for a casual post-bar-hopping binge sesh.Mirch has always been there for me in my time of need, and so far, it's the only restaurant in the area to which I've pledged my undying patronage. Don't see that changing anytime soon! #RideOrDie #MirchCrew4Life
Loved this place!!!!! We ordered the Mysore masala dosa n they accidentally brought out masala dosa. They realized their mistake n gladly made us what we had ordered! The food was delicious! The service was also awesome! Will definitely return!!!!!
I really didn't want to give this gem 5 stars to prevent the eventual wait time that will come with an average of 5 star yelp rating.  But, I really want this restaurant to be a success - I'm giving it 5, it's totally worth it.We LOVE indian food and after living in New York for nearly 4 years, this is the first Indian restaurant that we love.  It's delicious and authentic and reasonably priced - what more could you want!
Mirch Masala does not accept reservations so we came put our names on the list and came back after about 2 hours(!!!).Decor - minimalistic and very pleasant.Service - very good.Drinks - cocktails were great, beer was awful.Apps - had 4 apps instead of ordering main courses all were delicious with the right degree of heat and well balanced spice combinations.Were too full for dessert :) Maybe next time.
The staff is super friendly here and the food is spot on delicious. Ambience a little crammed but it's NYC. Food and service make up for it. Tandoori chicken was to die for and the dosa yum! Definitely a staple
My co-worker and I ordered today at 12PM and the order JUST arrived now at 2:13PM. I called and complained various times, and the young lady on the phone assured me if the delivery wasn't there in '10 minutes' I'd be refunded. OF COURSE the food did not arrive in 10 minutes; so when I called back to ask how my money would be refunded, another man now answered the phone saying a 'manager' would call me back maybe at 3 or 4PM. When I asked for the managers name, he said a name at first that was not clear, so when I asked him to repeat, I heard the young lady frantically chattering in another language in the background. Suddenly the man claimed he was not allowed to give that kind of information!!! I know this game/scam. In these cases there usually no 'manager' ever available when you call. This makes me sad because when the food FINALLY arrived, it was pretty decent. I hope Mirch Masala does the right thing and refunds my card, if not, I will be disputing this charge with my bank, and believe you me, I will get my money refunded.UPDATE 7.8.2016---I was pleasantly surprised to receive not only a call from the Manager, but also a very nice email apologizing for such a delay, advising me of the confirmation # for my refund, and also relaying information as to why my order was delayed. Apparently one of the delivery man's bikes had been stolen and they were very delayed in deliveries. Nonetheless, they DID in fact refund my $$ as they agreed that a 2hr + wait was still uncalled for, and extended great customer service. I was honestly expecting the worst and was pleasantly surprised at the great level of customer service and attention to my issue. I do recommend this place as the food was very good aside from my Naan being a bit cold :). Thank you!!
Originally looking to eat at another restaurant nearby, but they closed their kitchen early. BOO!!! But not so boo, because we found this delight on Yelp. I put in for restaurants that would still be open 1.5 hours from when we were looking, you know so we didn't have to rush.Found Mirch Masala was open until 2 AM! Awesome no rushing needed. Small space maybe 20 seats. 4 seat table open and a 2 seat table open. We were a party of 3.On Yelp there was a check in deal for 10% off your bill of $10 or more, yeah we used this. :) Ordered the Chicken Samosa, Chicken Zafrani (kind of like Korma), Bhendi Anardana (Bhindi Masala to me, lol), and Chana Masala.The Chicken Samosa was good, not overly spiced like some other places I've had, and the meat inside is minced and tasted fresh.The tamarind and mint chutney were very fresh tasting and pleasant.All the dishes were served with rice, and we were pleasantly stuff when we were done. We had containers with us so we packed up the leftovers.I Recommend this tasty gem, especially since it's open late!
This place definitely has the best service, came here twice and the waitress was really attentive not to mention really kind. Most of the curries are priced around 10$ and f you get the lunch special naan is around 1$. The food portions were pretty good and  very filling. I'm very sensitive to spice so i appreciate tha the waitress gave us an option of having it spicy or not. The place is rather small and usually I come around 4 when it's empty. This place is def underated
We've been there three times in the past five days! That says it all.The establishment is completely new and clean. Quite a few vegetarian/vegan options (curries, wraps, ...), each which their own particular flavor. Portions are big and not too spicy! We shared one wrap and a curry, and it was largely sufficient. The personnel is really nice and attentive: cold water is constantly provided and they even suggested that one wrap would be sufficient for me and gave me a small portion of mango chutney without making me pay for the large portion available on the menu.
What a great find. Quaint spot with excellent food and service. I had the grilled chicken dosa. The food had so much flavor. It was obviously slow cooked with care and expertise. The restaurant now sells beer but the waitress encouraged us to bring our own if we wanted more selection. Visited with another group of Indian patrons at the table over . They were also complimentary of their food. We've been visiting the city a few days . We've had other good dinners but they were more than twice the price and no better . Best meal in a long time .
Wait staff was nice and courteous. The chicken 65 was good but very spicy.. i liked to have the naan with it to help with that. I had the lamb roganjosh which was a little spicy but not too much and the lamb was well cooked and soft.  I enjoyed the meal.
It is an avergae Indian restaurant in lower manhattan. That said  - there are far better options than this one. Yet, it does a fair job at food and service if anyone wants to go for it still.
The place is tiny, the staff is extremely friendly, and the food is plentiful if not cheap or particularly nuanced in flavor.  It is a fine stop if one is in the area and really craving the full range of typical Indian fare, but there are nearby places that do some of the same dishes more competently.
I love the ambience and the staff who are so service oriented. Their Chicken Biriyani and Classic chicken curry are superb. Two Thumbs Up!!
Never had tandoori lamb before until now.  I don't think I would enjoy tandoori chicken as much anymore.  $1 more for lamb - why not?Lamb vindaloo is delicious!!!!!!!  Thank you for not skimping the heat.
Horrible service. Waitress seated my lady and I at 4:55p on Sunday June 12, 2016. She instantly told the couple next to me they have 5 minutes to order from the lunch special. Which is 12n-5p   So 3 minutes later I ordered from the lunch special. This waitress refused it claiming that the special is over in 2 minutes. So even though the menu says "lunch special from 12noon - 5pm. It's not the case.  Her explanation was that the cook can't prepare the meal in 2 minutes. This made no sense what so ever.  Never will come here again. I wish i could give it -3 stars rating.
Before I ate here I was generally meh on Indian food. I could take it or leave it. If you want to go sure I'll go. If you want to go somewhere else I'll skip it, I don't care. Then I ate here. I love Indian food now. The naan here was so good (I've had it before) so I got rosemary naan too and that was even better!!!I got the lamb saag and it was phenomenal. I stole a few bits of all my friends plates from chicken vindaloo (eeeek spicy) to some tikka something and it was all so so good! Service was phenomenal too! They answered all my questions consisting of what's this? What's this? And what's that??? Without condescension and no raised eyebrows. They also don't serve liquor but allow you to BYOB which they will keep in their fridge. I mean if that's not phenomenal I don't know what is.
Very clean place with warm service. Good size and nice curries. I had a shrimp curry and my friend had a classic curry. Both are really good. Would also recommend the Nan.
Really wonderful place to stop in for lunch. Had the curry of the day vegetarian special, which included palak paneer and Chana masala - two favorites! The spice level was just perfect, and seasoning was tomato-filled with a nice dab of coriander for the Chana and the spinach really came through on the palak paneer. Opted to pay extra for the naan, and we were glad we did - both garlic and regular were delicious, although if I were to come back I would just get one order because we had so many leftovers to take home (portion size is large, not complaining at all!). Also had a small cup of the house Chai tea, it wasn't full of flavor, but it was pretty good. The service here is one of the best I've had in the neighborhood; friendly, fast, and courteous (they never rush you and treat you with respect). The atmosphere is a bit lacking especially in the music department (they play indie pop music mostly), but that doesn't really matter honestly. All of these things for a nice price, I will definitely be back!
Best Indian food I've ever had. Food was steaming hot when it came out - it seemed like food was prepared at the time of order.Chicken tikka masala - a must order classic, comes with quite many large pieces of chicken (about 6)Onion naan - very flavorful, onion pieces and spices were sandwiched insided the naanGarlic naan - thicker than naan that I'm used to, great flavor
My first time ordering it was the best Indian food I have had in Manhattan - the shrimp curry hit the spot!  No weird layer of grease on top, you could see the whole mustard seeds in the sauce and the prawns were nice and large though the medium was on the mild side.  However my second time the tikka salmon was beyond dry and the chicken biryani was more sweet than savory.  Both too disappointing to finish eating.  So guess it is a really hit and miss place.
this is my favorite Indian restaurant, in NYC... or ever. Everything has perfect textural consistency and balanced flavors... getting hungry...
This small restaurant is my most favorite Indian restaurant in NYC... Why?1. Quality of preparations, you can tell the ingredients are fresh, the masalas are house made rather than bulk premade. It comes out in the flavors of the dishes.2. Kindness, the waitress (younger with brow piercing) is so sweet and kind. She's patient with even the most pickiest order. 3. I think I've met two managers here, one was very kind and excited about the patrons. The other, when the chicken tikka masala was off, I asked "is it the same chef tonight?" Very sternly replied "yes. Same chef." But didn't bother to find out further details. It was disappointing because I brought a friend visitin from Colombia and her first exposure to chicken tikka masala wasn't very good :/  Food I've hadNaan-5 stars. The best. Perfectly made, excellent dough. Kashmiri Nan- Meh. I've had better. The balance of the fruits, nuts, and sweetness was just a bit off. Chicken tikka masala- hit or missLime soda-if you don't like chaat masala, don't get this!Paratha rolls- I'd say they're as good as Kati roll but cheaper! Win!Tomato fennel soup- simple and tasty, couldn't taste much fennel. It's like a slightly spiced puréed tomato soup. Not creamy at all. Malai tikka- amazing, very tender and tasty. 5 stars, slight spice. So good. Good for those who like things on the milder end. Saffron Chicken Tikka- a bit like malai tikka just with an additional flavor of saffron layered on top. Chicken Zafrani- Nice mild creamy sauce chicken. Their chicken is always so tender and succulent regardless of the preparation! This dish was akin to a chicken korma. I don't think ordering from Yelp's third party works very well. I tried it before, but the order wasn't found easily so I waited a bit. Another time I got take out, it was sent to the wrong person, so I had to wait longer for the delivery guy to return with my food. Good thing I was planning on rewarming it anyway. No concessions for snafus. The food is so good, I'm willing to deal with it.
Found this place via Yelp while near the area. Food was good, not amazing. The server recommended the cauliflower appetizer which tasted like sweet and sour cauliflower. We ordered garlic naan and chicken tiki masala which came with rice. I was happy the server advised us only to order one entree - The portions are relatively small, just filling because of the rice and naan. The service was great and the server was really nice so that's why I have a 4 instead of 3.
Order delivery from this place often - samosa chat, chicken tikka, garlic naan - always amazing.  Delivery is quick too.
If you are into Indian food you have to try Mirch Masala. I live this place so much, I don't want anyone else finding out about it. If you really want to know what it's about, you have to go for yourself. GINGER GHOBEE!!!!
WOW WOW! who would have ever guessed that this little hole in the wall place would be so good. the food takes a while, so wait for it, they are actually cooking. : )the Dal Ghosth, a lamb curry, was made from tender pieces of lamb without fat. just perfect chunks in a succulent curry sauce that coated the rice beautifully. the Palak Paneer, spinach with cheese, was the best i have ever had. creamy, fresh, flavorful, it was delicious. naturally you need to wash it down with a mango lassi, because it's yummmmmm! refreshing, fruity, and takes some heat off the meal. you need to go here, and i need to go back. : )
There is nothing like being in New York at midnight, starving for comfort food, and along come these folks who delivered to our hotel room a half hour before they closed!It was so yummy and everything was prepared for a weary traveler to dig in. I had chicken tikka masala and nan, fragrant basmati, and mango lassi. Thank you so much!
Life lesson: When your boyfriend starts getting hangry, shove him into the nearest hole-in-the-wall restaurant and be rewarded with delicious food.Mirch Masala is nothin schmancy but is plenty delicious! Lam VIndaloo has a nice kick but wasn't esophagus damaging at all. The Dal Makhni was a WONDERFUL vegetarian option and so tasty. And what's indian food without some delicious bread? The Paratha and the Rosemary Naan were both incredible.This was one of these places that you start getting sad once you start running out of food. Go. Order. Be DELIGHTED. Then be sad when the food runs out. Then order more food.ProTip: The bathroom is through/off of the kitchen but is VERY clean and then you get to give props to the chefs! Service overall is terrific!
Unlike Bombay Duck, Thelawala, or Kati Roll Company, this place serves more traditional style (at least for Americans) Indian food. Fortunately, the food is fresh, and the food is good. I have been here a couple of times and was, both times, greeted by the friendly employees who made suggestions and discussed with me what pairs best with what (one time this back-fired, as I ended up paying $4 more than I thought I would). Generally the food is pretty good and the portions are reasonable, but still a little underwhelming given the price, which can go up to $20 for a person eating lunch). I don't think that this is the most inspired place in the area, but it should give Masala Times a run for its money in serving this kind of Indian cuisine. They also have Kati rolls here in an attempt to compete with the the other two purveyors of those food products on the same block. Fortunately, this is an agglomeration economy, and they can get away with it. I will probably be back, but I will be very careful not to spend too much money.
No word can explain how amazing this place. At first me and my friend were scared to try indian food bcuz its our first try trying it. So we search carefully for a amazing place we can lose our "virginity" with indian food. I can say this was the best!!! From the appetizer, the drink, the meal and the service was amazing. A small quit restaurant in the city that will give you what you looking for :)
Thought I'd venture out of my normal 5 delivery houses.  Mirch Masala looked good and rated higher on seamless.  I ordered the Samosa Chat and Malai Chicken Tikka.  I was up all night with severe abd. Pains then was throwing up every 10 minutes for about an hour. Think there's a reason I stay with the tried and true.
Don't know how a place called mirch masala does not know how to correctly cook indian food. Everything we ordered lacked salt, flavor. The food tasted  spoiled. The waiter was busy doing whatever behind the counter. Odd thing is to get to the bathroom you walk through the kitchen. The staff warns each other that someone is going to the bathroom. Everything is overpriced. Frozen food tastes much better. Don't waste your time here
Every dish here is exquisite.  They use fresh oils, so their food won't cause a stomach ache, which is a problem with many Indian restaurants. Love their lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka.  Very friendly service, as well.
Mitch Masala has good food, but it's no better than any other Indian restaurant I've been to in New York. I don't understand why it has such rave reviews! I'll give it another shot in a few weeks in person, versus ordering takeout, and see if I have a different experience.
Great taste. Fast service and one of the best Indian restaurant in New York. The best thing is that, there food always taste like home cooked food. And Most probably the fastest delivery of food ever.
Being far away from my home and not having access to a kitchen means that I usually am missing Indian food. But two days ago I was craving it sooo much that I went to Mirch Masala despite my broke-college-student status. And I was oh so satisfied :) the malai kofta was super creamy and soft, the garlic naan was hella nice, and they even had chaas! And not to mention, the servers were really nice ^^ if I wasn't living on my parents' money I'd definitely come here again and again!
Excellent Indian food at great prices. Speaking as a north Indian, I can attest to the high quality of the food in this place. It's a very pleasant surprise to find a restaurant in the village that has an actual tandoor in it, and a chef that knows how to use it!We usually come for chai and samosas (both of which are excellent), but we've also had the tandoori fair on several occasions and never left disappointed. The naans are perfect - fluffy, melt in your mouth good with just a hint of the tandoor char that you want. The gravies are flavorful and extremely well done. You won't be disappointed!
WOW.  I cannot get over how good this place is.  The food was divine.  The service impeccable.  Love finding little places like this...hidden among all the college/NYU college-bars.  I almost wish I wasnt writing this review-hope the kids dont make it too busy, lol.
Sorry Masala Times, but I am cheating on you with Mirch Masala, which is my new go-to take out Indian spot in the Village. It is timely (the food is always ready within 10 minutes), and the food is goooood. The chicken curries (especially the zafrani) are tasty, and the biryanis are my ultimate late night carbo-loading comfort treat.
Love this spot! I eat here at least once a week. My go-to order is the sautéed okra with garlic naan. The naan is super fresh! The general tsuo's cauliflower is great. As is, the tikka masala and they will make vegetarian versions of it for you. The vindaloo is a miss though.
Very good Halal Indian food. I love its chicken Zafrani and Saffron chicken dishes. They also have cheap lunch specials.
Great food. Awesome taste. Excellent service. Although the place is small it's clean, well maintained and the food is delicious.
The chicken tikka masala was not as flavorful as one would expect. It was rather sweet and the tomato flavor came through stronger than usual. I was disappointed. The reshmi kabab, however was delicious, tender, and had just the right amount of spice. It definitely saved the meal.
A small place serving Flavorful Indian dishes on the happening Macdougal street. With a limited number of seating capacity, one has to wait before getting a place. However the waitstaff is courteous and patiently handles the queue. The food here is better than average especially the breads and portions are descent. We ordered Navratan Korma, chicken tikka, garlic Naan and Paneer naan. Everything was just fine. But at prices so affordable, who's complaining!
Just ordered from here, based on Yelp reviews, and was quite pleased. The Saffron chicken was moist  flavorful, the Rosemary Nan was a nice remix and delicious, my husband loved his Mango Lassi and one of the sides we ordered. And our desert was excellent too. His only complaint was with the lamb, but I tried it and thought it was fine. The delivery time was a bit on the longer side, but over all I would recommend this place and will be ordering from them again.
Went with two good friends of mine on a Saturday night.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table.  My buddy Gabe is new to Indian food so we went for pretty standard fare: chicken tikka, lamb saag, chicken tandoori, and two orders of naan.  We started off with a lamb samosa each.The food was excellent.  The chicken tikka was the best I've had, though I have to say I've had better samosas in Jersey.  Not sure I would go for the chicken tandoori again; we got two legs, which weren't that easy to share.All of that cost us $22 a person when all was said and done, which is really a great deal.  The place is pretty intimate and is definitely going on my list of date spots.  I really appreciated how understated the decoration was and the small size.  That said, Mirch Masala is a bit small for groups and we waited longer for a table as a result.  Mirch Masala is a no-frills hole-in-the-wall serving up pretty awesome Indian food in the West Village.  It definitely has competition in the East Village, but I appreciate the excuse to hang out further west.
Everything was very good. Servers were very nice. Place is smallish but not cramped. We had samosa chaat which was a bit cool but very flavorful. The Rojan Josh with garlic nan and a dosa. The lamp was super tender and the garlic nan was perfectly garlicky.  The dosa was crispy and lovely but by then we were SO FULL!!!
When you first walk in you may be "underwhelmed", but give it a chance. First the service is awesome. I don't care how good a restaurant's food is; if the service sucks then the restaurant sucks.The ambience is so-so. It is small like other reviewers have said but also cozy.  My friend and I started with two orders of samosas, one chicken and one vegetable. We also ordered tea which was very good. The server explained to us that traditionally they do not sweetened the tea but he was sure to give us plenty of sugar and substitutes in order for us to sweeten to our liking. He also explained the sauces that were served with the samosas. I don't know this guy's name but he knows how to treat a customer!  I will say that the tea took too long.  I ordered a chai tea and it took longer than a chai at Starbucks with a line! For our entrees I had the chicken tikka masala and my friend had the sookah lamb. The sauce for both dishes was soooo good. We also ordered naan bread. The rosemary naan was AMAZING. The staff and who I assumed to be the manager were very attentive and even answered questions I had about a spice that was in my rice. I felt very comfortable asking questions since there was not a condescending tone like in other establishments.I had a good time talking and relaxing with my friend. It was an amazing meal. I did not use the restroom but my friend did and she said it was very clean. It's so gross when you eat in a "nice" restaurant and the bathroom looks worse that the Port Authority. This was a solid experience and I'm so glad that we chose this place for dinner, with a little help from Yelp of course ;-). Alas I cannot award five stars. The timing of the food was not the best. Since our tea took so long, the apps were a bit backed up, and then the food came out. The tables are so small that it made it a bit uncomfortable. If we had time to finish our appetizers before our entrees arrived that "traffic jam could have be avoided. Also, while one of the servers was respectful to us, she did seem to have a bit of an attitude with the boss. Her mumblings and grumblings made my friend and I stop mid-sentence, look at each other and ask, " Did you hear that, too?".  To me, this was more disturbing than the "traffic jam" mentioned earlier because it totally killed the mood. All the food was delicious, it's not a big deal if it came all at back to back.I did make one observation. The management may want to consider getting some extra chairs.  A party of six didn't mind squeezing into a table meant for four. The staff were very accommodating and borrowed chairs from another table in order to seat them. The problem came when two more people came in and needed a table for two. While there was an empty table, there were no chairs. If they had a few extras, then they could have seated them and I wouldn't have felt like I was on display at a zoo with people staring at me while I eat. I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!!!!!!!! Everything was great! This place may be small and a little crowded at times but the food is delicious!
Small place that has about 6 tables.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was half full.  The service was very good and the food was excellent.  I try to go for simple dishes the first time I try an Indian restaurant and was pleased with what I ordered (lamb biryiani, vegatable samosa and a mango lassi)  The portions are large.  I was happy I could order one samosa.
Some items are better than others. Meat and rice dishes were flavorful, the vegetarian dishes could've used more seasoning/spice. Wasn't really a fan of the naan. Overall it was pretty good, but needed some tweaking.
Great food.  Nice people.   Cool location.    We enjoyed it and will be back!
A+ Indian food that has me full before I'm even close to finishing my portion.The one qualm I have is that their delivery is kind of slow, but the food I think is quite quality with great lunch special deals.The restaurant itself is super tiny, but it's quite new looking and clean. All of the staff are incredibly polite and helpful as well, whether you're ordering delivery or actually eating in.This is my new favorite go-to place for Indian food in the Village.
Came here with a bunch of hungry Arabs craving Indian goodness. Couldn't have been any more satisfied. I highly recommend.
Stopped by around 4 pm for a late lunch, and managed to catch the tail end of their lunch special, which was pretty good value. They have an expansive menu, and pretty large portions.
The food is good, not the best Indian food I've had, but generally good especially for the price. Also the service was frienflyBut there are some problems with this place: first they serve water in plastic glasses as if you are on a picnic! Second they don't have restroom for customers and they have very limited space!
Came in for lunch and was super disappointed. Had the chicken tikka masala which was ok, but the amount of chicken was pitiful, there was like four small pieces! Food took longer than I expected but that could have also just been because I was really hungry. The consolation though is the garlic nann here is amazing and the staff was friendly. Wouldn't come back or recommend coming here unless you're just in it for the nann. Go to Thelewala instead.
This place is a gem. The food is amazing and flavorful. Their chicken marsala is juicy and tender. It also comes with rice, so it's super filling. The staff there is also incredibly nice. Lastly, the price is definitely reasonable and may even be viewed as cheaper than most other places around there.
Mirch marsala is simply amazing. The curry dishes are actually curry. None of that oily mess you'd get at other Indian places where half of the dish is inedible from all the oil. The garlic nan (actual garlic rubbed onto the nan) is a wonderful complement to the chicken zafari dish I ordered and of course the mango lassi is to die for. I recently went back and ordered the lamb biryani and it was soo delicious paired with a sour yogurt dipping. This place is worth the 5 stars as an up and coming indian restaurant on MacDougal.
We went with my friends to this super tiny restaurant. They have around 16 seats. There is no space to wait inside, you should wait outside in freezing weather for 30-45min even you were told it's 10 min wait !! We ordered 6 dishes, mango lassi n desert and here is the result :Chicken were smell like freezer. These very large price of chicken were : uncooked hard like-a-brick very , tasteless n blandMango lassi was too sour Desert : you get only two tiny golab jamon for $4.Waiter was polite but you go for food n environment which they don't have anything to offer. Easily one of the least attractive Indian food in Manhattan
We went to this little joint for the first time the other night - a real winner.Food: Biryani, a roll, and Palak Paneer (my standard comparison dish).  The Palak was fresh and spinachy and the paneer was firm with crispy edges. Probably the best Paneer I've ever had.  A very bright and vibrant dish compared to the usual soupy, greasy, "creamed" Palak Paneer one gets elsewhere.Staff: Awesome.  Friendly and helpful without being annoying.  Place: It's a casual sit-down place with 6 tables.  I guess they mostly will do take-out.  But it's clean and updated and cared for - it's not a take-out feel. The plates and silver are substantial and nice - no plasticware or bulk napkins.The bathroom is in the back THROUGH the kitchen.  Some people might think this is a nuisance -- but I loved it. First, the cooks were incredibly gracious as I passed them. Second the kitchen is CLEAN! Like, spic-n-span!  It was fascinating to watch them cook - I wanted to go slower through there just to take more of it in.Overall, I'll trek from BK to MH for this place.(Also, I noticed a table over, repeat customers complained that the dish they were eating was extremely hot in seasoning, unlike the last time they were there.  The staff replaced it within minutes without any grief at all.)FWIW our dishes were seasoned medium-to-mild. My GF felt a little sweat, and it bit my lips just a tiny bit.
Really great service and refreshingly authentic Indian food. I had been crazing good Indian food for a while. After many failed attempts, my hunger was satisfied at Mirch Masala! Do get the Okra!! It is absolutely amazing :)
Oh em gee..!!. I've been looking up and down for the right Indian food around where I work and I've most certainly found it!!! My fave is the Chicken Saag which is beautifully blended curry sauce and spinach dish, over marinated chicken breast, served with best basmati rice!! I love this place so much that I've recommended it to other members at my job. Great customer service too!! Bellisimo
I went there to eat when I visited NYU. The decision to eat here was made spontaneously, as walking on the street and trying to find a place to eat with my friend. We didn't know about the place at all. Wow, this was really amazing Indian food! One of the best Indian food I ever had. I also had the drink Chaas, a drink made with mint, cilantro and yogurt. As an ayran lover and Mediterranean, I loved it. It also goes so well with Indian food. You should give it a try. A very nice place to enjoy Indian food in the Village!
Ordered the chicken vindaloo to go. The portions were huge, chicken was soft, and overall the vindaloo was SO DELICIOUS. The next day I couldn't wait to get home to eat the leftovers which was still just as delicious!
Really good food. I like that you can buy a bowl of the masala sauce without any meat in it. The Chicken 65 appetizer is really flavorful.
Delivery was disappointing. Bhel Puri was soggy, chicken tikka masala lacked depth, and the palak paneer was terribly bland.
Wonderful food and service, very cute ambiance. It's a bit pricier compared to other Indian places I've tried in the city but well worth it. The lamb korma was delicious and so was the lemonade with a special blend of herbs that I've never had anywhere else. Seating is a bit tight for large groups (it's basically one long hallway) so I'd recommend calling for a reservation in advance or going during off hours to guarantee a spot.
Amazing food, I rarely eat Indian food but this was great...ordered a vegetarian dish and it was above my expectations...really good bread and sauces, highly recommend
This place is so bomb. The tikka masala curry is amazing as are the samosas. Great service very friendly! I come here often for lunch since I work in the area
Great staff and super friendly. Small place with like 4-5 tables. Great taste and quantity for a nice price. Only caveat is the naan that could be tastier. I recommend it
I was so excited to eat here because it had 4.5 stars, but there entree dishes were not good. The chicken in the chicken tikka Masala was very bland and tasted as if it was cooked separately from the sauce. Also the lamb saag sauce did not have good flavor, but the lamb in it was tasty. The only good food was the samosas and naan which is why I gave 2 stars instead of 1.
Value prices but delicious Indian cuisine, served by a polite and neat wait staff.  Small but trendy "Village" vibe spot, right in the heart of the West Village.  Easy to reach by subway or bus.
I've order from this place a handful of times for lunch at work, but this most recent time the food was DELICIOUS! The problem is usually that it's too pricey and too much food for lunch. So I ordered few dishes with colleagues and we split the food, and the highlight was the Chicken Zafrani! So good. If you like Indian food, you'll love this place!
Excellent food! Very fresh, tasty and homemade quality (we had Lamb Barrah Kabab and Classic Chicken Curry, with some garlic naan). Quiet place and great service.
Food was very fresh. Very friendly and efficient service. Ordered aloo Gobi which was perfectly non greasy. So was the channa masala.
Tikka masala and curries are my favorite. Tandoori is also great! The menu is pretty extensive for a small place and they have authentic Indian beverages like chai and iced tea.
Food is Okay but please do yourself a favor and do not order delivery from this place.  They take FOREVER.  After one hour I called and they respond with, " Yes your order will leave in about five minutes".  Over an hour and a half on a Monday is just too long to wait for so so Indian food.
Best West Village Indian Food! Just stopped in by chance one night and found amazing garlic and rosemary naan (make sure to order a side of tikka sauce to go with it!) and hospitable waiters. It's a humble little shop that does exactly what it's supposed to do at very reasonable prices. I inevitably end up there at least once a week for a quick bite before going out to some of the cool shops and bars that are nearby on Macdougal. P.S. the Mango Lassi is fantastic!
This restaurants has my favorite pairing - good food and good service. I got the lamb saag and was not disappointed. I ended being that guy eating off their friends plates. Definitely coming back again!
Delicious!!Ordered delivery and it was super hot upon its arrival.The chicken vindaloo was incredible -- usually things are never spicy enough for me, but this definitely hit the spot. It packed the perfect amount of heat.The portion was very generous and there was a ton of sauce to pour over the large portion of rice, as well. The papadums and the chutneys were great, too. Highly recommend.
Friendly staff and solid food.  Portions here are generous. Price point is on par with expectations. Dining in is cozy and comfy.
What a great Indian food experience overall! The restaurant is by no means fancy, but don't let that fool you. The food was absolutely delicious - chicken samosas were amazing with lots of flavor. Best samosa ever! The chicken tikka masala was tasty and the chicken was just right.The restaurant is neat  clean, but small. May not be great for more than a group of 4 people. It also feels like a hole in the wall when you walk in. The service was great - our server was knowledgable, friendly, and polite. The restaurant filled up while we were there and luckily the other customers were not overly loud or obnoxious.An overall great experience at a small Indian restaurant. I'll be back!
Really good and affordable but I've had great Indian food so it's okay to my standards
The food was pretty good but service was very slow. Our cups were empty the entire time and we had to ask them to order food and then for the check.
A great local place.  I've never strayed far from our standard order --- chicken tikka masala, Aloo Gobhee Adrak Masala, side of naan --- and it is always fantastic.  Probably 15 seats inside and I've had to wait before, but they are super nice and you can tell they really, really care about the product.  I am a huge fan; this is the kind of place that I really like to support (and the food is delicious).  5 stars for sure.BYOB.
Excellent place. Very small restaurant on a cheesy village street, but the place is clean and the food is excellent. Very complex vindaloo is one of the best I have had in NYC.
I always get the lamb vindaloo. It's so spicy. So good! This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants. Casual and delicious.
The best Indian in town! My favorites are the mulligatawny, vegetable samosa, and last but not least the Kashmiri Nan. Thanks Mirch for such delicious food.
Went with family on a visit to the city. There was no wait, we got a table right away. It's your standard Indian cuisine and it gets the job done. The staff was friendly and the prices were pretty reasonable for nyc. Overall a very good choice for Indian food.
Pretty good Indian place, I had the chicken vindaloo with my girlfriend, we loved it. Very spicy. I definitely recommend stopping by if you are in the area.  The service is very good too.
This place has a great reviews so we checked it out. without a doubt the staff is incredibly friendly. I just wish the food blew me away. It didn't. I ordered the vegetarian bhartha (eggplant curry), my all time fav and it tasted like flavorful pasta sauce.... weird. I hope it was a flook :-/
Great flavorful desi grub. Got the chicken masala with basmati rice and two veggie samosas with the chutney sauce. All good for lunch.
Really happy with my lunch takeout from here.  It showed up within 20 minutes of ordering and the portion was HUGE and tasty. I got the daily vegetarian special and it was so substantial, I ended up sharing with my co-worker. I will also the piping hot reviews from others.
Amazing!!!!! I really recommend this place!!!! Best food in the area and best service!!!! Came here after the comedy show and was blown away on how great it was!!
Super authentic and delicious! Like wow! Chicken Tikka masala, shrimp tandoori and Nav-rattan korma were so incredibly good. This place is unassuming and casual but the food is unreal. It's sure to satisfy your Indian craving. We saw a bunch of Indian people sitting inside when we walked and that was a great sign. Yelp don't lie. This place is awesome.
My meal there was pretty tasty. However, the lamb roll I took to go was way too spicy. Empty on a thursday late night.
Good not great Indian food. Lunch specials come with half plate full of bland white Basmati rice no spices. Service slow and inattentive.
This small resturant was a surprise find. It is an awsome location and the food is great. Although the place is small, the service makes up for it. The waiters were very friendly. Espically the lady waitress. She has a good sense of humor ,very welcoming and very nice service. Made us feel comfortable. The service was fast and effective. Chana masala,kebab rolls and dal gosh are highly recommended. If u want great indian food in a reasonable price away from the fancy indian places in manhattan...this is definately the place to be
Fantastic Indian food! Had the chicken biryani, chana masala and of course nAan...sooo yummy! Definitely coming back soon!!
Mirch masala is a very good place to sit and eat as its very clean and everything is organized. The food is presented very nicely on the table by the staff who are very quick in their service. The food over here is very yummyyyy.. Especially the aloo mash masala kathi roll was so good. The butter nans are so soft and laccha paratha was very delicious. And Will be back again soon....
Wonderful service, wonderful food, great prices... hands down the best indian food in the village. Open late too!!
This is my favorite Indian food spot in the village. Service is quick and the food tastes authentic. The prices are also pretty good. Their lunch special is worth it. Quick tip: you get more food (or so I think) if you order the lunch special to go than if you stay and eat it there.
absolutely fabulous ...lol ..clean efficient and great food.I loved the pleasant service.this was my first time here and I enjoyed it
Terrible fluorescent tikka masala sauce and meat of dubious quality. I couldn't finish it.
We ordered take out and it was amazing.  We had garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and another chicken dish and loved it. They were very friendly and didn't take too long.  The interior is intimate and clean.  Definitely will order here again or dine in next time.
As Indian food goes, pretty typical. Had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom - also typical
I had a craving for Indian cuisine and found this place on yelp . I must say this was the very best I've ever tasted . My date and I equally enjoyed. Its small and intimate perfect one on one conversation.
I live around the corner from this place and saw all the great reviews, so decided to try it out and it was delicious! I had the chicken reshmi roll and the poultry special of the day with naan bread, which was a lot of food, and it was really good!
This small, intimate, place serves delicious Indian food. Rich but light flavors, at very attractive prices that allow you to ignore that many of the items are served in take-out style dishes and drink ware. We had a thoroughly tasty and satisfying meal for four of us for about $60. You can't beat that! Pleasant if somewhat overwhelmed service, and Spartan décor, but we will return if in the area again.
restaurant was small but food was good. our waiter was very friendly. we ordered samosas (veggies and chicken, 2 of each). my date ordered the spicy lamb dish and I ordered the cauliflower potato dish. both came with white rice. we also ordered the spiced ice tea, which was okay, but unsweetened. the atmosphere was very good for date night, as well as the music, which was all in Indian. felt like an authentic Indian restaurant. would recommend
Excellent restaurant. The staff there are very friendly. Most are really from India and Nepal. To my unrefined sense of taste to Indian food, the taste wasn't bad. We had triditional curry chicken and nan and Indian rice. All are very good. Worth coming back. The area is in west village. Good for late munchie after some drinking.
Great food -- particularly the palak paneer. Great naan. The prices are a little high, but worth it. Friendly but very slow service. Expect to be there for at least 40 minutes for lunch.
Their food is delicious and very flavorful. That's the good part. There are two downsides, however:  the prices aren't great and the portions are rather on the small side. Additionally, if you're looking for charming decor or a cozy atmosphere, this isn't the place.
Second time here in the same week because the food is that amazing! Great quality and tastes like home-cooked indian food.  Not drenched in oil or butter like your run of the mill indian restaurant.Classic chicken curry, dal tadka, and bhendi are all phenomenal. Tandoori roti is great as well. Excellent restaurant addition to the neighborhood!
I'm a new Indian food lover, and it was simple to find what I liked here. Brought some friends for their first Indian food experience, and they had a good time as well! If you're not a newb, this place has great variety  the flavors are delicious. If you are new, I recommend the Chana Masala and some Nan. The service was friendly and we felt welcome. Great for late night or right before a comedy show!
