So I was in the mood for some warm soupy food and I was yelling and saw this place and decided to try it out. I had never tried hot and sour soup before in my life. So I decided to try it out. Omg what have I been missing out all my life!? Their soup was soooo good! I ordered  seconds. I also got their chicken and pork dim sum. It was very flavorful. I could have had 2 whole dishes of that too. I also got their sesame ball which was a pleasant surprise. Not a huge fan of the inside filling. But I loved the crunchy outside. The only thing I would probably add is maybe have some sort of spicy sauce coz their spicy sauce was not spicy at all.
The Crispy Milk is sooo good! the dipping sauce complemented very well to the taste! love the creativity! the dimsum here esp the xiao long bao is way much better than Joe's Shanghai. But most of all the service is really good! we went here today for lunch at around 12:30pm and they were so nice and attentive to our needs! hoe they'll keep this up!
This place was great to stop in and get a quick fix of dim sum! I like how they have a mixed basket for single diners and it was very good! I also had the sticky rice in lotus leaf which I always love. Overall I had a very good experience! TIP!!!! Between 3-5 dim sum is half off!
I frequent the 46th St one and found out they've opened this one recently. Went in today and had the shrimp, roasted duck dim sums. Even tried a rice cake steamed in lotus leaf and a fried milk dim sum. As always everything was good. This one is more spacious than the 46th St one and are open till late.
It is the best Cantonese and dim sum place in midtown. You can try the dim sum platter, which includes 8 different types. I love the chives dumplings most, very juicy. The beef chow fun is also very traditional and delicious. The waiter are very friendly. Try it out!
Terrific dumplings in a sweet atmosphere with quick and courteous service. Loved everything we tried and told our server  who then comped us desert also fabulous.  Just go you'll love it.
Stopped in for lunch with my mom and were happy to find the place not super full like a lot of the dim sum places on the west coast. Ordered the pork and shrimp shumai, shrimp dumpling, shrimp egg roll, bbq pork bun, soup dumplings, chicken feet and house special seafood fried rice. Everything came out hot and paired well with the sauces (soy sauce, ginger oil, chili oil, and ginger soy sauce) Definitely recommend for a Lowkey dim sum joint.
Love this place. Stopped in randomly to have dim sum here and had the best experience. They just opened a week ago and the food is so good. We ordered a variety of dim sum and also clams and boiled fish. It was all excellent. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a clean and enjoyable Chinese dim sum experience.
If your in the city looking for a good place to eat Chinese foods or dim sum this place is the place. The food here are amazing! This is there second location, the first one is on 46th st and 8th Ave. Living in midtown is to find a good place to eat dim sum. I have to travel to Chinatown or flushing just for some dim sum and wait in long line and also some of the dim sum is not that good in Chinatown.
Nice family dinner. Food is very good and nice presentation. The dim sum is good too!
Great steamed char siu bao and dim sum in Midtown. Service is good and prices decent for the area as well. A good chinese spot in Hell's Kitchen for sure.
This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in the midtown. If you're going to splurge,this is the place to do it.The service is prompt. I love this place.
I usually do take take out with them. One day I intend to go in person. Their good is probably one of the best comfort foods when im at work in midtown. The shrimp dumplings are great.
It was fine. I've had better and I've had worse. Probably won't return but if you're in to dim sum it's a decent option.
The dim sum was fine everything else was well below average with an above average price.Ordered noodles which tasted like they were made last week.Don't go...get a donut instead(Waiters also rude)
This place has excellent food and excellent service! Dim sum was delicious and so was the regular entrée dishes. They give you dipping sauces with your dim sum.
Excellent! They don't have wine but there's a wine shop across the street and they have wine glasses!  Excellent food dim sum in NYC!
My friend and I came by after our trip to Moma and ventured to this place by chance. We LOVE dim sum and was pleasantly surprised they served dim sum in midtown. They make their dim sum in house and it's amazing. We ordered 5 dim sum to share and a dish of noodles. It is a bit pricy but well worth it. The service was excellent and food yummy.
This is no Palace.  Upon arrival I was greeted by dirty utensils (Chopsticks), tasteless soup, a pork bun with the paper so stuck to it that me and my daughter (6) both ate it, and disgusting steamed sticky rice with pork rolls made with canned meat and scraps.  I would imagine this is what Aria serves her special pies (GOT reference).
This is the newest Dim Sum Palace opening in Midtown, following the successful 334 West 46th st location. Dim sum is house-made and served on trays, instead of carts. Nothing has been sitting in a steam box at the bottom of a cart for too long. Everything is guaranteed to be fresh and is made on demand. The best way to eat steamed dim sum is when it's absolutely hot and fresh (within the first 10 minutes). If you are not satisfied with your order, the manager, waiter or waitress will take your order back to the kitchen and will replace it. Once you take a bite of our mouth-watering dim sum, you'll definitely keep coming back for more! Please enjoy our food!
The food was OK. We tried roasted duck, hot and sour soup, beef noddle, and Mongolian beef. All were not bad. The service was quite good and friendly.
It was good to see a dimsum restaurant open around this area. I love dimsum.  They have you fill out the menu and tick off what you want instead of the traditional carts that gets wheeled around.  They give you 3 dipping sauces which is nice, a soy sauce, a ginger scallion sauce, and I forgot the 3rd sauce.  They also offered specialty teas (pricy), but you can opt for the free house tea.  Good selection, fast service.  Since you have to select the dimsum, they do cook it so you have to wait a bit but it's fresher.  The air conditioner wasn't as high as I'd like, but I liked the food here and would try this place again.
Great find!  If you are in the area and looking for easy dim sum with good entrees to blend it with come here.  Super friendly staff and delicious.
Dimsums are ok, but they use instant ramen noodles on their noodle menus (worth 50 cents) and threw in some veggies and meat. Will never order from here again.
This place is a hidden gem! Are you craving for authentic delicious dim sum? Then this is the place to go, you do NOT need to go to Chinatown anymore! Our family practically ordered the whole menu (please take a look at the pictures) and it did not disappoint... the dessert (seasame and green tea balls) were delish as well! The ambiance is clean and contemporary, most importantly the Dim Sum Palace staff (manager, server, and chef) were so accommodating and so so nice. We will definitely be back!
We were  actually run into this one randomly, it's 9pm. But their food and service is really good, so I definitely recommend this one for dim sun.
It's a bit expensive, but it's worthy. The best Dim Sum I have had since I arrived in NYC a month ago. Will definitely come again.
We came between 3-5 PM, half off dim sum, best deal in town. Delicious food and excellent service!
i work a few blocks away and this Chinese restaurant recently opened, so my friends and I came by to try. Their Chinese food is excellent . It is really good. We've been back three times already for lunch and we plan on coming by more in the future. 5 thumbs up
Food is not bad but also not great. The Crispy Vegetable Rice Noodle Rolls were too salty. The Chicken Feet were not soft and tender enough. The skin was still stuck to the bone which made it harder to eat. The Taro Cilantro Pork Dumplings were ok, nothing special. The Pork & Thousand Year Egg Congee tasted good but for $6.25 for a tiny bowl is definitely overpriced. The best of all dishes were the Pan Fried Tiny Buns. The bun was a bit thick but was pan fried properly and flavorful, especially with a bit of the ginger sauce. While the service is not bad, the execution needs quite a bit of improvement. The table is very tiny. With 2 people ordering just 4-5 dishes, we had to constantly shuffle things around to make room. Overall, this place is just ok. The quality of food and dining experience didn't live up to the price. I would only come here in a pinch.
Eeeeh.. came in for the happy hour. This place is nothing special. I'm not sure why all the awesome reviews.. we were a little disappointed
Best dim sum in mid-town and available. The happy hour has the delicious morsels at half-price.
Tried this place a week after they opened. Ordered the chicken dumplings (not great and dark meat filling) scallion pancakes (boring) and made the mistake of ordering a Peking duck. Well the duck came out far too fast. They didn't cook it properly and the fat on the skin was not rendered down as it should be. To top it off the waitress who was carving it had apparently never carved a Peking duck and was being taught on Our Duck how to do so by one of the other waiters. The only thing that was decent was the steamed buns that came with the duck. Not many Chinese options in midtown, but this is not worth the time or money!
Genuine Chinese food in midtown, I would say this place can beat chinatown dim sum places hands down. I've grown up in chinatown and this place brings back amazing memories of authentic Chinese food
I love this restaurant. It's right by my boyfriends work place and we often go here to eat. Their dim sum is legit and on point. Yummy! They've only been open for a month and we've already gone five times and will continue to go often. It's a must try if you're in the neighborhood.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. The restaurant is inviting as they have their menu featured nicely outside the restaurant. There was no wait and we were seated right away. The servers weren't overly friendly but the food was good. The soup dumplings and crispy garlic spare ribs are amazing!! The chicken dumplings did not have much taste which I was a bit disappointed with. To end the meal we had the crispy green tea rice balls which were interesting; they were crunchy with a peanut butter taste on the inside. Overall it was a good spot for lunch and I would go again!
Nicer location compared to the other one on 46th & 8th ave. Very pricey for dim sum, but given the area and the fact that it's available for dinner makes it somewhat acceptable. However, the only good items were the shrimp dumpling and shu mai. The pan fried buns and sticky rice had barely any filling or flavor and the pan fried pork and chive dumplings seemed like it was frozen.The main reason for my 2 star rating though is for the awful customer service. I found a hair in one of my dishes and asked for it to be replaced. At the end of the meal, the manager did not apologize or comp the dish, but brushed it off when he asked how everything was. I would have been willing to let it go if it wasn't for the fact that when I was leaving after paying my bill, the manager rushed to grab the check (hovering over me to the point I had a hard time getting out of the booth) to see how much I tipped. As if he was going to stop me from leaving if I did not tip enough. REALLY DUDE?!? Skip this place unless you want to pay midtown prices for chinatown service.
Woohoo!  This is super exciting, I live few blocks away,  I no longer  have to travel to Chinatown or Flushing for authentic Dim Sum and Cantonese food.   I have been Cantonese for a long time, so I know good and Authentic Dim Sum and Canto food when I taste it.   One of my favorite here is their egg cream custard bun, it's a perfect balance between sweet and savory from the salt cured egg yolk and the sweet cream in a heavenly steamed bun, just because it's mouth burning hot but totally worth risking your tongue for this amazing treat...
The most authentic dim sum place in the city- and that's coming from a family from hong kong. Only place i can find savory, fresh, clean and non-overwhelming dim sum. My favorites are shrimp dumpling, shu mai (the classic shrimp/pork), spare ribs, rice in lotus leaf, SHRIMP ROLLS. Finish off with coconut pudding and sweet egg bun as dessert. Bonus points for the service and ambiance. They serve tea in the cutest tea pots.
Fat Peter rating system. as follows: STARS- standard yelpCHANCE I WILL BE BACK- YesWhy I went -Friend recommended Food was good.  Location was ok.  quiet for my meeting .dim sum comparable to flushing but a bit priceier.  Ha how / shu mei  good
Food was ok but the service was horrible, when we went there it was practically empty but we still had to wait for service. Prices were ok, over prices for chinese food but obviously expected in the city. Like I said if you are not patient enough you may not enjoy yourself because of the poor service.
Nothing special here. Prices are reasonable and service ok. Close enough to theatre district to be convenient and able to sit down for a quick dinner. Wouldn't say the dim sum was anything other than just ok
Very, very good dim sum. Wife and I were visiting from D.C. and we're glad we stopped in. We shared six dishes and each was delicious, but the crispy pork spare ribs and chicken soup dumplings were the best. Service was fast and very friendly. If we're ever back in this part of NYC we would definitely come back.
Amazing dim sum!  The staff were attentive and polite, the food was served piping hot and fresh (dim sum here are apparently prepared fresh daily, as opposed to most dim sum shops who order from warehouses), and the environment was clean and airy.  Great place for a casual dinner with terrific Chinese food.  Make sure to top off your dinner with the creamy egg yolk bun for dessert.  Surprisingly (for a dim sum place) the other offerings are plentiful- meats, veggies, tofu, noodles, and even 6 varieties of congee!  Highly recommend!!!!
I will never eat or Oder from here again. It look so long for delivery  after several ( 4x) calls to the restaurant and being disconnected 3x while put on hold. The food was ok - and frankly I would order from them again if the experience was easy as it should be. Also it's a pricey considering the portion size but I think good quality.
Always amazes me that there's such a dearth of authentic Chinese restaurants in midtown Manhattan.  I was eager to try Dim Sum Palace right when it opened over the July 4th weekend.  It did not disappoint.  The quality of the dishes probably deserve somewhere between 4 to 5 stars. However the location, the setting and the eager-to-please hostess make it an easy round up to 5 stars.
Very crappy dumplings. The Shanghai soup dumplings all came broken, so none had any soup in them, and the rest of the dumplings were mediocre at best. The one redeeming dish that earns the second star is the chives and shrimp dumplings which are decent. I now understand their 50% off happy hour special - although the food here is not even worth _that_
Really glad I finally found a Chinese Restaurant that serves the HK Pan Fried Noodle with the type of noodle that I liked. I tried couple other Chinese Restaurants around here, the noodles were just not the right ones... Definitely will try their other dishes next time!
Ordered Dim Sum Palace from UberEats and I could say I am beyond disappointed. I ordered a mediocre to tasteless "Shanghai Fried Rice" that literally only has a few Scallions and maybe half an egg as the two ingredients and this was $13! It was masked with a lot of MSG. I also ordered a very bland "Pork Congee with preserved Egg" which was in an extremely small soup container for whooping price of $5.95. Extremely over price!!! I also asked for a side of hot sauce which also did not come with the order.Please do not order here if you are looking for an authentic Chinese spot or want to waste a dime. Highly not recommended.
We ordered take out dinner from here on 9/23/17-- broccoli beef, Hong Kong style noodles, and fried rice.  All the dishes tasted very good.  I was pleased that the cuts of beef were good quality and tender and NOT the stringy pieces that are hard to chew and choke down that some restaurants serve.  I would order from here again.
Best Dim Sum in NYC!  I was surprised with the high quality of the food since it is definitely much better than the ones at Chinatown.  Reasonable price for excellent tastes!  Very friendly waiters and speedy service.  Overall fabulous dining experience at this place!  Recommended to the people want to try the authentic Hong Kong Dim Sums!
This Char Siu Pau, happens to be the BEST in NYC, with Chatham square, baked coming in a close second. All around great dim sum, and great Chinese Food. Excellent and attentive staff, rare for dim sum. I Love this place,
Yesterday afternoon was the 2nd time that I ordered from here and the person who delivered my food was rude on the phone both times.  He should not raise his voice to tell me to come get my food at the door.  He lacks courteousness, which in Chinese is:  limao.  The food itself was not bad, but the unpleasant experience with this person makes the food much less enjoyable.
The only positive this place had was it's friendly service. My wife and I came here hoping for some delicious dim sum, we were extremely disappointed. The turnip cakes had bits of pork in them, which I have no issue with but my wife doesn't eat pork and the menu did no specify that they contained meat. The pork scallion dumplings were bland, and I found myself having to knaw on the pieces of pork, not lean at all. My wife ordered the chicken dumplings and she said they were pretty tough as well, most of the food was very bland, they didn't have any XO or gyoza sauce as most dim sum establishments do. The roast pork buns were decent, and their shrimp dumplings literally just had 1 piece of shrimp in them (extremely bland) I honestly had high hopes for this place and I feel terrible for my wife because she unknowingly ate pork. If you do come here be sure to ask what is in each dish as you may get a surprise.
Great Chinese food and all day long fresh steamed dim sum!! Will cone back again soon
Nice renovation, and great staff, authentic Cantonese food! Would definitely come back!
Excellent food! We had dim sum for appetizers and had a full  dinner afterwards. Twin lobsters and the Dungeonous crabs were amazing. Service staff is friendly unlike some other Chinese restaurants. Service staff provided excellent service to my family.
This place just opened. It is clean, ambiance is nice, there is no glam or trendy vibe to it and all the wait staff was very nice and attentive, everyone is smiling.  Now the food.  We ordered some dim sum, it was very good.  Then we ordered about 6 dishes. Everything was very good.  So many things on the menu.  If you are in the area and craving Chinese, this place should not disappoint!
It was a surprise to find authentic dim sum in the middle of Manhattan.  All the dumplings were delicately made and tasted delicious.  Service was great.  I will definitely come back when I visited New York next time.
We took my 80 year old mother out and we all really enjoyed the meal. We had 5 different dim sum and liked them all. The service was also great.
