Of course the ambience is awful  so no first dates here but if you want a solid little dumpling house and are nowhere near China town or the east village then this could be your spot. It's clean fast and pretty  tasty.
I was very interested in trying this place because a place must be good if they're brave enough to call themselves "excellent." I was disappointed that they no longer had the rainbow/colorful dumpling sampler but I wasn't disappointed by the items I did order. I tried pork xiao long bao (XLB-soup dumplings), crab XLB, wontons in spicy sauce, and scallion pancakes. All items were delicious and were served pretty fast. The waitress was accommodating and let us move to a table near an outlet since we needed to charge our phones. They have a lot of other menu items outside of dumplings. The interior isn't too interesting and the lighting was a bit dim. They have more than 1 location. XLB are great for cold weather days! I've had better scallion pancakes before but I still thought the 1s here were great.
At first glance, it appears to be a coffee shop.  After all, the colors say so.  Brown tables, brown chairs, white ceiling, beige floor.  But as the eyes adjusted, I noticed the red vinyl wall bench that's at least 100 feet long, and cool mural as a backdrop.  The hanging lights are tasteful and modern.  The simple artwork on the rear wall is quaint.Warm salutations in Chinese and English at the door, and "service with a smile" goes such a long way to a good start of a dining session.  The service, by the way, was great throughout the meal: attentive, pleasant, and totally on-point.The menu has numerous dumplings (15 or so), and surprising for me, all the Chinese food you can come to expect from a Chinese restaurant -- not just a dumpling place.  Standards like hot pot, scallion pancake, fried rice, lo mein, chicken and pea pods, and all the beef and broccoli you can handle.I just wanted a snack, so I feasted on XLB, better known as, Xiao Long Bao, my favorite dumplings of all time!1.  Steamed Crabmeat Xiao Long Bao (6 pcs, $8.95, 4.5 stars] -- meaty, filled with both Crab and pork, closer to a shu mai in taste along with a terrific soup filled in every mouthful.      2.  Steamed Xiao Long Bao (6 pcs, $7.50, 4.0 stars] -- unlike Caroline Y, I do not agree, these are not as good as DTF (Din Tai Fong).  But don't be said Excellent chefs, no one is that good.Overall, a really EXCELLENT experience and I'll be pining for more and more.  Next visit in NY, I'll be back with friends.
Great soup dumplings-- vey gingery broth. Scallion pancakes are deep fried, very delicious and crispy. Went at noon on a Sunday, no wait for table of two. Steamed pork dumplings were also great. Definitely recommend!
After reading great reviews of this place I had to try it out. Ordered the pork bun, soup dumplings and pastrami pancakes. The pork bun was amazing and by far the best I've had in NYC. Great tasting pork filling and the bun was perfectly made.The soup dumplings were good but not the best I've had. I found them a little dry but decent in all other areas.The pastrami pancakes were a bit different and the reason I ordered them. I was expecting the flavour to be off as pastrami isn't a usual choice for Asian food but I was surprised at how well these worked. Nice combination of flavours that are definitely worth checking out if you pay this place a visit.
In Chelsea and craving soup dumplings, but don't want to make the trek down to Chinatown? Go here! The name of the restaurant is pretty straight forward.I had both kinds of xiao long baos and they were both really good. The soup inside the dumplings was plentiful and not overly salty, and the dumpling skin was perfect and none of them ripped before I bit into them. The service was also really attentive with multiple servers checking up on me and consistently refilling my water.Yay.
This review is just for the dumplings. We came here at about 6 looking for a light dumpling dinner. I have the one in Chinatown and remember that their soup dumplings were fantastic. So we decided to give it a go. The dumpling menu is the same as the Chinatown location but they have a very extensive dinner menu here. The prices are also much higher than Chinatown but then it's Chelsea.We just had a portion of the pork soup dumplings and the spinach dumplings. Both were incredible. the pork soup dumplings are some of the best I have had in the city. I love how the dumpling skin/wrapper is really thin and the filling is made with care and tastes so fresh. I was surprised by how much I liked the spinach dumpling , it had so much flavor even without the dumpling sauce. I love how they haven't stuffed their dumpling with glass noodles just to cut costs. They have plenty of vegetarian options through the menu. The service couldn't have been nicer, they even offered to teach us the right way of eating our soup dumplings. We will certainly be back to try the rest of their dumplings.
The Quick: Food is very good, service is non-existent, and it's pricier than other dumpling options in the area. Not bad but I would choose Auntie Guans any day.The Details: I'm  a big dumpling fan. I love going to Chinatown and spending a dollar for five dumplings, trying all of those 'hole in the wall places' where no one speaks English. After hearing of excellent dumplings success downtown, I was excited for its opening. Overall my experience was "meh". The dumplings were definitely good, but overpriced with that hole in the wall nonexistent service. The Combination just didn't make sense. I would try to again if her friend really wanted to go, otherwise I would go elsewhere for dumplingsThe Damage: ~ $8 for 6 dumplings
TLDR; What are soup dumplings, they make amazing soup dumplings, bit pricey but worth it!My weekend in New York would not have been complete if I didn't get my xiao long bao(soup dumpling) fix.  Xiao Long Bao, or soup dumplings are dumplings that are filled with congealed soup base and a meat filling and it's all encased in a dumpling wrapper.  When steamed, the soup melts and the dumplings are now filled with soup and the meat filling.Pursuing through yelp, we stumbled upon this place in the Chelsea neighborhood.  The price is a little bit more expensive for 6 dumplings than other places, but it's well worth the money! I recommend the crab soup dumpling.  The soup is thick, rich, and super yummy.  While the filling is very flavorful and scrumptious.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The service was amazing as well, granted I came around 3pm which is after the lunch rush and before the dinner rush.  Overall, I will be coming back to try other foods that they have to offer!
Good dumplings for apps. Had Dan Dan Noodles for meal. Both good. Brother also had garlic chicken.
They have the right name. Excellent Dumpling House is Excellent.  We came here for lunch and had the duck chopped into nice sized pieces,  shrimp dish with carrrots, celery, peanuts and hot chilies, crab "dumplings" but I think they called something else - xiao long Bao - pork dumplings or whatever, and noodle soup with slow cooked chunks of beef.  Everything was excellent - fresh, fragrant and very tasty. I'm not an expert on Chinese food but these dishes all were nicely prepared, very well seasoned and ample. The servers here are very good - and the place was hopping busy but they handled everything efficiently and were friendly. On top of it all - the place is cheerily decorated, modern and clean and the prices were very, very reasonable. Definitely a book mark and go to in Chelsea.
The place lives up to its name. I went to Dimsum Palace the next day and this place was easily the winner. Excellent xialongbao/soup dumpling and excellent service. Loved their sizzling seafood noodle dish too! A must try :)One thing I want to mention is that I do not quiet understand the negative review on the ambience, because it wasn't bad at all. It wasn't super, but certainly warm, clean, lively, and pleasant enough with the owner walking from table to table to make sure everyone's happy and full.
Most of dim sum dishes were very good, along with soup dumplings.Large dishes were quite pricy with small portion. Also not feeling very authentic. The pastrami Pancake was very bad.Would come back for dim sum.
I ordered the mushroom vegetable dumplings and a spring roll and both items were absolutely marvelous! The dumpling dough was super thin so the filling was really the star of the show. The spring roll was also quite good, worlds away from being greasy it was crispy and delicious. If it wasn't such a trek for me to get here there would be nothing stopping me from eating here everyday, so needless to say I will definitely be returning when I'm in the area again.
This time we tried the shrimp; spinach; mushroom/veg dumplings; and scallion pancake.  Loved them all!  My favorites were the spinach; my friend's the mushroom.  The shrimp dumplings were also very tasty and fresh!Very convenient location right of the 1; great, attentive, friendly service!
Bae told me it's about time I write a review for a restaurant we've been to twice. I've been trying to hold back because I honestly don't want a line out this restaurant. Guys, it's that effin' good. Soup dumpling (XLB) galore and then every other dish we've tried just makes you wonder why you didn't try Excellent Dumpling House before.Honestly, after having tried so many Chinatown spots for soup dumplings I'm convinced no one can beat Excellent Dumpling House. The dumpling wrappers are THIN, yes THIN. And, there's LOTS OF SOUP. Ugh, this place is so perfect!If you aren't a fan of XLB, don't worry there's other options for you too. Definitely try their scallion pancakes with pastrami, crispy flounder filet with spicy tangy garlic sauce. triple delight and the calamari. All options above were recommended by a waiter who truly knew what he was talking about. Crispy flounder filet had a crispy flour coating but the inside was soft and melt-in-your-mouth worthy. The savory and sweet combinations went well together and was a real hit for me and Bae. The triple delight was a shocker for me! Every piece of meat was so tender and cooked to perfection. AND, they sizzle it in front of you. MY OH MY. And that pastrami with scallion pancake takes it to a whole new effin' level of scallion pancakes. Who thought of that? Because that person is a genius! Ugh, maybe i'll order delivery tonight. This place is damn good. Side note: please don't make a line out that door. I gotta eat too. :)
Excellent Dumpling House isn't too shabby. This location is very clean and spacious. The service is surprisingly good. The food is great, though slightly pricier than similar cuisine found in Chinatown. At least it's not as touristy and busy in comparison, so you can actually have your space and be able to hold a conversation. Big fan of the pastrami scallion pancake roll. Very interesting take by replacing the traditional beef with pastrami. The soup dumplings taste very clean, but is a little more gingery than usual. The hot and spicy wontons are okay. The fried dumplings are great.
Sumptuous and comforting is everything this new Chinese place represents, and I'm so happy it joined the Chelsea neighborhood, where it was definitely needed.You gotta get: - the soup dumplings: so soupy and flavorful and rich- chicken clay pot entree: sweet chicken flanked with snap peas and asparagus, rice, ginger and garlic, sweet and savory and incredible- the shrimp fried rice: perfectly cooked shrimp with just-greasy-enough fried rice and surprisingly clean flavor.5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!
The food and service were great.  Dinner was reasonably priced $27 with a bottle of wine. Wear your noise cancelling headphones! Could barely hear my companions conversation.
I agree with some of the other reviewers about the prices. It is definitely over-priced Chinese food, but kind of worth it. Ordered the pastrami scallion pancake, which was $10(!!!!!), but really good. The pancake was savory and flavorful. The pastrami was painted with hoisin sauce and sprinkled with a few strips of cucumber. Together, you get a mouthful of fatty, tangy, crunchy meaty, crispy goodness. Also had the Shanghai dumplings ($7.50) and stuffed tofu with shrimp and mushrooms in black bean sauce ($20). The dumplings were really good. Skin was thin, as was the soup. I did find fat in the soup, but it wasn't rubbery chunks. More like dispersed bits and you couldn't taste it. Soup was light and complemented the meat filling well. The stuffed tofu was stuffed with little shrimp, but we couldn't find a single mushroom in the entire dish. My friend did find a hair in one of the tofu, which I'm like, "ew" about, but note the 4 stars even with the hair. The only food item we didn't like was the soup vegetable mushroom dumplings. There was no soup inside; they were just steamed. The skin was so sticky, I couldn't get the dumpling off my chopsticks. Filling was blah. Nothing special.The service was great. Quick and attentive. I dropped my chopsticks and a passing waiter ran to get me a new pair. While putting on our coats, the owner/manager refilled our water glasses. We said we were leaving and it wasn't necessary, but he insisted. Overall, a little pricey, but great food and great service!
It's absolutely horrible that I have to run back and forward asking the waiters where is my credit card that they took. They made me wait 30 minutes to even bother to find it and the next thing I know is that my card was charged twice from my bank. I love the food and I'm Chinese, so you can imagine how angry am I with this location for their lack of professionalism and bad service as a long time customer at the Chinatown location. Very disappointing!
Food is perfect and the service is really good. Welcoming and friendly staff. Definitely highly recommend this dumpling house.
Soft Opening - Food was good, service was attentive and the soup dumplings were tasty. We had a mix of menu items and the only observation was the hot and sour soup was not quite finished. For the prices, $16.95 the entrée portion size heeds to be in alignment with other restaurants. The Sesame portion was on the light side. The secret here is to stand out somehow and not fall into the Chinese restaurant status quo. In my opinion, the owner was the charm of the restaurant. He needs to be sure to go to every table and use his magic. We look forward to going back and trying some more authentic Chinese selections. Keep up the good work!
The food was tasty and clean.  I ordered kung pao chicken and it did the job.  I recommend this place.
Came here last night for take out. I ordered the regular pork dumpling and they were delicious.  For some reason, it taste like Xiao Long Bao (Im sure what a Xiao Long Bao looks like, and i did not made a mistake ordering). I will come back again.
Soup dumplings that I don't have to trek to Chinatown for! Great! Quick service for a quick meal. Perfect. I am looking forward to eating my way through the menu.
In a word, amazing!!! The soup dumplings are some of the best I've had...Service was wonderful!!!
I have been going to the old location on Lafayette which I was heartbroken to see closed. Thanks to the power of google, I found their new location. A $30 round trip uber was well worth it. The food was just as good if not better than I remembered. The dumplings in their wonton soup were super tasty. My friend was raving about the spicy dumplings. A must try!
Very good food at a very good price.        It's hard not finding a good place to eat in the city.   I am very happy we went here.
It's fine. Had a sample of different buns and xiao long bao and thought it was all decent. Service was pretty minimalistic, as is typical of most Chinese restaurants. I also tried the Shanghai sizzling noodle dish (I mean this is shit only made up after Chinese immigrants came over here. Shanghainese ppl do not do noodles) which was surprisingly good. Don't think I would go out of my way to come here, but if you're in Chelsea and craving...Chinese food, this is a doable option.
Great food,  great service with reasonable prices. I'm a foody and will definitely come back here.
Spring rolls were great, but small portion (same for miso soup). I ordered the lunch special box with vegetables. Not the best selection of vegetables, but the brocoli was good. Fried rice was not good, but the rice in my companions chicken bowl was delicious. The price was great, and te interior was nice, but the food wasn't the best.
Delicious soup dumplings! Everything is very high quality, thrilled to have them in the neighborhood!  Get the chicken fried rice, pork buns, and as many soup dumplings as you can fit in your stomach.
I'm THRILLED to finally have an awesome Asian food restaurant in town. Just ordered my first delivery from here. I ordered the steam pork dumplings and they were excellent! Highly recommend and I look forward to ordering again soon.
Decent dumplings for Chelsea. Obviously will be more expensive than what you would pay in Chinatown but if you want your xiao long bao fix this is a good safe choice. Had the dumplings for lunch today and the pork meat was fresh and the dumpling skin is very thin. I liked that the soup wasn't too salty or fatty. Scallion pancakes were crispy and good too. Didn't try the other dishes other than Shumai (can skip this) but if you're a fan of soup dumplings and scallion pancakes this is pretty good. Service was friendly. They seem to be speak Cantonese and English well. Everything was clean.
Tried this on a whim and wasnt disappointed. We only ate dumplings and they were top notch. Loved the crabmeat soup dumplings! Service was excellent.
High quality and delicious dumplings.  The shrimp and vegetables inside the dumplings taste fresh and the skin is perfect too! The service is great too!
The best cold sesame noodles in the neighborhood. Lighting fast service. Fantastic dumplings. No decor but that is obviated by the quality of the food.
Bf and I have walked by this place a dozen times, we live one block away, but have never tried the place as it looks underwhelming from the outside. After seeing all the great reviews, we decided to give it a shot and so happy that we did! The soup dumplings were amazing and the noddles were great. Given the neighborhood, this is actually one of the lower priced dining options. Service was great also, and no charge BYOB. Ambiance was that OK, typical of a casual joint, not a fancy night out.
Yay so thrilled to find a Chinese restaurant in this area! The xiao long bao and fried rice were delicious. Friendly staffs. The wait time for the food was a little longer than I wish but compare to the amount of customers they have at this hour (lunch time 1:00pm), it's decent. Hope they keep the quality as time goes :)
Service was very attentive. Ordered the crab soup dumplings and Dan Dan noodles. Ambience is modern and trendy. Great addition to the neighborhood.
Great service, delicious dumplings. The end.
I love the soup dumplings here! Service is prompt, food is great and staff is very nice and attentive. Recently tried the young chicken hot pot and it was one of the most delicious meals I've had!
best dumplings ive tried in nyc. rivals my favorite dimsum places in California!! love the green veggie dumplings here! it is so hard to get those just right and this place has it down :) xiao long bao is perfect toooo!! excellent dumpling house definitely lives up to its name.
Amazing! Some of the best dumplings I've ever had. If your looking for some meet dumplings, I would recommend the pan fried pork dumplings. Some of the best food I've ever had!
Having lived in Hong Kong for 8 years, I am excited by the many authentic Chinese restaurants that are opening around the city. EXCELLENT DUMPLING can be added to the list with authentic, fresh, delicious dumplings and other Chinese favorites. The Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), fried pork dumplings and stir fried chicken were all great. They're as close to Hong Kong as I've tasted.
We ordered pork soup dumplings, fried pork dumplings, and dan dan noodles. TBH one of the best meals I've had in a while. The soup dumplings were juicy and just straight up delicious. Dan dan noodles had the perfect flavour. IDK this place is great and I'm def coming back
Yummy dumplings in a neighborhood without a lot of quick / delicious dining options. Not as cheap as chinatown but by no means expensive.
I try to give most places at least 3 tries before I make up my mind. So this is a fairly new establishment and a real rarity in nyc these days. A real live sit down Chinese Restaurant that isn't in Chinatown. I had been here a few weeks earlier to try it for the first time and it wasn't bad. I even ordered in from them last week and it was still okay. My only issue then was that I had ordered 3 different kinds of dumplings and a scallion pancake and they use the tiniest cups for there dumpling sauce and only gave one for each order.  I mean tiny. The size of the dipping sauces were the same size as the hot oil cups. If you are familiar. I immediately called them and requested more and let them know my opinion. Think it was the owner or the boss who brought over some additional sauces. I am right across the street and I appreciated that but this man starts repeatedly telling me how to order next time as everything is getting colder by the minute. I guess he thought I was too dumb and would not realize this and assumed that I would be ordering again. I don't get why they would be so cheap with this of all things. Last night again I was asked to go there with a friend. If you want to dine out with friends on Chinese it was not a bad option and really the only one left around here anyway. It was a Friday night and I arrived first at around 8:30 and it was pretty busy but there was still plenty of seating. We were going to be 2 and even though there were 2 table pushed together I motioned and asked if they could be separated and I was told no. I kind of accepted that and I noticed it was beginning to get busier so I sat down at the table by the window covered with pictures of food because I wanted to be sure we had a seat. My companion arrived and she realized that the AC above blew directly on her and I kept trying to look out of a window right next to me that was plastered over. While we were looking over the menu I kept glancing over because I had noticed that somewhere along the way they had seated 2 people at the 4 seater that I had asked them to separate and I kept expecting at least one or 2 more to join them and I am listening to them order and even be served and no one else joined them and they never separated the tables I was irate! My friend did not want to continue sitting there because of the AC and window was disturbing and that was really it for me. I went over and told the 3 or 4 people milling about that worked there that the service and hospitality sucked and pointed at the table in question and we left. Chelsea has become so touristy. I heard someone refer to a local restaurant as a tourist trap today and it really saddens me to hear that. This place it seems is also that. I don't believe any restaurant can survive in nyc without establishing and catering to its regular, neighborhood clientele first and foremost. It is always a huge mistake in nyc not to do so. No restaurant can make there rent on weekend business alone. The regulars are everything. We are the lifeblood of any restaurant and so many businesses forget that and only ever last a year or 2 if they are lucky because they figure they can get away with it because they assume there customers are tourists. Me, I just walk on by.
Fantastic food! Friendly service, wonderful addition to the Chelsea neighborhood. All we need is for this restaurant to become available on delivery.com for take out.
I tried all famous dumpling restaurants in NYC and Excellent Dumpling House is hands down the best dumpling restaurant. The price is very resonable and the cashier was really nice.. Definitely coming again..
Just a run-of-the-mill Chinese restaurant that is a bit pricey because of the location.  We had three different kinds of dumplings and two entrees.  The entrees were decent but small and they forgot to add cashews to the chicken w/cashews. Their remedy was to bring a cup of uncooked cashews to our table and dump them into the dish.  The dumplings were good but not great as you would expect from a restaurant that touts excellent dumplings in their very name.Update: tried it again recently and was no more impressed than the first time.  Ordered three kinds of dumplings which I found just adequate and my friend did not like.  Despite ordering the three dumpling dishes we were given only one small dish of sauce.  We asked for more but it never arrived.  There are too many options in Chelsea to waste your time at this place.
My daughter and I enjoyed several vegetarian items including spinach and mushroom dumplings, vegetable mushroom bao, spring rolls, and scallion pancakes. All were delicious! My favorite was the pancake---delightfully crispy and tasty. The vegetable bun was also yummy and bursting with flavorful veggies. We loved the sauce served and sprinkled it on all the dishes. Friendly servers  and very reasonable pricing added to the experience. We live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!
It was very good! I had the crab xiaolongbao and ramen, both were good. Was relatively busy at around 7 on a Friday night, but there was still a little waiting room.
This is a great place for a variety of Chinese food and novelty steamed dumplings. All dumplings are handmade!!
This has to be the best dumpling place in Chelsea and beyond. Food was great, service was great. Some dumplings are better than others. The problem now is that I crave those dumplings.
A place I loved in Chinatown now in Chelsea. It's a classic. Staff and owner are exceedingly decent and kind. Food is fresh. Broccoli in bean sauce is brilliant. A very generous meal for four was under $80.
I love this place. Food is great. Menu is reasonably priced. Waitstaff is genuinely friendly. Environment is relaxed. I rate things based on what they are and what they are trying to achieve. Yes, I've eaten better soup dumplings on the street in Shanghai, but to be able to cruise in Chelsea and eat adequately delicious ones with good vibes is as good as it gets to me. Also their little wine list gets it done. Aloha!
Very fast service and the soup, dumplings, fried rice and pork belly were all excellent. Very reasonable prices too.
Had high hopes, but it is nothing special. The ingredients are only ok, and the wrappers of the dumplings aren't particular delicate.  Try the wonton soup or the mixed dumplings and you'll see what I mean.
Been coming here weekly for our fix.  So far have had the crab and pork dumplings, the soup dumplings, and the pork dumplings (both steamed and fried, and since the skin is light, fried is not really necessary). Also the excellent Tofu Mushroom hotpot and the seaweed cucumber salad, and a dumpling noodle soup on a cold night. They have brown rice but you have to ask for it, as they are shy about their upcharge for that.  They also have a liquor license, so come for drinks and dumplings before you get serious with other courses.  Attentive service. Only loses a star for their indifferent, somewhat overlooked and heavy stir fry dishes.
Legit excellent dumplings. The xiao long bao soup dumplings are great. The outside wrapper is not too thick but not thin enough to break. The spinach dumplings are filled with fresh greens and mushrooms, a surprising delight. The service was attentive and very hospitable. Definitely going back.
To be fair, I did not order the baos but instead had "braised beef over rice" and it was a huge disappointment. I was expecting something authentic which was supposed to taste savory and perhaps a little spicy, but what I got was something closer to teriyaki beef, sprinkled with white sesame seeds. As soon as I saw the white sesame seeds my heart sank. I can't say about the other dishes but this is American Chinese food.
Spicy wontons and shumai are very good here. Service is excellent. Great alternative to going to chinatown
I don't understand the hype. Dumpling dough was very sticky and gummy and the inside lacked flavor. Hot and sour soup was meh not very hot or sour. Broccoli dish was very basic. overall tasted like a cheap Chinese food place at a mall to me. wouldn't recommend it or come back.
I just spent a month in Shanghai... and got to eat xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) most days for lunch at Lin Long Fang (arguably one of the best places to eat them on the planet). The Excellent Dumpling House's versions are not exactly the same, but they are as close as any I have had in the States... I was shocked by how good the crab/pork variety were here. They are far and away the best xiaolongbao I have had in NYC. Don't know why there is not a line around the block for them!
Really good dumplings, great location, and reasonably priced considering it is in Chelsea. Highly recommend crab dumplings, hot and spicy wonton dumplings, chicken hot pot, rock shrimp,  and pastrami roll. Will go back for more and try other items.
This restaurant has become my favorite restaurant to order take out from.  So far I have tried the chicken dumplings, shrimp and crab dumplings, chicken and broccoli in brown sauce, chicken and broccoli in white sauce, and chicken lo mein, and EVERYTHING has been outstanding and so tasty.  Delivery is super fast and the food is always nice and hot.  5 stars all the way.
Every single item here is unbelievable! You get a lot of amazing food for a cheap price! The waiters are all so fun and cheerful and are always checking on you to make sure everything is good. Excellent dumpling house is very clean, and all the food is made fresh in their own kitchen! I recommend the Pork Soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes, the lo main and the hot and sour soup! Bon appetite!!!!
Delicious dumplings and soup!! I ordered the spinach and mushroom dumplings and seafood soup, which is enormous and comforting! Highly recommended. The service was adequate and the place, which is new, clean and spare. If you're in the neighborhood, check it out!
Really good. Honey spare ribs were yum. My daughter had rib ramen delish. We also had won ton in chile sauce which was not my favorite:( I'd order from them again though.
An apt name for a very good new addition in Chelsea.  Soup dumplings were terrific- the broth was flavorful without tasting fatty or greasy.  Excellent steamed chicken dumplings and also mushroom veggie dumplings.  The decor was plain but pleasant.  Service was quite attentive.  A real nice find.
Tasty dumplings (we ordered pork & crab soup dumplings, spicy wonton and mushroom), fast service, clean facilities, nice staff!
Loved the food. The Soup Dumplings were delicious! The staff was very attentive and helpful as the soup dumplings are tricky to serve. Good value for your money and they let you bring in wine!
Excellent! Everything we ate tastes so much like my Chinesse aunt's cooking.  Reasonable prices and very generous portions.  The staff was very nice and we never had to ask for anything twice!
Excellent indeed. Soup dumplings were amongst the best I've ever had. Lo mein was delicious. Everything was A+
The prawn dumplings 4 ways is a must try!So is the young chicken hot pot.An excellent option midtown for your Chinese fix
Visiting from London and been here 3 times in 10 days. Simple and delicious. And they give free tea when ordering a takeaway. The girl on the front desk is great and always gives a good service even when they are packed. Highly recommended
OMG these soup dumplings (veg) are the best I've had in nyc.  Better than the one down on Lafayette.  steamed veg dumplings are also awesome.
Heard about the grand opening of this place and went with a few friends tonight.  We ordered a lot of dishes to share.  We loved everything we had.  My favorite was the scallion pancake that has some sort of pastrami in it.  It was delicious!!  My friends voted for the soup dumplings that were super juicy with thin dough.  Will definitely go back.
I had a wonderful experience at Excellent Dumpling House! We got the two vegetarian dumplings and my favorite was the mushroom, fried. I also got Pad Thai which was spectacular. The staff is friendly, sweet, and dare I say cute. The decor is simple and relaxed with soothing tunes helping me digest. If I am in the area again I will happily return!
Soft opening right now so not all the dishes on the menu are available yet.That said, what the waitress recommended was solid.  Crab xiaolongbao was good (the best dish out of what we ordered actually), shrimp shumai was good, egg tarts were good.  I can so get used to having good xiaolongbao in the neighborhood.  Can't wait for the giant soup buns to be available next week.Restaurant is clean and casual.  Service was good.  Go before it gets crowded!
Nice locationMenu is pretty decentFood is goodPrice is OkBut No alcohol served (they probably do not have the license)Waiters/waitresses are Ok, but could be really better. The cashier is really not welcoming : no Hi, No bye, no Thank you, no Smile. Just she does not care about you. She is upset at her employees in front of customers...ConclusionNot convincing07/22UPDATE: The cashier contacted me and apologized (several months ago, I should have updated my review earlier - my bad!) and she offered me the opportunity to come back again for lunch, on the house. Good customer service :)10/20Went back. Good food. Good price. But the service is kind rushed. They remove the plate as soon as you take the last dumpling before it enters your mouth. You can't even take the sauce. It spoils everything !
WOW. This is a wonderful discovery!!Came here on a Saturday for dinner during their soft opening (V exclusive) and was not disappointed.All of the food came out in less than 10 minutes and was delicious (I really need a better word to describe it, but it really WAS delicious)!The wait staff was also very nice - friendly and quick. Can't wait to come back!
The food is good, but the service and especially the woman at the entrance is so unwelcoming/borderline mean that I'm never ordering again. I called to 1. know where my order was (after waiting for more than an hour my delivery), 2. the yelp app also mentioned that the chef had tweaked my order, and I wanted to know how/why. I had to call twice as the first time she hung up on me even though I wasn't finished speaking. The second time she didn't even listen to my question, and interrupted me saying that "she had customers arriving" and told me to hold, leaving for 5 min. Being the hostess of a restaurant means being welcoming and nice to clients. She was the rudest person I have ever dealt with in NYC and this throws off the rest of the experience (food quality etc). I usually give some slack to restaurants and avoid posting bad reviews but she was so rude that I had to.
Waiter forgets to enter our order in the system, we waited 30 mins before she realizes her mistake and sends the order in, when food arrives it was so bad that soup dumplings just falls apart, complained to manager and instead of being apologetic he claims that we just sat down 10 mins ago according to the order system!  - 0 star.
I have had a lot of the dumpling here they where mostly lacking in flavor and the steamed veggie bun was also lacking and the noodles in my opinion needed more veggie, it was just noodles. If you want to get dumpling here I'd say get the soup dumplings, and the green onion pancake was okay. Not great.
A real mixed bag this place. Needed something light between lunch and dinner and this was a "hot new business", so why not. Very warm welcome by who I assume was the owner. Seating and decor was basic by clean. Took our order no problembut then when the food came out some of the items were missing. When we inquired it turned out they just didn't have any. Thanks for letting us know...Most of the food was good but the ribs were amazing - would definitely recommend them. Very quick to clear away our plates while we were eating but once we were finished everyone seemed to vanish and took ages to get the check. We tried it out on opening weekend so some of the issues could just be teething
I would give this place zero stars if I could. SERIOUSLY never order from here. They lie and then accuse you of lying. At the same time, you won't ever get your food.
really delicious food! I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and ordered steamed vegetable dumplings and the Chinese vegetable w garlic sauce noodle soup. Both were awesome! The dumplings had a good mix of vegetables in them and the soup was served hot and had a lot of flavor. My only critique is that I wish there was a little more vegetable variety in the soup but it was still awesome! And it had a nice kick to it. Definitely would recommend!
Besides the food being really good here the staff that works at this restaurant may be some of the nicest waiters I have encountered thus far. Now I've been to quite a lot of Chinese food restaurants, and most of the time the service isn't the best, so when I decided to come here I wasn't expecting much except for really good food. However this place had exceeded my expectations. All the waiters were so nice and was always around to check up on my friends and I, but they weren't like hovering. Now the food I ordered the scallion pancakes, which was really good, especially with the sauce and also their pork xiaolongbao (soupy dumplings) the dumplings were pretty freaking impeccable, very very juicy and flavorful  I enjoyed myself here and I definitely plan on coming back for the great food and then great vibes!
Honestly, the name is horrible (or funny?! not sure...), but the food is fantastic and the service is incredibly fast. I read through some of the reviews to make sure I knew what to order and went with: Pastrami pancakes (salty, satisfying), pork Xiao Long Bao (fantastic), and the spring roll (also hot and delicious).My food rolled out to me in succession along with a Tsingtao - and the staff was very pleasant.
Honestly I have eaten at a lot of Chinese places around the country but this place has the best dumplings I have ever had!  They were more than flavorful and the sui mai was killer.  This goes into the favorites list.  Highly recommended.
This place is delish!!!  The scallion pancakes, the bao, the cold noodles all highly recommended.  Service is also super quick and efficient.  Will for sure be back for this super authentic meal
For the price, quality and portions you get, this is a real solid Chinese restaurant. The service was outstanding--something  you wouldn't typically get or expect at Chinese restaurants.I was originally hesitant to come to this place for 2 reasons: 1. the name is Excellent Dumpling House - I mean, c'mon, seriously??2. it's not in Chinatown (based on my personal experience, I now find it difficult to trust restaurants not located in Chinatown/LES or the other boroughs)However due to the strong ratings and eventually knowing that this restaurant was previously located in Chinatown, I decided to try it out.pork soup dumplings - EXCELLENT!  Not very soupy unlike those in Joe's Shanghai. Highly recommended.scallions pancakes - yummy spicy dumplings - they are called spicy dumplings in the menu but they weren't really spicy, they had PEANUT SAUCE  which I thought was very odd. It was good but not really what I wanted so I was a bit disappointed. beef dumpling soup - this wasn't so bad except for the noodles -- they were pasta noodles!!!  chicken - why in the world was this $17? it just didn't make any sense.
This restaurant ruined my life. Please allow me to explain. After a couple of hours powering around the city on foot, we were at the point of hunger where you can't even think about what you want to eat. I was vulnerable. I was weak. And that is exactly when Excellent Dumpling House lured us in. I had no idea what would happen next. I could have never foreseen this...DELICIOUS experience. So delicious it haunts me. I'm tortured by my memories of this restaurant. It was love at first site. The restaurant itself is classy and clean- the lighting is perfect and the seating comfortable. We ordered scallion pancakes, pan fried dumplings, pork buns, and soup dumplings. There aren't many authentic spots for Dim Sum in Denver, so this was my first soup dumpling experience. They ruined my life.I am obsessed with those soup dumplings. I will never move on. Without these dumplings, my life is empty. Meaningless. All my days I search for equal soup dumplings in Denver. My efforts? Futile. There will never be a soup dumpling like this in my sad, empty stomach until I return to New York.If you are in NYC, please, I'm begging you- eat at this restaurant. Please. Let me live vicariously through you.Excellent Dumpling House, you will forever be in my stomach's fondest memories. Thank you. (I gave this review four stars because the pork buns were not my favorite pork bun I've ever had. Even true love has its flaws.)
I was out walking in the area looking for a place for lunch when I saw people walking in to excellent dumpling House.  Who's not interested in an excellent dumpling? I went in and after a brief wait at 12:30 (Peak of lunch hour)was a shoot to a table for two in the crowd the dining room.  The waitstaff was fast and efficient and quite pleasant.The food was everything you'd expect from a place called excellent dumpling House.  And the prices are much better than what you expect from such a good restaurant in the middle of Manhattan.
This food was delicious. We ordered it for lunch. Was delivered fast and hot. The soup dumplings were awesome. We also had the scallion pancake. Nice and crispy. The noodles and shrimp had great taste and the fried dumplings were perfect. Very authentic. Worth the money.
Came here for lunch and got the double sautéed pork for a little over $8- was definitely worth it. Very reasonable portion size, filling, and hit the spot. Will definitely go back to try the dumplings!
~~~~~ALERT~~~~~This is the Excellent Dumpling House from Chinatown, they moved up to 23rd Street.I was super bummed when I discovered Excellent Dumpling House in Chinatown had closed down.  It had been there for 35 years but I had only just discovered it's deliciousness 3 years ago.  In a Yelp search for good Chinese food near my office, I saw the name... my heart dropped... COULD IT BE???? I immediately planned a trip to EDH.  The service is bit intense, filling your water upon each sip... but when eating Chinese food you need to stay hydrated!  * Steamed Pork Xiao Bao (soup dumpling) - 5 Stars* Steamed Mushroom & Vegetable Dumpling - 4.5 Stars* Steamed Spinach Dumpling - 4 stars* Hot & Spicy Wonton - 5 stars* Pastrami w. Scallion Pancake - 4.5 stars* Steamed Roasted Pork Bun - 5 stars* Lunch Specials served with soup, rice AND cold noodlesTotally worth a visit!
Super limited menu for those looking for more "authentic dishes". A little bit more on the expensive side for standard, cheap Chinese food. Unmemorable.
Great dumplings, the name doesn't lie! This was great value and a good meal, will definitely be going back.
If you loved the Lafayette Street restaurant, avoid this relocation.It bears no resemblance to the original, and I don't understand why.I can appreciate the new decor, but why have they abandoned the recipes and presentation.The hot and spicy dumplings, which were my main reason for loving the old place, are not at all like they formerly were. The sauce has no peanut flavor, and worst of all the dish is no longer served with bean sprouts, which made it stand out "head and shoulders" above the competition. There are no condiments on the table, tea is no longer served upon seating and the utensils are not Chinese, but western.Too bad.They shouldn't have bothered to relocate, the authenticity is gone.
We visited here through Yelp, and wow I was blown away by the xiao long bao (soup dumplings)! I haven't had this good of Xiao long bao in so long. It's extremely rare to find even in Taiwan. I'd rather have this than Din Tai Fong (the world famous xiao long bao chain store). Their other dim sum dishes were decent as well. I probably wouldn't recommend the main courses as much. But hey, their soup dumpling makes the trip worthwhile!The service here also amazed me. No typical hard to flag down a server, dropping food off with a careless attitude or chit chatting in the back. They focus on your needs, refilling water/ napkin, removing empty plates, and checking up on you. There's one specific server, Peter. He was the most attentive of all. He is detail and considerate. If I had a restaurant, I'd wish he come work for me lol
Really good scallion pancakes. Really good dumplings. Really good customer service. Stopped here for a quick bite to eat, had two rounds of the scallion pancake, which is cut into 8 portions (must get). The mushroom and veggie dumplings was nicely done, and is one of the two vegetarian dumpling offerings aside from the spinach. Lastly had the vegetarian spring rolls, two thumbs up!! Service was fast, and attentive. Super friendly staff. A must visit if you are in the area.
We walked in at 9pm after a screening at the Cineapolis Theater on the next block. We were able to seat two tables of 12+ people (24) fairly quickly with no reservation and no notice. I was impressed with how quickly they accommodated us and again impressed with just how nice the staff was. The man who looks like the owner is always in good spirits and he hovered over the shoulder of our designated group picture taker so that he could take over and make sure everyone was included in the shot. Top marks for the scallion pancakes and won ton soup. The restaurant is well set up for large groups.
You can't go wrong worth pan fried pork dumplings and scallion pancakes.  The staff was friendly and attentive despite being at capacity.
Good dumplings - spinach was fabulous!  The shrimp dumpling had chunks of shrimp and the crab dumpling was very good except I could taste the dough.  So, I bite off the top and out lots of sauce in it.  It's excellent that way.  It has a lot of crabmeat it meat inside.
Today we went back to the Excellent Dumpling House.  This is now our 4th time visiting.  We ordered our normal Pork Fried Dumplings and they were just as great as all the other times.   We've also ordered the soup dumplings in the past and also just as great!! Today we had the shrimp and vegetables and added chicken and asked for them to be spicy.   This dish was absolutely amazing.The service is always friendly and excellent.  Nam and another lady who I don't know her name are always wonderful.     This has now become one of our favorite spots!! Alex and Michael
Shredded cabbage and pork soup, steamed crab dumplings, Shanghai fried noodles w/chicken. Fresh and flavorful. Our first visit. I expect that we'll be back.
Probably the worst Chinese food experience I've had in awhile. We ordered the crispy fish and two orders of soup dumplings. When you think crispy fish in a chinese restaurant, you don't think breaded and fried fish sticks. Which is basically what we got. The soup dumplings were alright, but nothing to write home about.
Love the location of this place! Just steps from the 1 train, Excellent Dumpling House makes it easy to get quality Chinese without going all the way down to Chinatown. They're quite generous with portions for the price, the crab and pork xiao long bao (6 pcs) and the Veggie Dumplings (6 pcs) were juicy and encased in delicate wrappers, the Siu Mai (6 pcs) and Wonton Noodle Soup were pretty average. Getting a table was easy and fast.
I Was craving some good Asian food in midtown after shopping with friends and find this dumplings place in yelp. The service was very great, The staff was so attentive and patient and we got our orders and food quickly. My friend ordered the 4 style shrimp dumplings and I got the pork belly noddle soup.Our orders came out fast and on time, and the food was delicious!! The noddle soup was DIVINE - savory, sweet without being too sweet, and paired very well with the pork belly,  My friend thoroughly enjoyed her 4style shrimp dumplings as well! The 4 style shrimp dumplings came with 4 different colors, that was very cute , is very amazing to see there was lobster in the dumpling! The staff was patient,he is so sweet and made sure our waters were always filled. I had a Wonderful time enjoy eating  with my friend today and would definitely bring more friends come back  to eat.,If you looking for the good dumplings, this is the right place, highly recommend to this restaurant.
I'll admit, I haven't dined in the actual restaurant yet but I think that makes this review better because what I'm offering you today is the American Dream - good soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) that ACTUALLY survive a delivery. This isn't to say that they won't break when you pick them up. They are delicate, as they should be, so you're just gonna have to practice your chopstick skills or gently pick them up with your fingers.Excellent Dumpling House dangerously opened up right around the corner from my apartment and after walking past it so many times and seeing it pop up in all my food delivery apps, I had to try it. Some of the items can be a bit pricey but the XLB themselves are priced right and are good. Obviously they aren't like Nan Xiang good or maybe some places in Chinatown but for Chelsea and not having to get out of bed? These are damn good. I mean now when people ask me if I'd ever move back to California or leave NYC, I'll be like, "Gurl, I can't even leave this delivery radius. How many people can say they can get XLB delivered that don't break?"I've ordered delivery and pickup basically every week for the past two months, and they have been pretty consistent. I haven't had a bad order yet, though today's dumplings weren't as good as they usually are, which might be because it had been sitting for awhile and were cooler and the soup had been soaked up back into the meat or skins (I ordered a pickup delivery in advance today so they may have just disregarded the time and made it when they received the order).I've tried both the crab and the regular pork soup dumplings but I honestly preferred the pork ones more. In general, I probably tend to feel that way and I kinda just like my crab on its own. I've also tried their Steamed Crab Meat & Shrimp Dumpling (5 pc), which are just Har Gow (the Crystal Shrimp Dumpling dim sum staple). They're not bad and the shrimp is plump and fresh but I never tasted the crab and this version wasn't particularly special. I would suggest getting the Seafood Dumplings (7 pc) instead. It's really good, skin is thin and well crisped if you get panfried. The Shrimp Egg Roll is also quite good but a bit oily. And it only comes paired with duck sauce so you might want to use the vinegar, or another condiment you might have at home (Worcestershire, sweet soy or chili sauce, etc.).Another thing I love because the XLB are never too filling, is getting one of their "Over Rice" bowls. They give a LOT of rice, more than they have meat or toppings for but I don't mind because I like having leftover rice to have with other leftovers or things I cook (Spice gives so much curry but the smallest portion of rice). The Crispy Chicken and the Pork Cutlet are essentially Katsudons - breaded meat over sweet soy, onions, and simmered egg. And the BBQ Pork Belly is Hong Kong style Char Siu. The Char Siu isn't the way I prefer it (softer, clean flavors) but the version here, although a bit too overcooked and chewy, is still tasty and satisfying with all the sweet soy.EDIT (8/9/17): They changed the menu a bit so there's no more katsudons or bbq pork bowls. It seems they've opted for a more Americanized Chinese takeout approach to replace the old rice bowls. I've tried two now and unfortunately, both were huge misses. The Curry Beef Stew on Rice lacked the depth and comfort of any Asian curry. I'd say it compares somewhere around a Malaysian or Cantonese version in flavor but it tastes a bit bitter and watered down from the abundance of bell peppers. I also tried the Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables lunch special which comes with vegetable fried rice, cold sesame noodles, and a soup. The only vegetable I got was broccoli and it comes in a garlic sauce. The shrimp were on the smaller side but at least tasted fresh. The cold noodles were complete inedible, tasting cloyingly sweet and gritty from the sugar. The hot and sour soup lacked depth and flavor and I couldn't get past one spoonful. At this point, it may be best to just skip lunch specials altogether and stick with the dumplings and maybe one of their more expensive entrees.
Highlights - this place is good. Recommending this place if you are close by, but if you are already commuting, there might be better options in Chinatown which is 10/15 minutes away via subway.Most of the menu  for dim sum and sharing dishes is super is overpriced compared to Chinatown, but fair for the location it's in I suppose.They do have set menus specials for the items that are popular for take out lol.I ordered ramen, and thought it was super legit. Perhaps best in town for $8.50. Seriously, comparable to places with long waits - bouncy noodles, juicy tender big pieces of pork belly, rich and flavorful broth. Yes please, and thank you.
I give them the nod... For this area this is as good as it gets. The service is efficient and friendly and the ambiance is no nonsense. You're there to experience excellent dumplings and little else.We had the xiao long bao, steamed and fried pork dumpling, wonton, and the BBQ pork buns... Excellent... just excellent.We want this place to succeed. We need this restaurant to succeed. Come here and experience dumpling perfection...
This place is great! It's BYOB and they didn't even charge us a corking fee because it was our first time there. The dumplings were absolutely delicious. The general tsos was not the best I've ever had, but still good. Overall good service and nice atmosphere.
Ordered the lunch special grilled pork chops and they were delicious! My friends also enjoyed the dumplings and pork ramen. Would definitely recommend for a yummy quick meal :)
I'm no dumpling or chinese food expert but we had a great lunch here during our NYC stay. Our server recommended their house specialties and we enjoyed every bite. The service was so accommodating and kind. Especially since we travel with my son with autism and his service dog, so I'm always nervous trying out different restaurants but the manager was very kind. The food was great though!
This seriously the worst service from only one server.  He will insult you in your face in Mandarin. Little does he know we can understood exactly what he said. Simply, do you have a hot water kettle?  He said no but I'll get you another hot water. Then came back saying how annoying we are.  Then he would stare you down talking mumbling while you eat.  This was truly disturbing.
Great dumplings!! Terrible service! Got there at 9:10, place closes at 10pm, waiter gets to me knocks his pen on the table and say " hurry and order, we're closing at 10" no intro nothing. Very upset I look at him and say" please give me me time to order you close at 10pm" This kind of unprofessional service is what cost this place 2 stars, regardless, very good dumplings, I would be careful about the service there but the dumplings are well off.
I am so happy there is a dumpling house in the heart of Chelsea!! Went to the restaurant's soft opening and the food is truly excellent. The xiao long bao soup dumplings are incredible. Very delicate and thin skin (rare to find), soup filled, with a flavorful meat or crabmeat filling. A pleasant step uptown from the Chinatown location. The crabmeat xiao long bao is my FAVORITE!! The steamed veggie dumplings are delightful. Reminds me a lot of authentic dim sum from Hong Kong. great restaurant for a sit down lunch or dinner with a comfortable ambiance and warm decor. Friendly service and food was served within minutes of ordering. Would certainly be back!!Highly recommended. A pleasant addition to Chelsea!!!
My friend was in town and suddenly has the urge to eat SOUP DUMPLINGS!!! Ok apparently I'm a noob because I've never tried such thing. When she said it's soup in a dumpling I was throughly confused. I searched for something nearby I was that wasn't in Chinatown bc we knew we'd be in for long lines and tourists there. We came across this one that had many reviews about the famous Soup Dumplings. I must say the name is pretty clever, and, true :) we ordered several dumplings given the name! We ordered Shumai, shrimp/crab dumplings and the soup dumplings. All we're very juicy! And the most important part is that they're fresh! You know when you're eating frozen dumplings, right guys? We also ordered the Dan Dan noodles to try something else- also which was super yummy and packed with flavor!! So yummy. Now, that I know what the heck soup dumplings are, and am cultured, I know where to come for some fresh ones :) I'd like to try their other items too, their lunch specials look leeeeegit!
A must go to!This place opens recently and it's the best thing that ever happened in Chelsea area.It's half a block from my work and I couldn't be happier.First of, Tracy is one of the best host/server I ever come across. She has thorough knowledge of what to recommend. She even told us the difference between dimsum and dumplings.We love the shrimp shumai and dumplings with fried chicken. Best recommended is the Crab Xiaolongbap dumpling soup Tracy recommend to try.We'll be back next weekend for more.
Food is okay at best but delivery experience is THE worst I have experienced in NYC. Have ordered twice from Seamless - the first time the delivery person yelled at me because he couldn't find my building... second time my order got lost and when I called the restaurant, they claim that the delivery person was at my door and tried to call me (there was no phone calls and no one ever knocked on the door!!!). WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN!
Very solid restaurant. Went here because we didn't want to trek to Chinatown and it's an easy work from Port Authority or even easier from Penn. The soup dumplings, aka Xiao Long Bao, were fantastic! Also recommend the Seafood dumplings.The prices weren't too high for Chelsea...it was around $7-8 for the dumplings. The service was fine. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for quality soup dumplings in Manhattan.
We had dinner on a Saturday night and there were 7 of us. We ordered a few dishes and 3 appetizers and each order came one at a time. The food was ok. We left the restaurant not feeling satisfied. Our waiter appeared to be in a hurry because he couldn't wait to take the empty dishes before we even finish what's on the plate. I have high expectations for this restaurant as I've heard good things about it and had lunch and early dinner here as well. But, tonight it disappointed me...
Stopped here with my niece for a bite after the New York Coffee Festival. Ordered fried pork dumpling, pastrami w scallions, steamed mushroom veggie bun, and hot spicy wanton. All were delish! Great portions, wonderful flavors. Reasonably priced....will return...
Went hoping for some excellent soup dumplings and wasn't disappointed. Nice digs and easy to get to, and the prices are good enough to make it a regular stop. If I lived in Manhattan, I think I'd find myself there every week.
This is for a takeout order.Firstly, order took almost 2, TWO hours. Even if we ordered enough for a party of 20 it should not take 2 hours. We ended up having a dismal dinner at 9pm. Beyond ridiculous.For an order for 2 people, we had:- dan dan noodles: came cold, the bottom of the noodles were solid, moulded to the container as it did not have any sauce. If that wasn't unappetizing enough, the sauce itself was very salty.- spicy wantons: perhaps I've been spoiled by DTF or other truly authentic places but this sauce was disgusting. Salty, not spicy, zero kick. The skin was also thick. Not at all the spicy wontons we anticipated, unfortunately. The only saving grace was there was considerable amount of prawns in the wanton itself. - scallion pancake: best of the 3 - thin yet chewy but they came wrapped, completely squashed in greaseproof paper. Unfortunately, we didn't take any photos but I am upset enough to write this review as my first. We will never waste our calories here again.
So surprised by this restaurant! The Xiao Long Baos (soup dumplings) had a really rich soup inside, not watery at all. The pan fried pork dumplings were also top knotch! The service was very friendly and even though the crowd picked up, we were still checked on consistently throughout our meal (a stark contrast to most authentic Chinese restaurants!). It was all reasonably priced for a quality restaurant in my opinion. There are definitely other spots that are far cheaper but not as good.I'm so happy to have found a good dumpling option that's far closer than Flushing or even Chinatown! The BBQ pork belly & fried shrimp options were good, but definitely not the best I've EVER had, but I also grew up on this stuff so probably have higher standards. One thing to note: "dim sum" might mean different things to different people. Don't expect a full menu of dim sum options like pastries & small dishes. Based off what I could tell, it's mainly just a lot of dumpling and entree options. Definitely recommend!
I've passed by this place numerous times. It is not so appealing from the exterior but the food is by far the best Chinese food in the neighborhood. The lunch specials are a great deal and there are both authentic dishes and American- Chinese options. I would deduct a star for the perfunctory service but the food is so good that it gets all 5 stars.
OK, came down from way, way upstate for ComicCon and was looking for somewhere to have dinner with our two teens. What an awesome place!!! If you're from out of town, don't panic. It's a decent neighborhood and a fantastic place to eat. I won't go on about all the food because others did it so well, but you have to give it a try! We all had items we've never had before and we loved each one! Great service and clean. Give it a try!
I read Yelp reviews for this place and knew I had to try during my brief visit to NY - I love dumplings. I've never had soup dumplings before (what an odd idea!) but everyone said they were great, so I ordered that, and was glad I did. It was delicious, and I'd ordered the same again!The other items I ordered were not as awesome: steamed seafood dumplings (kinda like har gao but not with just shrimp) and a steamed pork bun (char sui bao). Actually, I ordered a pork puff (char sui sao), which was listed as a dessert and not the same thing, but got the bun instead. Which is fine, I guess, I love pork buns. Both were fine, but had a strange flavor, some seasoning I didn't recognize and didn't care for. (Five spice maybe?) I've eaten many dumplings in Chinatown in Boston and San Francisco, and each town has their distinct style, so maybe this is part of NY style, I dunno, but it wasn't my favorite. Very reasonable prices, especially for NYC.
So happy to have this restaurant in the neighborhood. The seafood dumplings were delicious and so was the hot and sour soup. I'll need to try out the other dumplings ASAP. :)
The food was great and the service was excellent. The duck spring roll was manna from heavenA little noisy but everything was so good it really didn't matter
I was skeptical since I could go to Queens for dumplings any day, but this place was close to midtown so we stopped out of convenience. On a busy Friday evening, we ordered cold sesame noodles, steamed mushroom dumplings, shrimp shumai, xiaolongbao, and scallion pancakes. Everything was delicious! The mushroom dumplings had a very strong shitake flavor, sesame noodles were refreshing and not too heavy, scallion pancakes were not greasy. The staff was very courteous and attentive. I think the manager/owner came out to greet us 3 or more times (maybe because we ordered so much, hah!), he ended up also giving us a complimentary fried spring roll--I did not eat it but my friend said it was fresh! Definitely, a must try if you're craving dumplings and don't feel like going all the way downtown or to Queens.
Appreciate the honest name...no lie this place is truly excellent! The taste of authentic Chinatown right in Chelsea. We had an order of chicken dumplings and shrimp shumai - special shout out to the dumplings which were perfectly silky on the outside and stuffed with tender filling inside. Spontaneously ordered beef with broccoli as well ($12.95 for a generous portion, impressed) and it was melt in your mouth delicious. Will be back.
Got delivery from here. Was impressed with the quick turnaround from initial order to my apt door. We ordered general tso's, XLB, scallion pancake and clay pot chicken. Overall food was good, but pricey. Total order was +$60. I was impressed the XLB held up quite well thru delivery. None of them broke/ leaked and were still totally slurpable. The clay pot chicken had nice green curry sauce, yum.
Seated promptly, service was courteous - they were always attentive and multiple people waited on each customer. Food was freshly prepared. The dumplings, true to the name of the restaurant, were excellent! I had the mushroom vegetable dumplings - truly delicious. I also had prawns with mixed vegetables in basil sauce - the veggies were fresh and lot of variety (asparagus, mushrooms, zucchini, snap peas, bell peppers, etc). Very tasty. I'll definitely come back here again. Great experience overall!
There's generally reason to be suspicious of a dumpling house open in this part of town, not Chinatown or Flushing or Fort Lee. In all, the uninspiringly named Excellent Dumpling House averages to about a 3. The soup dumplings are extraordinarily good, and I plan to roll in and down 10 of these before resuming my day. The rest of the dim sum options? Not so much. There's a weird filmy and plasticky flavor to it, and I ended up just subconsciously comparing it unfavorably to what I get down around Mott Street or the 626*. Radiance Tea and Books remains the other place to go for your mid-town off-menu dim sum needs. Haven't tried buzzed-about Tim Ho Wan yet.
I made a special trip to this place based on the reviews and I'm so glad I did. Busy and bussling this place welcomes locals and tourists alike. The dim sum is not to be missed. Order more than you think you can eat as you will be stuffing yourself with all the deliciousness. The food comes out quickly and it's hot and fresh. Everyone around me was commenting on how they were enjoying their meal. The soup dumplings are devine but watch a YouTube video on how to eat them so you don't burn your mouth and look like a noob. If I lived here I would be here all.the time.
Say wha.... this place is kick ass for dumplings, especially the soup dumplings. They are legit amazing and dangerous. Why dangerous you ask? Well, because they are so damn delicious that you won't be able to stop eating them even tho you know the goodness comes a nice load of perfectly portioned, perfectly season, well placed, fat. To top it off, all of the dumplings are great and are super fresh - nothing is from frozen here or made the day before and the stuffing is always made with craft - meaning, it's not just some random mush. The seafood ones have nice chunks of shrimp and crab and a delicious. This isn't a place for five star dining, but it's not a hole in the wall either, it's a great place to munch of different flavors with a bunch of friends all while being attended too like old friends. Tops my list my dumpling places by far.
So good! This is why I love yelp! Always leading you to really good eats! Chicken lo mein was excellent!
Fried pork dumplings were very tasty!! I would go back here just for these dumplings. I also tried their Szechuan and soup dumplings, which were okay.Excellent service btw!
My mom and I are visiting from Florida this weekend and this place happened to be near our hotel... and WOW was that lucky for us!!! The pork soup dumplings are to die for, the pan-fried pork dumplings are heavenly, and the lo mein was delicious, too. "Excellent" is an understatement-- if you can get to this place, try it! We got it delivered and they were quick, the delivery man was very polite. 10/10 highly recommend! I wish I'd thought to take pictures, but we are everything too quickly.
We always went to the one on Lafayette Street off of Canal Street. Great food and great service and great prices. It was always packed. So sad to see the they closed it down but, happy that the 23rd Street one is still going strong.The wonton soup is excellent and so is the shrimp and broccoli which I usually get with brown rice.
Very delicious soup dumplings! Perfect skin thickness and soup broth! A rating. Clean.
We had the soup dumplings which was Dim Sum filled with flavorfull soup stock and pork. Delish! The artistry to make these dumplings is to be admired. Delicatley managing these dumplings to avoid a mess before it hits your mouth made the dinner that much more delightful and adventurous. We had the ramen bowl as well with the pork ribs. So so. I would have rather just ordered more dumplings becaise they were tasty and a lot of fun. Service was the best I experienced in NYC pur whole trip and they were especially kind and understanding with my 13 month year old son.
Most excellent place in the heart of midtown. Food was fantastic. Clean, staff attentive. Will come here again
We had an excellent dinner here! All of the food came out very quickly and was reasonably priced! Each dumpling we had was really delicious
I came here on a soft opening weekend, and I have to say that the food is what you expect when it comes to an authentic asian cuisine. Since Excellent Dumpling House is known for their dumplings and dim sums, I ordered a round of crabmeat dumpling. The batch of dumplings were juicy and delicious! I couldn't resist and ordered a second round. Then, I ordered a bowl of seafood and veggie noodle soup. I waited for a good 10 minutes, but it's worth the wait! The soup base was amazing and the noodles and seafood were cooked just right. Overall, the food was great and the service was good. This restaurant has been around for a while, so it's great to see them open up in the Chelsea area. I'm looking forward to the grand opening!
Yay!  Authentic Chinese in Chelsea!   Just ordered delivery via Yelp.  Never tried Yelp's delivery thing before. It works!  Our estimated delivery time was beat by at least ten minutes.  I'm a huge dim sum fan.  Usually I go to nom wah but man it's a trek and definitely can't get it delivered.  Decided to try Excellent dumpling house because I was craving some Chinese and this came up.  Got the mushroom veggie dumplings- loved, pancakes- loved, mushroom noodle soup- loved, shy mai- loved, and my bf got the pork bun.  Yum.  Fast delivery. Umm yeah it's not as cheap as Chinatown.  Different rents and different clientele. Two of us were full and we had leftovers for breakfast then next morning.  Not bad for $30.
An unknown gem!!!Great service and good prices, but more importantly FANTASTIC FOOD!!As good as anyplace in Chinatown or Flushing!Highly recommended!!
So happy a legit Chinese noodle dumpling place opened in the neighborhood.  Then I realised this was 369 in Chinatown!
Excellent spot. Highly recommend to anyone and everyone who enjoys Chinese food. I would personally recommend pork soup dumpling, pork bun, and spicy won ton. Favourite dish was the wontons because of the peanut paste topping. My least favourite dish, albeit still tasty, was the shrimp and crab meat steamed dumpling as the seasoning and flavours were less intricate than the other items I ordered. Prices here are very reasonable (about $20 per person for lunch ex alcohol). Excellent cleanliness and service: bathrooms are cleaned 4x per day and are immaculate. I plan to come back here very often.
In fact their soup dumplings were Excellent!Only take away, I wish their hot and spicy wonton were a bit more spicy and had more of a kick to it. We decided to order a second round of their wontons because they were just that awesome. Their 4 style house shrimp dumplings are colored too!
I was craving dumplings and found this hidden gem! Service was great we order the panfried pork dumplings chicken wonton soup Peking duck spring roll and Shumai. I've had better dumplings but these were pretty good the soup was a hit the dumpling seem very fresh with the a hint of ginger. This is not your typical dim sum with carts this is order straight from the menu which is great everything was piping hot will definitely come back again!
Great restaurant in Chelsea. Attentive service, reasonably priced and dee-liscous!! The bathrooms are unisex and clean, my water was never lower than half-full, and there are tons of items on the menu. We had an order of veggie steamed dumplings (6 for $7.50), and pork fried dumplings (7 for $7.50).  Be sure to ask for a little "hot sauce" to spice up the dipping sauce. It makes them even better.
Best shrimp/pork soup dumplings ever!! Great, fast service. The fried pork dumpling was good as well, but the soup dumplings were the star!
So glad they opened this location! I love the Chinatown original, but the two locations are like night and day. The staff here is really nice, and attentive. The food seems to be a better quality as well. Please add small and side versions of classic dishes, like fried rice, lo mein, chicken and broccoli so you don't order too much food when you need your dumpling fix! Overall, this place is great and fills a void for a dumplings in Chelsea!
Fresh and TASTY XLB, friendly and efficient service (water glasses refilled, dropped chopsticks replaced within seconds) and scallion rolls WITH PASTRAMI make for a uniquely New York experience!
The food in this place is amazing!!! Best dumplings , shumai I've ever tasted. Everything is excellent about the food.
After Pongsri Thai restaurant closed its location here a couple of years ago, I was thrilled to see that something resembling a dim sum restaurant close to my home was opening up. I think it's been open for a month or so and I've been meaning to tryIt out.Stopped in today and realized it was very cold and dark inside. While exploring the menu, it seemed that there really wasn't much in the way of dumplings - 3 flavors cooked a few different ways. Everything also seemed much more expensive than necessary. The staff seemed like they would be attentive, had we stayed to eat. Our waitress confused me when she said they didn't have the soup dumplings seen in the menu, but a smaller version. I reallyShould have just looked over at our neighbor as the waitress really threw meOff which prompted us to go. Ah well - maybe I'll visit again in a few months once they've worked out all the kinks.
Went in for the vegetable and mushroom soup dumplings. Was informed by the waiter that they do not serve them, even though they are on the menu. To our great surprise, the waiter said "They are not good anyway."Then the waiter and cashier started discussing, right in front of us, why we were leaving. Oh boy.
Stumbled into this joint after workout but what a lovely surprise! Being Chinese and lived in Japan, I am super picky on noodles/ramen, but their Shanghai pork noodle totally blew my taste bud! If you eat spice, make sure to ask for spicy source to mix with your broth (it comes free, unlike most of the Japanese Ramen shop), and really good value for money! I will def come back again and try other varieties.
Nice little spot in Chelsea, not well known as this point, but very good! I got 2 orders of the shumai, and one of the har gaw. Price makes me balk a little bit, but definitely an authentic experience. Can't wait to try again for sure.
Friends and I were walking home and decided to take the plunge and try this place. We were all pleasantly surprised by how good this place was. Xiao Loong Bao, pork dumpling both fried and steamed, wontons and the vegetable mushroom dumplings were all very very good. I hope they stay consistent as I plan on coming here a lot :) Can't wait to try some of the other items on their menu.
I'm so glad that a restaurant that literally has excellent in its name it lived up to that! Wow. What incredible soup dumplings. So flavorful and great consistency and had the perfect amount of soup! The beef lo mein was delicious too. I can't wait to come back and have a boat load more of dumplings! So many varieties! Mmmmm. And the service was super friendly and welcoming.
We had soup dumplings that were pretty good. Scallion pancakes were awesome! The only negative experience we had, which had absolutely nothing to do with the restaurant was we were seated next to this foreign couple who would not stop staring at us! I finally turned and said something them because I didn't have a clue. They just looked at me and then kind of just looked at each other and smiled and thought it was funny to stare at people while they eat. Felt like telling them to go back to where they came from and get the hell out of New York
Today was , or this week was a ""soft opening" -  We ordered   Steam Crab meat  Xiao Long Bao /   2/ Steamed ToFu with Minced Shrimp 3/ Shrimp Spring Roll  4/ Sizzling seafood XO Lo Mein .History, I live in Chinatown and know Chinese food and in the restaurant field/ background .   I am sure some "American" would think this is the best  "American Chinese food" We observed how the staff were just dressed like they were off the street and construction boot and looked unkept.  The only waiter was all over the place.  Saw a couple who ordered   Xiao Long Bao and had to asked for sauce.  The owner came with a bottle of soy sauce and packet of Mustard like you would get at McDonald'sWe overheard the family of  four next to us say "I don't think we will be back"We got  to order our meal before the table next to us got their order placed. They arrived there sometime before us and had to flagged  the waiter down..  They order wonton noodle soup and the waiter came back and told  him " we have have the wonton but not the noodle , so we do not have wonton noodle soup for you "ServiceI asked for lemon for my water to be told "they did not have lemon - Other tables had problem with service a well.FoodThe shrimp spring roll was very very greasy and smelled from old oil. (weeks maybe)The food came out randomly , I got my Main meal , seafood lo mein and lastly my  Xiao Long Bao, which should have been the first thing to be coming out.The rice tasted odd. It was not jasmine rice or any kind of rice i have tried nor experienced.Improvements neededService learn  to coast the food (soup first ,  appetizers and then main meal"knowledge of the menu.Portions could be bigger.Lemon for my water. Over all, I will give them a chance in a month or so.
Tried the Excellent Dumpling  House for dinner tonight and was very happy I did. The staff was really friendly and helpful in proving an overview of the menu and specials.  The crab soup dumplings are just like I had in Asia amazing and so fresh.  You must try the scallion pancake roll.  It is crispy with a fantastic combination of beef, scallion strips and sauce that make it unforgettable. This place is like Chinatown and Hong Kong in Chelsea.  You will not be disappointed!!
This is not bad but definitely more tailored to American taste than authentic Chinese food. I won't come back any more but I guess it's quite popular on yelp with Americans. Taste is alright but not quite there..
The mushroom/vegetable streamed dumplings caught me off guard with their subtle yumminess. And there was something remarkable about the wonton soup, too ! Yeah. I need to return to this place often.
Xia Long Bao is my favorite food of all time, With this said, I was super excited to have one just opened two blocks away from me.The Xia Long Bao is pretty good, I'll go back again for them! Especially  this is only 5 min away from home.Tried the 4 style house dumpling: very authentic and delicate, but for $9.95 the price is STEEP for 4 tiny dumplings, $7.95 is more like it.Pastrami in scallion pancake: pancake is good but pastrami too cold and you see fat, and WAY TOO MUCH sweet sauce.Wonton soup:  just perfect and will get more of this next time.Honey smoked baby back ribs: cooked to perfection, tender and meaty, just way too sweet, and lack of smokiness I be back to try more things since this is the soft opening, I like to see more authentic Shanghainess  food like Lions head and rice cakes.
Pretty good xiu long bao! The wrapper is thin, there is a lot of soup in there!! The crab and pork XLB are good. We rated Din Tai Fung a 10, this place could be 8. Hubby had the pastrami onion pancake, it looked good too. The Cha siu ramen was only average.
Very clean and fast service. We ordered so much and ate them all. After walking half day all over ny, it was great! Service was fast.
this place is amazing! we are visiting from D.C. and happened to stumble upon this place. I ordered the crab soup dumplings (i don't remember the exact name) but they were perfect. portion size is considerably big for such a great price. all the servers were kind and continued to check on us!
The perfect NYC Chinese restaurant. Excellent food, service delivered with a level of earnestness only comparable to British butlers, and affordable to boot.
What a fun place for the family. Our only dim sum experience was in San Francisco. While different, this New York restaurant was exceptionally good.   The dining area is quite attractive. We received terrific help from the owner about what dumplings to order. He showed us the proper way to eat soup dumplings.  We will definitely return on our next visit to New York City
It just ok.Came for a weekday lunch and getting a seat at noon was not an issue.We ordered crab + pork XLB, shumai, spicy wontons, and noodles.  the XLB was good, but not great.  Wontons  missed a beat and were one note.  Shumai were tasty, but nothing special.  Noodles were tasty, but again, nothing to write home about.Staff is attentive and helpful, but they do try to turn tables quickly (even though there are empty seats) like most Chinese restaurants.  Price point is high for this offering and quality ($40+ for 2 of us).  It's nice to know its in the area if there's a need, but may not seek it out unless in dire need for a fix (and I can't somehow get on the subway and make it to Chinatown).
Very good dumplings, also the noodels and pad thai are perfectly made.we ate vegetarian dishes, and it was very delicious.As for price, this is good value for money.
I was here on the 'Soft'' opening day the menu was extremely limited but the staff accommodating and nice. The dumplings I tried were hot and fresh as well as delicious.  I know this is a sister restaurant to Another location.  I wish these guys well
Fairly good dumplings! The staff was nice and prompt, although the restaurant was so overstaffed that many of them were just standing and waiting for something to do, which was a little awkward to watch. I recommend the steamed seafood dumplings or fried wontons :)
Food was good. It's a little pricey for the portion size. They tend to get you in and out quickly which is not necessarily a bad thing. Serving speed is a little slow, but it could mean that their food is freshly cooked. Overall I had a pleasant dinner there.
Atmosphere: looks pretty clean! Pleasant tinkly jazz music and it's decorated sparsely but nicely.Staff: I came at the random hour of 3 for a late lunch and there was no one here basically but the staff was by no means lying down. Very attentive, refilled this thirsty girl's water three times, bless them.Food: food came fast. The first dish, the wonton soup had some potential but the broth, thankfully not overly salty, lacked oomph. Tasty but mild. There were a lot of overcooked noodles and the wontons were few and also overcooked. The filling was tasty (pork and shrimp) but I could've used more wonton and less bok choy by far. Took off a star for what I think may have been reheated soup from way earlier. What I came for, however, was the xiao long bao. I got pork. Never had them before. I don't know what they should taste like but I can tell you those tasted like heaven.Fair warning, the reason why I ate enough for two people (besides the fact I entered dehydrated and feeble from hunger) is because they only take card for anything $15+. Evidently they serve wine, beer, and sake but while it's 5 o'clock somewhere, I've got a long drive home so that will just have to be apart of someone else's adventure.
Pretty solid dumpling spot that was I wasn't expecting to find in this part of town. Prices a buy higher than you'd find in Chinatown but were taking location here people. Soup dumplings (pork and crab/lobster) which are a staple are tasty and bursting with that fatty soup we all love. Steamed pork bun was cute and tasty, a good compliment to sop up and spilled dumpling soup. Topped off with a Tsingtao this is a cute dinner date spot.
I lived in NY for 2 years and never found this gem and boy do I regret it! Fantastic and authentic dumplings & soup dumplings! I wanted to order everything on the menu & of the 4 items I ordered everything was delicious! Great prices too, fast service, you won't be disappointed!
Great food, very reasonable price for the location, good service, spacious and clean. Pork XLB is the must have!
Surprisingly decent Chinese spot in midtown, this place just opened 4 weeks ago and we took advantage of the 20% off select menu items. The soup dumplings were very good, better than a few of the Chinatown Shanghainese dumplings place I've tried.  We also tried the fried beef dumpling, crispy flounder, egg tarts, and some noodle soup (although they are more like Japanese ramen than traditional Chinese noodle soup, not what I expected).  Excellent service - the server, Nam, was very attentive.  Will be back again if I'm around the area.
Delicious and cheap. No pretense. Great service. You gotta come here for the AMAZING soup dumplings.
Stopped in at 5pm on Saturday and plenty of seats - got busier about an hour later. Service was very, very friendly and quick. Clean bathroom, which is always a plus for us tourists. We ordered both soup dumplings, lo mein, and scallion pancakes. Everything was extremely delicious. Will definitely come here again when we're in the area!
I've had a lot of dim sum but this place truly stands out. We ordered  shrimp dumpling, spinach dumpling, pork and vegetable bun, and xiao long bao. The quality of their dumplings is immediately apparent from the first bite. The ingredients are fresh and mild. The skin is perfectly textured, giving one the sense that it has been perfected over many years of experience. Every bite feels balanced, as if the chefs thoroughly thought about how the flavors and textures should blend together. Food that is art. I will be back!
I agree with the name - excellent dumplings!  Soup dumplings were one of the best I ever had outside of Chinatown.  Also service is always very good.  Everyone speaks good English and very friendly.
This place was fantastic. We were in town for the weekend and staying nearby, and Chinese is always a reliable family choice, so we checked this place out. Portions were good, food was very reasonably priced, and staff was friendly and accommodating. Best of all, the food was delicious - surprisingly non-greasy, very tasty, just spicy enough, and very fresh. We had noodles, a chicken dish and some dumplings, and all were good. The service was very fast. I would recommend this as a reliable, quick place to eat; wouldn't necessarily go out of the way (but might!) but would certainly merit a return trip if we were nearby!
This was my first time hear and I absolutely enjoyed my experience here as the people was very nice and friendly and the food was absolutely amazing especially there crabmeat and shrimp dumplings and sesame chicken with lo mein and the music was very relaxing definitely made me sleepy after eating.
Menu changed recently when they changed Chefs.  Removed a few favorites like the rock shrimp! The new chef is good but miss the old menu.
Wonderful soup dumplings! Better than other soup dumplings i've had in NY and Boston Chinatown. Perfectly seasoned with the right amount of broth.Amazing service with extremely attentive staff.Hope to come back soon when I am in the area.
Awesome soup dumplings! That's all that really matter right? Walnut prawns were way over priced ($20) for portion size and the flavor was ok. Soup dumplings are a better meal for a better deal ;) ps the service was as excellent as their name!
After arriving late to NYC, I had an urge for Dim Sum. Excellent Dumpling did not disappoint. The service was superb from beginning to end. The lemon grass ribs were juicy and tender and fell off the bone. The highlight were the seafood and pork soup dumplings, which were exquisite. Fried seafood rice was cooked to perfection with quality ingredients. Loved this restaurant.
Soup Dumplings were amazing! Ordered pick up last night and was thoroughly pleased. Wait time was a bit long, but super worth it!
Good food but the service was beyond horrible. The people were rude, and didn't answer when I asked for something. However we always had the older waiter with the glasses so I'm not sure if other ones are better.
Excellent as the name claims!! Loved everything I have had both times I have gone! I had the fried pork dumplings, the steamed crab and shrimp dumplings. Their springs rolls are perfectly cooked and have an excellent sauce paired with them. A must visit at their new location!
Best dumplings in the area. The shrimp dumplings are excellent and the service is so friendly and fast. I have eaten in house and ordered take out and the quality is excellent.
wow.  tried them tonight because of Yelp and was not disappointed.  Great food, and lots of it.  They told me it would take 35 minutes to arrive, it arrived in 25.  Will most certainly return to this place.
I had a HORRIBLE experience here! I went in with a friend and had an amazing bowl of chicken dumpling soup with noodles. BUT what was horrible, was that they rushed us out, AND demanded tip. Because they took away my unfinished bowl of soup and rushed for me to pay, and leave, I chose to NOT tip with MY HARD EARNED MONEY. After the bill was filled and signed, the waitress comes to me and asks me why I didn't tip. And I said "I did not tip because I did not want to." She then proceeds to argue as to why and demanded to give them a tip. I said "No." and my friend also stepped in and reassured that tip is optional. A manager then proceeds to come to us and argue with us and says he pays his employees $7.50 by the hour (Which by the way is LESS than the minimum wage in the NY State.) and that the tip is what they rely on. We explained to him everything and then proceeds to tell us to never come back again. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. NEVER COMING HERE EVER AGAIN!
Cheap and easy- the food is great, but the atmosphere is bare. If you are looking for quality dumplings with no fuss and no frills, then this is your place! The service is quick and attentive. I recommend it for a quick lunch or dinner, if your purpose is just to get good food. But if you are looking for a dining experience, there are better choices.
Ordered spicy wontons, pork xiao long bao and shrimp and crab dumplings. While the spicy wontons weren't spicy or saucy enough for my taste (I'm constantly looking for something that mirrors Vanessa's or Din Tai Fung), the wonton filling was plentiful and fresh. The wrapper was nice and thin. The XLB comes in an order of 6 juicy, thin wrapper, juicy soft pork! I hesitate writing this review as I'm worried people are going to start flocking here once they realize that Joe Shanghai is a tourist destination. The shrimp and crab dumplings were crisp to the bite and wrappers were the right amount of mochi consistency. Even dim sum places mess this up and get sticky wrappers that stick to the dim sum steamer. Not here. I highly recommend this place for their dumplings! Their service was impeccable for a Chinese restaurant and decently affordable. My belly is full and cravings fulfilled!
I've never had soup dumplings before and I didn't feel like schlepping all the way to Chinatown or Flushing. I decided to try this place based on the reviews and I was not disappointed. Great portions for great prices and wonderful service. I came with my friend and we went crazy with the dumplings and such so we didn't even get to any entrees. We definitely plan to go back to try some other things. I got the pork soup dumplings, she got the mushroom and vegetable dumplings, we both got the vegetable spring rolls and scallion pancakes. Each thing was tastier than the next! This will definitely become a go to whenever I am in the Chelsea area.
The food here is a really really good and this is a hidden gem. Can't wait to come back and try some more dim sum and hot pot bowls. Food tastes fresh and service is friendly. Hot and sour soup was also very tasty.
Give me some dumplings immediately. The atmosphere may not be branded on par with the soul healing goodness of the Dumplings - but maybe that is the brand? Genius.
Wow! I haven't had xiao long bao like those since I was in Shanghai. High quality, affordable, and delicious!
Portions were very small for the price , and the hot and sour soup was too over-flavored.
Came here pretty late in the evening for a dumpling craving. Overall, it was ok. Not the best I've had in the city however. For the price, it is excellent and satisfies your cravings. Service was excellent. The place itself was clean and nice - pretty casual!
Went here for the first time today and it really is excellent. The BBQ pork belly, fried pork dumplings, 4 color dumplings and Pork Chashu noodle soup were terrific. It's also very clean and the service is good.
My girlfriend and I love this place!! Their pan fried dumpling is amazing and we always come back for it!! Their other menus are good too so you can assess your options. But honestly, if you're ordering the usual Chinese food dishes like "sesame chicken" and stuff like that, I would recommend the cheaper local Chinese food stores rather than here only because of the price. Taste-wise, the dishes served here are still good; just a bit pricey. Also, the customer service is amazing! Although I would say every time we go there, there seems to be too much waiters and waitresses compared to the number of customers. But their staff is friendly and helpful which is always a plus! Eat here, it's really good~!! Especially their dumplings!!
I ate there and had take-out.  The dumplings are good.  The other food lacks flavor.  Zero flavor unless you go with the dumplings.
Great dumplings and bao. Excellent wait staff. Hot and sour soup worth making the trip alone!
I wanted to give this place a really great review, and would've, if I had left maybe ten minutes prior. The food was great - my friend and I split four different dumplings; pork soup dumplings, steamed beef dumplings, hot and spicy wontons and mushroom and veggie dumplings and each had a small hot and sour soup. The food was delicious, especially the soup dumplings which did not skimp on the soup. Okay, here comes the bad. It was pouring yesterday in New York. All day long. And as we were finishing up our soup, four ladies walked in and one took out her dog, placed it on her lap and acted as if nothing was weird. Then she poured water onto one of the restaurants plates and had the dog drink from it. I love animals... not in my restaurants. And especially not wet dogs. It's just disgusting. Unsanitary and really offensive. Leave your dog at home. They do not belong in restaurants. And especially so if they're wet and gross. I do not want your dog hair in my food. I do not want your dog in the restaurants I'm trying to eat in. What if I were allergic. Or terrified of dogs. A restaurant is no place for a dog. After telling four different members of the wait staff, who did nothing nor did they seem to care we hurried with the check and left. It left a really bad taste in my mouth. Before that we were for sure coming back. But once the dog came in, I will for sure not be coming back. And it's a shame.
Lives up to its audacious name!Ambiance: Nice, clean and basically appointed restaurant.Service: Terrific. Not something I would normally rave about but in this case our waiter was really friendly without ever feeling like he was interrupting our meal. More to the point he was nice enough to explain how to eat soup dumplings the proper way without making us feel like stupid rubes (i've had them before but much larger so I did need the help).Food: Oh yes, they are excellent. I had the pork/crab soup dumplings and they are probably the best versions I've ever had of these. My sister had shrimp dumplings and unusually for her, wouldn't share so that in itself speaks volumes. We then shared a General Tso's Chicken and even this was a great version of a standard dish. Just the right amount of spice but not clawingly sweet like you often find.Price: A bargain for such good quality.I'll be dreaming of those soup dumplings for years.
One of the best soup dumplings joint in Chelsea. There are days when you just don't want to trek down to C-town for Joe's and Excellent Dumpling House will suffice. The skin of the soup dumpling stays intact, and the soup filling is the right flavor. The meat is tender and the right size. Some other restaurants use too much fat in the filing, but this place gets the proportion right! Will return, Excellent!
Best dumplings in this neighborhood. Very good food. New spot for take out hands down.
A place known for dumplings probably shouldn't run out of dumplings... but they did. I'm a fan of the canal st location and glad to see this one pop up closer to home. With that said, restaurant still needs to smooth out some kinks: need sauces in serving jars vs plastic to go packets, don't run out of soup dumplings in prime serving hour, please serve chopsticks vs fork/knife... however, with all this said, food is still pretty good and almost on par with Chinatown location.
I work down the block and I've been here at least 4 times already! The soup dumplings are to die for! There is something so satisfying about the warm broth and it makes you feel like a down blanket has been draped around your shoulders. I only gave 4 stars because the other selections are just okay. The scallion pancakes are great too, light and airy!
Dumplings were very sweet... weird taste. Don't know how it got 4 stars. I was fooled. Btw the service was awful.
Great food. Friendly staff. Definitely recommend the soup dumplings. Waitstaff is informative and make great recommendations. My favorite neighborhood restaurant.
Finally an authentic chinese restaurant that has great food in Chelsea! The pastrami scallion pancake was really tasty but the star of the show was the steamed crab soup dumplings. The soup dumplings, aka xiao long bao, was just as good, if not better, than places in Chinatown. I had the young chicken pot which was tasty as well. This will definitely be my go to chinese spot in the area.
Not vegetarian friendly.  Chinese restaurant typically have a dozen vegetarian options in all categories... Not the case here.
Great soup dumplings.  So glad this place opened a 2nd location closer to mid-town.  Great service.
This place was so perfect to go to after a long day at work. The decor is fine but nothing special. Not anywhere near a dive, it's fine, it's just not the focus. So dont come for the decor. Come for the dumplings. The dumplings were so good. Such comfort food. That and a glass of wine, shared w a friend is just the perfect way to unwind. Lots of choices. We just ordered a bunch of different dumplings and we eventually rolled ourselves out a little fatter and way happier. Prices were good too.
Super solid place...dumplings are very good and fried rice is better than most. If in area and want chinese...this is your joint
Pretty tasty dumplings and they came out quick. We got the XLB pork, steamed pork and hot and sour soup. We will return if ever in that area of the city again.
The food here is meh. I've had better food in Chinatown frankly. I would only recommend this place if you are hungry. The service is in between and I would come back here if I am tired and hangry. Thanks, anonymous
Very solid Dim Sum. Had the soup dumplings, shu mi and regular dumplings. All were high quality. Service was extremely fast. This is a great addition to the neighborhood and I will def come back.
Great Ramen!! The dumplings were ok. We've had better but the ramen really surprised us.
We came in here based on the high ratings in proximity to where we were going that night. Dumplings did not disappoint. We had steamed dumplings which were actually delicious and 695 in order. On the other hand the salmon hot pot and almost $23 was really nothing special
This place was amazing! The staff was the sweetest, and we ordered a selection of dim sum and soup dumplings (both kinds they offer) it was all delicious, I was literally dancing in my seat when more was brought to the table. the prices are great, I will DEFINITELY be back!!
Prices were great, soup dumplings and other dumplings were ALL delicious. Wonton soup was sadly the only miss as it was way too bland. Still, overall absolutely delicious meal and would definitely come back then time Im in town.
Great menu and everything I ordered was delicious. Friendly staff also and nice decor. I look forward to returning here.
Yummy dumplings, in a clean and modern location. Definitely a busy location but service was prompt and attentive. They feature giant soup dumplings on the cover of their menu but unfortunately they don't serve them at this location. Bummer. We tried the crab and pork soup dumplings which were delicious, but a bit too fishy for my friends taste. We also had the chicken dumplings which were quite good and the steamed pork buns which had just the right touch of sweetness, but a LOT of dough and not much filling at all. Overall a decent dumpling spot, clean, with quick and tasty selections. If you want a more authentic experience though, visit Chinatown.
