Really really wanted to love this place. Ladies at the counter were sooooo nice. Ordered crab Rangoon, which were decent. But the rib tips and fried dumplings were grisly and full of mystery meat. I ate a bit and THREW AWAY the leftovers immediately. Thinking about them made me feel a lil ill. I was hoping this would be my greasy neighborhood Chinese American spot. Alas :-((
Best Chinese food in the heart of bedford StuyvesantWith the two friendliest ladies that know what you want as soon as you walk though the door. Also the food is very very good!!!
Good. Real good. I like the General Tso chicken a lot. The noodles not so much. Fried rice was surprisingly yummy too.
Surprise. Actual authentic Chinese dishes in BedStuy! It seems the establishment is intent on adding more 'Home Style' dishes as well. No Chinese broccoli yet, but I (and you) should ask for it!  For now, I'd go for the Ma Pao Tofu, the eggplant, and perhaps the scallion pancakes if you're staying in. They're best if you don't carry them home in a box where they'll get soggy.
I eat at Wing Cheong because it's one of the only Chinese restaurants still popping after the midnight hour on a weeknight. Food is good but I haven't tried any of the "Chef's Specialties." I order the hood basics here-chicken wings, fried rice, boneless ribs, more fried rice. The people who run this place are friendly with a good sense of humor. Wing Cheong doesn't deliver.
As someone who likes traditional Chinese food, this place is the best example of "American Style" Chinese food that I have been to. The food is fresh, properly done,  and well priced.  The service is fantastic, especially considering the sometimes inebriated state of the clientele. For those who do not like "American Style" food I recommend asking the staff as there are a few dishes (mapo doufu, spicy eggplant) done in the Chinese home-style way.
By far, the best Chinese food I've had in Bed-Stuy.  It truly hits all the bases for a NYC chinese takeout place.  They do all the basic American Chinese takeout dishes very well, from fried rice to dumplings to spare ribs.  It's very inexpensive for the portions you get.  And, the service is extremely friendly for Bed-Stuy and quick.
The meals are cheap, delicious and bountiful. They have a lot to offer and they're so friendly. 4 meals there equal about $20 with a free can of soda. 1 entree is enough for 2 people and it costs $5. I get takeout from there everytime I'm hanging out with friends. Cash only.
Tasty cheap eats available late night, from super nice people.A late arrival into JFK after not eating all day, a cab ride to Brooklyn, I'm hangry. That's hungry to the point of being angry. My friend suggests Wing Cheong even though he ate the food there just the night before. Veggie dumplings - steamed - are good. Scallion pancakes, good. The roast pork with snow peas (#89?) has more veg in it than snow peas, so bonus.We also got an item pictured on the wall, fish with tofu and vegetables. It could use a little hot sauce to zip things up a bit, luckily there's an ample portion of that provided in our bag. Our two main dishes come with rice: brown or white is available. We get the brown. That's a bonus in my book as well.For being nearly 1 am, everyone's in the good mood, including the numerous other customers who come in ravenously requesting the fried wings, and then breaking out into acapella song. The woman behind the counter is smiling the whole time.So much food, and heaps left over. All for $20. Take-away only.
Wow. What can I say about this AMAZINGLY delicious bed-stuy cheap Chinese place? First off - it's cheap. Like REALLY cheap. Secondly, their portions are HUGE. Like - I don't really want to know why/how they can afford to charge so little for such huge portions. My first month living in NY was in bed-stuy and this was a regular staple of mine. Really delish for that cheap chinese itch you need to scratch.
This place is our go-to place in our neighborhood.  Not only do they have good food (not sure if they use MSG or not, but usually when MSG is present I feel heavy in the chest after I eat it as I'm a bit allergic, and I never have this feeling with Wing Cheong), but the service is impeccable! They remember you every time you go in, it's pretty impressive.  They never take names or anything, but when you go in they know which order is yours and what drink and type of rice you want.  It's like magic!  :)  Oh and it's a lot of food for not that much money.  We usually get 3-4 large dishes for about $25.  You can't really beat that!
As far as non-Chinatown/American-style Chinese food goes, this place is surprisingly excellent. The chow fun is the only thing I'd definitely not order again -- way too salty and kind of mushy. The boneless spareribs were good, if a little gristly. Hot and sour soup's a little heavier/oilier than I'd prefer, but not bad when it saves me a trip to Mott Street. The dumplings are doughier than I like, but my husband loves them that way, so I guess that's up to you. The sesame chicken, beef with broccoli, and sauteed string beans have all been really tasty and with vegetables that haven't been cooked to death. The crab rangoon (on their menu as "Cheese Wonton") is nearly perfect: crisp, fresh, not too greasy. Plus? Ridiculously huge portion sizes and super friendly staff. I don't know how the other Chinese places on Fulton can stay open compared to this place.Addendum: My husband was all "dude, you were so mean to Wing Cheong!" I thought it was pretty fair/accurate but lemme just emphasize AGAIN, it is really good. Seriously.
Way above average! This is not your typical "cheap" Chinese takeout place. For starters, you are greeted very friendly and with a smile. If you're unsure, she'll give you suggestions that are honest and on point. The prices are very affordable. They have the staple menu as everywhere else, but the quality is above any cheap place I've been. But don't stop there. The best items aren't on the menu, but handwritten on the walls. There's a special soup menu, various house-made dumplings, and much more. So, if you're hungry and in Bed-Stuy, look for the hanging lit-up sign on Fulton!
Good food - their cream cheese wantons were really good! I'd return if I'm in the area.
The great thing about this place is not the typical "American style" Chinese food, but the items that are not on the printed menu that you can order.  The authentic udon noodle soup, tofu dishes are very good, and for the price a great choice!  Definitely a hidden gem in the hood!
Some of the best "American style" Chinese food I've had for the price in Brooklyn. My favorite dish is the tofu with mixed vegetables in garlic sauce (with brown rice). So good, and not that greasy.
Quick and good food, good service, good prices.  It's a blessing to have them in the neighborhood and an easy 5 minute walk from my apartment.
the lady up front is sooo friendly! she remembers me every time! and the food is better than your average corner Chinese spot. the fact that it's always crowded up until closing time says it all!
I had a very Ratchet 26th bday party about two weeks ago. The theme was really Ratchet, complete with jungle juice and some fried chicken wings from Wing Cheong. Hands down best greasy, chinese restaurant chicken wings and they are great. I know this because I ate them BEFORE I started drinking. They taste good sober, tipsy or so far gone. I do want to apologize though for the day after my (suburban) homie with a severe hangover ordering one of everything on the menu to only realize that they don't take credit cards and that she can't remember her debit card pin....after the food was made. She's not from here. I'll order enough wings over time to make up for it.
I have finally Found Crab RAGOON in NYC. this is the place Nice big pieces. the price is reasonable and the portions are huge. Me and My Boyfriend went there today and an order of Crab Ragoon (known in NYC as cheese wonton) was on $3.50 for 10 nice sized pieces. it came with sweet and sour sauce that was jut made hot and GREAT. I have search for it because NYC seem to be on this whole " real Chinese thing" but I am Originally from Detroit and Every one sold C.R. I'm this spot it was too great!!!
The people are great, and they get your order in and out really quick. Not to mention it was delicious AND affordable. I highly recommend this place.
they called all the regulars that came in by name (granted, they had called ahead, but what are they psychic?) and were super friendly all around.  also, it's an open kitchen so u can see that it's satisfactorily clean. we just got sesame and general tso's chicken but it was served on fresh, good broccoli and light, onion-y veggie fried rice that wasn't greasy at all.  and, it was all only $11.40!
As someone with a deep and abiding love of cheap, store-front Chinese restaurants with pictures over the counter, and with many options in the area, this is hands-down my favorite.  I'll go to Chinatown for the real thing, but for cheap, hearty, Americanized Chinese food, this is a solid bet.  The lunch special of an entree with fried rice, an egg roll, and a soda isn't more than $5 or so.  The woman who usually works at the counter is always warm, and service is consistently fast.  I love seeing the food I eat being made, so I get a kick out of the kitchen being exposed, which is clean and efficient.  It's nothing fancy, but for what they do, they do it quite well.
Yeah, its Legit! hands down best in Bed-Stuy!! Maybe the best in Brooklyn!
