Knocks it out of the park. I've been coming here 2x per week since they opened. The dim sum is on par if not better than what you find in some of the dim sum go-tos in NYC. Been venturing into having some of their dishes lately too and I'm so impressed. Service is class, too. Includes private parking. Definitely one of the best spots in New Dorp right now.
First time here with my family,  10% off grand opening.  Dim sum pretty good. A lot of choices.  Specially the white mountain pork bun so good.  Very similar to Tim ho wan pork bun.  Good to try for who live in Staten Island.
super surprised with how good this dim sum is. my mom and I are so happy there is finally a place for good dim sum on the island, this is long overdue.
Wanted to try this place for a while! Glad we finally came! The pig buns were so cute and really yummy! If you use a valpak coupon, be sure to print it out because they don't take them from your phone. Loved going to Sips + Maker afterwards for coffee and to check out all of the cool stuff for sale in the back of the coffee shop!
Come here early if its on a weekend. Parking lot was full and the wait went out the door around 11AM on a Sunday. The food was good, however there were not a lot of choices. The ladies that push the carts around didn't say what was in the cart and some even rollby without stopping. Overall, its a decent place for dimsum if you wanna stay on the island.
This new restaurant was so good that we can have dim sum in Staten Island for us , service and quality is excellent,finally have a nice place to handouts with friends and family.
We came we saw, didn't conquer.... we didn't get passed the front door! They thought of sitting us down and said our table is being cleaned than someone else came in and took the table that should have been ours... wow! zero customer skills, very, very disrepectfull. I am sure they will not miss the business they have to much of it, we ate at the different place.  I guess this review will be the only way for them to know that it is not ok to treat customers in a bad way....
Our waitress just yesed us and couldn't speak English, so my food never came. My husband ate alone. Food was ok. They had different menu for Chinese american people. Have to wait too long  every time u ordered dumplings which were just ok. Don't waste your time. Over priced menu.
This is a new restaurant on the island and it really has fresh, delicious food, so delicious that we went here twice in the last two days. We just ordered different dim sum dishes and wow, the taste does not even compare to any Brooklyn restaurant. This place truely has the freshest dim sum I've tried. They are pretty busy and it's loud so it's good to take kids here. For anyone who wants to try something new, this is definitely the place. We will be back for more!
Food was good however it is very complicated to place an order because they only speak Chinese. At the end of The meal we paid but our issue was that the waitress was begging for tips in a very unprofessional way. She was forcing tips on us and she was sticking out her hand in our face and waving it around.
This place makes traditional Chinese food as good as Chinatown's. They also offer the usual American style Chinese food fare. The dim sum is amazing as are the family style platters we ordered. The one thing they can improve upon is service - they were understaffed/unprepared for the Friday night rush. Regardless, now I don't have to shlep to Manhattan for real Chinese food!
Air conditioning isn't strong enough, staff doesn't pay attention, slow service. Food is mediocre. Prices are expensive compared to brooklyn, rather pay the toll and just eat better in Brooklyn.
Came in without reservations for Saturday afternoon dim sum. Parking is very small limited. It is not a large restaurant, but it has two floors and maybe a balcony if it is nice weather? It was crowded so it took 10 min to get seated. Decor and restrooms all look brand new and nice. Waitstaff were nice and helpful. They have Cantonese style dim sum. Just like Hong Kong, you have the menu and you tick off which and how many you want. They make it on the spot so it's fresh. They have all the popular dim sum dishes, but not all. All dishes ordered were nicely presented and tasted delicious. I recommend this place. It definitely beats going to the city and finding parking.
Finally a Staten Island dim sum location! Went on Friday, no steam carts. You order from a dim sum menu complete with pictures. Everything was very tasty. Tried congee for the 1 st time. Very good fried taro rolls. Shrimp dumplings were a little small, but very good. Short ribs were tasty but expensive for the portion size. Nice setting. We will be back, again and again!!
At long last, AUTHENTIC Chinese food on Staten island! Open just two weeks, PITS serves the freshest-tasting, most carefully constructed and authentic Cantonese dim sum I've enjoyed in years. Housed in a location that has seen several restaurants open and fail, this tastefully decorated and handsome place will surely endure if its combination of friendly service and truly great food stays in force. When trying a dim sum place for the first time, I always order certain staple dishes that I've come to know as barometers that measure the quality of the cooking in general. Har gow (crystal shrimp dumplings), shu mai (open-topped pork and shrimp dumplings), char siu bao (steamed savory roast pork and sauce buns) and fried sticky rice with Chinese sausage are among these favorites; all were ordered and found to be excellent. The fried sticky rice with sausage in particular was a standout; the rice was punctuated with tiny pieces of sausage and strewn with crispy rice and ringlets of young scallion, all wok-fried to a greaseless perfection. It's now my goal to try EVERY item on the menu, which includes not only dim sum but also an impressive array of authentic Cantonese dishes like you'd find in the best Chinatown establishments. Do patronize this place and help to ensure its prosperity and longevity in the tumultuous Island restaurant scene.
Finally!!! A Dim Sum place on Staten Island! My usual stop for Dim Sum is in Brooklyn (East Harbor) but not any more. The food is very good, the staff is very friendly and there is a parking lot (small one).  There wasn't a dish I wasn't happy with. My only criticism is the set up of the restaurant. They have only been open for a few weeks and it has already gotten pretty popular judging by the small wait for a table, which is good to see because that tells you the food is good. They have a second floor but, you have to order of a menu and the waiter goes downstairs to get the dim sum. You don't get the full experience of going for dim sum by picking what you want to eat off the carts When your sitting upstairs. The place is too small for what will be a very successful restaurant on the weekends and holidays. Its just a poor layout in there. Other than the size and functionality of the place it is a good spot. I will definitely be back. Hopefully, we will get to sit downstairs next time in the heart of the action. LOL
