My first time ordering. Really delicious-- and very fast delivery.One bit of advice-- take them very seriously when choosing your spice level! These guys aren't playing games!!
This is one of the best places to eat in the area. There aren't many sit down restaurants in this neighborhood so maybe that's why, but the food is amazing. I've tried the samosas, the paneer, and a few other dishes and loved it all! It's usually pretty empty but don't let that stop you from trying it out.
Delicious Indian food every time! Great quality and portions. I order from them 2 times a week. Keep up the great food.
I've been here a few times. I don't usually write reviews. I had the the chicken masala it had very tough chicken and tasted like it might have gone bad. The saag with shrimpStill had the shrimp tails on although it was served with them mixed in. I took a bite and was chewing one of the tails that had fallen off. the garlic naan was good. I really don't think they like when people order to go.
Amazing food! Best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn, authentic. A hidden gem! Ordered their saag paneer, dal,'and chicken tika. All great!
I ordered a cauliflower Manchurian and a traditional chicken curry. The Manchurian was a big hit. Getting the info-Chinese genre right is not easy but Tandoori Masala have perfected that process, especially since the sauce was supported with relative veggies. The chicken curry was flavorful and spiced up the way I asked to be but was not special or something I would go back for. Looking forward to trying more indochinese items from this menu.
It's important to take in a few factors when visiting or ordering from here. For example, this place is in the middle of Bushwick, Brooklyn and thereby far from an Indian neighborhood. It's not surprising that things may not be as spicy or flavorful as you are used to from your favorite Indian restaurant; with distance comes dilution. Additionally, it's a small place and doesn't have a very good atmosphere if you're considering a night out here. I would get takeout only. However keep in mind, I gave them 4 stars for food and service  :-)I ordered delivery. I wanted to see how fast it would get to me. I was approximately 10-12 blocks from where the restaurant is located and it arrived in a half hour (way better than Dominos... but that's another review for another time). I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh and Samosas off of their pre fixe menu. Total cost $25 including tax, tip and an extra side of Tamarind chutney. I need to say this. I AM A TAMARIND CHUTNEY FEIND (woo admittance is the first step). I literally will not eat Indian food w/o it. But I was disappointed by their chutney. Wayyyy to watered down. The food was a 3.5 as it was lacking in as much flavor as I'm used to (remember we learned about distance and dilution of culture before?) but the service was very good. User friendly online ordering website, quick delivery, the delivery man did not linger around for an additional tip and the food was neatly packed. Samosas were good! Naan also good and it came with white jasmine rice (you can substitute for brown rice for an extra $1). So was it worth it? All things considered, as long as you're not expecting a meal suited for an Indian food connoisseur... yes. I'll be ordering often.
Love this place. Best restaurant in the neighborhood.  Sai (the manager) is super nice and helpful.  I get take out and delivery mostly. The food is some of the best Indian I have ever had. Lots of choices, always hot, exactly to order. It's a new restaurant and I hope they keep up the amazing food and service! I'm a regular!
Spent an impromptu weekend in Brooklyn this past weekend, and among the shenanigans we found this little place to eat. I am not a New York native, it having been at least three years since my last visit. However, Yelp never fails. If you find yourself in this part of Brooklyn and would like some authentic and delicious Indian cuisine, you should look no further than this. Reasonably priced by what I consider to be NY standards, and what the place lacks in ambiance - literally a gold plated box with a windowed door - it makes up for in the richness and quality of the food. This place is best for dinner, although I suppose some might be able to make a lunch meal out of it.My party was a size of 6, and the place is a little small - but we were able to push two tables together. They have the standard selection of indian cuisine any reputable place would offer, and of the six different dishes we ordered (tandoori chicken, lamb vindaloo, chicken shawarma, etc) all of them were excellent!I dont think there is a bad dish in this joint. The Okra appatizer dish was the highlight of the meal, and do yourself a favour and order a double portion of the garlic naan. (it comes out nice and hot). Things can get spicy in Indian cuisine, and this one is no exception. Not everything on the menu will burn, but those with a cats tongue be advised that Indians mean spicy. Portion sizes are filling, especially if you do what we did and shared amongst the six of us, sampling a little of everything. The Mango Lassi was amongst the best that I have had in a while. There are good vegetarian options, and all the meat dishes were tender and flavorful. I doubt a person could go wrong.The food doesnt take too long to come out, and for those feeling like staying in, there is a delivery option available.
Do not believe the a star rating! I love love love Indian food I typically eat at Indian curry height on a weekly basis but decided to try a different restaurant with a friend oh my God we both had lamb and I feel like it must have been old lamb being reused or reheated because I've never been so bloated and sick for three four days! Just too cool inside my date was also very sick from this food in this establishment period you've been warned
It's a Saturday evening and it's pretty dead in here. But since I have ordered here before I know the food is good. I ordered the Fish Tikka appetizer for starters. Lamb Conchi in a coconut sauce. And my bf the Mixed grill which, includes 3 peices of chicken, a piece of grilled fish, a piece of lamb, and a piece of kofta. Everything tasted great.!!I also had the Lassi, yogurt base with fruits, mango, and some other stuff.it didn't taste like anything really.Price is fair
I have twice asked them to make it double spicy and it has been sooooo gooood!! I had the non veg appetizer chicken manchurian -- perfect! And now the mutton korma. Trust me its creamy and sweet and when u make it spicy its heavenly!
I ordered via GrubHub the chicken saagwala (chicken with fresh spinach, served with basmati rice). It was nothing spectacular. I wish it had more spices, a little kick. I need to find a new dish to try. I welcome any recommendations.
Delivery is fast and food is delicious!  Very happy that my coworkers and I found this restaurant to order lunch while at work.
DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS!!! Had the samosas and chicken curry. Delivery was quick. Food very fresh. Very well seasoned. Friendly staff over the phone. My fiancé had chana masala and says it was a perfect amount of spice, great flavor, great portion. Check them out! Nom nom!
Review written more as a NTS for future ordering:Have only gotten delivery.The lamb curry is good.  Medium Spicy is better than Spicy because of that phenomenon where more spice = less flavor.The garlic naan is decent and I'd order it againThe shrimp biryani is just OK. You have to be careful while eating it because of all the huge chunks of herb/spice that are disgusting to bite into.  Try to pick them all out before going ham.
Excellent food, just ask for the spiciness you prefer I have been at the restaurant and it's nice and clean. The delivery also is fast
AGAIN I can't say anything but great things. Everything is delicious and delivered fast and fresh!! Yes, the samosas are some of the best. Samosas are spicy and flaky with the perfect amount of spicy chickpea garnish. YUMM! Yes, we do live around the corner, and yes it is good enough to eat at every meal.. Which we may or may not have done too many times to count !
I'd eaten here several times and always thought, "It's OK, and it's down the block from me so I guess I'll keep coming back." The ambience leaves a LOT to desire (think "Decor (or lack thereof) appropriate for a brand new opthamologist's office in a suburban midwestern strip mall") and many times I've eaten here there hasn't been any music playing at all-- just the sounds of very few diners echoing off the marble walls. Still, it's close and it's Indian and they serve wine and that's all that mattered to me.HOWEVER: after my experience one night about a week and a half ago I will never be returning. I have to offer this advice: WALK THE TWO EXTRA BLOCKS TO GO TO DELHI HEIGHTS!!! Delhi Heights blows this place out of the water both in food and ambience, and when it comes to customer service Tandoori Masala just rolls over and dies.I don't know if they're under different management than before or if I just somehow dodged the shorter young man with the pencil mustache, but he claimed he'd been there "since day one" and had never seen me so I'm not sure who he is.Either way this time my daal makhani was the blandest lentil dish I've ever eaten in my life. It tasted like a sad and oft-pitied illegitimate child of black lentil and Taco Bell refried beans. The texture was even worse. My papadum was stale and tasted almost moldy, and was soft and limp in certain places. I couldn't finish it. The final straw was when I chose a different wine for my second glass (I thought, "I'll try the Malbec, maybe that will make this awful cardboard meal before taste almost palatable!") and it was corked. I don't merely mean that the wine was stopped with a cork, as most wine is, I mean that the wine was chock full of that astringent taste and wet-dog odor that can only mean it's swimming with trichloroanisole (cork taint). I worked as a bartender in restaurants for over a decade, and I know that this happens with 5% of wine bottles (or one out of twenty) and usually it renders the product undrinkable.Usually in this instance the discerning customer will alert the staff that the bottle is undrinkable, and the restaurant can return the unused portion of the wine bottle to their distributor for credit or a refund. At the very least the restaurant should pour the customer another glass of wine (from a different bottle!) for no additional charge.This shorter young man with a pencil mustache, however, went ballistic when I (very kindly and patiently!) alerted him to the state of his wine. He accused me of wanting free wine, even though I explained to him I couldn't drink the first glass so I wouldn't be getting free wine. He accused me of being drunk, even though I walked in stone cold sober and had only had one glass of red wine prior (and, please note, their wine pours are quite modest). After being called a liar and intoxicated I had endured enough personal injury on top of the insult that was the quality of food and drink that had been served to me and I left cash (and, despite my inclination to do otherwise, tipped 20%) alongside my uneaten meal and full glass of wine. I will not be returning.What I have surmised is that Tandoori Masala is OK as long as they get everything-- the food, the drink-- right the first time. If they've made a mistake and you have to ask them to correct it then you have sadly wasted your money, as they will only berate you and deny that they've done anything wrong (as you can see in several of the other reviews on here!) My only wish is that they change management or go out of business soon so that something worthwhile to the neighborhood can take their real estate there along Broadway.Fortunately I found DELHI HEIGHTS at Decatur and Howard, just three blocks away! The food is phenomenal by comparison, the portions are at least 50% larger, and you can bring your own bottle with no cork fee. On top of it I actually feel welcome there! Not like I'm a nuisance to the staff, as I often felt at Tandoori Masala. Trust me, walk the three extra blocks to DELHI HEIGHTS. You can thank me  for the advice by giving a generous tip to their gracious and friendly staff! :)
My favorite delivery place. The food and the service are great and consistent. The best Indian food I've found in New York. Goan salmon is unreal.
Best samosas in all of Brooklyn! Not even kidding, Tandoori Masala is literally one of the best things about the neighbourhood. Always good food, kind service and all round nice place you can trust will keep up high standard.Never had a complain!
Our family of 3 enjoys Indian, eats it often, 2 of us have taken an authentic Indian cooking class.  Needless to say, we enjoy Indian food (in and out), so any restaurant getting consistent 5 stars we had to try.  Bushwick is hipster hot of course, so we figured even if it's 4 stars we'd be happy.  The interior is minimalist as it should be - after all it is 2015!  The tables, glasses, dishware and utensils all SPARKLE.  We came early, before sundown, so the view out the large window that runs the entire storefront is across to the lovely row houses across Broadway.Service was excellent, served with a smile.  Here's what we tried this go around:Gratis for the table:Papadum served with 3 relishes - tamarind, mint cilantro, and tomato. Our preference would be a little less salt in the papadrum and cut the tomato with some onion.  But as it was, it was still yummy.AppetizersSamosas - They could not have been better.Bhel Puri - Absolutely delicious.  We were fighting over the last rice crisps!We tried 2 different NaansKandhari Naan (Naan stuffed with pistachios, raisins and almond chopped red onion) - This was so yummy, it could easily be used as a dessert item.  It doesn't indicate that there was coconut in it, but we certainly thought there was a hint of coconut flavor in there somewhere.  We should have asked, but we just forgot.Spicey Naan (Chicken, Cilantro and some Chili powder) done to perfection - kick it up a notch by putting some of Saag or Curry on it (see below).Lamb Saag, and Shrimp Saag (not on the menu, just asked for it) - The Saag here has to be the best ever.  Not at all salty with a hint of spiceyness.  Truly perfect.  The Shrimp were fresh, done to a turn.  The Lamb was excellent quality, melt in our mouth, no grizzle.  Both contained a sufficient amount of protein.Crab Curry - This was another yummy dish.  Spicey but not too spicey.Dessert - 3 pieces on the house: Gulab Jamuun - A pleasant and absolutely delicious way to end the meal.*Even the Basmati rice was yummy!We WILL DEFINITELY go back.  Wishing this place SUCCESS, and wish we lived closer so we could take advantage of them on a steady basis.
Always get takeout, and never see anyone inside. Sat inside for once, only ones inside. Food is always great, never too spicy or sweet, great size portions. Delivery times are always great.
I've only ordered online, but delivery is always really quick and the food arrives still hot. The food is much better than other Indian options in the area. I usually go for Lamb Saagwala and it's the best I've had since moving to NY years ago. I usually go for samosas, but the marinated meat appetizers are also really good. So glad to have this so close to my apartment!
just found this place, trying it for the first time. I'm giving 5 stars based on the service alone. I placed an order for delivery. The man was very nice, and explained each dish I had a question about, and helped me choose one. I ordered the chicken saagwala. DELICIOUS! I really love it, tons of flavor. I will absolutely be a regular!
Food was great! Ordered online for a pickup at work. Totally lost track of time when the worker called me and told me that my food was ready.Prices are great, there's not many decent places to eat around Bushwick so I definitely found my new place!
My delivery guy was mugged and still delivered on time. Best bhartha in town, 10/10 with rice.
Becoming my favorite Indian Grubhub spot - really great, standard Indian dishes for reasonable prices. Delivery time is always more than reasonable. I'm a happy girl! I've never gone in to eat, but the place looks well designed from the outside.
Food arrived exactly as I ordered and exactly on schedule with the estimated delivery time (in a not so savory neighborhood, 2 miles from the restaurant). Highly recommend!
Sadly enough, the delivery man is going to be the death of this establishment. After sending my 8 year old son to get the food I ordered, my son tells me that the guy was cursing at him for a tip. To matters worse, he then calls me and starts to scream for tip, stating for me not to order from the restaurant anymore. I called the restaurants owner to inform him of the issue, but he nonchalantly explained he would speak to his driver. However I'm not convinced. Tandoori you can do better without your delivery guy, he is going to ruin you.
Hiding in plain sight this Indian restaurant has a great menu with affordable prices. It's the perfect place for random lunches of dinners since it doesn't ever seem to be crowded. Most people just order takeout. The waitress seemed to be a little on the untrained side but the food still came in a decent time and was worth the cost once again. I would order takeout often if I lived in the area.
i am in an exclusive curry delivery relationship with tandoori masala (don't tell taj kebab king, he gets so jealous)sometimes i order the $15.95 chicken korma prix fixe with samosas and onion naan multiple times a week from different locations and using different phone numbers because i don't want them to know what kind of tragic person i amit always shows up within half an hour and even when the same guy brings me my food twice in the same week, he is a pro and doesn't show his pity on his face for a second
The delivery was so good, fast and fresh. I ordered the saag paneer prix-fixe with samosas and garlic naan. The saag is some of the best I have had and I like that it has a spicy kick. Samosas were standard and the naan was delicious. I like that you can upgrade from plain to garlic for $1. I am so happy I found this delicious and affordable Indian delivery near my apartment. I can't wait to order again!
This is a great little Indian restaurant.  I ordered here because it was near my niece but it was a great find for the neighborhood.  I had the samosas which was very good.  I had the crab curry.  Great flavors and sauce.  The best part was the coconut naan.  The was ordered it directly from yelp while riding the J train, and it was ready when I got there.
This is my first and hopefully only review and I'm only writing this because this was the most disgusting Indian food I've ever had. It was so spicy it was inedible (like if you have digestive issues it's dangerous) and when I called the restaurant they told me that you have to request it not be spicy. When is Sag Paneer spicy to the point of not being able to taste it?? And why would I have to request anything not be spicy when it's customary to note on the menu when items are hot?? OH he also said that no one else was complaining.... So I guess that means my complaint was invalid?? I've had tons of Indian food in my life and it's never been like this. Terrible food, terrible service. Good luck ya'll.
I've been craving Indian Food for a couple of days so I yelped the best in my area. I ordered 2 lunch specials, the chicken tikka and the lamb dish. They were delish! The delivery was in less than 30 minutes & the food was hot and yummy. I will be ordering here again.
The reviews are true.  I don't think any Indian food I've ever had in my life is better than this.  Even if you've had traditional things the way they cook makes it taste exceptional.Faves- Biryani  and Samosas.  Yum. :)
I'm a huge fan of this restaurant!!!  I've been living in Bushwick for 2 years and we don't have a wide array of restaurants to choose from. Normally my husband and I leave the area to go out to eat.  Even to order out we'd normally have pay $50 or more to make the delivery worth it for the restaurant since they're outside our neighborhood.From the outside the restaurant appears dark so I was always averse to going inside. However, being that I love Indian food, my curiosity eventually pushed me in.  I started going last month and we've ordered from there at least five times.I lovve the saag paneer, it's spicy, creamy and delicious.  The naan always tastes as if it's come fresh out of the oven. Everything I've had from here has always been well seasoned and bursting with flavor.  The delivery man is fast, which is a plus!  I haven't dined inside yet, normally we either pick up or deliver but I'm sure my husband and I will eventually dine in.I hope this review encourages more people to check it out, you won't be dissapointed.  I took way too long to give it a try but I can assure you that the food is worth it.
This place was great. The coconut rice was awesome. I highly recommend. It's a gem in Bushwick.
I don't understand all the positive reviews. This is nothing more than bland, standard Indian fare. I ordered the saag paneer "very spicy" and received it mild. It has very little flavor, bland and milky. The chaat appetizer was soggy and too saucy, barely any chickpeas in it. The naan tasted plain and a bit stale. Super disappointed, won't be ordering again. Also, tipped generously and the delivery person didn't even come to the door.
Truly excellent Indian food. The chana masala, my litmus test for an Indian restaurant, has spice and depth and is utterly delicious. Ditto for the other dishes of theirs I've tried. It's clear that the chefs here are seasoned professionals turning out top quality food.Good for both delivery and dine-in. Delivery is fast. For dine-in, the decor is crisp and clean and the service is very friendly. No liquor license yet (byob!) but that may change.
THIS IS A REAL DAMN REVIEW. I have ordered from this place at least 15 times. Always solid and great. I hadn't ordered in awhile because I was out of town. Came back and ordered today, the chicken tikka masala, navrattan korma and a fish dish, along with garlic naan. The chicken tikka masala, our regular order, tasted like it had gone bad. I ordered it spicy, it was sweet. But, it also tasted bad, almost like the chicken was sitting out and had gone bad! Tasted like sour, foul cream/butter. And the navrattan korma tasted like corn meal and barely had any vegetables in it. It was not the kind of bad based on preference. It was a factual bad, where you feel comfortable calling and politely saying, "Hey, I order from you all the time. This one time, it's kind of off and tastes like maybe the food has gone bad. Can I return it and get replacements please?" That's exactly what I said. Didn't ask for a refund or anything. I was met with an argument. The guy said, "Well, I don't know, I would need to taste it myself." "You're wanting replacements, maybe it's you." I responded, "I was not expecting an argument. We order from you guys all the time. We love your food. I think it was just off this time, but we still want to eat from you!" He lost his mind. Went actual Kanye breakdown psycho. These were his statements:"Maybe your mouth is dirty, piece of trash [sic]. Our food is good. Maybe you go [sic] wash with mouthwash. You trash. Fuck you." I asked if I could speak to the manager and that I would like a refund now please. He stated he was the manager. He kept cursing and yelling. I hung up. I was looking up the number to call Yelp. HE CALLED MY CELL. And started cursing and screaming again saying, "Never call us. Never call us again. Clean your mouth." I said, "You just called me. Please don't call me. I just would like a refund now. I will not be ordering from you again." His response: "Fuck you, trash, whore. Go call Yelp. We do not care. Fuck you."I hung up again. Yelp was fantastic. Got a person on the phone instantly and they gave me a refund and apologized a ton, which I asked them not to do because they did absolutely nothing wrong. PLEASE DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. WE CANNOT SUPPORT PLACES THAT HAVE SHOTTY FOOD, AND WORST OF ALL, ARGUE WITH YOU IF YOU HAVE A COMPLAINT AND CALL WOMEN BY HORRIFIC DEROGATORY NAMES. Still shocked... and hungry.
This place is awesome. Open until late. Nice/easy over phone to order for delivery. Not too expensive, and butter chicken is amazing!
No. I rarely write reviews but my lunch delivery today was unacceptable. the pieces of chicken were literally so small that I thought the company was joking for sending it. Do not order the lunch special. They will charge you and give you literally a chicken bone.
Welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Hop of J train at Chauncey street, grab a bottle of wine from the store on Bainbridge,  and get ready for some great food. Good portions, great atmosphere, and lip smacking naan. Try the tandoor mix grill or the butter chicken... they are spot on! I worked in a Indian restaurant for 3 years and well versed in the art of tikka magic.Sai, the floor manager is a dream and will help you through the menu if your not sure.
I lived in London and learned to love Indian food.This is by far the best I've had in Brooklyn and even beats many of the so-called upscale Manhattan joints as well as many of the wanna-bes on Curry Row.Fresh, vibrant spices. Tender lamb and chicken. Rice that's not cloying and dotted with herbs.I've only had delivery. Which has come quickly and hot.But want to go and eat in and ask the chef to "take care of me." I have a feeling that that would me a truly memorable experience.
Ordered delivery. Chicken Tika Masala As always this place delivers the goods. Delicious and not too long of a wait. I do wish they would have nan included with any entree, but alas no. The chicken is cooked perfectly the masala is not too sweet and a good balance of spices. Comes in standard delivery containers. You get jasmin rice with it as well. I have tried a couple different items on the menu and all are good. Try the samosas, definitely worth it.
no stars  but i had o pick one to post this.....this place was terrible!!!!! i will never eat here again!! first the waiter had an attitude because i wanted to sit at a table for four but there was no one in the restaurant!!!!! he complained that he has to set the table over once i leave um isnt that what you do all day everyday anyway????? how about you oblige the customer..... ok next i ordered two entrees the barhta and saag ponir nasty the only thing that was good was the naan and kind of the mango lassi what a waste of 40 bucks. take my advice go to delhi heights further up on decatur the food is way better and so is the service!
Terrible food. Service is worse. Take it from someone who knows indian food. It sits out all day and the kitchen is so filthy that its disturbing. Even the employees are rude and obnoxious. Do not eat here!
Ordered take out and ate in.  This place is my new go to. Delivery is super fast.  I usually go for the chicken or lamb saagwala.  The very spicy option is not insane and most regular spicy eaters will probably find it a bit subdued, but it's got enough kick to satisfy.  The prices are steep for the neighborhood but fair for what you get.  The prix fixe takeout option is a great value.  I'm giving five stars for the speed of delivery and sheer quality of the food.  It's so damned tasty.  Some people who know more about Indian cuisine may have a different standard but I think it's great.
Everything was great!! My sister had Indian for the first time and she enjoyed it too. I'm vegetarian and they had a great selection. The naan was fresh and delicious. We ordered take out and the wait wasn't long at all. Next time I'm ordering desert!!!!
Amazing food! My boyfriend and I have come here twice now and we would make the trip anytime to eat their food! We are going to order them for delivery some time soon, as they are on seamless!The Chana masala is amazing and so is the lamb dahi gosh! We tried the raita today for the first time and it has a great sweet and tangy flavor to it which is a great addition to the rest of the meal! We always get garlic naan because it's incredible!Highly suggest going here! We tend to go at odd hours like 3pm and there usually isn't anyone else there, so you get your food fresh and quickly!
WARNING: Do NOT eat here. I had food poisoning after ordering takeout one night; it was so bad I had to visit the ER. The cost of the food was not worth my $1000+ medical bill.
20 min delivery ! Coconut salmon was good and it came with a lot of food ! Enough for 2 servings .
Never delivered. Even after I spoke to them and they said they were in the way...shithole
No no nooooo.  2nd attempt at Indian in Bushwick. Food did not taste that great and my husband and I both got Ill from the food pretty quickly after. Nope.
I ordered a delivery from that place and I was 100% satisfied. It took barely 20 min to receive our meal. It was still hot and so delicious. We had the Samosa as an appetizer. Totally recommend it! We then had the chicken Makhani and Peas and mushrooms curry for entrees. Loved both of them.
Ordered from Seamless and they didnt include any utensils, napkins, or plates. I was not home so I had none of this available. When I called them asking why, their response was "most people live at home so we don't supply utensils unless requesting". So what? Im supposed to eat with my face? Guy on the phone didnt seem to care or offer any kind of solution. I had to walk to another competent restaurant and spend money just to ask for forks and plates, what a waste of time, my food got cold in the process! This is new level of cheap...not cool, its just plastic folks.
Just moved in to the area and this was an amazing first meal. Authentic and rich in flavor. Having enjoyed Indian food in the Middle East, this place brings me back! Garlic naan was on point and the tandoori masala and lamb were phenomenal. Definitely will be back!
Excellent food. Outstanding service. Gorgeous presentation. They take a lot of pride in the restaurant and after speaking to the (owner?), it was clear that they have even bigger plans for this place. He said it was happily BOB until they get a liquor license in a couple months. Everything we ordered was tasty (lamb stuffed chicken and a spicy shrimp dish), but the best was the naan stuffed with coconut, raisins, and other stuff. Tastes like drugs, really. It reminds us of coconut turnovers. Absolutely amazing. So happy this is in the area!!!
This is the first time I have tried Indian cuisine. I love it! the right amount of spices mixed in deliciousness!
Was there about a week ago but didn't have time to leave a review. Was in the neighborhood and found this place in Yelp reading the review, my friend and I decided this would be a now place to have lunch. This place as fantastic! Loved the food I got the curry lamb with rice and we had samosas for appetizer. Would recommend this place if you are looking to have try something new for lunch rather than the normal stuff. Would go back if I'm ever in the neighborhood again!
This really deserves no stars. We ordered the prix fixed entrees. Two words: food poisoning. The kind that sends you to the ER. Never again.
I've never been to the location but I always order from them on Grubhub. The food is always spot on and they've never been late getting to my house to deliver. I always get the Chicken Makhani, Naan, and Samosas, occasionally i'll get a mango lassi. I love this place!
My favorite Indian restaurant! I mostly order from them through Grubhub and they are always on time. They even come into the building instead of waiting outside. They have the best saag paneer I've had so far and the staff is always friendly. There's not much variety in my neighborhood as far as food goes so Tandoori Masala is my go to option. No regrets.
This was our first time here and I would def come back again. I had the chicken w/spinach it was a bit spicy but good and the coconut rice was amazing. Fast service and friendly staff.
Good indian food (the vindaloo curry is not spicy at all but tastes ok) decent aloo paratha and fast delivery.
After my first amazing experience at this delightful venue with my family, I came back to visit with friends! We even brought in our own delicate bottle of wine to go along with our delicious meal! Of course, I ordered my favorite: Chicken Saagwala - in a fresh spinach mix with Basmati Rice and the Cauliflower Manchurian! My friends all adored their meals as well! We even tried the Cheese Naan, which was amazing! No longer a fan of the plain Naan as the Cheese and Garlic are much more flavorful and go along well with our meals! I love the spacious environment this establishment offers and they also have great service!
This is like a good version of the generally awful Indian food that proliferates in Brooklyn. Basically, I might consider ordering again because all the other options are worse, but this doesn't come close to comparing to the actually good Indian food I have eaten in Manhattan, elsewhere in the country, and in India.I ordered the prix-fix. My Ragraa Chaat appetizer had a decent flavor profile. The potato component was prepared wonderfully and was cooked perfectly. The chickpeas, unfortunately, which form the bulk of the dish ranged from significantly under hydrated to barely hydrated enough. I assume they were using dry chickpeas and didn't rehydrate them adequately. The dish was edible but highly unsatisfying.My main dish was the Rogan Josh. The lamb is good quality lamb and was well-cooked. The sauce was solid but uninspiring. Overall, the main curry dish was a solid entree.The naan is excellent, especially for delivery naan, which tends to be rubbery even when done right.The rice, on the other hand, was both undercooked and tasted cheap. A good basmati has an intoxicating aroma and a rich flavor profile. The rice at Tandoori Masala has neither.Overall, this is a solid restaurant for delivery if you are really craving Indian food. However, it compares poorly to the mid-range of quality for Manhattan Indian food and can't hold a candle to the small list of places in the city that serve really great Indian food.
Excellent food and fast delivery, no problems at all, would definitely order from here again, the garlic naan was excellent and I had the chicken tikka masala, also very good.
Really great food at a reasonable price.  My husband and I only had a take out, but looking forward to dining there one day!
Best Indian food in Bushwick. Quick delivery, generous portions, and everything is perfectly spiced. Excellent recipes, not the generic taste and fluorescent green sauce many of the other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood have.
So glad this gem of an Indian restaurant is right around the corner. My vegetarian girlfriend and I checked this out the other night, and it was really nice. Tasty, rich chicken makhani (aka butter chicken), excellent crispy okra (though it could use a few less onions). My girlfriend ordered a cauliflower appetizer as one of her main entrees; she asked about it, and the server said if she didn't like he'd pay for it. She loved it so we paid (and I really don't like cauliflower, but I tried it and even I liked it a lot).I think this is a newer place and I think they may be still hitting their groove, because though the food was excellent, the service leaned heavily to the slower side (the only reason this review gives it four instead of five stars), but mostly it was toward the end when we were ready for the check. The dining room is clean, neat, but spartan, and they seem to do a pretty active take-out business.Slowish or not, we'll definitely go again. Can't wait to try one of the tandoori specialties. Totally worth a trip.UPDATE, 8/16/16They've hit their groove. Food is always excellent, delivery is sharp and pretty fast, and oh yeah, the tandoori is top-notch. This started out as a four-star review and I'm now giving it a 5.
I've had the best Indian food in NYC from here. I order from Tandoori Masala quite often because it's near my job and so delicious. I love the samosa so much it's just yummy! I've ordered the Channa Masala, Channa Saag, and Matar Mushroom on different occasions. But I keep going back to the Channa Masala. It's just so tasty with the special house spices. The delivery often comes within the estimated time but one time it came extremely late but I guess it was because the rain. They should have called though just to say they were running behind schedule. Nonetheless I will definitely order from here again because the food is great!
The food is Deelish!!! The ambiance was horrible.  I ordered the Lamb Saagwala. It had the perfect amount of spice. My mouth was happy. The rice pudding is heavenly!!!!!!  While I waited for my takeout order, several individuals came out of the kitchen . They didn't smile....they didn't say hello....they were unfriendly.  I've patronized other restaurants for take out, and they usually offer a glass of water at the bare minimum, as you wait for your order. Since no one else was in the restaurant besides myself and the staff, the atmosphere was very uninviting to say the least. I can't say that I'll EVER go back, because ambiance is VERY important in the restaurant business.
This is a very new restaurant and I hope the best for them since the food is authentic and the service is friendly.  The bhel puri is better than thelewala in city.  It is sweet, sour, a hint of spices, and deliciously garnished with cilantro.  The samosas are savory and delicious.  The crab curry is authentically south indian, meaty with crab, has mustard seeds, curry leaves, chili powder, just like a south indian crab curry should have.  The papadum in the beginning is slightly salty, but nothing else is too salty which is a big plus.  The meal concludes with a complimentary gulab jamun, which is sweet yet succulent, it literally oozes saffron, rosebud syrup.  Great novel place in bushwick, i recommend it to all.
Expensive, (having only tried the shrimp tandoori dinner) small portion size, yet a top notch high quality meal. Cuisine of this rate isn't usually found in this area; I'm grateful this restaurant is here.
Took the food 2 hours to get here when seamless said it'd be 40 mins. Called the restaurant twice, they just said the delivery guy should be there anytime. Food was stone cold. Asked the guy why he was over an hour late, he can't even give me an answer. Never again.
Really fast, friendly service. Prices aren't cheap but they are very reasonable (especially for an Indian place!). I had the chana masala, and my friend had the rogan josh. Both really, really good. Great portions, delicious naan, limitless rice! Definitely will be coming back here.
Super good food (even for delivery) super fast delivery... the Naan was rubbery but the food was DELISH! I will go in tomorrow and try the Naan fresh from the oven and rewrite my review (if needed)... I would definitely order delivery again! btw, I ordered channa saag and fish tikka off of the pre fixe menu it was absolutely delightful
Food was delicious, best Indian food in Bushwick! And... Still warm at delivery. What more could you ask for?!
Sweet and unassuming, Tandoori Masala creates a prefect atmosphere for dinner with friends. The staff was polite, friendly and quick! I have allergies to certain spices and the kitchen was accommodating and provided excellent service. The food is top notch! The naan was soft, the chicken tikka masala was tender and perfectly spiced. What really topped the experience was the humbleness of the staff. Great place to eat! Check it out!
Stopped in for lunch and was not disappointed. I was the only customer and service was a bit slow, but the bhartha (eggplant) and naan were delicious (though the frozen peas didn't improve the dish). The phone kept ringing and staff kept busy in the kitchen (with take-out orders, I assume). It feels out of place on this block, but what a great addition!
So yummy! We loved our chicken and lamb curries. The naan is amazing and the same goes for the lassi. The service was wonderful and fast.
The food here is so good. The flavors come together and hit you with a little POW!. I haven't visited this establishment as I have just had delivery. I do plan on taking a trip.
This place is AMAZING! We ordered take out because it was pouring outside. Everything was fresh and so flavorful. We ordered stuffed naan, vegetable platter, bhel puri and fish tikka. The naan!!! Omg! Stuffed with pistachio, raisins and almond. I will be craving this when I go back to Florida. I'm so full, I've yet to crack open the rice pudding we ordered. I'm sure it will be just as good as everything else. This is a must food stop if you're in Brooklyn! Eat. Here. Now!
The carry out from here is great, they have really good standard American-Indian food.  If you like your food on the hotter side and you order it hot make it clear you want it that way, dishes seem to come on the milder side.
Great GREAT Indian Food. I am not giving it 5 stars because it is a bit pricey, but admittedly the food is good. Please keep it up! I order from this place a lot so please do not disappoint like so many other places do.
This place is amazing. Please stop by and support this place. This is an Indian food treasure, and it's right on the edge of Bushwick. The tandoori grilled chicken, salmon, n lamb is delicious. The lamb Handini was awesome. The garlic naan yummy. And to top it off the service is friendly. Enjoy, it's a treat you will enjoy.
This place is awesome. They always deliver quickly, and are very friendly. The food is really good too. I've done pick up too, and was pleasantly surprised to see that this is actually a clean and beautiful restaurant as well. I plan on going back to dine in soon!
This place is reasonably new to the area and I couldn't be happier. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's well worth going inside and having a great night. The food is great and the portions are just right. I had the chicken korma which was delicious. A little spicier would have been nice, but I just generally like my food spicy. What makes this place special is the kind, attentive and overall great service. A+. I will be back for sure.
This is simply excellent Indian food...perhaps some of the best if not the best I've had in Brooklyn (I am Indian for what it's worth).  The preparation has perfect balance of masala/spicing and richness w/out being bogged down in oil.  The prix-fix is a great deal as well.  I hope the neighborhood catches on to this spot b/c it deserves to become a fixture in an area that needs quality Indian food.
Really good food, prepared super fast, and super nice staff. My only regret was that I didn't get more!
Best food in the neighborhood. You don't get 5 stars because FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PUT UP A CURTAIN.Large window with no plants or curtain in it, with bright lighting inside, leaves one feeling very very exposed. Its like eating on the corner with a spotlight on you.
Well... Simple. It is probably the best restaurant in a few block radius in this neighborhood. The food just has life to it, not something you can say about many others around and the staff is super friendly so far. Hope they keep this up.
Ordered take out chicken tikka masala which was really good! It could have used a bit more spice though. I got the prix fix which came with two samosas, also really good. The naan was good too. Will definitely be ordering again when I want quick delivery and good food!
So glad this place has come to the neighborhood! Great food and friendly staff. I came for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. Every single thing we ordered was delicious and worth every penny. I will definitely be a regular here.
Worst experience ever. I ordered food through grub hub and the order updates and everything. 30 minutes past deadline for delivery I call the store, no answer. I call grub hub and they had to refund me because the restaurant was CLOSED! Get you shit together.
They would get more stars if their delivery guy would actually buzz in the damn building. Would it kill you to get off your little scooter home slice?
Holy cow, this place is great!The saag is basically all spinach -- rather than some of the more oily saag you often find around here.  The chana masala also has the right texture.  This is legit high quality indian.
Have never eaten in the restaurant, just gotten delivery. Excellent Indian food. Nothing is bland or underspiced. Not a big tikka masala guy but the tikka is great. Menu is standard.
They sent me the wrong food when I ordered and refused to send the correct dish. The mystery meat dish was terrible. Couldn't eat it.
Went here for lunch in the middle of the week, we were the only customers so service was prompt and the server was very warm and friendly.  We ordered samosa to start, it came with two sauces and it was delicious.  Order comes with two so good for splitting.  For our main courses we got paneer tikka masala and saag paneer.  Both meals came with basmati rice and a huge basket of delicious, warm naan.  The tikka masala sauce was SO GOOD.  I order this dish in every Indian restaurant I go to (and I go to a lot of them), and this was among the top three best I've ever had.  It came with a great amount of fresh, light paneer and there was lots of extra sauce which was great for dipping all that soft buttery naan into.  Overall a great meal, quick service, food was clearly fresh and made to order, nice atmosphere, and enough to take leftovers home all for a reasonable price.  Competes with some of my favorite places in Manhattan (I only say this because I know it matters to some people, I'm not that pretentious).  I would definitely come back!
Make sure you tip with cash when you order from this place; their delivery people are spotty at best. I occasionally work from home until 9PM and usually order out on such nights. Tonight, the delivery guy gets to my building and calls me instead of buzzing. When I confirm I'm waiting for delivery and say I'll buzz him in, he starts to contend that he won't be coming in and that I need to come downstairs. To make matters worse, he doesn't understand me when I tell him I'm working and can't go to him. It's at this point (and the ensuing minutes when he realizes I'm not coming down) that I'm glad I'm tipping with cash, only to realize I don't have singles and would be tipping him far too much for this shoddy service. Thankfully, I don't live alone; I actually gave my roommate a $5 for 3 singles just so I could tip this guy less.
Ordered Seamless from here a few times.  It is some of the best Indian food I've ever had.  Tried a few dishes that I normally wouldn't order such as the chicken in a peanut sauce and it was mind blowing.
I only give a four because it was cold in the restaurant. The food was great and service was excellent. Well worth the drive from the Gateway Mall area. Everything is cooked to order. The Naan was great. Lamb saag and lamb curry - excellent, spicy but not overwhelming. The belchau shrimp was tasty (new item for me) and the chicken Tikka Masada was good as well (a lil sweet for me).  Will definitely be back. Owner should work on the heat situation for the colder months, it will prevent folks from dining in.
Just moved to the neighborhood from the village & ordered delivery last night. I tried a few different dishes, I was super impressed with all of them. My favorite was the chicken tandoori masala- but it was hard to pick a favorite.  I anticipate this will be a frequent dinner spot.
