DEEELICIOUS. I enjoyed myself so immensely that I came on two consecutive Sundays, which says a lot considering that I had to go through Times Square - something I try to avoid if at all possible. I believe that Dim Sum Palace has the best dim sum on the East Coast. Hailing from California, I have always searched for comparative delicious, bite sized dim sum of good quality and good prices. Well, who woulda thought that you could find one outside of Chinatown in NYC?I haven't had a dish that I wouldn't order again in a heartbeat, but I lovelovelove their Zhaliang, which is a tightly wrapped rice noodle roll around fried dough and pork. I love the delicate rice noodle against that crunchy fried dough and the salty pork. I could eat just 2 orders of this and be completely happy. Make sure to try it with their hot peppers! The other favorites are the pork buns - so pillowy soft, but with a firm chew to it and good BBQ on that tender pork - and the shrimp and chive dumplings - packed with chives, golden brown on one side and soft on the other. YUMS.I can't wait to go back!
Incredible experience and great options to suit any dietary restrictions on the Dim Sum menu!I personally don't eat any pork, and I found so many chicken, seafood, and vegetarian options.My cocktail was unexpectedly great too. My husband and I ate like kings and got a few drinks, and the bill came up to $38. Here here to their happy hour special!We didn't even realize we were in the happy hour time frame, when we had arrived around 3pm on Saturday.Looking forward to coming back in a larger group to really conquer the menu.
The BBQ pork bun, mixed mushrooms dumplings, crispy garlic spare rids, and the shredded duck dumplings are so good. The best dim sum in New York City! And I love to eat lobsters  especially the lobster with ginger and scallions. Love this place! Definitely will come back.
Not the best dim sum place but it is Hell's kitchen after alll. The dumplings themselves were mediocre but passable. Stay away from the soup dumplings. After a while the wrappers become hardened. The pan fried mini buns were good. The ha Gao, which is the dish I use to judge a place, didn't taste that fresh. Despite all of this, there was still a good number of Asian customers so I guess that's a good sign.
Omg omg! This place was well worth the wait!  There's is nothing better than hot Dim Sum! Dishes were not forced upon us and what we ordered was freshly prepared. I had never had walnut shrimp before and was reluctant to try but it was great. The battered shrimp carried and slightly sweet sauce and broccoli just always seems to pair well for the contrast. The juicy buns were filled with such a savory broth I wanted to eat it in one bite. My fear of having all that tasty broth drip down my chin in embarrassment was enough to have me taking small bites and just sipping from the spoon they were served on. Although we have to ask for the spoons. If you order the juicy buns do not forget to ask for spoons to eat them off of. The broth inside is so hot and yummy! We tried quite a few dishes from this restaurant and I can't remember any of that I didn't like. I I did try their spare rib but spoon realized it was just the bone from a pork chop lol. (not too thrilled about that)Over all a good experience in a small place.
My friend was looking for a dim sum place for lunch  before he hopped on the E subway to JFK, so a quick Yelp search turned up this place. It was walking distance from my school, so super convenient to get to. I was kind of hesitant to try any sort of Chinese restaurant in Midtown, since it probably wouldn't be authentic but it actually surpassed my expectations! I think the food authenticity matches anything you could find in Chinatown or Flushing, but a little more expensive and nicely plated. We got har gow (shrimp dumplings), shu mai (pork meatballs wrapped in wonton shell), soup dumplings, chicken feet, spinach and egg steamed dumplings, pan fried buns, and lotus leaf wrapped steamed rice and meat. Overall a good meal, came out to ~$60 for the 3 of us. Would come again if I wanted to eat at a Chinese place in midtown!
Came here last night for an impromptu Sunday dinner with the hubs - I was really feeling like some dumplings and noods! It's a pretty huge place and we were able to sit down immediately. The inside is very casual, low key, traditional Chinese restaurant - nothing fancy, you're here for the food.We ordered off the dim sum menu as well as the regular and everything came out as it was made - it's not the traditional dim sum experience with the carts but still delish!We got the pork and chive dumplings, duck spring rolls, and pork buns off the dim sum menu and then shared chicken chow fun and fried wontons off the regular menu. I have to say the duck spring rolls and steamed pork buns were the stars of the show, the flavor was amazing and we wished we had ordered more! I do wish there was some kind of sweet and sour dipping sauce for the spring rolls, but they do give you a tray with soy, chile paste, ginger, and vinegar sauces. Service was SO fast and we were in and out in ~30mins?!? Which was totally perfect for us on a Sunday! We would definitely come back and it appeared that they do a LOT of take-out orders, so I'd definitely be interested in delivery as well.
Amazing delicious dim sum that's open until 1:30 AM! Half off dim sum from 3-6 for happy hour! The pork spareribs in olive oil and salt and pepper were both amazing. Congee with century egg, chicken feet, and duck rounded out the dishes. Reasonably priced, delicious, and authentic. What more do you need? Best dim sum outside of Chinatown in Midtown.
Yums!!! Delicious dim sum place with no cart rolling around. you order off a menu. A little pricier than most dim sum places but the food was tasty!Note: if you are gluten free, this is not a place for you to go to.
The dim sum here was okay.  It was tasty but kind of mediocre compared to the dim sum you can get in LA or in Seattle.  The portion size was decent.  During happy hour, their dim sum is half off.  That was a nice bonus.  I think the best thing here was their fried taro.  I thought that was a pretty unique item that I've never had at dim sum before.  The waiters/waitresses were nice and attentive.  Their facilities were also pretty clean.  It is located near hell's kitchen so it is a pretty easy walk from Time's Square.
If you're looking for dim sum past 3PM and don't feel like venturing to Chinatown, this is the place to go!!!!! Everything here is flavorful and delicious and will definitely satisfy your dim sum craving. They have pi dan pork congee ( you can also get fish, beef, etc. instead). I had a stomach problem so I was desperately looking for congee near Times Square and this place did not fail! They also have a special duck congee if you order the Peking duck. I tried that the last time I came and it is also AMAZING!!! The sautéed string beans are a MUST and while not spicy, is still delicious. I wouldn't recommend the turnip cakes though, but the fried rice is pretty good if you have that fried rice craving. The service is very fast and the people are very nice and accommodating. Also highly recommend the chrysanthemum tea!!!!!!
Great place to grab a quick lunch before a matinee. If you love dim sum try this place. I am not the biggest fan of the restaurants with the dim sum carts because the food is not piping hot. This place allows you to order what you want when you want it and it is brought straight from the kitchen to your table. This would rank 4.5 stars if the service was better.
This review is for dim sum happy hour only (did have not been to the regular service and did not order off-menu). While not the best dim sum I've ever had, the food was still quality and you 100% cannot beat 1/2 price. The grand total of 7 dishes and two sodas pre-tip was $27.73!! If we lived in the area, I would have over-ordered and taken some home!Although it's a bit easier to check your wants off a list - I miss the carts coming around. I'm sure the former is probably a better way to make food (ingredients stay hot, can make to order if needed, ect), but nothing really beats nostalgia. That being said, they had a good variety of choices. The food was hot and came out of the kitchen relatively quickly. All in all, what a fantastic concept that makes stuffing yourself affordable!
First day in NYC and my daughter had to have Chinese food. She said that this place is "AMAZING" and I agree. The sesame chicken is delectable. The pork fried rice was by far the best I've ever had. The egg and vegetable soup wasn't particularly my favorite, but that was probably my personal tastes as it seemed very well put together. This place is definitely worth a try.
Been here a couple times now for late night eats from a large enticing menu. Never seem to have trouble finding a table here despite the location.Again, a fairly daunting menu, though everything looks pretty good. In my most recent trip, ordered the Roast Duck Wonton Soup ($7) and shared the Vegetable Dumplings ($5ish). Wonton soup is served piping hot with three large wonton inside. Meat inside and the broth itself could use more flavor, but on a cold day it's fairly satisfying (better with hot sauce). Dumplings are sticky; filled with veggies and best eaten with some peanut sauce. Also ordered a hot sake ($10) - which fills about 2 cups worth.I consider this spot a slightly more upscale version of your regular Chinatown restaurants. Good for a guaranteed spot and filling meal.
Stopped into Dim sum palace.  I was say right away.  I ordered the seafood shu Mai and Shanghai soup dumplings.  The food came out quick. The Shanghai dumplings tasted good and so did the seafood shu mai. The pork buns were over priced but tasted good.
3.5/5 StarsOpen late earns it the half a star. Came here around 12:40. Was seated quickly. Relatively fast service.Dont order the soup dumpling! The dough is too thick, and there's hardly any soup in it. The congee is great however. If you're craving a quick bite after a some drinking, not a bad place to check out.
Dim Sum as I like to describe is Asian Tapas for brunch. However, I just got out of the Lion King and wanted a quick bite without splurging on a full meal. A friend who went to Fordham and currently lives in NYC recommended Dim Sum Palace as a good place near by. I was going to order take out originally, but decided that the quality of the food might be suspect at 10pm so instead I walked over to the restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised. There are a number of options to choose from, although they were missing my favorite, ha choung (long rice noodles with shrimp served with a coating of soy sauce). I choose the two staples of Dim Sum; ha gao (shrimp dumplings encased in rice noodle) and siu mai (pork and shrimp dumpling). In addition, I ordered xiao long bao (juicy soup dumplings) and black bean spare ribs. Everything came out quickly and was incredibly delicious. The only down side was the cost, its no where near Chinatown and that comes at a price. NYC has some of the most affordable Dim Sum around and if I were to guess this place is about 2 to 3 times the cost. Even still, I would do it all over again and I'd recommend it to a friend with the disclaimer that its a little bit pricy, but worth it.
We went for happy hour from 3 to 6 then we came back later on that night around 11:30. This place opens late. That's almost unheard of in Cali. We got the Xiu Mai, tofu with shrimp, vegetables, taro cake, shrimp cake, and chives dumplings. This is one of my favorite dim sum places.
I thought this place was ok. It's not your typically dim sum place where there are carts being wheeled around by Chinese women. Instead, you are given a menu with pictures, and you checkmark the items you want. It also gives you the pricing for each item. I think this is probably the best organized dim sum place. No need in trying to get the specific cart that has the egg buns you desperately want. My favorite dishes would be the soup dumplings and fried ribs. The rest of the items were just ok. I think mainly b/c we didn't stick to the traditional shrimp dumplings and instead went for nontraditional dumplings and dishes. Would I come back? probably not. Service was top-notch, and all the waiters and bartenders were attentive. Most tables are meant to seat 2-4 people and there are also some seats at the bar as well.
We ordered dinner from them on Delivery.Com at 7:15. Got a text saying it would be 45-60 minutes. At 8:25 we called and were told it was out and would be there in 10 minutes. At 8:45 we called Delivery and cancelled. The delivery guy showed up and said they were busy. Why didn't they notify us?They won't get a second chance.
Came here one late night and was surprise that they had dim sum. I couldn't believe how good it was, then I start coming back almost once to twice a week. Living in midtown is hard to find a good dim sum place had to travel to Chinatown or flushing just to enjoy good dim sum now that I found this place, this is my go to spot. They also deliver which is great! Services is amazing and they are so friendly. If you live near here you must give this place a try. Trust me, I'm a very picky person!
Wonderful experience.Dim sum was delicious. My favorite I the rice/shrimp roll thing. Not sure what it's called, but is the shrimp rolled in thick rice paper with soy sauce. Obviously, I am no dim sum expert, but it tasted great.They forgot a dish or two, but with the speed of their service, a hiccup here or there is totally acceptable.
Incredible dim sum! They have a fairly large selection, each item made to order. The food arrives pretty fast, and it's usually staggered, so if you order quite a few things like my sister and I do, then you don't need to worry about it all arriving at the same time. I will definitely come back.
I had my doubts. How could there be a good dim sum place, outside of Chinatown in Manhattan and Flushing in Queens? Dim Sum Palace is also pretty close to Times Square, where it's flooded with tourists. But we gave it a shot, and it was a pleasant surprise. The dim sum here was more hits than misses. I appreciated that most dishes tasted pretty clean, cutting out excessive oiliness. While the menu was relatively small for dim sum, it was still a positive experience. I'm also a fan of Dim Sum Palace not pushing around carts. At least the dim sum is steamed/made fresh.
Probably my favorite dim sum place on the East Coast! Service was nice, the place was clean, and the food surpassed my expectations. The restaurant itself is small, but we did not have to wait at all for a table. The tea set is adorable and and my favorite dish was the pork buns! Definitely will come here again :)
This might be the best Hongkong dim sum I had in the States. Worth a visit and revisit!! Love the dumplings!!! Shrimp dumplings and coconut cakes are my favorite!!!
Came here craving dim sum. Like another dim sum place I checked out in Chinatown (check out my review for Shanghai Asian manor) this place also is made to order. There are no folks walking around with their dim sum carts. Which is actually a good thing here since that means you won't be served anything that's been out for too long. Ended up sitting at the bar and chatting with the manager/owner who was super friendly and helpful. Sounds like this place is still fairly new and on the rise. If you're new to dim sum start with the soup dumplings, Shu Mai, and shrimp noodles. The BBQ pork buns are great if you're not into seafood. The pork ribs remind me of popcorn chicken with its flavoring. Just be cautious when biting down as they still include the bone! Also be sure to ask for the black vinegar. It comes out with thin slivers of ginger and is a great flavor to add to the dim sum. This beats soy sauce which just masks the dim sum flavors.
We took our daughter on a day trip to New York for her birthday and found this place on Yelp. We're always unsure of where to eat in NYC since there are so many choices and it seems that most restaurants are very crowded. We walked in and no line but we had to wait for a few minutes for a table. No waiting area, really. But we were seated pretty quickly. The dim sum we ordered was brought out as soon as it was cooked. Everything we ordered was hot and delicious.  The green balls (can't remember the name) were beyond delicious!  Try them!  The prices were very reasonable and we all left full after a very tasty lunch. Would definitely go back!
Great place to grab dumplings when in NYC! Not too expensive and extremely fresh as the food is prepared from scratch. The menu can be a bit daunting at first glance so take your time when selecting what you want. My suggestion would be to go with the sampler so that you can try a little bit of everything (I.e. Chicken dumplings, shrimp dumplings etc) as all are very tasty!
This place is a real gem and should not be missed! It's location (just off Times Square and the Theater District) initially caused us to worry that it might be a tourist trap, but it is not. It's a bustling little place that is jam packed full of delicious smells and happy people eating really tasty food. While the dim sum is the star, and it is excellent, the entrees are also not to be missed. The crispy spicy shredded beef made me want to lick the platter, and the pork chow fun was savory and satisfying. The service was friendly, prompt, and efficient, and the prices were fair ($90 for four to leave quite full). We only wish we'd found this place sooner on our trip, as it was preceded by multiple disappointing meals at subpar restaurants at other Chinese restaurants.
Dim Sum Palace is a good place to get your Dim Sum fix in the Theater District.  And, they serve late, which is a plus. As one might imagine in this part of town, prices are high, portions are small. Food is entirely acceptable. They have a full bar, and serve some decent wines.
Mediocre at best. Vegetable from can. Chicken  feet is not edible. Sorry for New Yorker
Great service and delicious food. I ordered the BBQ steamed buns and Hing King fried noodles. Everything was delicious. Would come back.
5 stars because they had a legit vegetarian dim sum. It was amazing. Service was really good as well. We went after seeing a show on broadway. Loved the environment inside and that it's open late. Now going to search my neighborhood for something similar.
My first time in New York City for work. I ordered online have it delivered to my hotel. Delivery was fast, food was good. Dim sum highly recommended.
Amazing place for dim sum! Great, quaint atmosphere, very friendly and everything tasted amazing. Don't miss this treasure!
Again, trying to grab something to eat before today's trip. Had brekkie at rustic table and it was great yesterday, so we wanted some Dim Sum.So we looked up on yelp and found Dim Sum Palace as one of closest and have high mark. Need to note that some previous reviewers complained how waiters were rude for plates, which we found completely opposite! The table for each guest in this cozy restaurant is quite small. All the waiters and waitress not only take the time to place your dishes carefully, they are also constantly solving geometry problems due to the table size.We found the food were delicious and the service was superb. Again, if you are in this area, and wanting Dim Sum, no need to go to Chinatown
Prices are higher than I'm used to.... but so worth it if you want to treat yourself to a delicious snack/meal. I have eaten at a lot of dim sum places, but it terms of taste and quality, this place stands out above the others. I highly recommend this place if the higher prices isn't a problem. I usually associate dim sum as a kind of Asian brunch. But this transcends brunch. This is worthy of evening dining and savoring with a nice wine.
Total Gem--who knew you could get great DimSum without going to Chinatown.   Highly recommended and a bargain to boot.
Mediocre at best. Dim sum was bland and rubbery. Made edible only by adding soy and hot sauces. As others have said, dishes were on the bill that we did not have. Save yourself and don't waste your money here.
Wow what a great meal I just had! Surprising cause I just randomly walked in off the street. Best shu mai I ever had! Best steamed buns I ever had. Those buns!!! So fresh and sweet and fragrant and soft! This place knocked my socks off. YUM. Also we had a large party 11 people and we were seated pretty fast. Only caveat is that it gets loud in there in the back with everyone talking and I hate noise! It was Saturday night though so maybe I'll go back on a quiet weekday afternoon.
The best dim sum I have ever had. For sure.Every dim sum that we tried was better than the other. I can't recommend on one dish, everything was delicious!! The staff is very friendly and nice. It was extremely busy when we went there on Saturday, I believe it's better to reserve a table on the weekend, although we only waited a couple of minutes.We will come back soon! Can't wait!
Great food! Came here for brunch with a friend ordered a few dim sum as well as hot entrees from the lunch menu. Let me start off by saying that the place is seemingly clean, has good service, enjoys an average volume (no one is screaming), and prices are great! I highly recommend the shrimp rice wrap and steamed chicken feet. Perhaps slightly more expensive than Chinatown but certainly better quality. Duck egg congee couldve been more generous on the egg and meat but huge plate of singaporean noodles was $9.95! It was really flavorful without being too oily. We also ordered a Cantonese eggplant dish that was totally forgotten but they gladly took it off the menu when we complained about it (most other Chinese restaurants would've made a fuss). Walked away very satisfied and will definitely be back!
The first time I went to Dim Sum Palace was on a Friday afternoon with a coworker.  After learning of the happy hour special, I tapped into my inner college kid (still alive somehow after all these years in spite of all of the alcohol), had a small lunch and readied myself to gorge on half priced dim sum.That experience, in addition to reaffirming that gluttony is indeed my favorite of all the deadly sins, convinced me that even near the touristy danger zone, there is great food to be found at an amazing price.  But seriously, I may have eaten dim sum non-stop for approximately 2 hours.Happy hour is from 4:00 to 7:00 (16:00 to 19:00 for you military types) with half-priced dim sum.  No carts (food is made to order), so you may have to wait just a bit if it's pretty busy.  Long story short, great selection of food ranging from the solid staples (dumplings, shumai and such...yes, those totally qualify as staples for me) to the slightly more adventurous items in an easy to get to location at a reasonable price (even when it's not happy hour).  You'll probably figure all of that out when you sit down at the restaurant and notice that most of the folks dining look like me, which is, of course, the true test for Chinese restaurants.
The food was ok but not the best I've tasted. The vegetables were sour but the service was somewhat good. The chicken feet was not cooked properly. Nonetheless, the food is mediocre.
Very average dim sum. Great location if you're visiting from out of town, but far better quality dim sum in lower Manhattan. Service is great though!
Excellent dim sum and open till 1:30 a.m., right by Times Square where there is not always the best selection of food available. This place is totally clutch.
Go during the happy hour - their dimsum is half off! I was a little bit disappointed on their honey walnut shrimp dish since the mayo was a little too heavy but nonetheless dimsum was great!! Service is nice as well.
One of the few places with more than one vegetarian dim sum options.  Go here if you want to satisfy a craving.  Great service and with a huge smile!
This place is FANTASTIC!!!!Food is amazing and staff extremely helpful. The dumpling selection is just perfect. Cheap and delish cant go wrong!!!
The food was good. The menu could use more detail of what is in the dish. The sweet and sour chicken already had the sauce on it. My 10 year old was not happy. My wife got the veg/seafood pan fried noodles they were good but she was a bit thrown off with the squid on them (not a fan) but no description on menu. I got some pork and shrimp offerings from their dim sum menu and they were delicious.
Great place to enjoy authentic dim sum! Especially come before 6 to get half price .
Food is good. But Horribly Rude Delivery People With Bad Attitude!
Very good and extremely tasty! Well worth the price! The atmosphere is very nice, clean, and authentic (except for the Taylor Swift music playing of course). Very much enjoyed it and will definitely make it a stop on our next trip to NYC.
Very good food as well as the service. We were a party of 8 on a Friday night. Wait was short. Food was good. If we're nearby again we will be visiting again.
Went here for the first time last night. Dim Sum was delicious,satisfying and plentiful.  Staff was helpful in selecting their recommendations from food to drink.  They were also helpful in making sure our table was appropriate and orderly.  My favorite thing was 1/2 off HAPPY HOUR on food and drink.  I had the BEJING MULE and it was citrus heaven on the tongue.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the pork buns. I will definitely be back.
Horrible & Overpriced - Cheapest ingredients, canned meat or Old meat, stunk so much I could not eat  most of their stuffs, heavy chemical taste in food.  - had to throw away most of food, - didn't look clean, unpleasant smell, etc...Will not go even if free, NO way food should taste like that, totally feel sick after eating their fake ingredients stuffs
As a Chinese American, I am definitely picky with my dim sum. The food here in general was pretty decent. There was nothing we ate that made us not finish the dish. The service was decent, could've been better. It took us a while before a waiter could come to us but we were also sitting on the corner. I think the dishes were overpriced for the amount and volume though. But it's NYC so I feel like that alone explains the high price range. My family left feeling decently full, but not stuffed which is good and bad. Good in that the food was delicious. Bad in that we didn't want to spend any more money. I recommend the place for some quick dim sum for sure. There is also a good amount of seats but it is also a hidden gem in my opinion. It does take some looking.
Food is pretty good. I recommend going during their happy hour since dim sum is 50% off. I would say it's still over priced compared to places in chinatown but locals, consider you saved the $5.50 metro fee.
This is not authentic dim sum at all. Food tastes like soy sauce and not much else. As a Chinese who love dim sum, I would not come back.
We came here for an early dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had about 4 different dim sums for the two of us and they were all good. Many Chinese folks were also dining there so we felt it was pretty authentic and good if they chose it as well. The service was fine and restroom was clean. We would return.
I am so angry! This is not Peking duck! Too thick! Learn how to F* cook! complete waste of money!
OMG! All the food here is great. I order shew mai , ha kao, chicken feet, egg york buns and roasted duck. I would says that it is worth coming here rather that go to china town which is far from Times Square.
Food is a 5 stars!!!! We had several different plates of Dim Sum. Favorite was the pork dumplings. All were out of this world.  Location was great for us because we were staying up by the park.  There were 4 of us. Delicious hot & sour soup. Kung Pao Chicken was out of this world but I prefer it spicier.  I took one star away because we ordered fried rice that came out after we were finished eating all our food.  Yum Yum Dim Sum!!  Price was right too$$
This 4 month old restaurant is terrific.  They have a large menu of asian fusion foods, bit we followed the other Yelpers advice and went straight to the dim sum.  When ordering Dim Sum, you have a paper menu and a pencil.  Just check off yoir selection. Each order consists of 3 pieces.  We wanted a light snack post theater, so we ordered one order of mushroom, one shredded duck, one sesame ball with sweet bean paste.  The very hot freshly prepared mushroom and the duck ones were quite favorable,  though when hot the soft dough was sticky.  As they cooled they were less sticky. The fried sesame balls were crisp and not a bit greasy.  We'll go back when hungrier and try a larger variety
Excellent food. Service is quick and professional.  Nice atmosphere. Best dimsum is the barbecue pork. Eat it whole,  its a mouthful but it explodes with flavor.  The soft sell crab is crispy and delicious!
Convenient location to grab a quick bite prior to a broadway show. Service was very fast and courteous, and food was above average. The wonton soup, pan fried baos, shrimp stuffed tofu, and Shu Mai are delicious. The one let down was the Xiao Long Baos, where the dumpling skin was too thick. Not much of an ambience, but it's all about the food.
I was expecting Chinatown-level quality because of all these great reviews BUT this place did not live up. I was disappointed. An overall issue was that the dough of the dim sum was just too sticky, like we couldn't get it off our chop sticks.. and I must say that I wasn't really enthused about any of the fillings either. The fried things we ordered were good like veg spring rolls and scallion pancakes- but who can't make fried things? I really came for the dim sum and was not happy with it. Probably won't come back. And luckily we happened to stumble in at around 3:30 so it was 50% off (from 3-5 I think). Otherwise it would've been grossly overpriced for what it was.
I came here for dinner on a very busy Saturday night, didn't have a reservation, but the hostess was on the ball and we were seated after 20 mins. I liked the service, which was friendly and efficient.We had the soup dumplins, sichuan wontons, garlic chicken and crispy pork chops.The soup dumpings: ok, tasty, but the dough was slightly under cooked in the knot on top.Sichuan wontons: good, but not amazing.Garlic chicken with honey ginger sauce: the chicken itself was very good, tender and juicy. However, the accompanying sauce reminded me of something straight out of a jar - sweet, cloying, artificial taste. It didn't look great either. Very westernised.Crispy pork chops: they were ok, but did not taste Chinese whatsoever. Basically just deep fried chops. Meh.Overall underwhelming. In hindsight it probably would've been better to stick with the dim sum menu, but my co-diners don't really like that kind of food.
Loved the food! It's good to know a nice dim sum spot around Hell's Kitchen. Service was good too. Went in the late afternoon. A family table ordered a duck off the main menu--something I would order next time.
Very friendly staff and the food was amazing. Hard to find good dimsum in the neighborhood and this place defintely deserves all of the praises it's getting.
They have an awesome happy hour. 3-5pm 50% off the dim sum menu. Their shu mai & har gow were some of the best I've had.
I'd love this restaurant the service is amazing they treat you like a superstar and the food is so delicious dim sum You must try the jumbo shrimp with honey walnuts Delicious and the Peking Duck  u going to go Wow wend u try this dish .I want to specially thank the owner and manager Kevin for great service thank you .
Great food and very affordable. Had 4 dim sum dishes and 2 beers for $20... you can't beat that in NYC. Removed one star because the dim sum servings were a little smaller than what I've come to expect from other places. Still a definite recommendation though, would come back again!
Wow. I'm not that positive about Chinese restaurants in NYC but this was a pleasant surprise! Dim sum was good and the crispy chicken was amazing. Great choice for a casual drop in.
Excellence dim sum! All fresh and very tasty. Also tried some regular Chinese food, again very good quality. Nice place, not too big. Clean and really good food.
Unbelievably excellent. Shocked to see it was not a touristy place. Amazing food, expertly prepared in house. Hands down, best dim sum ever.  The manager is a sweet lady whose son is owner, and her.pride understandably shines through. I'd come every day if I could....
I couldn't believe how great dim sum was outside of Chinatown. I was skeptical but it didn't disappoint. Service was great. Food exceeded expectations and the prices were appropriate. We'd definitely go back! Legit dim sum in Midtown. Who knew!
This place was a perfect place for our first meal in NYC.   We ordered some congee, dim sum and dumplings which were all delicious.  The atmosphere was fun and lively, my daughter made the comment that she felt like we were in someone's kitchen with all the conversations that were going on. We would definitely visit again.
Food was really delicious service was good and they have an extensive bar. I'd definitely go back.
the food was wonderful and the place was clean. prices were decent for nyc, but if you're a tourist like myself just be prepared for a bit of a higher price than you may see at home.
Cooked-to-order dim sum served all day in Manhattan's theater district that rivals the best dim sum houses in Chinatown.  Three of us ordered ten dim sum dishes and one dessert to share at happy hour and we were very full at the end of the meal.  Everything we tried was very good except the Whole Young Coconut Pudding which was not served in a coconut as advertised but in a very small round plastic container.  It tasted good but not having the coconut (I eat the coconut meat) the presentation was a big disappointment.  The meal was a great bargain at 50 percent off during happy hours.  Service was friendly and attentive.  We'll go back for dim sum again or try their dinner entrees.
We liked this place! We tried the palace dim sum platter as well as various different dim sum choices. We like most the pan fried shrimp & chives dumplings, shu mai (shrimp & pork), and a few others on the platter that we were unsure of which they were. They have discounted lunch pricing 11-4pm.
Best.Dim.Sum.EVER. I moved here from So Cal where there's a dim sum in every corner in Westminster. Nothing compares to this place. Quality matches the price tag. There are definitely cheaper options in the area but you get what you pay for. Give this place a shot during their happy hour if you're concerned about the price. No regrets.
I'm a dim sum fanatic. I've gone by myself at times ignoring the social stigma of dining alone.  This place was good but a little pricey for dim sum. chalk it up to real estate prices maybe? a little stingy with portions as well but overall an acceptable place to get your dim sum fix
This place was amazingly delicious. I wish I was staying longer so I could go back again. Loved their pork pan fried noodles and shrimp dim sum. Definitely try this place of your looking for great Chinese food!
Got food poisoning here and was pretty sick for my entire trip in New York. Really a bummer wish we had a better experience. Came here based on reviews. Spent 5 days throwing up and in bed.
When the staff is nice but terribly disorganized, and the food has decent flavor but there is limited selection and issues with several of the types of dumplings skins, I'd normally be torn between 2 stars "meh I've experienced better" and 3 stars "A-OK." BUT this is midtown and for those of us who made poor decisions not to live in lower manhattan, this place gets an extra bump for being able to fulfill cravings without making me schlep all the way to chinatown or flushing. Warning, they charge extra for tea, which is bs at a dim sum restaurant, but again - midtown.
This restaurant is one of the reasons why Yelp is so unreliable. The food was average... not authentic Chinese food ...covered in grease... made with cheap ingredients. Chicken doesn't taste like chicken beef doesn't taste like beef. The service is horrible. We didn't order dim sum but if you are a true foodie and have been to flushing or Chinatown you know the price is ridiculous. You better be coming from a different continent to be paying 6 dollars for 3 pieces of dumpling. Enough wasting my time with this place. Like I told to people outside ....don't come here
Delivered in 30 minutes piping hot. Shredded duck wonton soup amazing! Not some thin corn starch broth this was stout flavor! Fried rice and chicken curry were awesome too. Ordered through Yelp delivery to hotel. Would do it again.
Wow this place meet all expectations.  The food was amazing and was well worth the little money spent. This place must be the friendliest place in manhattan because everyone had a smile on their face!  Great service and dim sum. Go check them out!
Great dimsum! Very fine taste.  Try the pan fried tiny buns.  We ordered extra to take home.
We can here after a broadway show because we were in the mood for Chinese food. We ordered beef chow fun, Cantonese fried lobster, home style fried rice and four dishes of dim sum. All of the food came out sooooo yummy :-) The restaurant staff was friendly and treated us politely. I'd definitely be coming back. It was pretty crowded during prime dinner hour but that's okay. I had a great day. Show and a good dinner , makes this girl really happy :-) . I'm easy to please
Came here with a friend who was visiting NYC. Quick service and the food was great. Can't beat a hot and traditional dim sum with a pretty good selection. Pretty close to Times Square and apparently they deliver. Also the hot and sour soup was amazing!
Terrible service. NASTY food. Do not go here! Dirty dining room and rude staff. When you send something back they still try to charge you and tell you everyone else likes it. They lie about taking things off your check and try to be sly about it.I asked for a manager and one wasn't available. I wanted the items removed from my check.
My wife and I just had dinner here, actually only I had dinner.  When my dish came we thought her bowl of congee would come pretty quick. We waited and waited  and one of the waiters even asked her if she ordered the congee. We answered "yes" and assumed it would come soon.  I finished my dinner and her congee never came. We asked the waiter about her food, and all we got for an answer was "oh" and a half-assed "sorry."  Food was good, service and hospitality was nil.
Never order Dim Sum Platter Combo Sample if you are not a big fan of vegetarian dumpling. I ordered a regular Dim Sum Platter Combo Sample (Chef's choice). I expected their best selection of Dim Sum. However, what I got was really disappointing. 3 out of 8 dumplings in my platter were vegetarian dumplings that were horrible and tasted weird. There was separate vegetarian Dim Sum Platter menu and I thought I would get "regular" dumplings. What was even worse was that 2 out of the 8 dumplings were shrimp dumplings (har gau) we already had 4 more in the same order along with the Platter. It seems that they are giving what is left or what they already have. It is also well overpriced for the value.
Best dim sum ever had. Comparable to yak sing in san fran. Very reasonable and would definitely return.
Ordered some Chinese from this place for my niece and her friends, Whom where staying at the New Yorker hotel. For an order of five fried rice is we paid about $73. When the delivery guy showed up he was trying to hustle my husband for a tip, he refused to take the $75 we were given him unless we had a tip with it. He even asked for a tip. He was very unprofessional and rude. And the food was tasteless.
Some of the best Dim Sum I have ever had! I love sesame balls and often find them greasy. These were perfect! Wish I would have ordered more!I ordered online and asked for delivery to my hotel. They were on time, efficient and friendly and fair priced. I highly recommend Dim Sum Palace. Next time I am in NYC I will make a special point to have dinner at this restaurant. Authentic Chinese food, well prepared, well presented and DELICIOUS!!!
We stopped in after a long day of walking around the city. The atmosphere was clean, professional, and accommodating. We ordered 6 items and the three of us were stuffed. Our favorites were the vegetable spring rolls, pork buns, and General Tso's sesame chicken. The food was steaming hot and very fresh. The service was incredible.  This place is def on the list of places to visit every time I visit the kids in NY.
We went to this place on a whim.  We were planning a more formal dinner and just changed our minds when we walked by!  What a find!  The food was excellent, and convenient to the theater district.  We tried seven dishes and they were all very good.  The salt and pepper shrimp were noteworthy in that they were big, cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  The pricepoint was also great to a NYC restaurant.  The atmosphere is nothing special but the staff are very friendly and provided great service.  We will definitely return again to Dim Sum Palace.  B
This place was amazing.  There is a somewhat large variety of dim sum..etc.  every dumpling we ordered was great.  Plus the dim sum order always comes with special sauces which are great.  And best of all it was super cheap.  Totally recommend
Great dim sum :) we had look fun, chou Zhou dumplings whither peanuts, sticky rice w/ pork wrapped in lotus leaf, shrimp roll , sweet sesame ball and bamboo shoot dumplings ( not to much flavor) over all, great service, quick, and yummy! You must get their pork look fun!
Unbelievably good!!! Fresh, tasty and just amazing!!! Don't order take-out. Dine in!We tried a bunch of items from the dim sum menu including the green tea balls, the salt & pepper shrimp, the tofu stuffed with shrimp and the seafood shumai. All were excellent! My ultimate fave was the fried fillet fish entree with black bean and garlic. OMG!!!! Best dish ever!!!  Finally a good Chinese restaurant in Hell's Kitchen! Highly highly recommend it!
Solid, authentic, non-nonsense dim sum and affordable Chinese close to the action in HK. Delicious legitimate grub when your need Chinese and in you're in the hood.
Conveniently located to the theater district - perfect light meal after the show. Small bar with some premium brands for cocktails. Dim Sum only after 11pm. We had Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, fresh Snow Pea Leaves and Shrimp & Pork Shumai - so yummy! Don't forget the Sesame Balls for dessert: not too sweet, but satisfying after a meal. Great service, too. Definitely returning on my next visit to the Big Apple!
I would give ZERO stars if I could. Ordered "Kung Po Chicken" and shrimp dumplings at 7:15pm. Food finally arrived at 8:45pm (mind you I'm starving at this point)..everything is room temp. Kung Po chicken reminded me of dog food..small diced peppers and tiny diced chicken with ZERO flavor. And I requested Spicy!! Could feed this crap to a baby - no spice.
This place is my go to pre Broadway stop! They are the greatest dim sum I've ever had.
Great dumplings, wonderful service and great price during happy hour (50% off dim sum and drinks) from 3-6 every day! Definitely will be back.
Authentic, best I ever had, a hole in the wall. Tea best also I would come back. Their dim sum is a cut above. Place is so so , great service and friendly staff.
The food is ok not that exciting. The service is pretty slow, it took awhile for me to get the food I order. The price was higher than I thought.
I had a group of friends in from our of town who were staying in midtown on business and wanted Chinese food.  I was very encouraged by the reviews I read here on Yelp and I was not disappointed!  We sat at a table with a big lazy susan and ate LOTS of dim sum - which everyone enjoyed.  The place is a bit crowded & bustling but they keep the food moving and the tables turning!
My husband and I visited Dim Sum Palace while in NY. We wanted dim sum so badly and this was the closest to our hotel with the best reviews. And we were glad we came here because it was delicious!We noticed they have Happy Hour which is half off their drinks and all dim sum and I believe it's from 3pm - 6pm. We had several different dim sum, and we also had the sesame chicken which was very good - but probably just a little too much breading. They bring out 3 different sauces for your food. They were a little on the skippy side with their sauces, too. Smallest little bowls, maybe held 2 ounces? My husband and I had about 5+ different orders of dumplings so I had to ask for my own dipping sauce. One of my favorites was the seafood and peashoot dumpling, buddah's delight, shrimp and chive so yum. The soup dumplings were really good but they needed more soup in them.YOU MUST TRY THE SHUMAI!!!! It was my fav!! Probably the best shumai I've had and I've had some really good shumai in Los Angeles, CA.They are so busy! They take walk ins, call ins, fax ins, and online...ins lol. They are fast, too!Constantly getting food out the kitchen!I gave it 4 stars because 1. it is a little pricey ($4 for only 2 pieces of spring rolls) BUT go during happy hour and all's great in the land of deliciousness! We kinda didn't care bc it was good. Also the pricing might be the norm for the Times Square area. 2. the dumplings sometimes stuck together when trying to take them out of the bamboo basket (causing them to break open). 3. My husband and I sat at the bar and we watched as the bartender and several other servers fill glasses with ice by using their BARE HANDS to GRAB the ice! This happened SEVERAL times. Needless to say we only drank water. Ewwy
One of the better dimsum places. The siu mai, chicken feet, and congee were most impressive. Definitely a repeat restaurant. There is a premium on food and tea but worth it.
I will definitely eat at Dim Sum Palace again if I'm ever in the area. Their chicken dumplings are perfectly seasoned and their juicy pork buns are amazing, seriously amazing; they are filled with a delicious broth and the wrapper is perfect. It's pretty basic inside the restaurant, but we went for the dim sum, not the decor. The staff are pretty friendly and helpful.
Food was just ok. Service was ok. Atmosphere was crowded and noisy. Place was very crowded. I would not go back.
Awesome Dim Sum, Every roll we tried was perfect, besides the great food, the cherry on top is the great service that is so hard to find in the theater district. Out of 5 nights in New York City, we ate three times here!!! We'll sure miss it and be back on our next trip.
Insanely good dim sum with an awesome mid day happy hour. Highly recommend stopping by for lunch
Stuck in NYC hotel because of a blizzard. Was very pleasantly surprised that they were still open and would also deliver.Food was still hot and really good when it arrived on time!! Looking forward to my next visit, I will go into the restaurant
This place is great. I had dinner here with my dad and it was quite an experience. I'm a huge fan of steamed pork buns, and theirs is some of the best I've ever had. We had the Peking Duck special and it was AMAZING. Our Server deboned an entire duck for us table side which in itself is merit for a huge tip. Outside of that, the service was a little spotty. We ordered a few appetizers that came after our entree and randomly, not together, even through they were 2 orders of the exact same thing. But, let's face it, Chinese restaurants aren't exactly known for spectacular service, however, everything else about this restaurant was so great, we still left very happy. Would definitely come back here again.
Got delivery to the hotel. The scallion pancakes and vegetable spring rolls were OK. We have better near us in North Carolina. All of the dumplings and soft dim sum were decent. But not worth the price. And they didn't give us enough sauce for everybody involved. $40 worth of stuff with only one soy sauce to go around? I would not order here again.
This place deserves a 10! Quality of food is superb. Green tea rice balls are phenomenal
We ordered off the dim sum menu and everything came out fresh and fantastic. We got here at 5 and found out it was happy hour and dim sum and drinks were all half price. Grace was our server and was helpful, friendly, hilarious, and wonderful.
I love that this place has all my favorite things! You HAVE to try the soy beans dumplings, it's out of this world flavored!
So far the BEST dim sum and soy-sauce stir fried noodle.Dim sums are reasonable, entrees are bit pricy side for me but difinitelly worth it. Out of my chinese order-inn options of Shun Lee West, Legend 72, Han Dynasty, this place wiped out my shun lee west options. Dim sum palace taste WAY BETTER and SLIGHTY REASONABLE than Shun Lee (at least for my taste).
So happy to have found this gem! If you like dim sum, but don't want the hassle of going all the way down to Chinatown, this is your place. Delicious food and excellent service.Three of us went about 7:30 pm on a Saturday night, and although the place was bustling, we were promptly seated and served. For the location, prices are extremely reasonable. Liked the a la carte picture menu showing prices of each dish that you could check off and appreciated being served by efficient and happy servers, as my experience at almost ALL dim sum places throughout the US has been intimidating stony-faced cart pushers who appeared universally miserable. Not here.This will be my go-to place near the theatre district!
We went here this past Saturday after a Broadway play because of the Yelp reviews and were not disappointed! We had dim sum and the food was great!  The staff was very friendly and helpful and we loved everything. Highly recommended.
Really tasty place. We ordered multiple dim sum from their lunch special. I loved their coconut cake dessert. My favorite one was the lotus leaf with sticky rice, it was quite tasty. The service was pretty good and fast, everything came out hot and was exquisite. I would definitely recommend.
Loved the noodles and shrimp sumai. We also ordered the duck egg rolls which I wasn't really a fan of. There was a piece of cartilage in it which kinda grossed me out. Our waitress was so sweet and friendly. The food couldn't have come out faster if they tried. Definitely will be returning!
Authentic Cantonese cuisine right in the middle of NYC. The shrimp dumplings, Cantonese fried chicken, and noodles were really good!! Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood. My family and I are already planning our next visit.
Food was good, but a bit pricey, so I gave 10% tip, and then was educated, kinda forced into paying up to 15% tip, and it turned our experience into a bad one.
This place was AWESOME. I hadn't had Dim Sum since I was in Hong Kong, and this place did not disappoint. We ordered 5 different items off the Dim Sum menu, which was plenty of food for two women. The service was friendly and fast, and when the menu came we were shocked - $24!!!  For dinner for two!  In NYC!  On restaurant row!  I will certainly be coming back here. My only complaint is that there was pork in a LOT of the Dim Sum. I would have liked a few more vegetarian or seafood options.
Very fresh and tasty food.  I work in Times Square and have been looking for genuine good tasting Chinese food!  My new favorite!!
The food is ok. Burly the delivery guy had the worst attitude in the world. He cursed to my brother and spoke lots of dirty words.
With so many great options in NY this is still one of my absolute favorites for the fresh AUTHENTIC cuisine. The food is a cut above other Chinese restaurants and the service is impeccable. A hidden gem but a spot we will be going to as our local dinner spot frequently! Tourists and locals alike, this is worth it!!
Soup dumplings are my FAVORITE, so I decided to give this place a shot. I ordered delivery via Seamless and they were 5 minutes early, which is great! I ordered the shrimp shumai, pork soup dumplings, and sesame cold noodles.The soup dumplings (most important of the order) arrived unscathed after their bouncy delivery journey (yay!) due to slightly thicker than normal dough. Both the soup and meat tasted good without being mind-blowing. They're not quite as full of soup as most places, but again that works to delivery's favor. The little container of dipping sauce looked small, but ended up being exactly enough.Shumai were a good size and full of big chunks of shrimp. They didn't come with their own dipping sauce, so I borrowed from the soup dumpling leftovers. A little too noticeably fishy tasting for me.Sesame cold noodles were about double the portion size I was expecting, but sadly weren't great. The peanut-y taste you'd expect had a strange almost burnt aftertaste and that great lip-tingling spice that sneaks up on you from other local places was nonexistent. You can't beat their soup dumpling price around here though, so I'll probably go back for those in a pinch and try a couple other menu items to get a better feel for the place.
Wow! Such an amazing find! True, authentic food that was to die for! BBQ pork buns and veggie spring rolls were out of this world! Highly highly recommended!!
Food was excellent service was mediocre.Really enjoyed the Ha Gao and Sui Mai. The soup dumplings were delicious.
We went to Dim Sum Palace before seeing a show. It was delicious and reminded us of our time in Asia. So yummy.
First, let me say that I could be falling prey to an "Americanized" conception of Chinese cuisine. That being said, everything tasted unfamiliar to me. Dishes that I've ordered elsewhere were only recognizable visually from this restaurant. The tastes were all unfamiliar, and not particularly pleasant, at least for me. The dim sum were quite exotic, (I ordered pork and shrimp) but man, the sauce they include is fairly hot, which I do like but I wasn't expecting. Not for me.
Having done my share of international travelling I always refer to reviews for feedback and whether or not to dine, drink, shop etc and rarely leave reviews so I thought I should help others too and get on the bus. Well I can only give positive reviews on this place. The order sheet for dumplings, buns and lunch menus was easy to follow and got our order in quickly and without any confusion. We received the starters very quickly and we placed our share plate orders then and not long after finishing these our mains were ready. Now I am a huge fan of authentic cooked duck (really the only one out of the four of us) and seriously this was the best I've had. I ordered the half roast duck and it was so moist and flavoursome that I had to fight for my lions share. We had several other dishes that were equally as great and the fried rice was excellent. So thumbs up to Dim Sum!! Next time in NY I will definitely visit.
Great place to get your dim-sum on! New York can be expensive but this place is reasonable. The staff are polite and friendly, I definitely recommend this place...
Cute restaurant.  Nice staff. Delicious food.  We got the chicken dumplings and BBQ pork buns and each order was amazingly fresh and steaming hot! I would recommend it
We visited here for lunch because they had such great reviews on yelp, but we were underwhelmed. The food was average and the service wasn't great at all. We really wanted to like this place. There were quite a few people there for lunch so maybe it just wasn't for us.
Literally some of the best dim sum I have ever had - pretty tough to beat since I live near San Francisco with some great dim sum! Everything we ordered was absolutely amazing and cooked to perfection. Also a great location being close to Times Square but away from the crowds. Love this place!
Awesome dim sum in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, which is quite welcome and delicious! Yum yum yum :DI recommend the happy hour half off dim sum specials (though their interpretation of half off is a little funny)
Seems like I'm going to be the combo breaker amid all these glowing reviews (which makes me somewhat suspicious, like all the good reviewers are getting a percent off if they review while dining). I know they're a new restaurant and probably going through some growing pains, but oh boy their delivery sucks--a pity since they're food is soooo good (hence the additional star). I've ordered twice: the first time around, the food was late. The second time the food was super early but I got the wrong order. When I called to notify them of the mishap, they told me to keep it, they'll have to remake the wrong other I got to resend it to the correct person (which implied they didn't care about me as a customer since I got a smaller order) and next time I order, I'll get it free. Since they knew there wouldn't be a next time, this was pretty much a nice way of saying, "Haha go fuck yourself." Then another delivery guy showed up 5 minutes later after the first guy (seriously, their whole delivery system is a mess) with the correct order and I handed him the wrong one. Like I said earlier, it's a pity they haven't ironed out the kinks in their delivery service. Their food really isn't that bad.
Dim Sum Palace tries to cater to the diverse clientele that its location attracts: Western tourists, Asian tourists, Asian Americans, local New Yorkers etc. and this is a real challenge as all these groups tend to have different standards when it comes to Chinese food. I came here on a Saturday afternoon looking for a classic Chinatown fare, i.e. congee and shrimp rice rolls and was told that they do have these items but only off-menu.Thankfully, the food tasted very authentic, and the plate of water spinach I ordered was also quite good, albeit lacking in salt (which I assume is another consequence of catering to Americans/Westerners). The service was friendly and warm, the place is very clean and the prices are in line with what you would find in the neighborhood.Give this place a shot!
The owner is so nice and friendly. A genuine guy running a genuine restaurant. The place has become quite popular because the food speaks for itself. There's a line sometimes around dinnertime. The dim sum menu isn't huge like the places in Chinatown, buts it's got the essentials, plus the entrees are amazing.
Decent menu. Staff was accommodating when it was close to closing. not every item was good. For example, the XLBs had a weird soy sauce juice with it. Made it less desirable to finish the rest.  I only enjoyed the chicken dumpling. The siu Mai tasted fresh but not the best. Decent pricing.
It's decent cantonese food. I ordered a chicken & shrimp fried rice, it wasn't terrible, but nothing special as well.
I've eaten at this place about a dozen times and the food is great and all, but holy f$&@ the waiters are always hovering over you the whole time. As soon as you take a bite they run and take the empty plates. Hold on people when we finish you can take it all, no need to guard the tables, let us feel comfortable and enjoy the good food you provide. If you're looking to take your time and enjoy your food this is not the place even tho the food is good. P.S as I was writing this 3 different waiters came asking me if I'm done, and now they are standing in front of me looking directly at me waiting... mind you there are plenty of empty tables so not a busy night for them.
No pictures because my bf & I devoured our food but this place is a hidden gem, I'd say. The outer presents itself to be small & a bit shady, but once you enter, the environment is very nice & I loved that I saw many different people to be eating dinner here. The food was good, not the best but can't complain. For starters, we checked off two of many on the dim sum menu. We got the chicken dumplings for my bf & I got the pineapple cheese Rangoon. I absolutely loveee rangoons & this did not fail me. Very sweet & tasty. For meals, I got beef & broccoli, it was extremely saucy, maybe it's their authentic Chinese touch but I'd prefer the less saltier taste of a Chinese take out place. Also, I was pretty confused when I came to find out the dishes don't come w rice... it's separate for 2$ charge haha..... don't know how to feel abt that. My boyfriend got sesame chicken which was pretty good. The entrees were abt 15$ each. May seem a bit odd to do so, but I was comparing it to, again, a common Chinese take out place & boy that's pricy for abt the same portion, just on a plate to dine in..Overall, the waiters were polite, the food was decent, portion of the entrees were good but rice separately..? Hm. & the dim sum menu provides very small portions.. the rangoons were abt 6$ for 4. Dumplings 3 for 6..Would maybeee come back but can definitely find other spots a bit more worth the buck.
We arrived right when they opened at 11am.  The food was good, but the service needed some attention.  We only saw our server when our food arrived.
Very nice and clean place. Tasty dumplings cooked to perfection. Good service. Loved the shreded duck.
This place is perfect to try Chinese foods. The Shrimp dumplings look so adorable and delicious. My family was really amaze on it. Because it was their first time to try delicious Chinese food. They have well appreciated the customer service. Hope to visit here soon!
Went here with my boyfriend back in September. Food was very forgettable, so I'm not sure why there's so many reviews? If anything, this place is honestly more like 2.5 stars because it took forever and a day for us to get our bill, and when longer for them to return with our card. I'll round up since it's one of the few dim sum places in the area and food was decent. Definitely nothing to rave home about though.
Great food-first time having dim sum and I will definitely go back to this location     Great service as well
After walking around in a very hot summer day in New York, we found this place not too far from Time Square. The accommodation of the staff were very pleasant. We were sweating like crazy from the summer heat and the servers made sure we had plenty of water to drink. The servers were fast and very nice. We were dining with a 1 year old so it's a bit challenging to dine, but everyone made sure that we were comfortable. Food were great and the staff were excellent! Will definitely go back here.
Phenomal food. Get the lobster with scallions (not on menu, request it). Also had the house special jumbo shrimp, scallion pancake, bok choy vegetable dish, and pan fried shrimp dumplings. The flavors are amazing.
This area has been needing a dim sum restaurant for years and I am thrilled that they finally have a good one in the form of Dim Sum Palace! The dumplings are freshly made and did not disappoint! I got the seafood and pea shoot dumplings and mixed mushroom dumplings- so delicious that I can't wait to go back and try the others. Also got the BBQ beef buns, sticky rice in lotus leaf, and soft shell crab appetizer. The buns and crab were delicious, but my only slight criticism would be that the sticky rice's flavor could be improved...it tasted fine with the other items but this is usually one of my go-to dim sum items that I order by itself and thought it would taste more tea-smoked and have a few more interesting things in the filling to give more flavor. All in all however, this is a wonderful spot to have dim sum in without having to make the trek to Chinatown- and certainly more clean and pleasant.
At this place now. Food is just okey. Be careful if you order food based on the pix you see on the menu bc they can be very different when you get them. That's my main complaint. I ordered the mushroom dumplings but they came out n I had no idea they were the mushroom dumplings. They were in different shapes than what's being presented in the menu. And they were also made with different type of skins / wraps than what I observed from the menu.   Nothing bad but just different than what's presented on the menu. Felt a little bit misled by them.
They dim sum was good and restaurant is clean. It's a good spot to get the dim sum fixed outside of Chinatown and being in the time square area.
Dim Sum Palace was my childhood hero.  It saved me in my time of need.  I was so hungry. And it saved me.
Friendly service, very good quality dim sum. As good as most of the dim sum places I've been to in Chinatown.
Great! Usually beef at Chinese restaurants is tough and chewy. The beef in our chow fun was tender. Dumplings good too. Well done!
My husband and I came here because of all the positive feedback this restaurant had gotten. First off, the dim sum was really good. Particularly the shanghai pork bun dumplings. (If that's not the name, it's something very similar!) After the dim sum though, the meal went south really quick. We ordered the crispy ginger chicken, and I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. It just did not look appetizing at all. But my husband ate it, he enjoyed it in the moment until we got home and he spent the night in the bathroom throwing up. Needless to say, we won't be back. Even if I wanted some dim sum, I don't think I could get my husband's stomach back in that restaurant. Really unfortunate.
Food was great and service! Happy hour till 6pm. Drinks are great too but a little pricey.
Best dim sum in the city, whenever we place the order, they steam it immediately, come up so hot and delicious, the service was pretty good too. We definitely will visit again.こちは点心を美味しいかったです。熱いし、速いし、沢山の種類を選択あります。我々は大満足です
Seated immediately on a Sunday night and very attentive service. Juicy pork dumplings, string beans, fried pork dumplings and fried ribs were so tasty! Nice find.
Was really looking forward to this but was quite disappointed. The extra star is because of good service.Started with salt and pepper squid. Tasted like dirty oil.Ordered a variety of dim sum, most were greasy inside.Not the worst but a long way from the best.
Absolutely great dimsums made to order so they are steaming fresh !
I will openly admit that they have been a little loose with the application of "Palace" here, but the food was fit for royalty!! I knight thee with my chopstick scepter. Wait staff both friendly and efficient. Dim Sum was tasty!!  Just wanted to pinch those little tender buns!  Well played Dim Sum Palace.
Very fresh dim sum, the place is clean and the service is friendly!! Ha gao is my favorite. Best Dim Sum in Hell's Kitchen
Great late night service. Dishes were hot and tasty.  I really enjoyed the crabmeat juicy pork bun.
Love the service, the clean environment. Really enjoyed our experience here, the food is so fresh and so delicious! Will be back next time in NY
I had a craving for dim sum. As a first time visitor in New York I had expected the prices would be a little steep since it's the only local dim sum place in Times Square. I decided to walk over during a snow storm and was very surprised how fast my to go order was. The hostess taking my order was friendly and waved me to the bar for a cup of green tea while my order was being prepared. Food was very good and will come back for future visits If I don't feel like taking a subway to Chinatown.
Their weekend menu is bigger. I went on a weekday and they didnt serve several dishes I wanted to get from these pics on yelp. I've had better dimsum in Chinatown!
amazing. dim sum forever. the duck carving ceremony was perfectly executed. everything tasted delicious.
Pretty good spot for even a casual craving or a massive feast if you want to go all out. Their service was good and they were friendly. I think the manager came over after and asked how we liked everything. Food is on the upper end of quality of places I've been to.
Everything here is delicious. Went twice in 2 weeks and want more! Best dim sum ever!
When I visited in New York in Feb, I visited here without any expectation. However, the taste was awesome and the place is clean & cozy ! The dim sums were the best I have ever eaten. I recommend going there during happy hour then you can get discounted (around 50%). I will definitely visit there again!
Some of the tastiest dim sum I've ever had! Walkable from Times Square - wanted an option we didn't have to take a cab or subway to. We had the pork and shrimp siu mai (excellent), har gow, crab and pork soup dumplings (our fave), crispy pork spare ribs (mmmm!), and chicken lo mein. Everything was delicious. Bill came to $50 with 2 beers. If u don't want to bother going to any of the Chinatowns, this place won't disappoint. Service was also excellent.
I order the shrimp dumplings to go and they were very freshly made and very delicious !
This place was packed! The sign of a good place to eat! As we waited for a table we saw all the delicious food being consumed. All of the noodle dishes looked amazing. We ordered individual dim sum and it was so delicious and amazing! We went during the happy hour so it was half price. We also got beef chow fun which was good as well but the real treat was the dim sum. Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff. I would recommend to anyone looking for an Asian style meal.
They really hand make their food - no frozen dumplings. Everything on the menu was great. Delicious!
Very nice.  Fresh, delicious and reasonable, especially for Manhattan.The menu was great or you can order the Dim Sum.
Great dim sum and very good service.  Not much to say but will eat the next time I'm in NYC.
I was very impressed with this restaurant! The food was great, the atmosphere was friendly, and the wait staff was really on top of everything. Cute little restaurant, perfect for a date night!!
The food was wonderful and it was inexpensive for NY and overall a great experience! I would definitely go back.
Great post show dining option. Everything we ate was just right. My ONLY complaint was they v sold out of pineapple cream cheese wonton.
Did a pick up order when my husband was ill in the hotel room. They got everything spot on. It was all delicious and still hot, not over salty or over spicy. Good location near Times Square.
Loved the restaurant! We went in at around midnight and the waiters and waitresses are all really nice. The dim sums are fresh and tasty. Great place!
Great, relatively cheap dim sum right near Times Square!  Shrimps spring rolls, salt and pepper squid and shumai were a hit!  I'll be back!
Wow, better than dim sum in Queens or Chinatown that Chinese co-workers and friends have taken me to.  Fried options were not greasy compared to other places so the dipping sauces ( ginger or red pepper in oil) were complementary instead of grease on grease.
It's a nice little place with some good food. Definitely not 5 star quality. Price is a bit high but it's New York.
Fast friendly efficient service, great food. Literally As good if not better than some spots in china town. Food faves: Pork soup dumplings, duck spring rolls, BBQ pork bun, shrimp spring rollsKudos to Benjamin for taking good care of us. Will return and recommend, happy hr 4-6. 50% off dim sum.
I was craving dim sum but didn't want to travel to Chinatown since I was staying in Hells Kitchen. Found this place through a google search. The food was great and he service was good. It is however made to order so there are no carts. They also didn't carry the shrimp or beef rice noodle tools which are my favorites. The shrimp dumplings were Bomb and made in house. They're also open til 2am which is great since there's only pizza late night in that area. I only gave it four stars for the lack of the rice noodles which is a staple of dim sum.
OK, so I ordered a take out, steam dumplings and veges and pork chops. Price's fair for a location at w 46 st. minutes walking to time square. Services's good because they let me to pick up early. Taste - not the best in the city.
The worst food we have ever had! Dirty, horrible Peking Duck all fat, we came based on reviews and just don't get how all these reviews were great. We eat dim sum all the time in San Francisco and this restaurant doesn't come close to even good. They advertise cantonese the chicken corn soup was a no taste bright yellow broth with no chicken and maybe 2 kernels of corn. We do not suggest eating here especially if you  are used to San Fran dim sum.
What an experience, we came here to have a quick dinner before the show and got sat immediately.  We decided not to order from the dim sum menu since we saw that they have happy hour from 3-6 with 50% off from Yelp, so we ordered from the regular menu.  We placed our order in Cantonese to the server that we wanted stir fry noodle with beef and crispy garlic chicken, which he recommended.  To our surprise, he brought out the pan fried noodle with beef.  Which we thought we might have mistakenly picked.  No problem, we started eating until we realized that some of the beef were not fully cooked.  Not fully cooked beef can be a big issue in Chinese restaurant, because they could be frozen meats that are not fresh. Thus, we told the server.  He took the dish back.  Then, he proceeded to bring a chicken dish and asked if we wanted to give it a try. We asked why, he said that they are having computer issue and the kitchen is making the wrong order.  We were so confused as to why we would have to eat something we didn't order, but since we were in a hurry for the show, we finally let it go.   They eventually brought a new plate of 'stir-fry noodle with beef' to replace with the old one we got.  That dish was nothing I have ever had, it was so bland that I felt like I was just chewing nothing.  The chicken that we didn't order had more flavor, but it was sour which seems to be coming from the sauce.  Can't tell if it was bad or what.  We ended up with the check that they charged us for the chicken dish we ordered, which was more expensive than the wrong chicken dish they brought up.  I wish we had more time to enjoy the dinner, in that case, we would definitely request them to make the chicken that we actually ordered and paid for.  Let's say that this is worse than some of the authentic Chinese restaurants in Chinatown and the service was terrible.  WOULD NEVER RETURN!
We weren't sure what to expect but this place was amazing and very clean which is a plus!  The rice was fresh and full of vegetables. They had a cream cheese and pineapple Rangoon instead of crab and it was spectacular. They make their own homemade soy sauce which I could possible drink it was so good. Would definitely go again.
They offer half price dim sum and drinks before six weekdays. I tried the shrimp dumpling, pork ribs, chicken feet, porridge, and shrimp shumai. My favorite is the shrimp dumpling.
Just a wonderful place.  We were walking around Times Square looking for a place to eat and my wife saw this place.  So glad she did!!!
Location was convenient and a short walk from Port Authority. Server was rude and talked over our food, so I didn't drink my water in case she had accidently spat. She also commented on how much we were ordering, which I think is very... rude. That's not exactly how you get familiar with customers.
Worst experience ever... terrible service and overcharged to top things off. Added a dollar to each item and claimed they were fixing the computer....
In town from North Dakota and just so tickled we found this place!!  Best food eVer!!
I came in with family friends from hong kong and they said its just like the dim sum they have at home. The service was friendly and it was super close to home. Id reccommend everyone to come
Friendly staff and satisfying food. We ordered strictly the dumplings and buns because that's what we were in the mood for and they were each delicious and fresh! Our favorites were the xiao long bao, egg custard bun and the shrimp shumai. Definitely recommend if you're in the area and looking for some tasty comfort food.
Well this been a disappointment. Before we get to the food let's just talk about the experience. We we "greeted by a man that was to busy to get off his cell phone. So he throws up a three sign slaps a table and walks away. After a few minutes we finally get only 2 menus for 3 of us and one paper dim sum menu. He spews out something about half price dim sum as throws the paper menu in the middle of the table and runs off without taking a drink order. About 10 minutes later he finally comes to take our drink order and meal. We tell him drinks. And at the speed of light he starts running through our paper menu. We try to stop him and say we need a second one because we want separate checks. Ignoring us he insists on interpreting our scribbles intended to help us order faster when the second menu came. Nope he wasn't having it and when he finally acknowledged we wanted separate checks he stormed of bitching to the bartender in a language I don't speak but I understand one thing. Separate checks is the same in English jerk. So now we get to the one guy that orders off the main menu. His dish doesn't come with rice. So he asked for fried. You would think he slap his mama. No no no fried, $2 for a side of white and he walks away.  So my friend asked when he comes back. He says I told white you have to order a full order. We don't want a full order. He says you can all share. Again if we all wanted it we would have ordered it.   So thinking we where just stuck we wait for the food and I begin writing this.  Now to the food. It all comes out and looks delicious and it was. Every bit was fantastic. Until we get to the main menu order. I can't be sure but they may have a barber in the kitchen. Not one but multiple hairs.  Here is where the tide turns. We call them over and immediately they start a new order.  They in fact left it where we could see it so we knew it was a fresh order. In addition they went ahead and gave him a side of fried rice. Unfortunately the service tainted what should have a wonderful meal. I'm not sure but I will probably give them one more chance.
Needed a handy place on my way back to Penn Station to meet my friend for lunch. She suggested this place and I'm a big fan of dim sum so we did it. There is a vast array of choices and the beauty of it is that they're all available right away, no waiting for whatever is on the next passing cart. The quality was quite good, Chinatown level at least, if not quite Shun Lee Cafe. One oddity is it's the only Chinese restaurant I ever knew to charge for a pot of tea. But the refill was free anyway. And the tea was very good. Overall, well worth a return visit.
Went here before a matinee.  Great location.  But he food was great.  Had a wide assortment of dim sum.  We were super happy and would absolutely go back.  We even treated ourselves to these green tea dim sum as a dessert.  They were great!
We went to a Broadway matinee show and then decided to take in another show in the evening, so we needed to kill some time and we needed to eat dinner, so we walked down Restaurant Row and found this place, and let me tell you we're so happy we did. We came in around 4:40 and they had Happy Hour until 5 with half price dim sum and (some) drinks, and we had no problem getting several half price items. The dim sum (we had 4 dishes) were very tasty. [Note: We don't eat pork or shrimp, so we had vegetable items, mushroom items, etc.] After that we ordered a main dish (Kung Pao Chicken) which was very good. With the Happy Hour discount, the bill was quite reasonable. The service was good (not stellar). When we needed something or had a question, we had to wait a few times, but we were enjoying ourselves so much that it didn't matter too much. And when my wife's phone's battery died they let me plug her phone in at the bar and charge it (and we could see it from our table not too far away).We plan on coming back in the future whenever we go into the city to see a show.
Holy cow this place is delish. the pork buns, singapore noodles, the dim sum, likely the best chinese food i have ever had. Seriously, get down here, order online, make the pilgrimage, you will not regret this cullinary delight!
probably the most authentic cantonese food in hells kitchen. fast service, and water refill game was on point. dim sum picture menu that you mark and give to the staff. notably more expensive than chinatown ($8 tea??) but you lose some you dim sum
Stopped in for some dim sum after a show and the food was delicious. I especially loved the dumplings with the soup inside. Service was speedy and courteous and for $50, I thought it was a great value.
Tamago and salmon are good, tuna is a little bit hard. Have a musician performance on Friday night, amazing music. Fine Chinese and Japanese restaurant.
Menu is very limited compared to other dim sum restaurants. Flavors were mediocre. Not to mention over priced and the Chrysanthemum tea was $8. Enjoy. I'll be going somewhere else next time that also has carts for the real experience.
Main qualities of this dim sum joint are mediocre food and inflated prices. I came for a friends birthday celebration and the workers were very accommodating in seating our large party of about 15 people. Despite the small space, they happily agreed to move tables around so we can all sit together. Although the servers were friendly, I can't give this place more than 3 stars because the dim sum was truly subpar with the skin on the shrimp dumplings being too fragile and the skin on the juicy pork dumplings being just the opposite. The prices here start at about $4.50 per dim sum dish and they go as high as $8.00 I believe. This is double the prices I'm used to paying back in LA but I do understand that this is midtown Manhattan so I guessssss the prices are somewhat justified?? If you really want to satisfy a dim sum craving in midtown, I suggest you come here during happy hour when the dim sum dishes are 50% off!
NOT impressed. Came here when my roommate and I wanted dim sum, but were too lazy to go to Chinatown. We saw the good review on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. We ordered 4 dim sum dishes and were left rather disappointed, and also with a hefty bill to boot ($22 a person!)- Soup dumplings - really, very terrible. The skin was too thick and also broke when we picked these up. The flavoring is also off.- Turnip cake - a little too mushy for my liking, but alright- Preserved egg and pork congee - at $5.95 per small bowl, it was not worth the price. You can get 2.5 times the amount at Congee Village for the same price!- Salty yolk bun - these were good, but probably not made in-houseI'll only come back if I'm realllllly craving dim sum, but NYC has so many better places for dim sum!
I am literally wrting this review from my toilet.This is my first time at this place.We came here for a late night meal, around 1130.We ordered 5 dishes. The food is actually taste good especially the egg yolk buns and fried fresh milk.I'm so excite to found a decent dimsum around my place.Anyway I woke up three hours laters with acute stomach pain and yes diarrhea. It has been on going till now. I'm so certain it's from here because my earlier meal was 4PM. Also I have a pretty tough stomach. Havent got diarrhea for like 4 years.Won't come back again. Too scare.
For a Chinese person traveling from a small city in Virginia to NYC, i think that this restaurant is great. I came here for lunch and got the lunch special including a dim sum sample platter, beef stew, lotus roots and celery stir-fry and kongpao beef. All wee tasty. The place was clean, well managed, and waiters were relatively friendly. I would have come back if I were to visit NYC next time.
Moral of the story, don't come here even for happy hour dimsum cause it's not worth it. You literally get what you pay for, which is bad dimsum. Go to Chinatown or Flushing and pay for authentic dimsum at a decent price. This discount dimsum is not even worth it. Needless to say, we are not coming back.The food here is not the most authentic but it was okay for the location. You can tell the rice noodles have been made and left out for a while because the edges were crispy. The shanghai soup dumplings had no soup. We came here for happy hour dimsum which starts at 3pm. We ordered early by 6 minutes and they would not honor the happy hour prices. Obviously the regular food is overpriced due to location but we lowered our standards for food given the price. We would not have come here on a regular day.
Omg this place was amazing! We had the General Tso's, Chicken Lo Mein, Chicken Fried Rice, Beef Broccoli and the pan fried pork dumplings. Everything was delicious! We ate so fast I couldn't take a pic. Definitely come here if you're in the area!
I've been waiting for a dimsum place to open in midtown that's got all of the traditional dimsum and was so happy this place opened! When you dine in, the dimsum is extremely fresh and super hot when it comes out. Chang fen (rice noodle) is not always served, but when it is it's excellent--they are really generous will how much meat they use. The BBQ pork buns are great. The xia jiao (shrimp dumping) are huge and delicious. I also HIGHLY recommend their congee, especially the fish congee. The wait staff is very nice, especially Kevin. Overall I highly recommend this place for people who want good dim sum and don't feel like going to china town and waiting 30 minutes for a table! The main reason my review isn't 5 stars is because a pot of tea is $8, which is crazy since tea is essential for dimsum. The tea is freshly made per party though, so that is probably why it's so expensive.
Pretty solid dim sum conveniently located in Midtown. It's nice that they're open late too. My inner Chinese  was craving some dim sum, so a friend and I went for a late weeknight dinner. We ordered shrimp and pork Shu Mai, Sticky Rice wrapped with lotus leaves, and Duck Spring Rolls. - Shu Mai: Probably my favorite item we ordered. It's also nice that they offer three different flavor options (pork and shrimp, chicken, and seafood). The shu mai had a large portion of pork and shrimp. Each bite was very satisfying. - Sticky Rice: This dish was average. The rice had a nice flavor and also included pieces of Chinese sausage inside. But the sausage made the sticky rice really oily.  - Duck Spring Roll: A variety of dipping sauces are provided. There was a lot of vegetables in the roll.Overall, decent dim sum. The staff is friendly and service was relatively fast. It was disappointing that they don't offer rice noodle rolls (cheong fun) because that's such a staple dim sum dish (and my fav!). As expected in midtown, the food is a bit pricy. If you're looking for more bang for your buck, head to Flushing or Chinatown.
Fast service. Fresh dim sum. Friendly staff. Why only 4 stars? I found THREE strands of hair in the one and a half hours I was eating there. I highly recommend the cooks in the back wear hair nets to prevent this from happening again.On another note, I really enjoyed the soup dumplings and BBQ pork buns. I even think their soup dumplings surpass the famous Joe's Shanghai! The BBQ pork bun was steamed to perfection with a perfect meat to dough ratio. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot!) was amazing. Even though it isn't your usual rolling cart dim sum (due to the lack of space), all the dim sum was incredibly fresh.  The price is a little steep compared to dim sum in Chinatown but it's a good alternative if you can't make the trek there.
UPDATE:  I'm extremely impressed by how quickly the restaurant responded to my review- THAT is great customer service. I called grubhub and they contacted the restaurant and got me a refund for the item. I'm really happy to see that my issue was addressed so quickly and nicely. This definitely means I'll order from here again. Nothing beats great customer service! (And also the food is delicious!)My food was delivered to me without the top closed so it's all inside the bag. If attached pictures. Wtf.
Dim sum yum served all during their opening hours! How grand!Their beef ho fun stir fried is so great after drinking a bit.I don't think I've had dim sum at night for a looooong time and this was a nice toss up to do!I like how they provide pictures of the dim sum plates.  They have entree menus to choose from.Xiao long baos were a bit on the thick doughy side.  I like their steamed pork siu mais and shrimp dumplings.  Pork ribs in black bean sauce steamed was aye okay.  Rice wrapped tea leaf steamed was spot on as well. House hot sauce was yum! It went well with everything that was suitable with the food and their black vinegar with slices of thin ginger.Service was attentive and food came out accordingly.
Delicious dim sum. Went with a large group for lunch, and everything we ordered was tasty. I find that's not always the case with dim sum. Also, everything comes out hot and fresh. Great service, too!
This review is specifically for delivery on a Monday night. Ordered pork buns and vegetable noodles. Delivery was fast!  Menu has a lot of good options. Pork buns were very good and did not taste like delivery dim sum. Vegetable noodles are nothing spectacular but tasted good. I would definitely order more dim sum from them next time I'm in town.
Huge fan of this place. Recently tried it after finding out it was near my office. They have a great happy hour deal before 6pm on week days - half off all dim sum! I sneak out of work for an early dim sum dinner to take advantage of the deal sometimes. Service is great - I have never had a bad experience with the staff here. The dim sum is delicious, and prepared to order. They have a great variety of tasty dim sum dishes, and I always leave satisfied and craving more dumplings! I'd recommend the shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, and the steamed pork dumplings in particular. Dim sum is cooked to order, served hot and fresh from the kitchen every time. Certainly worth the trek across time square to try this place!Food is most delicious when you eat it fresh. I'd advise against delivery or take-out!
Wow! This place is fantastic.I came with a friend at 10:30pm on a Friday night, and it was a blast! We had just come from the Theater district, so it was nice that they stay open late. We ended the meal at 11:42pm.We ordered quite a few items: Shrimp Dumpling ($6.25), Shrimp Chives Dumpling ($6.25), Buddha Delight Dumpling ($6.25), Seafood Shu Mai ($6.25), Sticky Rice with Pork ($6.25), Pan fried Shrimp Chive Dumpling ($6.95), Shrimp Roll ($6.25), and a pot of Green Tea ($8).While this may not be inexpensive, it was so delicious! For being in Hell's Kitchen (as opposed to Chinatown), Dim Sum Palace deserves its namesake. I don't think I'd order the Green Tea again, but everything else was a winner. Lastly, their dipping sauces are out of this world. The ginger sauce is phenomenal!Would highly recommend this to anyone, I will be returning.
Dim sum was ok. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. I went during their "happy hour". "half price" sounded amazing until they hand you their happy hour menu. All the dim sum were doubled normal prices so at the end you are still paying for mediocre dim sum at an average price. The restaurant itself was very nice. Clean and comfy. So was the service. I'd give that 5 stars. But food and value wise 1 star.
Happy hour here is on point! We stopped in just in time to enjoy a ton of delicious dim sum at half off prices (3-5 pm). Our faves included the mushroom dumplings, chive buns, and green tea rice balls (a pleasant sweet surprise). The cucumber salad is refreshing but super spicy - tread carefully with that one. The soup dumplings are just ok, but for the price, they were worth trying. Service was great and efficient. A great spot to check out after a theatre matinee or for a late lunch or snack.
You can understand my apprehension: a Chinese place sort of near Times Square, and hence lots of tourists, could easily have been pretty bad and served mediocre food with bad service. But Dim Sum Palace is the real deal, offering what seems like dozens of kinds of dumplings on their dim sum menu and an assortment of noodle and rice dishes, too. My favorite dumpling of all the ones I tried was undoubtedly the shrimp and chive pan-fried dumpling! It was very crispy on one side, tender on the other, with great flavor from the onion and (perfectly cooked!) shrimp. Also, this was probably the best pork bun I've ever had! What's more, every server who came by our table was extremely nice, quick, and courteous.
It was pretty good and decent except for the two pieces of hair found in two of the dumplings we had ordered. Waiters were polite. Service was pretty quick except they forgot two of our hot orders. No biggie though. Don't known if I would come back though. Lol
I'm more than happy to discover this dim sum place in midtown area, which carries a very extensive list of items. You could easily find shrimp shumai, dumplings, pork chops, and even coconut pudding (unfortunately they ran out of the pudding when we got there). Everything was well-portioned and easily shared with the group, so that everyone can have a bit of this and that - smart concept!The only complain we had was that Dim Sum Palace was a bit overpriced, given the amount of food. However considering its prime location (in the center of theater district), I would not comment too much.Will definitely come back and try other options.
Great food - fast service. I had the Dim Sum appy - Only problem with it is there was only 4 - Could of ate another dozen or so. The Chow Fun was excellent. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the pork was tender and moist. Can't wait to order again!
We had lunch here and it was delicious! The lunch special is a great value with soup, rice, and entree for $9.95. We had the Pepper steak (wonderfully tender beef with tons of peppers) and General Tso's chicken (yummy sweet sauce that wasn't too spicy, very good quality chicken - no fat, and broccoli on the side). We both would definitely eat here again! The decor is beautiful, and chairs comfy. A short walk from Times Square.
Great food and service P shumai 4/5Taro cubes in duck fat 4/5Scallion pancake 3/5Taro and p dumpling 2/5Chrysanthemum tea 4/5
this place was a good find, the service and food were great!the location was easy and everything, (we ordered 5 dishes) was relish. we happened to be there during happy hour and all items were 1/2 off, even better!
I think I robbed the joint. I came in before five pm, grateful for respite from the cold and happy to see a full bar.The server, and probable proprietor, let me know it was happy hour with all dim sum and drinks half off. Half! My party ate and drank more than we needed, and left with our bellies full and our wallets not quite empty.
First time we went there they were closed for a private event. We went again the next day and they were open. Wish they were closed. The dim sums were among the best I had. The dumplings, soup and pancakes were less than ordinary and the SOUP CAME WITH A BUG INSIDE. Needless to say that although I appreciate the extra protein, I'm not going there ever again.
Excellent Service, Clean and Spacious Space, Extremely Clean Bathroom . 1/2 dim sum And drinks = Awesome . Excellent food and customer service . We had the wonton soup, pork chive dumplings , shrimp fried rice , and chicken lo mein .
Just FYI, this place is CLOSED at the moment for renovations. Arrived there today excited to eat some yummy dim sum and found a group of sad dim sum lovers texting their friends to find an alternate location. Hope they open again soon.
I love this place! Best Chinese food in the city that I have tried so far. I have only had delivery from here, but the chive and pork dumplings were plump and juicy, the General Tsos and Sweet and Sour chicken were crispy and flavorful and I love how they give the side of the chili oil. Their crispy green tea rice balls are greasy but delicious. I get them every time!
The delivery was super quick and ordering online easy.  The food itself was ok, nothing amazing.  I wasn't amazed like I thought based on previous reviews.
I'm sorry to say that the food here is overrated. The juicy pork dumpling is not even juicy and the skin is too thick for my taste.  Not to mention that it's over priced. I can get better quality dumplings elsewhere for a cheaper price. The Singapore noodle is decent but too salty and nothing special about it. If you're used to authentic Chinese food like me, this place is not for you.
Great place for Dim Sum. Went in for lunch and was greeted right away. They give u a menu to check off what dishes you would like. Everything we had was great. Can't wait to bring friends back with us.
Given that Ive been in search of good dim sum( that is not in Flushing), I had high hopes when I saw how highly rated this new place was! My partner and I tried several items on their dim sum menu and were disappointed by all of them.  Also, the dim sum selection is limited and has very few of the traditional dim sum offerings (with non-traditional dim sum prices). The one plus was that the service was attentive and warm.
Verry good fresh made to order style dim sum! Happy hour is 50% off.... Can't beat that. Eaten here 3 times this week;)
Great little spot near time square and the theater district. Dim sum was great. Service was great! We definitely over ordered. The Shu Mai was my favorite!!
Just plain awesome awesome dim sum!!  HotFreshFastEfficient service Tasty as hell. Shrimp, pork, cilantro.  All great dim sums.  Wish there was a spicy soup in the menu. Excluding hot and sour.
This place is a hidden gem. We came to NYC originally for brunch  and had a change of heart. The dim sum here is delish, happy hour is the best!
All kinds of dim sum. The waitresses are kind and nice. Food is delicious and authentic. Love the place! Will definitely come again!
Food is ok, very small portions for the price. Would much rather go to Chinatown for dim sum. If you need to eat in the area, there are much better options than this place.
Wife and I went a couple days before Thanksgiving. It is more her thing than mine and she was very happy with everything. She's happy, I'm happy. Bill for 6 dishes, Beer, Wine-$29. Incredible value, especially for the location.
The food was amazing but service was extremely slow. 30 min for dim sum. Not a place to go for a work lunch.
This place looks really good and their Dim Sim tastes really good. I really like the pork rib.
Unbelievable! that there is actually delicious dim sum in the middle of tourist trap hell, a neighborhood in which I live.  I live 3 blocks away, and, honestly hate most of the 9th ave, and Restaurant Row joints. I m a very picky eater. SURPRISE!  Thank you for those yummy and super fresh har gow, shumai, fried pork/chive dumplings.  Above avg, and hope you expand the dim sum menu to a few more exotic items.  My new go to place in between working at the Broadway Theatres.  I may actually go back tomorrow for Happy Hour.
Stopped by before the theater. Quick service , great food. Food was fresh and delicious. Loved everything we had... Dumplings, sticky rice, Japanese soft style tofu was awesome. Hope to come back next time in town!
The worst noodle ever. Dimsum was pretty good, but the "hongkong style pan fried noodle" was terrible. It was so thick and hard. I wrap the leftover and throw it away
Excellent dim sum overall. Small place so they do it made to order... No carts. Har gow was very good. Large amount of shrimp and piping hot. Sesame balls were also nice and hot. Busy place but service was a little slow. They do have a decent assortment but not as much as a full size dim sum place. Overall an excellent lunch.
I'm reviewing a delivery order. The dim sum here is quite good, but not as good as that of a place like Golden Unicorn. However, if you don't feel like trekking all the way to Chinatown then this is a good substitute. The vegetarian hot and sour soup might be the best I've tasted. So why only 2-stars? We've eaten in a couple of times and enjoyed both occasions. We ordered through Yelp online and paid via VISA. The delivery man called when he arrived in barely recognizable English. Finally, I told him over the phone that I would meet him in the hotel's lobby. When I got there he said something to the effect of "you need pay!" I told him I had already paid via CC. He kept on repeating the same rant. I pointed out that the receipt said "paid." Finally, I figured out that he was asking for a tip, but...I was irritated by that point. The really stupid thing (for him) is that I was going to tip him - not much ($5 on a $40 bill) but something. However, his rudeness cost him even a small tip. I took the food and walked away. I'm not exaggerating here: as I walked away he was shouting in the lobby " Why you no pay ME?"Food: 4/5 starsDelivery man: 0/5 starsAverage of both scores gives 2/5 stars
A hidden gem near Times Square.  Dim sum and food are very good, tasty, and great service too.  Fully recommended!
We came here after midnight starving. Hands down the shrimp dumplings were the best thing. Close tie were the seafood shu Mai. We also got the crispy garlic spare ribs , pan fried pork and chives dumplings and the shredded roast duck dumplings. Everything was delicious. I would recommend this place for a dim sum where you don't have to travel to China town for. I love how not everything is fried. A must try
Very chunky and tasty siu mai. A little sticky har gau. Small but tasty beef cow fun. Everything as expected. Solid and delicious but not spectacular.
Order soup dumpling,  pan fired noodles and shumai.  Everything was good.  I feel the food would be better if eaten in the restaurant.  Worth trying again.  Definitely going to visit their spot to try other menu items.
Nice ambiance. Food was good. We went here after a musical. We didn't order dim sum. The crispy pork ribs were deep fried bits with the bone still in. They were ok but the bone part was off putting. The walnut shrimp was delicious as was the lo mein. We also had general tso chicken one of my faves. I liked it enough but it was crispy and the sauce was just ok. Service was awkward to say the least. They were very friendly but not quite skilled. The specialty cocktails were not good. They serve an Asian mule but it was very lemony and they use ginger ale instead of ginger beer. The regular mixed drinks were good though. The bartender did come over to check on how we liked the mule and offered to replace it. That was very kind.
My friends and I decided to eat here on our first day in New York. We arrived at the restaurant just as happy hour started (half off of most menu items including dim sum). The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. The food is delicious and full of flavour, and a good price. The only thing is that the serving sizes are a lot smaller than I'm used to.
Best dim sum EVER including an attentive wait staff. Get there early because this place gets super crowded from 6pm onwards. My favorite place to grab a quick bite after a Saturday matinee. Easy walk from the theater district.
The food was delicious and fast. Happy hour dim sum is a steal. The service was so fast, in fact, that we got shrimp spring rolls twice.
While on vacation, we were looking for Chinese food delivery so we wouldn't have to go out in the cold :)  After checking Yelp, we found Dim Sum Palace.  The fried won tons are much better than I've had in a while.  Fried just right and stuffed with filling!  The shrimp dumplings were delicious and the kung pao chicken was very good.  The delivery was quick and ordering over the phone was easy.  Give them a try!!
Mediocre food and absolutely horrible service. Had a full hour wait for food. Not due to a packed restaurant but just simple incompetence. Definitely not worth it.
We went to get dim sum, which they now serve all-day. Slightly expensive for dim sum (Chinatown is probably cheaper) but it was still so worth it because of the location and quality!! The food seemed to be made fresh and they came out at a good pace. The three of us ordered beef chow mein, chicken feet, xiao long nap, shrimp Shu mai, chive dumplings, and more. All highly recommend!!
Not a bad place if you're craving some dimsum and you're stuck in Times Square. They have a happy hour with half off dim sum and drinks between 3-6pm (not sure if that's everyday or M-F). I had the black bean spareribs (one of my faves) and it came out nice and hot. Enjoyed that. The cold sesame noodles were a little too sweet for my tasted and not enough sesame. I make it better. House fried chicken wings were a little greasy and bland (even with the accoutrements) for my taste - I would pass on those next time. Waiter forgot my hot & sour soup, but I was full anyway from the xiao long bao and other stuff. Skin on the xiao long bao could have been thinner, but otherwise not bad. A little pricy than most dim sum places but that seems to be the norm in Times Square. I would go again.
Ok, so I don't live in NYC, but I am a dim sum fan. Anywhere you can get freshly made dumplings at 2 am, that are incredibly good, gets 5 stars from me!
Disgustingly sweet sauces.  Even for stuff that's not General Tso's or whatever where you might expect it, you'll get it with other dishes too.  For example their spicy crispy beef - drenched in sickly sweet sugar syrup, not at all spicy.
Pretty excellent dim sum and convenient midtown location.  the service was friendly & attentive Our food arrived quickly, we will go back again.
So hungry and tired around past midnight and walked by this restaurant.  Considering the time, my expectations weren't so high.  Yet, the food and service was great.  I need to come back and know for sure on a regular lunch or dinner time.
Great food and fast delivery!! I ordered spicy eggplant and chicken with garlic sauce. I really enjoyed.
Service here is absolutely unbeatable! Food is okay. The sitting area down the hallway is a little bit crowded.
Stumbled upon this place unexpectedly and was very pleasantly surprised ! We ordered 10 different dumplings and only paid $56.13 ! All of them were amazing too !!
small, nondescript, crowded, but wow! awesome, authentic dim sum.  really delicious.  good, quick service.  wish i lived closer just for the chance to go on a whim.
Food was great! Good location to catch a show and still eat before without crazy crowds. Beware, the drinks are expensive, vodka tonic was 14.00 per drink!  The drinks were well made though.  Had pork and chive dumplings, BBQ pork buns and crispy garlic spare ribs to start. Shared beef with broccoli, chicken lo mein and king pao chicken between 3 of us.  The Kung pao was spicy but still nice.  BBQ pork buns he sweet BBQ pork, maybe a little too sweet.  Overall, very good!
The food here was tremendous. The staff were extremely attentive and the meal came out much faster than we anticipated. Inside the restaurant is a little cramped but it was easy to forget the closeness once we tasted the food. The Dim Sum, fried rice and various entrees were excellent. Highly recommended.
There is a paper menu to order from, no trolley service. We sat for 15 minutes waiting to be served while 3 tables were seated around us and immediately served. That said, food was very good high made up for the below average service.
Talk about friendly service!! Top notch! The food is super fresh and this is such an awesome neighborhood addition without going to Chinatown. You don't get all the variety of dim sum to choose from, but they have all the staples. The dumplings and pork buns are super fresh, hot and yummy! The prices are definitely higher, but hey, you're not in Chinatown! It was about $50 for 2 people and we got s veggie dish to share and about 5 dim sum baskets. Will be coming back!
A bunch of my friends and I went to this place because we were craving dim sum in the area. I had originally intended to get the normal fare, but I saw that a lady behind me had a plate of delicious-looking pan fried noodles, so I knew I had to order that instead! I got the noodles with pork on top, which was a very wise decision. My friends and I agreed that the char siu tasted absolutely amazing, and the noodles themselves were also a nice thickness. The restaurant was a little pricy, but that is to be expected in Times Square. It was a little awkward when we paid because the waiter came back and asked if we had forgotten to tip because we left the line blank -- we were intending to tip with cash. Overall, the food was really tasty here, and I would come back for more of the char siu!
I recently found this place on my last trip to NY.  Just got back.  I always look for a good Chinese restaurant when I come to NY and the Dim Sum Palace is my new favorite place.  The dim sum is great(although limited choices for those who don't eat pork, like me).  We had the shrimp with honey walnut (the shrimp was so fresh and tasted great), beef with broccoli,  lo mein,  and the Peking duck (very nice, but I've had better).  The service was quick and helpful. everyone was very polite.  can't wait to go back.
Amazing food and staff, i only had 5 kinds of dumplings and wanton soup, everything was great
We had some really great takeout but it was easy to tell the atmosphere here was relaxed and welcoming, too.
I was on a solo trip to NYC and was going to see The Lion King that evening, headed over to Dim Sum Palace at the right time, especially since it was half price dim sum and cocktails for happy hour!  The food was superb and the staff extremely friendly!  I indulged with my dim sum faves such as BBQ roast pork steam buns, hai gow and shu mai.  Just a tip - I was fortunate to get a seat at the bar early because after 530pm the place started to fill up and it didn't seem like a lot of room towards the back of the house.Definite must if you are near times square or theatre district!
Got to Dim Sum Palace at 5:15 found out 1/2 off all drinks and dim sum before 6pm great happy hour! food and drinks were great
Dumpling flavors were underwhelming. Went with a group of four and space was very very tight. Service was helpful but unwelcoming and seemed rush. Would not come back!
I went there today with my family and it was a slow day. The manager wee was real nice and offered us free deserts because one of our orders came out a little late. We didn't even notice it was late :) the food was yummy. That's what is important
Sweet little place right near the theaters... I wish it was a little less authentic because the dim sum menu is not all that clear and the waiters are not translators so I pretty much go with my gut and have yet to be disappointed.
This place is legit! Be brave and order the green sticky rice dumplings. They are filled with peanut goodness and amazing. Go and see why this place is always packed...I'm already craving more soup dumplings.
Was expecting to be a push cart dim sum but it's a regular American  microwave made to order dim sum prices were above average price for NY
Had lunch here today , variety of dumplings - duck, pork, shrimp all delicious. Highly recommend for lunch before a show. Service was great as well.
Very good!great dim sum and all food. Not very cheap. Nice stuff. Enjoyed very much !
I ordered from here for the first time tonight and I have to say the Buddha vegetarian dumplings were some of the best I've ever had. Absolutely delicious and such beautiful presentation too - even for delivery. The prices are also great and you can get a plethora of things for not a lot. Would highly recommend them - I've been living in this neighborhood for a year now and in search of a good Chinese food spot and am happy I found this spot.
Really surprised by how fresh the dumplings are. Everything we had was great. Always looks crowded but walked right in and got a table without any wait. Fast paced service and quick turn around. Great for pre-show meal and within easy walking distance of most theaters. Very friendly staff.
VERY GOOD DIMSUM IN MIDTOWN! I think it's comparable to dimsum at chinatown. Very lucky to find this place so I don't have to go all the way to chinatown anymore! The food is delicious, we got shrimp dumpling, shumai, lotus leaf, xiao long bao, fried taro cake. Everything taste good but the the frind taro cake is exceptionally good so I would recommend to try that! The price is good too and I heard they have happy hour for dimsum so we probably going to come back for that!
Really fresh dumplings, awesomely friendly staff, and a casual but nice atmosphere where you won't feel rushed. Had a great lunch experience.
Pretty good for a dim sum place in the heart of Manhattan. 流沙包 is particularly good. The three of us finished nine of them! Slightly pricy comparison no to Flushing though!
I ordered based on reviews. Waited 1 hour for delivery. I paid, tipped 15% and found ZERO SOY SAUCE in my bag???? Really? Dim sum, no soy?When I called and told them no soy they said we are very busy with customers. Hello. I WAS a customer. You screwed up, didn't own, basically told me to F off. Beware. Check your bag or request they do their job. Or be busy yourself with other restaurants that can deliver fully.
Surprised to find a good dimsum place in Midtown.  Went there pre-Broadway show and was craving for dimsum dishes, happy to find this place.  They are made fresh, I love the tray of condiments: soy sauce, chili sauce and ginger bits.  Love the place.
We absolutely loved this place. It's great that we don't have to go all the way down to Chinatown to have amazing Dim Sum. The scallion pancake is delicious and the pork and crab dumplings are little dough wrapped packets of heaven!
Cozy place close to the shows and our hotel. Got take-out of different varieties of potstickers and one chicken dish. Woman was very helpful and invited us to sit at the bar with s glass of water while we waited. Wish we had ordered more food, everything was delicious.
Food was average but way overpriced. We said we didn't want tea, but she insisted on bringing it saying we "might" want it later, and then charged us $4 per person for it. Def would not come back.
Excellent food! Dumplings were tasty and I'd definitely come back again if I lived in the area.
Mediocre and expensive, bad ambiance, $8 for a pot of tea to myself....pass on this place, I'll stick to Chinatown.
Great find for a closer dim sum place in Hell's Kitchen. All the food was delicious and fresh unlike other dim sum places.
Dim sum was amazing! Atmosphere was interesting. Very bright and lots of activity. Would recommend!
First time, had the BBQ Pork Bun and Pork and chive dumpling. I arrived at Happy Hour so it was 1/2 price in Dim-sum and drink. Wife and son had chicken Lo Mein and we all thought better than home town Chinese food. Wife wants to go back... We only have one more night in city though.
Came here on a Sunday morning. We were sat immediately and the menu was clearly explained. We made our selections and waited for the dishes to show up. We did order a duck dumplings and shrimp showed up in its place. Didn't complain because it was just as good as our server said it was. One dish did not show up but we were so full that we let them know. They took it off our receipt, and apologized for overlooking it. If I lived in NYC, I'd be there all the time. It was clean and really good.
The delivery experience was quite good, twice in on week. The food was also very good. We tried a mix of items from Dim Sum to Lo Mein and all of it very good.
I took my dad, a newcomer to dim sum, here for the first time. They had a decent selection of dishes, which allowed us to try a lot of different things.
Everything they brought out was delicious and the staff was very courteous and attentive and the restroom was very clean.  They were out of a few items on the dim sum special menu but everything they did have was very good.  I was with my vegan friend and there were surprisingly many options for her on the dim sum menu as well.  I didn't order anything off their regular menu, but if you order just off the special dim sum menu, you can have a very delicious well-priced meal (for New York City).
Unexpectedly awesome. The value of this place is in the freshness and quality of food. We couldn't believe believe how fresh the food was, and the price a very pleasant surprise. Hard to find something this good only minutes from Times Square.
If you want to enjoy a great dim sum at noon or at midnight, can't go wrong with this new restaurant  a few blocks away from Times Square. Small restaurant, friendly staff and amazing dim sum open all day til 2am.
Had dimsum and fish broth bowl..food was delicious. Will come back again for sure!! Recommend for dimsum and good Chinese food. Nice ambience
went to see a show last Wed afternoon.  Initially we wanted to try out another place for lunch on 46th street,btw 8th and 9th ave.  But the place was closed.  So we decided to try this place which we just passed by.  We were pleasantly surprised.  They serve authentic dim sum and Cantonese noodle dishes.  We deliberately ordered something we don't usually find in other Chinese places.  We had House Special seafood chow twin mei fun, pineapple cheese wonton, and chou zhou dumpling with pork and peanut.  All were well done with the right flavor and texture.  The quality is really up to HK standard. My only complain is the portion is a little small...but also a HK standard for fine dinning. LOL
Great menu and selection. The sampler is a good choice to taste lots of different choices before ordering more.  Good service too.
The pork buns and shuanghai juicy pork buns are the best I have ever had.  Sorry SF you need to come try this place.  Being from the west coast I am used to good Dim Sum and I am so happy this place is a 5 blocks from my home.
The delivery was fast and the food was hot when it arrived. We got the chicken lo mein and general tso chicken for lunch. Both were delicious and I'd definitely order from there again.
For those who want dim sum without going all the way to Chinatown, this is the answer.  The dim sum is probably a little more than it would be in Chinatown but you save all the time it it would take to get to Chinatown as well as the cab or subway fare.  The shrimp dumpling had huge shrimp in it. All the dim sum was good and cooked after you order it so it is fresh and hot.  Better yet it is served all day and the server told us it is half of during their health hour.  The other food looked good as well.  Definitely worth a return visit to try other items.  Service was outstanding.
Freakin' delicious!  We had seven orders of varied dumplings, all of which were amazing!  The staff was very helpful, and the dining room was clean, as was the restroom. We loved it, ad our post theatre meal.  Yum!
The food is good. Pricey. Wonton soup $7!!! Definitely worth it during happy hour dim sum.
Worst place ever! It took 20 minutes for the server to come and even acknowledge us while we were seated at a table. They did not ask what drinks we wanted or give us the drinks first. The food finally came like 20 minutes after ordering and they forgot the drinks so the guy comes along and gives it to us. Turns out we didn't even get 2 things that we ordered!!! The guy took off the charge for the other 2 things that we didn't get. But smh this place is absolutely horrible!!!!
Best dim sum restaurant in manhattan. The menu options might be fewer than the ones in china town, but the taste is the best. Very authentic!
The food is exceptional and the bartender Wee was great. My girlfriend and I had 4 dim sum and an entree. Price was reasonable for the location. Will definitely be back the next time if i crave quality chinese food.
We ordered six different types of dim sum for the three of us.  All were great; we especially liked the steamed pork, BBQ pork buns and seafood shu Mai.  Nice atmosphere and not full of tourists considering its proximity to Times Square.  Great place for an inexpensive dinner.
Very good place for dim sum lovers near Times area. The resteraunt is clean and we were nicely served. The flavor is decent. We tried several dim sums and we all loved them. Btw it is not expensive one comparing neighbourhood food places. Highly recommend!
Not good at all .  Food is just ok, way overpriced & nothing special . Service gets worse with each visit - it took 3 people to make a vodka/soda . Staff & managers run around like chickens without a head .  They nickel & dime on everything ; $16 for chicken & no rice unless you order for extra ? I tried to discuss the issues with a manager being that I've been at least 6 times , he closed the door in my face .  Great way to "care" about your business .
Saw good Yelp reviews and decided to try this place before theater. As soon as we saw the line for tables we knew we had made the right choice. Really delicious dim sum. Will definitely come back!
Better than Beijing!  Chicken in black bean sauce is A-mazimg! DIMSUM deliciousness.  Must go when in town!
Great dim sum in Hells Kitchen. Will definitely be making this a regular, reminiscent of childhood weekends with my family.
The dimsums were undercooked and so sticky. They had a very limited number of vegetarian options. And they forgot the main course ! After we ate our appetisers they came to us wondering what we were waiting for. Wen we said we were waiting on our mains, that is when they punched it in. They didn't even bring us larger plates for the mains and were not apologetic about this. They seemed very complacent and resulted in a poor experience given the food was average at best.
Delicious food! Lots of options for vegetarians as well! Loved their Lo mein and dim sums
We went to Dim Sum Palace for a lite meal before the theatre so got there at 6:15pm.  Service is very slow and we got our all our food after asking for it several times.  The Dim Sum Tasty Menu was fair.  It all kind of tasted the same and was just kind of  blobs.  The chicken wth honey ginger sause was ok with the sauce on the side.  Next time we'll try one of the Thai places on 9th Avenue.
Very good, we did a mix of dim sum and noodles, all very tasty.
They have a small but solid selection of dim sum available all day. The dim sum is really good and you're not gonna find a better dim sum place in Midtown. It's a little pricier than Chinatown but you can still get a full meal for less than 20$. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 star review is because I waited close to an hour for the dim sum to appear on the table, but I chalk that down to them being a new restaurant. The service is also really good (something you won't find in Chinatown).
Zero rating.  Awful experience.  Overpriced to begin with (3 dumplings in most orders) but service today has ensured that I will never order again.  My order took over an hour and fifteen minutes to arrive and when it did, it was incomplete.  We asked for a refund given the ridiculous delay and were told that only the one item that was delayed would be refunded and delivered separately.  After hearing from Seamless, the restaurant called back and was extremely rude to me, telling me that I was unreasonable and that I exaggerated the time.  They felt it was only appropriate to comp the item that was coming separately and became belligerent when I told them I didn't agree.  Needless to say, almost two and a half hours after my initial order, I have yet to receive the missing item and I obviously don't expect to.  I am sure the guy cancelled the redelivery after determining we would never do business together.  Extremely unprofessional.
Pinch me....I think I actually found a decent Dim Sum place in NYC. I have finally woken up from my 6 year dream of finding a decent Chinese restaurant in the city. They also deliver! But probably not to my area...sighPrice is my only gripe for the dim sum, but I get it, this place is smack down near time square, they gotta survive somehow.You can choose to eat at the bar or grab a table. The bar was pretty nice to be at except you may feel a little breeze when the door opens during the cold winter. Dim Sum Items:1) Shumai-Definitely cannot go wrong with this dish. Just don't think it is worth over $1 per shumai, but they were delicious and juicy.2) Soup dumplings -These were probably they only thing that I didn't like as much.-They where thicker than I normally like it, but still broke easily.-There are minimal soup inside as well and only came with 6 pieces.3) Chicken feet-The best I've had in New York. Super fresh and made perfect to my liking. The sauce was sweet and complimented well. -I was able to nibble the skin off easily, which was a plus!4) Spare ribs -This was the most worth it out of the dishes I had. -They gave a lot and the meat came easily off the bone.Lunch Special:1) Chow fun- On point! I didn't expect it to taste almost as good as back in California. -They used the right noodles (medium thickness) with a good mix of beef and veggies.I love how they also bring a sauce dish out for you with out needing to ask. They also have these cute little piggy salt and pepper shakers!Overall, the service was actually decent for an Asian restaurant. The workers communicated well with each other especially when you ask for something. I liked how we were asked how we were doing and if we needed anything else. My only concern is that the servers seem overwhelmed and constantly in a rush to deliver the food to the customers because they are so busy that they don't stop to let customers through. I actually bumped into a server coming out of the kitchen because they rushed into me when I was in the squeezing through a tight space of customers coming at me. With such a tight space they should pay a little more attention of the foot traffic.
Really good dim sum. Everything tasted freshly made. We didn't have to wait long when we got there. All the dishes came out fast and we really filled our stomaches up. This place is different because you write down what you want instead of them bringing a cart full of dim sum. We ordered the typical dishes such as har gow, shu mai, pork ribs, bbq pork buns, shrimp rolls... nothing was bad that we tried on the menu.
Was in the area for a late lunch and decided to stop in as we saw a line for this place.  A small new restaurant near the West side near the theater district.  Surprisingly the food was really good. We had a short wait of about 15mins and got seated.  We ordered the jasmine tea and some assorted dim sum and regular dishes.  Everything came out fresh and hot.  The staff were very accommodating and nice.  I'd come back again if I'm in the area.  It's nice to have this as an option on the West side.I'd recommend not bring strollers in here if you don't have to.  It's quiet small and saw a lot of parents struggling with them.  They usually left them near the entrance of the door as there was no room to place them next to their tables.
For Dim Sum in Midtown, this place is decent. It is a little more expensive than Chinatown, and there aren't as many selections. But, it you don't have time to make the trek downtown, then this will do. The restaurant is a bit small, but there is additional seating in the back. Because it's small, you don't get the experience of the carts going around like you would in Chinatown, so you just have to pick what you want by checking them off of the list. The pictures definitely help to know what you should order. At dim sum restaurants, I like a lot of the dumplings and shu mais. My favorites were the pork soup dumplings and the chicken shu mai. I really like that they have soup dumplings here. However, they had mistakenly given us the chicken dumplings rather than chicken shu mai, and we had to wait a while for them to give us the right dish. The other thing is that the service was okay. Our first server didn't really pay much attention to us except to ask what we wanted to drink/order and check how much tip we left. We had to ask the server at the other table to give us the proper dish when the incorrect one was brought out to us and he was the one who kept checking on us, apologized for the wait, and gave us our check when we asked for one.
This place is a rip off, never been to such expensive dim sum place with poor decor, if it's a fancy restaurant I might be able to understand but it's not and more than triple the price compare to China town.The food is not authentic from a Chinese prospective. It's very Americanized.
Came here with friends around 4:30 PM. The dim sum was really legit and the service was great. The prices are reasonable and I would definitely come back again.
We came here at 11AM, right when they opened and were seated immediately. Many items were not available during this time, which was disappointing. Fortunately, the things that that were available were tasty! I liked their xiao long bao and chicken feet! Their shumai and har gow were good, as well. The price per plate was high, though... The service was fast and the workers were very friendly!
I don't understand why everyone loves this place. It's so crappy. They gave us water 20minutes AFTER our food came out. On top of that, my sister asked why the soup dumpling was so hard on top and the dude answered "we cook it halfway. That's how we do it". I was about to slap the dude so hard that it woulda shook the Great Wall. Every other dim sum place has it cooked all the way and it's like actually a soup dumpling. This is some tourist attraction place. Apart from terrible service and one bad food item, the other food was pretty good. I got the veggie dumplings and it was good, so go vegan. Hehe.
Came here on a Monday for lunch. There wasn't much of a crowd which means no wait. When you sit down you're greeted with the actual menu, and a dim sum menu that has a picture of everything they serve (super helpful). The picture menu is used to order dim sum so you just mark off with a pen how many orders of each thing you want. Dim Sum Palace is a little different from your traditional dim sum restaurant. The food comes out hot out of the steamer and is made to order. They don't wheel food around on carts like your traditional dim sum place but I think its because of the restaurant layout. Don't let this stray you though, the food came out excellent and real hot.As far as what I ordered? What didn't I order? We came in a party of 3 and were really hungry. My chinese vocabulary isn't the greatest so I can't exactly tell you what I ordered but the pictures were a tremendous help.
My friend and I were visiting from San Francisco and wanted to try dim sum in New York. However, we were disappointed by Dim Sum Palace - the dim sum is below average and the prices outrageously expensive. The menu is VERY limited in comparison to most restaurants - a majority of the items are dumplings! We ended up just ordering the shiu mai, turnip cake, wonton in chili oil, chiu chou dumpling, and shrimp noodle rolls. A LOT of things were off: - In every Chinese restaurant, the waiter CUTS the shrimp noodle rolls and turnip cake with scissors as soon as they are served. Instead, we had to eat huge chunks of these foods or portion them with our chopsticks!- The turnip cake was slightly burnt. I've never, ever eaten burnt turnip cake at any restaurant. Not even my mom burns them. Also, it is not usually eaten with hoisin, like it was served here. - The chiu chou dumplings were the SMALLEST chiu chou dumplings I have ever witnessed. And they didn't even taste like them either! Usually there is the delectable crunch and taste of whole peanuts, celery, meat, etc. But at this restaurant, I just remember the taste and confusion of carrots. - The wontons were only filled with meat. Is that even a wonton anymore? These are usually my friend's favorite dish, but even she didn't want to eat them. - The shiu mai and shrimp noodle rolls were below average. These are the quintessential items in any Chinese dim sum, so they should always at least be average. - The food is extremely pricey. The shrimp noodle rolls cost an outrageous $6!! Our meal came out to be $40 + tip. This is only for 5 items and tea!- The restaurant charged us $8 for TEA. Usually, it should only cost $1-2. The tea was also below average quality. We ordered gook po, what I have had with my dim sum for over a decade - here, it was very watered down (and no, it's not because we didn't steep it long enough.) Overall, the dim sum here is below average and I am very disappointed.
Not the absolute best food I've ever had, but it was fast, cheap, filling, and pretty solid in terms of flavor and quality.The restaurant looks tiny from the outside, but is very spacious and nicely decorated on the inside. You order dim sum by checking boxes on a large menu with pictures. Most are between $4-6, and have around 3-4 pieces. We tried a variety, including the shu mai, soup dumplings, barbecue pork buns, shredded duck dumplings, and veggie spring rolls. We also ordered the lo mein with pork (entree size, $13). The dim sum was served with a variety of sauces - vinegar, ginger, soy sauce, and red chili. Highlights were the shu mai and pork buns. The soup dumplings weren't great - the soup was too oily and there wasn't enough of it. The dumpling itself was too thick, as well. The lo mein was okay but nothing special.The service was friendly and seamless. Total bill came to around $15/pp for a filling, tasty dinner. Would probably return if I found myself in the area and craving dim sum again.Note: They also have some cool prix fixe options - a dim sum dinner with 12 pieces, and a Peking Duck dinner ($30/pp) with dim sum appetizers and dessert.
Good dim sum, a little shaky I have to admit, but definitely not a bad place to crash into for food. Service was great, waiters all very nice but not all speak English (which they accomodate very easily btw). I had a dish of sweet and sour fish which was interesting but really fatty (my fault I had to expect the extreme sauce and fried fish) but enjoyable if in need of strong flavor and overload of carbs. Funny cause I was trying to order something light.
I had one of the WORST experiences here in my life. OVER PRICED FOOD/ SERVED EXPIRED ITEMS TO MY FAMILY / GOT YELLED AT PUBLICLY OUTSIDE FOR NOT TIPPING $30!!! I WANT THE WORLD TO SEE HOW UNREASONABLE THEY ARE AND THAT ITS NOT ALRIGHT TO TREAT CUSTOMERS THIS WAY. I feel as if I am the one to be blamed for persuading my family members (all 15 of us) to come eat here. I saw their reviews and thought it was an okay place to eat.. but I was wrong. FOODUnlike many Chinese places I have been to, their items were crazy OVERPRICED for the low quality of noodles/fried rice/meats they served. Many of heir items cost more than $15 for a cheap old dish of noodles, what the hell?? I wanted to leave after seeing how unreasonably the price was. AND IT WAS NOT EVEN GOOD. **they served us expired food and I feel as if they gave us trash from others leftovers**RUDE SERVICE When you come to eat at a restaurant, you want to be treated with dignity and respect. But this place is no where near that. My large party of 15 (including young kids) were on our way out after eating and then the manger comes at us YELLING at us for not tipping $30?? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? He's over here screaming like a little baby about not receiving $10 more than what we gave him in the broad daylight outside of the place. First of all, this is unprofessional and extremely degrading to us. Tipping is not something that we owe you, tipping is something you EARN. Obviously, we were not happy with the food or service and therefore, they didn't get a good tip. But running after my family and harassing us in the street is WAY BEYOND CROSSING THE LINE. I can go on and on about how humiliating it was for us to stand there listening to the manager yell at us like we are some kind of child. In the end, we gave them their money they RUDELY demanded. But even with the money in his hand, he still continued to go on and on about how he felt about our presence. I can't explain how hurtful the manger/worker was to us, and I will never forget this. In the end, I want to publicly warn people not to support such arrogant/money hungry people that own this place,  based on my horrible experience here.
So amazing, not only the dim sum but the entrees as well. I reccomend to get the shrimp and seafood dim sum as well as, general tso chicken. I cant wait to come back!
The best dim sum and the most traditional Chinese restaurant in Manhattan, very HongKong Style. You don't need to go to HongKong to have nice dim sum. Seriously!! And the staffs are super nice. Love this place!!! Will order or eat in when I feel like dim sum for 100% sure!!!!
Fantastic place just blocks from Times Square on a restaurant street. The prices, food and service were all great! Looking at other reviews saying the prices are outrageous - it's the middle of manhattan in NYC, it's not like you went to Flushing to get your food...First, the dim sum options are awesome! There are quite a few dumpling options and typical dim-sum offerings such as egg tarts, turnip cakes, and rice rolls. Everything we ordered was unique, flavorful, and clearly freshly prepared (not frozen and reheated).The service was great as well. The lady owner (I think she was the owner at least) asked us if we enjoyed our food, how we found out about the restaurant and told us to come back again. She was very personable and obviously cared for what we thought about the restaurant. The food also came out very quickly, and not all at once (hate when dim sum places do that because the steamers get cold).
Love, Love, Love this place.  So delicious. So many options.  So many dumplings!  It's in the perfect location- so close to the theaters and time square but far enough away from the tourist traps that it isn't mobbed.  The food is amazing.  ESPECIALLY the juicy porch dumplings. The broth in these sachets of beautiful pork doughy dumpling is amazing. Just amazing.  We got a sampling of the dim sum dumplings - everything was good.  Order a bunch of things and go to town.  The garlic fried spare ribs- WOWZER.I recommend ordering things in stages.  We ordered everything at once and it was an avalanche of delicious food that could have been spaced out better on our part.We didn't really like the dim sum sampler- the dumplings were kinda gooey.  This isn't a bad thing, just not the consistency I prefer.  The pineapple and cheese dessert wontons are yummy too!
What a wonderful place to eat, this place has so many very pleasant employees it's hard to single out just one, the food is fantastic. Wonderful Chase huge variety nothing is wrong with their menu. Will return here next trip to New York.
Another inexpensive gem in the theatre district.   We ordered lots of choices.  The pork bun was my favorite.  Don't order the fruit plate.  Also the atmosphere was weird.  They played late 90s and early 2000s girl rock songs (Think Spice Girls).
My friend and I came here on a Friday afternoon for happy hour. The space was cozy and didn't feel overcrowded with the large groups who filed in after us. The staff was very welcoming and graciously answered all our questions about the menu. Cocktails were tasty, but the dimsum was even better. Recommend the scallion pancakes, duck springrolls, crab shumai, and seafood dumplings... we ordered another one with more veggies, but I dont remember the name. Anyways, it was all good! Go and enjoy!
Food was very good. I don't have a ton of dim sum experience, but this place definitely hit the spot. The spicy shredded pork was great. Service was slow, but would go back in a heartbeat.
In my time in New York I've instittued one rule, to never eat at the same place twice. For the most part I've adhered to that rule and been very good on it, I mean there are just so many different places to go and try. This place is one of the few that I've ever broken that rule for.The restaurant itself is very nice, definitely smaller but not cramped by any means. As the name implies, the dim sum is the star of the show! Anyone in Midtown, if you're reading this you don't need to go all the way out to Flushing or down to Canal to get decent dim sum, it's right in your own neighborhood! I'm a har gaw and shumai type of guy, and this place didn't disappoint! Great ratio of shrimp to dumpling for the hargaw, and I really liked the amount of shrimp and mushroom for the shumai was very well balanced. I got the Singapore Mei Fun was awesome too, so spicy and well flavored! For my second trip I got the chow fun, which was great as well, very oily and tasteful, but the mei fun is definitely the better between the two.If you're maligned in the touristy section of Time Square and can't tell what to trust in this area, take a trip one avenue over and check this place out!
I absolutely loved this place, the garlic chicken I got was so crispy and tasteful! The noddle's were so juicy as well. I would definitely come again when I'm in town :)
No complaints at all-I love that this place is much closer than China Town for good DimSum and Chinese cuisine. The service was really good, but a lot of the workers don't seem to speak English as a first language (they still speak well enough to take your order and answer your questions though). The food was fantastic. My boyfriend and I split the baby Bok Choy and beef lo mein and 2 of their dimsum soup dumplings. I don't think they were actually soup dumplings but, they were kinda soupy inside so I just kept calling them that. If they were actually soup dumplings, they're a bit on the drier side than most other places I've had, not a complaint, just an observation. All in all the food was cooked really well and had a good amount of flavor too, not too oily or salty like a lot of Chinese places can be. Definitely will be back again in the future.
Best Dim Sum I've ever had. Service at little Asian restaurants in NYC can suck and it wouldn't matter to me, but service here was pretty good... staff were all attentive and friendly. I grew up in California so have had lots of Dim Sum. Also all over Atlanta area. This place, theirs was a notch or two above anything else I've ever had. You order off a check list (that had nice pictures btw), and they being it to you as oppose to the traditional way of carting selections around. Very clean place as well (especially for an Asian joint in NYC at least haha). Can't think of anything bad about my experience so 5 stars it is!
The location was convenient since I didn't have to go down to Chinatown, but I don't think I would go back here. The food was decent and everything you'd expect from a normal chinese food/dim sum place.The servers were a bit rude though. They sort of almost tossed our dishes on the table. They also had loud personal conversations in the dining area while clearing tables.
I was able to get a decent Dim Sum fix on a weekday evening. It's walking distance from time square so no need to trek all the way to chinatown.I'm not sure if they do the traditional Dim Sum carts but for me, since it was dinnertime, we were given a card to check off for the things we wanted. Now the options weren't as big as the ones in chinatown but I was able to eat almost everything I was craving.Also ordered a few noodle and rice dishes. Carb overload! Everything was good.
The food was delicious. There is a large selection. The tea was very good. The service was OK.  The prices are fair.
You wouldn't know it from the looks of this place, but this is probably actually the best dim sum I've had in the states. Our party stumbled in on accident because our flight got in at 11 and this place was one of the only places still open close to our airbnb, but man, did we get lucky. Everything we ordered was amazing -- sesame balls, soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, coconut jelly, and the shumai (and I usually don't even like shumai that much!). Everything is served fresh and hot, even at midnight (when we came in). It's a sit down order and they don't have as much variety as other dim sum places, but the stuff they do make is extremely high quality. Actually ended up my favorite meal of the entire trip!It's a little on the pricey side, but I mean, it's New York.
This is the place to go if you're looking for dimsum in the area. The food is authentic and the prices just a little bit more than Chinatown. We tried shrimp stuffed tofu, soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and seafood dumplings.The tofu was really tender and flavored by the seafood, but I wish there was a little more stuffing in it. The dumplings all tasted pretty fresh, but the soup dumpling skin was a little thick. There's better dimsum in Chinatown, but this one is authentic and decent for the area.
Delivery from Dim Sum Palace is so inconsistent --great some days, mangled and soggy on others (SEE PICTURE). I've had issues in the past, which were promptly resolved by management, but they really just need to make sure that food leaving the kitchen is presentable at all times.
This is a nice restaurant with cheap prices. We are two and spent 45 dollars including gratuity. All waitresses and waiters speak English, Cantonese and Mandarin. The Coconut pudding was a fantastic dessert ! We ordered five Dim Sum and the dessert, which were enough for two persons. The only drawback was that they do not have many seats. The spaces were so limited and we had to sit very close to the other table next to us.
Everything we ordered was delicious. Nice staff, short wait, clean restrooms. Highly recommend!
I came to Dim Sum Palace a few weeks ago when it first opened up. I did not discount the review based on the fact that they just opened up and were still working on the efficiency of the kitchen as they were overwhelmed. Regardless though - the manager and waiter profusely apologized for any delay and checked to see if we received our food during our wait. Otherwise - i came here with a party of 4 and we ordered dimsum dishes. Dim sum menu is not as extensive as the ones you will find in Chinatown/Flushing/Elmhurst but it offers the main ones that you would want to order. All of them were pretty good. I tried probably 11-12 of them and they all came out hot and fresh!One down vote is that the pictures on the menu don't line up with the items that came out at all. For example, I ordered a fried tofu with shrimp and other seasonings on it just like the pictures had shown. However, the item came out as a steamed egg tofu with shrimp and no other seasoning. They did apologize for the confusion and said that the menu was wrong. No additional compensation was given also which i didn't mind because i liked teh dish either way. The restaurant is clean and the waiters all speak English. Note: The tea costs money. Also, the money Also - you order by marking off items on a menu and handing it to the waiter. If a 2nd round is needed, the waiter will come by with a another checklist menu to order. The prices are higher than your typical dimsum place but for the tradeoff of better service and cleanliness. I'll take it.
I'm so happy this place has opened up in Hell's Kitchen. There's a dearth of good Cantonese/dim sum places in midtown, so Dim Sum Palace is a very welcome addition. The place is new, so they're still ironing out some service/delivery issues, but my husband and I didn't have a problem when we dined there over the weekend. No wait around 11:30AM, and our waitstaff was very attentive. We ordered a couple classic dim sum dishes: sticky rice, char siu bao (BBQ pork buns), shumai, and har gau (shrimp dumplings), as well as a tofu + salty fish + chicken casserole (one of my favorite dishes). Everything was really fresh and we didn't wait long for any of our dishes. They serve dim sum all day, everyday, so I'm looking forward to returning on weekdays to get my fix. And there's late night congee for $2!Prices are a little higher than Chinatown, but that's to be expected given the location and quality. I'm definitely looking forward to coming back!
This review is exclusively for delivery only.Food is average, okay to soothe a craving when you don't feel like leaving midtown and Chinatown seems too far away.  My disappointment was that the ha-gow wasn't made with fresh sick. FYI  Ha gow tastes way better when fresh shrimp is used. Everything else we ordered was okay.
Overall - Disappointed as this is my first visit to a dim sum location and this place is rated so highly.Food - Food comes out as it is ready not all at once which is good.  Ordered 7 items to share, 3 were great, 2 were good and 2 were bad.  The Shu Mai, Sticky rice w/pork, and Shanghai juicy pork buns were great.  The shrimp dumpling and shredded roast duck were good.  The crispy garlic spare ribs and the coconut cake were simply bad.  The spare ribs were literally just fried bones, there was little to no meat on them and they were salty.  The coconut cake was not a cake, it was actually a custard or more accurately like a coconut jello.  Also it did not come out as displayed on the menu as 3 diamond shaped pieces, it came directly in a disposable plastic round tupperware.Atmosphere - Small space, packed tables to feel cramp, good lighting even though it is below street level.Service - Not a traditional cart service, you have to order all the items.  Hard to communicate with some of the wait staff, I had to speak to 3 different people to get a spoon.
Most of the reviews I've read were for the dim sum but this review is actually for their "Special Peking Duck Dinner" @ $31.95 per person.  The menu consisted of the below:~ choice of soup (hot & sour or chicken corn);  for an additional $8 supplement, you can also choose the special duck soup with tofu.  We skipped this option and asked to take our duck bones home instead.  There is still a lot of duck on the bones, so great to eat alone or make soup!  If you ask, they will gladly pack your bones to go.~ one dim sum appetizer (chef's choice)~ 1/2 peking duck (equivalent to 5 "sandwiches") for one person or, for two people: 1/2 pecking duck to share plus one entrée from a list of entrees to share.  There were 12 of us dining, and we all chose the 1/2 peking duck for each person (no entrees).   ~ one dim sum dessert (chef's choice)All in all, this was a great dinner!  Probably not the BEST duck I've ever had, but it was pretty good.  The duck was nice and crispy, and not fatty at all.  The buns were a little thicker than I like and very filling, so I found myself leaving some of the buns uneaten.  We were a large group of 12 and they gave us a variety of dim sum choices to share instead of everyone getting the same individual dim sum - variety is the spice of life!  So nice of them to do this for us without even asking!  Ditto for the dessert:  usually you only get one kind of dessert, but we each got two different desserts. Niceeee!! We dined in the back room, which was decorated very nicely and was a little quieter than the rest of the restaurant.  Nice atmosphere, great service!  The waiters were extremely nice & friendly, efficient and very accommodating.  Would I come back for their peking duck?  Definitely!!  What a nice addition to restaurant row!  :)
more of a 4.5, but have to round down because of the rat :P Service 4.5/5 - They weren't that busy, but based on how the servers acted, it seemed like they were the busiest restaurant in the world. But as far as how quick and efficient (and correct) service was, given it was late on a Friday night, I have not too many complaints. They were friendly enough and gave good service.Food 5/5 - Literally everything we ordered here was delicious. It was my favorite meal of our recent weekend trip to New York, and I am still dreaming of it. The soup dumplings were considerably sized and perfectly made - the soup was plentiful and delicious, and the dough tasted so authentic and homemade. The shen-jian-bao were also delicious - so fluffy and perfectly seared on the bottom. The scallion pancakes were perfectly oily and crispy, the shrimp dumplings were fresh and savory, the sesame balls piping hot and perfect crunchiness on the outside, and even the coconut jelly was inhaled after we thought we were so full we couldn't eat anymore. Best part is this place is open late-night, and who doesn't love late-night dim sum? Wish I could eat late night fare like this everywhere.Atmosphere - 3/5 - The space is a little small, and the decor is a little old. It is New York though, so you can't fault it for that. Point off because we were seated in a supremely cramped hallway - wish they just wouldn't put tables there - BUT ALSO because when I opened the entry awning, a huge rat ran across in front of the front door. I've been around my fair share of NY rats, but this one was monstrous. tl;dr - I still gave this place 4 stars even though I saw a huge rat. Probably says something?
Came for dim sum after a day in Central Park. You basically tick off what you Would like to eat off of a pictured menu, and wait while they prepare and bring it to you. This sounds completely inauthentic, however everyone in the restaurant seemed to be Chinese, which is a good sign and a dim sum restaurant. One cute little granny even brought her tea in her own little thermos.The dim sum was good, and piping hot. Only downside are the price (prob $1 more per entree than Chinatown) and that it can take a little while to get the food- you don't get the immediate gratification of the food on your plate an instant after your point at it like you do with the rolling carts.
The dumplings and dipping sauces were awesome. Our party of four sat down fast and the food came out quick.
Do not trust all the good reviews.  This is one of the worst Chinese foods I ever had.   The pictures are deceiving, so do not trust them either.
We had tried a few dimsum places while visiting New York and one being a very large one in Chinatown.  This was our favorite by far! The food was delicious. Everything from the dimsum to the menu items did not disappoint.I'm glad we stumbled across this and decided to give this a try.
My family spent Mardi Gras in New York and we were all looking forward to some tasty Chinese food.  We were not disappointed.  We ordered the dim sum sampler, which was definitely the way to go for us, as we're not very familiar with dim sum.  There was a good variety of flavors and types of ingredients.  Some with seafood, some with  pork or beef and a vegetarian one as well.We also ordered General Tso Chicken and it was the best we've ever had.  Just enough kick, but not too spicy.  It had tons of flavor and the portion size was big enough for us to share.  We also ordered a pork and vegetable dish that we enjoyed , but everyone agreed, that we all loved the General Tso's the most.The service was excellent, also.  Everyone was friendly and our server was happy to help us navigate the dim sum menu.
It's not Tim Ho Wan or Golden Unicorn, but hey, you never have to wait, and if you need a dim sum fix after work, when few dim sum establishments are open, why not? All the staples like shrimp dumplings and siu mai are here. No dan ta or cheong fun, though, among a couple other conspicuous absences that bring this all down a notch. It also doesn't have that fresh and "steaming hot" feeling that cart-based dim sum does, in addition to the wonderful pageantry. Overall, it's Volvo Dim Sum when you don't have travel time to spare for the BMW.
Great dim sum walking distance from Times Square and Hell's Kitchen in New York? Oh, yes, please!Some of the plumpest, freshest, tastiest shrimp dumplings (har gow) I've had in San Francisco, New York, or anyplace else. Delicious traditional and seafood steamed dumplings (shu mai). A scallion/green onion pancake that was light, flaky, flavorful, and not greasy. You get the idea.And to make wonderful dim sum even better: the servers' English is much, much better than my (basically non-existent) Cantonese, so menu questions were answered quickly, courteously, and clearly. Even better? If you can go for a late lunch, there's discounted "happy hour" prices after 3 p.m. on weekdays. Bonus!It's a small-ish place, so no carts or walkie-talkies. Just good dim sum, good service, and decent pricing for the quality of the food -- especially during happy hour. No trip to Chinatown required!
DO NOT GO HERE! I live in the area so my friend from China and I decided to get some dim sum here instead of Chinatown. We saw that there was a happy hour on dim sum at 3PM so we walked in at 2:54pm. The food was not that authentic and tasted as if it was from the day before. They did not honor the happy hour prices because of 6 minutes. Food is not good so just go to Chinatown or Flushing instead
Dim Sum in Hell's Kitchen? I gave it a go since I live nearby and it looked pretty legit. We arrived on Saturday at 11:30am when they had just opened and were seated promptly. The patrons looked to be mostly first gen or second gen Chinese which is a great sign! Unfortunately the place is too small to allow carts to be wheeled around, so they give you a menu to check off your desired items. We ordered about ten dishes to share between four people. There was some good ones like the shrimp rolled in thin rice noodles, but there were some bad ones as well like the dried up xiao long bao that didn't have much soup filling. Overall service was decent and about what you would expect from a bustling dim sum place. The restaurant filled up quickly and by the time we left there was a line out the door. I'd advise coming early if you don't want to wait for a seat on the weekend.This place is worth checking out if you live in the area and don't feel like journeying down to Chinatown. However, be warned that the food is average and the prices are a bit higher (due to the location). Enjoy!
Good food, good service.Visiting New York for a few days. Needed to get my fix on soup dumplings.
I have never had Dim Sum before and this was an awesome place to experience this food for the first time. The staff was very helpful to make recommendations, the atmosphere of the restaurant was very comfortable, and more important....the dumplings were all delicious. You can really tell that everything is made fresh. Overall a fun experience!
Dim Sum Palace was ok, but for me nothing special.Came with a few people and ordered 8-10 items.  Most of the items were competently done, but nothing really stood out and made you say 'Wow'.  It was good enough, mostly.  Service was fast.  In the end, just ok - don't think I'm likely to come back.
Good dim sum and great location right by Times Square. I wasn't as much of a fan of the dim sum sampler - preferred just to order the ones I liked. The shrimp and scallion dumpling was excellent. Shumai was also very good!
Excited as a materialistic kid on Christmas Eve to go here, disappointed as selfsame kid receiving a can of tomato soup or box of Swiffer wipes after having eaten here. The service was brisk and friendly. The trek to the back was like a ferret tube, big and small in parts, but fine enough, as all the waiters leaped out of the way as I twisted my way through. The spareribs were unremarkable, akin to dropping unmarinated chopped bones in batter and frying them for frying's sake. Are we eating at a top Chinese joint or at Maw-Maw's Country Kitschen for reading break? I had to use a combination of four different sauces to approximate seasoning. The homeless guy in the subway who made an elaborate greeting to me had more distinction, a murderous moist mushroom memory. All I remember of the spareribs  was the residual oil that I could stamp on my napkin like a bingo blotter. The fried rice was equally bland, like dating the Ivy Leaguer with good skin and better credentials but finding you keep thinking back to that livelier person who went to community college but laughed like cold water hitting dry lips. The nail on the coffin was when the waiter denied me access to Sriracha. What kind of Asian restaurant offers this weak-ass chili oil flecked with chili skin shards when Sriracha can put the rooster strut in all the weak, wet-feathered food in the world? My dining companion suffered through 45 minutes of an elegy on Sriracha, mourning, loss, and memory.
Tasty food; open late; near Times Square; safe area; small tapas like dishes (but they also have big dishes). They have live seafood!!!
Top dim sum, not a palace! you know it's gonna be good just when you enter the place: seems to be a happening for the NY Chinese community. Well, I ordered too much, but it was so good and the service so quick that I could have ordered even more when I saw what the tables next to me got! A one stop will be in my agenda each time I'll stay in the city. 5 stars food, pretty cheap, good confort resto but not classy.
Deliciously prepared, fresh homemade dim sum!  Wonderful service and selection, especially the vegetarian dishes.Seating on first floor by door is chilly in the winter, for obvious reasons :(
Just okay. It didn't satisfy my craving for good dim sum. They have a 16.75 +4 extra for wine deal on the menu where you get 3 spring rolls a sesame ball and 8 randomly picked dumplings by the chef. Me and my two friends got that. Bad idea, the wine was less than half a glass and was really low quality. Only 1 spring roll was good and 3 of the dumplings I had to spit out, either they just tasted rotten or I didn't like the taste of them. I was still hungry so I ordered the shanghai soup dumplings. They weren't the best I've had or even close but they were better then the random picks we got. If you go I recommend not doing that 12 piece deal and just choosing your own. Also if you like rice balls and bean filling the sesame balls were pretty good.And the strange and distracting thing was that the waiter walked by our table literally, not exaggerating 50 times in 1 hour. He kept pacing back and forth and it was distracting and rude. Its not like we where the only table in there. He kept coming over and just staring. And it's not like he was being attentive doing this, he just kept walking by not even once did he ask us if we were enjoying our selves. He just kept pacing to the wall and would turn around. Any way... Don't waste your time if you want dim sum go to China town or flushing.
This place has the best Thai food!  I got the cachew nut with chicken and a bowl of white rice.  My husband got the shrimp curry dish with a bowl of rice.  We also got spring rolls as appetizers! Everything was simply delicious.  The wait staff was excellent.  Also, they made my favorite drink, gin and tonic, which is the best I have ever had!
I usually have my dim sum fix in San Francisco china town, but I enjoyed this place very much. We got our food delivered but next time I'd like to go for regular dim sum at lunch time !
No exaggeration. Absolutely the best dim sum and sweet and sour pork we have ever had.
Good dim sum place. High quality food. Good service. Recommend!  Great food selection and pleasant people.  Food rocks. Go for it!
Food was delicious! Great dim sum, especially the shu mai. Also enjoyed the kung pow chicken and noodles, and egg yolk for dessert. Overall great dining experience in great location.
Such tasty little buns. Loved the one with peanuts, the crab soup dumplings and the BBQ pork buns. Happened to come during happy hour and all of the dim sum was half price! Whattadeal!!
So, I came with Rochelle T. for dim sum happy hour (half off all the dim sum and drinks - unfortunately they temporarily removed it during the holidays (can't blame them). However, it will be back starting January 3rd we were informed! In the mean time, they stil serve dim sum ALL DAY, which alone is enough of a reason to come by here.Lack of a hh did not deter us, however, from getting a few dim sum dishes. After trying the delicious house tea, we ordered the fried bun, pork and peanut dumpling, shrimp rolls, and shumai. They were all delicious. They came with a small saucer of soy, a chili oil based sauce, and a garlic based one. It was a nice touch instead of just having the bottles on the table  and a wider selection than one might normally get. I think my favorite was the fried bun since it had a really nice mix of pork and greens, a welcomed change from so many places that only serve buns with a single filling.
While staying near Times Square, we were hungry for some dim sum and didn't want to head across town. Thankfully, Yelp steered us to Dim Sum Palace. We ordered seven items and found them all quite tasty and satisfying, plus we were seated in the back room so we had some space and the kids could be comfortably seated. We tried the BBQ pork bun, Shanghai pork bun, and Crabmeat pork bun - all good. We also enjoyed the crispy garlic sparerib, shu mai, shrimp dumpling, and crispy green tea rice ball.
Fast and delicious soup dumplings. We wanted to try something new and cheap on our last night in NYC. This really hit the spot. First time having soup dumplings so I won't weigh in on the comparative quality, but they were delicious.
I will likely be back here because New York City finally has a reasonably priced dim sum place that's not all the way in Chinatown! The dim sum here is made to order instead of on your regular carts. In addition, don't expect all the typical dim sum dishes since they only make a limited amount of dim sum dishes. Here were some of the plates I got:Spring rolls - the shrimp (thai style) spring rolls were really good! They're tiny and thin but the flavors were there. Shrimp ha kar - flavor was good, but the skin was extremely stickyPork noodle rolls - these aren't on the menu, but we overheard another table order it and realize they do make it! I do recommend this dish, the flavors were good! Pork Shu mai - meh. It was good, but not the best thing.
We ordered the congee and soup dumplings. The congee itself was delicious and very flavorful. However, the soup dumplings had very little soup and the dumpling skin was very thick so it wasn't the best. It is also very convenient cause my friend and I ate there at 1am and it was still open!
This place has become my favorite dim sum restaurant in New York. I live in the neighborhood. It's close to home and the quality of the dim sum is great! I particularly love their dim sum happy hour from 3 to 6pm. All dim sum and drinks are 50% off and no lines. I come here every week to have a dim sum fix. One thing is: Avoid Sunday if you can! The line is long and the food is made to order so it usually takes a long time.  I love their seafood shu Mai. Other note is they only offer rice fun roll on Sunday and their dim sum menu is still quite limited.
I usually do not review take-away places; they are what they are, sometimes pleasant surprises, sometimes disappointments; however I feel moved to express more than disappointment, actually something close to disgust, in this place's Szechuan beef. Of course, for the price, nobody expects fillet, but there are limits as to which pieces of the animal can be served, and this beef took the cookie; it was completely inedible, pieces the butcher would give you for free to feed the dogs. I cannot comment on a anything else, and the many reviews indicate that the dim sum may be good; however, if I have one piece of advice to customers, it is: stay away from the beef!
My husband and I came here after a show and came here to eat. We love Chinese food and their Chinese is the best since we've been in NYC. I cannot say enough nice things about their service. They are so friendly!! Made our trip worth it.
A dim sum restaurant that's not located in Chinatown, so you get to bypass the long wait. Dim sum is decent, service at a Chinese restaurant always leave a bit to be wanting, but that's nothing new. It seems that there are a few dim sum dishes that aren't on the English menu, so just be aware in case you find their menu lacking. They do have the dishes, you just need to know what they are! A bit more pricey than Chinatown but to avoid the wait, it may be worth it.
A bit overpriced, but I still really loved it! First exposure to NYC dim sum, and I really liked their Mushroom Dumpling and Crispy Green Tea items!
The dim sum here is one of the best in Manhattan, Chinatown included (take this from someone who grew up eating dim sum in Hong Kong). I would say they are on par with some of the best places in Flushing (Royal Queen comes to mind), but I haven't reached a verdict on that yet. Their selection is not as great as some of the dim sum parlors in Chinatown, but they make each dish to order and everything always tastes fresh. You definitely can't go wrong with the shrimp dumplings, peashoot dumplings, mushroom dumplings (pretty much every type of dumpling!), thousand year egg congee and lotus leaf-wrapped sticky rice. Their coconut jelly and steamed bun desserts are also very good. There can be a short wait on the weekends (what place worth going in NYC doesn't?), but their turnaround time is fast enough that the wait is usually pretty reasonable. The only complaint I have is that their dim sum wasn't as fresh on a weekday night that we went and one of their chef's special chicken casseroles (not on the yelp menu, for some reason) was made up of pieces with mostly bone instead of meat. These complaints notwithstanding, I would still go most weekends for the dim sum if I could! One last data point: my three-year old son gobbles up all his food by himself whenever we come here - any place that can make a toddler eat by himself without any struggle (and ask for more) should automatically get 5 stars!
I happened to be in the area with a friend for an event and walked in. We opted for their dim sum happy hour special, which was a limited menu of drinks and dim sum for half price. Pretty good deal. Especially for what we ordered.Ordering style is you check off of a menu and hand it to the wait staff when ready. Ordered 12 different items including shumai, soup dumplings(some were dry), scallion pancakes, steamed/pan fried buns, and egg rolls.Food came out faster than we expected and I felt a little rushed as we had to eat just to make room. Price came out to a little over $50. Not a bad deal considering all that we ordered.I would come back if I were in the area again.
This was a unique dim sum experience. It is a small restaurant with lots of seating but not really any room for the dim sum carts to go around. Instead, you order those items from a nice paper menu that has photos of each item. They come out very hot and fresh since they are made after ordering. We didn't order any of the big dishes, just a bunch of small plates which were really good. Service was great too, but they seemed confused sometimes about whether they already served you what you order, so make sure you keep up with those numbers if you ordered a whole lot like we did.
My faithful eating companion and I were staying in midtown Manhattan for a day. DimSum is always a choice when we go away. Of course, what better place to be then in NYC and Chinatown.  Unfortunately, we were leaving late that afternoon and didn't really have time to go downtown.   I did a Yelp search and came up with this place which was located in the theatre district. It's a very unassuming restaurant.   There are steps leading down into the restaurant. The restaurant is an L shape with tables in the front snd then a longer hall leading to additional tables and the kitchen. The decor is rather drab but you don't eat the decor. There are paper menus on the table with pictures of the various Dim Sum offerings including the pricing. You order by checking the boxes on the sheet. There is a pretty good selection with some noted exceptions that we have had at other Dim Sum places. Nonetheless, what they offered was delicious.  We had several shrimp or shrimp combination dumplings. They were nice sized dumplings with sufficient filling. We also had scallions pancakes which are a staple for us. When we had finished our meal I thought there was s mistake with the bill because it was so reasonable especially for Manhattan.  We will definitely be repeat offenders for Dim Sum P
Okay.. where do I start? Hmm.. well service is okay... is it the best. no, is it absolutely awful no... on par of a normal restaurant in NYC.  Wait time.. okay.. we got served pretty quickly. Décor ?  not much to speak about.. you come in eat and leave.. really nothing to look at. However from a cost perspective and food quality perspective, these two areas where I have to give below average to poor marks. From a dim sum perspective, you are better off taking a trip to flushing or downtown Manhattan in Chinatown and getting your Dim Sum fix there. Why do I say that? Here are three reasons:1) We ordered the Roast Pork Bun and 2 of the 3 was lukewarm. seriously???  for people who had it before and know the product, steam roast pork buns needs to be served piping hot. Not sure what happen there but it was an epic fail IMO2) We ordered the Fried Taro/Carrot Cake and guess what? couldn't even taste the taro/carrot bits in the cake. All I tasted was a lot of dough ... a lot of dough. Beginning to think we have an apprentice chef in the kitchen making this or worse, it might of been fried right out from a pre-packaged configuration.  3) Finally when we saw our bill, they charged 8 dollar for a small pot of tea ? WTF are you guys thinking here (Most dim sum joints only charge 2-3 dollars at most for a pot of tea)? Are you guys a French restaurant or a pastry café where you can get away with charging that? No.. you guys are a run of mill dim sum restaurant so please don't try to be anything else but that please.. its effing embarrassing.Again, I am trying to wrap my head on why people are giving this place high marks.. I really don't get it. Maybe a lot of folks who eat here are un-iniitated to eating good quality dim sum products but IMO, if you really crave dim sum  (or never had dim sum before) and need a bad fix and do not want to travel for it in the midtown area, I guess you can try this place but if you want  good quality dim sum, would look elsewhere for it.
As a native NYer that now lives in the SF Bay Area, there are some things we live in NY better than in the SF Bay and it's certain regions of Chinese food.  Dim Sum Palace has terrific dim sum.  It's easy to get in the Bay Area but not always as fresh and flavorful.  The demand in the SF Bay to the populations and large families that dim sum (its like Thanksgiving every weekend at the most popular places) keep it good but I could taste the difference here.  And New Yorkers like to have great food but when we eat late like I did, there are elements we look for (at least I do).  Cost is reasonable of course but must be worth the cost.   So we will pay a bit more for the best.  And I am very happy to say they know what they're doing here. I had the fried shrimp (2 orders of them.  They are spectacular) and the spring rolls with pork and the sautéed fresh garlic Chinese broccoli.  Fresh and delicious.  A nice touch is a full bar that makes great old school drinks like a Singapore Sour.  Efficient staff that is friendly and welcoming.  You won't be disappointed.
I ate here and I was happy, which is absolutely astounding for a Chinese joint in Hell's Kitchen.  There are so many places in this hood that serve crappy, low-quality takeout level food that I really didn't walk in here with any kind of realistic expectations.  Honestly, the only reason why I entertained this joint is because of the surprising reviews here.Well, I can say that the dim sum here was not bad.  It was actually good in some instances.  For example the shrimp dumplings were excellent .. the shrimp was fresh and they didn't cheap out on the quality.  The shrimp crepes (a special of that given day) tasted just as good as what you'd get in a Chinatown dim sum joint.  Even the fried shrimp rolls were tasty, albeit overpriced for the quantity.  The Singapore noodles from the lunch menu were where things started drifting to takeout territory.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't anything to write home about.  The noodles were a bit drier than normal and the accompanying hot and sour soup I ordered was somewhat lackluster.  The one thing I would urge you to avoid is the soup dumpling dish.  Soup dumplings are a Shanghainese type of dim sum (and not Cantonese, which this place specializes in, considering the chef is from HK).  As a result the dumplings had all the qualities of the crappy stuff you find in the US and not in Asia ... the skin was tough, the soup was ridiculously greasy and the meat was just not tasty.  So do you yourself a favor and avoid those at all costs.However, the Cantonese dim sum options were delightful and surprisingly satisfying.  I'm glad that if I'm in a pinch, I don't need to haul ass to Chinatown now to get some items that I'm craving for.  Thank goodness for a new Chinese joint in HK that doesn't taste like ass!
Good dim sum without going to China town. I enjoyed the shrimp and duck dumplings. The soup dumplings aren't as juicy as other places, but still good. The menu here is more limited but gets the job done. They don't offer rice noodle rolls. You order off a paper menu instead of the rolling cart. Small but clean inside. Good service. I come because of the happy hour between 3-6 pm. 1/2 off!  No other dim sum options in this area, so I'm happy it's here. Don't expect a big dim sum place, but a place that can satisfy your cravings in the meantime.
Fiendin for some dimsum for dinner but not tryna trek to Chinatown? Dim Sum Palace has you covered!! As the token Asian on my team at work, I felt it was my duty to lead my white comrades to the promised land that is dimsum. I saw that this place had opened recently and it was close to the office, so I figured we'd give it a try.There's a dimsum menu which is made up of predominantly steamed or fried items, as well as a regular a la carte menu (fried rices, seafood, veggies, meats).I ordered the staples: hargow, shumai, XLBs, char siu baos, an an assortment of dumplings. Nothing too crazy - didn't wanna scare away the first timers haha. You can tell this place is definitely catered to Americans because they don't have my beloved chicken feet on the dimsum menu. I was thoroughly pleased to see my coworkers enjoying a piece of my culture!The food was good, albeit pricey, which isn't surprising given the location. Expect to pay around $5 per dim sum plate and $18 for a plate of stir-fried peashoots (wow). A bottle of pinot noir will run you $49. The staff was friendly, which is refreshing for a Chinese restaurant. One of the ladies, Grace, came by at the end of our meal to give all 7 of us 2 pairs of chopsticks (1 wooden, 1 stainless steel) since it was our first time there. So sweet!!TLDR: Unintimidating all day dimsum spot serving up tasty food. You pay a premium for the location and the service. Would recommend for newbies!
Oh wow - I am totally coming back to this place. The service was great! The dim sum was great! The setting was great! The proximity to Times Square is great! Ok ok I think you get the idea. Oh, one more - the hours are great - who gets dim sum at 1 am?'Nuff said - love it and will definitely go back.
Love this place for some great Dim Sum in Times Square Area!  Right in the middle of restaurant row is this tiny little hidden alcove of joy.  The best Pork buns in NYC that I have encountered outside of China Town.  The Shumai offerings are large and more than a mouthful, also a wide selection of dumplings with meat and vegetarian offerings.The only reason I took off the 5th star is because they limited their happy hour... but I wanted to bring that up because they have half price dim sum and beers between the hours of 3-5...which is awesome if you happen to be there at that time...the prices aren't out of control if you cant...but take that as a pro tip!  They also get some bonus love for staying open late most nights.
Just want to thank the guy who picked up the phone when I called for an order that was over an hour late. I didn't give him a hard time, but I wasn't in a very good mood either (it was 9PM!). He apologized profusely, and offered to give me a refund. I didn't believe him until I saw he'd adjusted the charge for my meal to $0.00.Thank you.
Although food was ok, we were appalled by their customer service manners. The waitress brought 3 stacked pots with hot water and steamed dumplings in one hand and another dish in another hand. Luckily my boyfriend noticed her losing her grip and jumped aside as the waitress dropped all the hot water on his seat. All would have landed in his lap should he not noticed it a split second before it happened. We got an evasive "sorry" and that was that. Disappointing.
Stopped in here for a quick bite and was not overly hungry. So had some cold sesame noodles which were kinda tough but also had a dim sum platter which was about 8 different dumplings served in a steam basket. They were all real good and I really liked the three ,little sauces you get with them. Huge menu here and would like to go back and try more. Good service also.
It's not Chinatown, or the high end of dim sum.  It does however fill a void in the Times Square area for something different.  If you travel to London's West End you would think that you are in Asia where street food is King!  I am hoping that the tiny restaurant gems on 9th Avenue will eventually take over the Great White Way.  At Dim Sum Palace the har gal's, and shui mai's are outstanding.  I could leave the bars, and the pan fried noodles.  The fish congee is quite a bargain, and I here that some of the other dishes are worth the premium one pays outside of Chinatown.  The sticky rice was also a real treat.  Is this the coming of street food on Broadway?  Perhaps not, but I think most dim sum fans will not be disappointed!
This was such a gem - fast service, reasonable prices, great dim sum! We went right at 1030am on a Sunday morning and the place was empty... but it was full by 1040am, so go early if you don't want to wait. Rather than carts, you select items on a picture menu and they bring them to your table. Would definitely recommended and go again!
Come in just for porridge on a rainy day. Very good. Will probably come back to try other things.
DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU HAVE FOOD RESTRICTIONS OR ALLERGIES. Flew in to NYC tonight and needed to feed my kid who is severely allergic to dairy and eggs and mildly allergic to wheat. When I say severely allergic, I mean she can't even touch egg.  Asian food is usually a good bet so we went to this place because it was highly rated. I ordered the beef chow fun and confirmed with the waitress that there was no egg in the dish.  After she took the rest of the order, I confirmed a SECOND time that there was no egg and she said there wasn't. My kid was ravenous but took two bites and stopped eating. Chow fun is one of her favorite meals so I knew something was wrong. Her lips started to swell and then complained that her legs were really itchy and I saw that her thighs were covered in hives. I dug through her noodles and thought I found egg. I called over a waiter and he confirmed that the dish has egg in it. I immediately ran out with her to find the nearest drug store to get her meds before I needed to stab her with her epi pen or call 911.  I just shouted at my husband that we'd find him later since he had to get my toddler.  What really makes me angrier still is that they charged us for it!  My husband paid the bill after we ran out and they charged us for the egg dish. I paid for them to almost kill my child.
Not a big fan of Chinese food, but my daughter insisted we come here. The food was awesome. I would highly recommend this place. I would come here again.
I came here with a friend before seeing Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812. We tried a small selection of their Dim Sum offerings and we thought everything was fantastic! Some items are really hot (especially the green tea dessert) but the impeccable tastes completely made up for the initial scalding. We were seated right away and given our choice of seating area. We sat in the hallway that the servers use so there was a lot of hustling and bustling around but it really didn't affect our experience. They had no problem adding items to our order when we decided we were still hungry for dessert. I'm so glad there is quality Dim Sum available as pre-theater dinner!
My friend and I had dinner here and they serve dim sum at night, which was a delight! We love dim sum and the Chinese dishes were a pleasant surprise as well. It is in the middle of 46th street near Times Square, so we assumed it'd be a tourist restaurant. Our waiter grace was super friendly. The price was reasonable for the location. I will be coming by with a bigger group very shortly and hopefully our dim sum experience will be similar. It took about 20 minutes for our food to come out but it's totally worth it :)
It was a chilly windy day so Chinese and dumplings sounded just about perfect. Ordered the duck wonton soup which was delicious - great flavor and a perfect appetizer size. Also ordered the pork dumplings which were a bit doughy the flavor was good but they seemed like they weren't quite cooked properly and were a bit heavy. The pork and chive dumpling was a miss altogether - very heavy and the chives didn't seem to go with the pork.  Relatively busy for a mid afternoon.  Service was good up until I needed the bill and that took a bit. Had high hopes for this place but the dumplings were just ok and with so many other places to eat in NYC I would try somewhere else for my Chinese fix the next time.
My wife and I took my inlaws here on their last visit to the city. We were looking for something near the theater district because they were going to see a show, and my father in law is a big fan of dim sum and Chinese cuisine. I was very pleasantly surprised. Living in Queens, we usually venture out to Flushing for all things dim sum- and I was a bit skeptical given the neighborhood that this would be a more commercial than authentic experience, but I can happily say I was wrong.The servers were very friendly and attentive, many frequent refills on the tea. The menu is gigantic, which in some restaurants is a red flag- that they are doing too much- but here everything was really amazing quality. We started with 6 or 7 dim sum dishes, each delicious in their own, and for very reasonable prices. The dim sum menu alone is enough to keep one occupied with dozens of options, but in addition we ordered some noodles to share and a crispy chicken with honey ginger sauce- which was a full half chicken roasted to perfection. Crispy delicious skin but some of the juiciest and most flavorful meat I've ever had. We fed a family of 4 with a few round of drinks and come up with a very reasonable bill just over $100. This is a great location for a date or for a large group. As I mentioned, I usually go to Flushing for an authentic Chinese dinner, but I'll be coming back to 46th street next time I have a craving. Looking forward to experiencing this one again.
Went there last night, the location keeps this place going.  The place is sparce as is the atmosphere.  The dim sum was heated up with microwave as it all came out in minutes and all at the same time. Fresh Dim Sum is steamed and takes rime to prepare. This was heated dim sum. Mediocre at best!  I can understand the big prices because of the excellent location but the taste of the food brought the whole experience down.  I know and  cherish my regular place pn Pell Street in Chinatown with the carts passing the dim sum as they come and go.  I hope they will stay in buisness because the staff is trying hard to make this new place work but with food like this I'm not sure they can.  My suggestion is to sevrve traditional dim sum in the carts at certain times and in off hours heat up the food but not ny microwave.  The food was not great.
I've tried many a dim sum establishment in NYC, DC, San Francisco etc. and this might be one of my favorite dim sum places yet. Usually the best dim sum places are kind of unsanitary looking so it was a nice change to see a classy place that also has good food. We ordered the sticky rice with pork, shredded duck dumplings, duck taro cakes, shrimp dumplings, and a lunch order of the garlic beef with a side of fried rice and hot and sour soup. The duck taro cakes were so good. I had never had anything like them. All of the dim sum dishes were amazing but the taro cakes are what I would come back for. The garlic beef was just ok. More of a basic Chinese restaurant dish in a typical greasy sauce. My mistake for ordering a basic Chinese lunch special at a dim sum restaurant.
Happy hour from 4 to 6 was on point. 3. 50 or so for each plate.Order as restaurant style, there are no carts here. Good service, each dish comes out as its made. Would go back for happy hour.
Once again, where is the 6 star rating!! Dim Sum Palace is THE BEST DIM SUM IN NYC!!!
The price was fine and it was an easy walk from Time's Square.  Service was friendly.  I just wasn't overly impressed with the food.  That's not to say it was bad, but I've had better Shanghai Dumplings.   I'd go here again simply because it is close to work, but this is not a place to make a special trip to eat at.
We were in NY and we wanted to stop by and get something quick to eat, to my surprise this isn't a traditional Dim Sum place with the push carts, so you actually sit and order the food and wait for it to come. I guess normal Chinese restaurant then? Anyways, the food tasted fine, nothing out of the ordinary and the menu was set up like a traditional Chinese restaurant. You know basic Chinese food...not what I was expecting. The prices per dish was a lot more expensive than if you were to travel a little further and go to Chinatown. Dim sum dishes ran from $5-10 per plate (little food) and the normal dishes range from $15-$30. Service was alright, but they barely come to the table to check on you. We didn't get drinks until 10-15 minutes after we got seated. So basically, if you have a lot of time to spare and a flexible budget, this isn't too shabby of a place to go, but personally I'd go to Chinatown if you want better authentic food.
We were hungry and went here based on Yelp reviews.  When we got to the place, it said "Re-Grand Opening", I hate that...makes me think something happened.  When we walked in, it was mostly Asians, so I thought cool!  Maybe this place is good. Anyway, we got the BBQ pork buns, which were really good!  I'm usually not a fan of those bc they will me up fast. Unfortunately, the rest of the dim sum was meh!  Not so good.  We got the fried taro with pork!  I thought the pork would be inside the fried tofu, but it wasn't.  There was a few shredded pieces on the dish.  We got another dumpling which had taro inside, it was awful. We did get the salt and pepper fried pork chops, and fried soft shell crab. These dishes were good and flavorful, except I wish the batter wasn't so thick.  Oh well, my 8yr old ate it, so that was a relief! Would I recommend this place, probably not.  Unless you are desperate for dim sum, and Chinatown is too far for you.
My friend and I were pleased with the service and the quality of the food here. Although we did come in during prime dinner time on a weekend, we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. The host was anxious to get us seated, so checked on us repeatedly to make sure we knew that they knew we were waiting.Shanghai fried rice: Simple and basic fried rice with only eggs and scallions. Delicious and perfectly seasoned, but not sure if it's a dish worth ordering in a restaurant when you can cook it at home. It is a dish you cannot go wrong with though.Shrimp & Pork Shumai and Shrimp Dumpling: Must-gets at any dim sum restaurant. Satisfyingly good, but nothing special. They both taste the same anywhere you go honestly. Again, can't go wrong with these options.Steamed Spare Ribs: I would consider this an acquired taste. The flavor was peculiar in the sense that I wasn't sure if it was good or bad. It was the type of flavor where you're not sure if you like it or not as you're eating it. Slightly bordering on bitter, but not a turn off. You try it and decide for yourself.Sticky Rice with Pork in lotus leaf: Rice was sticky and chewy the way I like it. The seasoning was perfect and the flavor was obvious and delicious (although it just tastes like soy sauce). Often times this dish can be bland and tasteless, but it was done well here. Recommended.Overall, good first time experience. Did not like the layout of the restaurant, but that's the least of my concern.
Excellent dim sum place! Food is fresh and service is good and reliable. Fair price, great deals on happy hours from 3 to 5. Their Peking duck is delecious.
Great location. Average food. I am super super disappointed at the porridge (pork with thousand-year-old egg). It was literally just a bowl of porridge with 2-3 pieces of minced pork and 2-3 drops of thousand-year-old egg. The other food was good. I liked the creamy bun (sweet, yellow filling) and the tofu with shrimp.I was surprised to find out that the tea is not free. We were charged $8 for that (even though the waitress told us it was on the house)
I ordered beef chow fun with spicy sour soup and chicken feet. Beef chow fun was so so so oily! And the chef didn't even put an salt! YES, NO SALT! The soup and chicken feet was okay.
Extremely solid Dim Sum! Was a bit skeptical because it's Time Square area but was pleasantly surprised that EVERYTHING we had (and we had ALOT) was very good. Can't recommend this place enough. Even the soup dumplings, which I don't really expect to be good at a dim sum place, we're good. I'd give them a 4.75 if I could, only reason it's not a 5 is because I have had better versions of many of the dishes, at some point. O and the tea was 8$ dollars, which is kinda chincey, but ndb overall, generally fair priced.
Hidden on restaurant row in a Tourist area - but still in Hell's kitchen, you no longer need to go to Chinatown, Flushing, or Queens for Dim Sum. It's new so it's clean (clean Chinese bathrooms!). Pros:1) Dim Sum Happy Hour, 3-6pm (50% off All Dim Sum and Drinks)2) The Dim Sum is made in-house and the chef is actually from RedEgg in Chinatown3) Mostly Cantonese fair, but there would be some random Chinese-American and Mandarin stuff on the Menu. Honestly, don't do it. But, I do like myself some Sweet n Sour fried Chicken from time to time.4) The staff can speak English well, Cantonese, and some Mandarin.5) There is online ordering/delivery. But I think there might be a few kinks right now. 6) Service is very nice. It's a little less Chinatown/rude mannerism and they clearly care a little more. Don't expect the Ritz service though.They are probably slightly understaffed if it is busy.7) They will take reservations, but only 2 large tables for Dim Sum on the weekends. 8) Love the sauces for dim sum and try the (ginger/scallion combo is legit)Cons:1) No Carts, but it's almost better this way. 2) Small bar, no drafts on Tap. Only 4 types of Beer and sometimes they sell out.3) You obviously pay more than Chinatown ($5 per an item vs. $2 but go during HH and honestly - it's just less of a hassle to get in/out of Chinatown when you are out of work or in the area)4) The pictures don't always match the items!!! For example, the green pea shoots wrap dumpling is not green! And the spicy shrimp doesn't look the same.5) Variety is low, but there is still a lot to choose from. Mostly dumplings, you are don't going to get like tofu pudding, chicken feet, or any of those things here. 6) No outdoor seating. I love trying to sit outside on restaurant row. They should really figure out how to get a few chairs/tables outside. 7) Chinese people here charge for tea!! And personally, I need tea at every meal - but it's good tea. So whatever. 8) Get a Beijing Mule. 9) They deliver up until 70th!! I like just missed it damn it!Now, on to the DIm Sum:1) Shrimp Haw Gao - get this2) I really appreciate that there are 3 different types of Shu Mai (Pork/Shrimp Combo, just Chicken, and Seafood Combo).3) There is a Dim Sum Platter Combo Sample (get this during HH!). This is like whatever the Chef decides to serve you - but there is an all vegetarian combo too! If you don't eat pork, no problem! If you don't eat shrimp- well that kind of suxs for you. 4) I did not like the Taro/Pork dumpling (too chewy)5) Love anything with Shrimp, Chives, and they had a Peashoot/Shrimp one tooPeople are cool, food is good, Dim Sum all day, and it's in a convenient here. If you want that authentic experience- you go to Chinatown. But if you want a clean bathroom with some in-house made Dim Sum and like a few cocktails with good people - this is a great place to check out. My Cantonese heritage would be proud.
This place is fairly new, I can tell. They lack variety of dim-sums. Maybe I'm spoiled by my usual dimsum places I go to. Dumplings: har-gow was lacking flavor. Shu-mie, accidentally got the chix one. Did not like it. Lotus leaf sticky rice...just alright. Charshui bao  (steamed roast pork bun) is not what I use to in authentic dim sum places. But if to satisfy dim sum cravings...this place would do.What is good is the beef chow fun...very tasty. The fired-up-wok-action-taste! The place is nice but need more ventilation. Sitting there, it's quite smoky. We went out smelling like the kitchen.  Whenever I'm in NY, I would order chow fun anywhere (wide rice noodles..like fettuccini). It's something about the chow fun in NY..so good!I would try this place again whenever I'm by the area for a visit. However, I would order from the kitchen stir- fry stuffs instead. Until they have more choices (no shurgne fun)..i might not order dimsum here.
Lively restaurant with good amount of seats and a small bar to drink to your satisfaction this Dim Sum restaurant isn't your typical dim sum restaurant you will find in Chinatown. This restaurant is an ALL DAY DIM SUM restaurant FRESHLY made and they have other amazing chinese dishes as well..I decided to come to this restaurant because a friend recommended it to me. Apparently, the dim sum there isn't like the ones in chinatown where it's already cooked and left in the heated carts. They actually cook the dim sum so when it comes out it has a nice steam to it. They give you a large paper, which has all the dim sums on it and you write how many you want. I order regular dimsum such as sui mai and shrimp dumplings and their famous dishes they made themselves such as pineapple cheese dumping (most popular dish) and seafood peashoot dumpling. And let me tell you! When it comes out its steaming smoke and the presentation of it looks amazing! The skins for the shrimp dumpling and seafood peashoot dumpling was soooo soft! The pineapple cheese dumpling was by far the best dim sum dish! When you bite into it it's so crunchy and you can taste the pineapple cheese oozing out it was a bit hot so be careful. Enjoyed my food, customer service was on point and atmosphere is amazing. Def a must go.
A nice hidden jewel, Dim Sum Palace is at the restaurant row in Manhattan and is a perfect place to have Dim Sum without having to run to China Town, very taste and good selection.
Not so bad. Heard it's quite popular in midtown. Can't beat the location. The dishes are fine, no cart running around so not so dim-sum, but the place is nice in general.
My friends & I walked in to grab quick grub after heavy drinking & let's just say that the assorted dim sums and greasy veggies lo mein satisfied our grumbling bellies! Service is fast, efficient and shrimp-chive dumplings was definitely my most favorite.
Good dim sum place!Nothing above average but a decent restaurant to have good steamed appetizers for a good buck. Ideal for a post theater meal like we had last night after seeing an off Broadway show.The place is not super fancy and it looks like a regular Chinese-Asian restaurant but the food is good.We had like 5 dim sum plates including bbq pork Buns, shrimp shumai, seafood and peas dumplings, mushroom dumplings and scallion pancakes. The best was the shumai and seafood dumplings. The rest is good but nothing out of this world.I would recommend it if you are in the area and if you are coming out late at night but not the place you would go out of nowhere specially because it's close to times Square.
This review is for delivery via seamlessOrdered shu mei, chiu chou Dumpling , shrimp dumplings and sesame beefDelicious and on time delivery (per seamless estimate). I was surprised by their variety and everything tasted great!I can't wait to try their casserole dishes. I might goto the actual restaurant instead!Recommend! At least for delivery!
Overpriced and flavorless. Paid $72 before tax/tip for 2 people for a late dim sum lunch. The only good dishes were the snow pea leaves and the scallion pancake, but those are really hard to mess up. Tried 4 different types of dumplings and shumai and all of them lacked flavor. The mixed mushroom dumplings were inedible. Service was also terrible. They didn't bring out any sauces for the scallion pancake or the dumplings and shumai. There wasn't even soy sauce at the table. We had to hail down the waitress twice to remind her to bring some. We were more than halfway done with everything before any sauces ever arrived. The waitress also had to ask us which dishes we were still waiting on - apparently she didn't know what had been brought out or not. This seems to be a common theme since when we arrived, the party next to us was quite vocal about their anger with the service when they berated the waitress for having never brought out several of the dishes they ordered and ended up cancelling them all because they had been waiting quite some time.Can't figure out for the life of me how there are such good reviews for this place. Definitely will not be returning.
I like this place. Had never been there before but we were meeting someone in Times Square area so this was convenient. Overall I would say they are very efficient, the food is on a smaller size in terms of portions, the food quality/taste is fairly good - not amazing. The service is very good. We went there on a Wednesday evening and it was pretty packed. I like that they had Dim Sim in the evenings and you could try many things.
I understand that rents in Manhattan are higher than in Queens. I get that the area Dim Sun Palace is located in is also a higher priced area than can be found downtown. However, it still does not make up for the value of the food. I didn't expect the soup dumplings to be any good but I was in a party of 4 in which 2 have never tried them. I regret letting them order them at this establishment because they are 2.5 star dumplings at best. Additionally, prices for things like scallion pancakes and pan-fried dumplings neither reflected the taste (rather bland) of the items or the quantity. Yes, the price would be worth it if some of the menu items came with 1 or 2 more pieces each.Dim Sum Palace will stay a 3 star establishment in my opinion only because they were open at 12:30am and was fairly close to where my group and I needed to go.  Also, they get the 3 stars from their decent service and attention although there were only 7 other people in the restaurant that evening.
Dim Sum Palace is legitimate!I came in not expecting much - a Dim Sum restaurant in tourist saturated, Theatre District? I'd usually pass but my girlfriend and her sister convinced me to try it for fun.It's very clean and modern. Very friendly service - I felt welcomed as they spoke in their native tongue to test my girlfriend and I (we're Chinese).As for the food: you get what you pay for. It's more expensive but the food is DEFINITELY a step up in quality than the Chinatown/Sunset Park/Flushing restaurants I've been to. I knew it right when the Buddha's Delight dumplings came out that they weren't playing. The skin was extra sticky and had a generous amount of fresh filling. Texture was perfect and I could tell the chef was into his craft. Other dishes (Green Tea balls, etc.) also didn't have as much oil as other places and had noticeably higher quality.We also shared the same sentiment with our entree: HK Pan Fried Noodles. It was fresher and the sauce was much more viscous than the other places. Was definitely into it.Tea was also the perfect complement and closer. Although we were finished with our meal and ready to pay, our waiter took the teapot for a refill as we were waiting for the check (I initially thought he was getting a head start in cleaning). It was a nice touch in hospitality that I noticed and we definitely didn't feel like they were trying to kick us out after our meal.Worth mentioning: Dim Sum Happy Hour is 3-6 and Dim Sum items are half off. You'll be paying the same Chinatown prices but the food will be double the quality! I'll probably be stopping by here again - especially if I'm around for the happy hour.
All these stars are well deserved. Good food at a great price. The only discomfort was the tight seating in the hallway, but forgiven because everything else was pretty awesome.We tried the fried pork dumplings, BBQ buns, mushroom buns, scallion pancakes, sesame balls, and the 8pc dumpling sampler.The mushroom buns were good, but filling was kinda small and extremely piping hot...so careful. The 8 pc sampler also was something I'd pass on next time.The rest, however, was fantastic. The BBQ buns and sesame balls especially stood out as delicious and top quality. Take your time, pick something you want and I doubt you'll be disappointed.
Great service and great food walking distance to the theatre district- don't eat crappy food when you have this gem so close by. Weekday they have happy hour with half priced dimsum and drinks!
the food is average and a little overpriced for its portion. poor service. the waiter doesn't even know how to run credit cards. (he ran on the wrong card and didn't even want to bother fix it). overall not great experiences and don't recommend it.
Decent Chinese food. Nothing to write home about. I ordered the general Tsos and it was nice because it had white meat instead of the usual dark meat which I appreciated greatly. It is also overpriced as a chicken order is 16.95 for a smallish portion. Go to Chinatown instead!Also they charge you for white rice here too! It was two dollars to come with the chicken.
The food was great and tasted very fresh. I ordered the Duck Dumplings and the Beef Lo Mein and they were all very delicious! I would definitely recommend.
After we saw the Book of Mormon we were hungry and found that this place was open super late. I wanted something quick and I didn't want to eat a lot so we stopped by here.This isn't a push cart place. You order what you want and they bring it to you. I would go during happy hour.All I remember was there was a hair in my food! So I quickly spat it out and sent it back. But I have to say that the other food we got was decent. The steamed pork buns were good, the shumai was good, but it wasn't memorable. I could be at home eating this at a Chinese place down the street for half the price.
I came to Dim Sum because I wanted something relatively close to the Central Park area and yet away from the super crowded touristy area. It delivered on so many levels! Though service is a tad bit on the slower side, the food is more than worth it. I certainly will be back!They have happy hour Saturday afternoon (I think starting at 3?) can't be beat!Got the yellow dragon, which is a great margarita alternative. In my first visit, I ordered from the happy hour menus( shrink and spinach dumplin, salt and pepper jumbo shrimp). Soooo Gooood!If you're in the area, give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. I would've added pictures of food, but I devoured my dish before I could go think coherent thoughts. Sorry!
A wonderful surprise in Restaurant Row.  The food was really good and you really can't beat the prices for its location. We tried a few of the dumplings and of course the scallion pancakes and all were excellent.  Service was very good as well. Get there early or you're going to wait, seems everyone know this is the place to go for really good food.Only knock is that a large pot of tea was $8, when all I really wanted was one or two cups to go along with my lunch
while out to watch a broadway play with my sister and mom, i had to look for a restaurant that serves asian cuisine.  chose dimsum palace as it was close to the theater we plan to watch.  fortunate to have been seated immediately as the place was quite full at 11 am on an wednesday.  dimsum was similar to those served in chinatown.  everything was delicious except for the xiao long bao which did not appear newly cooked but just reheated.  aside from that, the place and service were amazing.
This was a perfect place to go after the theater. It was off the Main Street so not as crazy. The dim sum was some of the best I've had outside of Shanghai. We had all shrimp and veggie, the shrimp dumplings and the pan-fried shrimp and chives were our favorites. We also had the mixed seafood with pea shoots for an entree and it was truly delicious. But my favorite thing of the night was the sweet sesame ball. We'll definitely be back.
I've had a lot of dim sum before... from LA, OC, SF, ChiTown, Seattle, and this by far is one of the best Dim Sum spot I've experienced. We came at 10:45 pm after the Lakers vs Knicks game (Lakers won btw); their dim sum still tasted really good and fresh! Bravo!!!
Palace Pleases and they Deliver.It was Chinese New Years and I came upon the Dim Sum Palace as I was walked along West 46th.  Although there is full menu the restaurant wasn't named, Sweet and Sour Pork with Pineapple Palace it was the Dim Sum Palace.  I love dim sum as I really enjoy picking up bite-sized food with chop sticks and devouring it. And I really like selecting my meal form what I see in the rolling carts passing by.  Wake up, you're in Midtown there's no room for carts. Warning: Dim sum straight from the kitchen can be very hot. The service provided at the Palace is what tipped the experience into the 4-star category.  Although not exactly cordial all the staff was very attentive. There is't a lot of time for pleasantries but you don't wait long for anything. At least 4 different staff members brought and cleared plates throughout the meal. Anyone of them would take an order for additional plates and they would get to your table delivered by... somebody else, "Who was that? I don't know, They're gone."  A well oiled machine. Although they move swiftly from table to table you won't feel rushed.  Which makes for a pleasant dining experience. The dim sum was good to excellent, what you would expect from a top tire dim sum restaurant. The stand out for me was the pork or shrimp (had them both) dumplings with chives.  The chives were more than a seasoning they were an additional layer of flavor in these solid pan fried dumplings. The sticky rice was disappointing. You get 2 small portions wrapped in customary lotus leaf. Tasty but only had a 1/4 link of a thin Chinese sausage. I prefer a single large wrapped portion with the sausage plus roast pork and mushrooms. The dim sum from Dim Sum Palace is as good as the very trendy Tim Ho Wan in the East Village where there is a 3 hour wait.  I was at the Palace early and was able to walk right in and get a small table. When I left there was a wait. I will definitely return. The Dim Sum Palace may become a go-to restaurant when planning to see a show in Midtown as the Palace is close to it all.  It was a Saurday Night and I left the Palace satiated. Had time for a drink at Sardi's before walking to the Al Hirschfeld Theatre to see Kinky Boots.
Lucky we visited during happy hour. All dim sum was 50% off.But even with the regular price, they are well worth the money.Attentive staff and.good food.
A good surprise since I wasn't expecting their dim sum to be so good! They have an happy hour in the afternoon which runs from 3 to 6pm during which you can get the dumplings half price. The ones we liked the most are the Pork and chives dumplings
Went in after theater Distracted waiter took order for a simple soup and chow fun. Half an hour later, no food, although diners who came in later already got their dim sum. When reminded, said kitchen is busy.Dim sum about 3x price of elsewhereStay away
I would highly recommend the Pineapple Cheese Wonton and Sweet Egg Yolk Creamy Bun. It's just awesome! The service is fantastic also. The staffs are always polite and friendly. I like this place and I will definitely come back.
Wow! I was in New York with my mom & daughter. The weekend of the super bowl. We stayed at the Westin Hotel in Time Squares. Dim Sum was only a couple of blocks away. We were craving Chinese. I get on Yelp and find this place. The food was incredible! It's a small place, but cozy. The Lo mein noodles are some of the best I've ever had. I would fly to New York to eat here. Five stars for sure!
After a long day, we went to this wonderful Chinese place. The Dim Sum was great! The waiters were very friendly. This is our first time here. Definitely, we will come back!
DELICIOUS! I know my dim sum and this is gooood! My favorites Shrimp roll Pineapple wontons!!Pork buns Egg custard bun - this wasn't runny how I'm used to it but it was still so tasty Go now Stop reading and go You'll thank me it's delicious!!!
Amazing food! Went for dinner, scallion pancakes were the best thing I have ever tasted, bbq pork buns are legit and all the dumplings are so flavorful and delicious! Food came out super fast, definitely will be going back before the end of our trip!
