We made the trek out to Flushing for lunch with relatives recently. Imperial Palace isn't a spot I had been to before (I usually end up staying right near the subway stop), but it is only about a 5-minute walk up Main Street, and with a reservation ahead of time, getting seated was quite easy - but necessary, as the restaurant was quite packed. For a restaurant in Chinatown, I will say the service was definitely more accessible and friendly...perhaps it was because we were with a lot of native Chinese speakers, but they were quick to get us extra plates and napkins, small glasses for our BYO booze, and willing to clear the table so we could take a presentable group photo at the end. Combined with a dining room with relatively low ceilings, it had a very cozy feel to it without the dive atmosphere that can be prevalent at these kinds of spots.The food, though, is the main focus - and it's quite delicious here. There is a definite focus on Cantonese food, and while I am no expert myself, I will say that the crab sticky rice had excellent flavor; the only thing I wish was that there was more crab meat! The glutinous rice was a nice change and reminded me a bit of the rice that comes wrapped in lotus leaves. The other seafood dishes were very good as well, starting with the jellyfish...possibly an acquired taste for some, but I enjoy the crunchy texture quite a bit. The fried lobster is also quite delicious, and even if it comes out a bit hot, they are thoughtful enough to (thankfully) provide a small fork with which to get all the meat out of each piece. I did not each much of it, but the whole fish was also very good as well - and very well-sized to boot. One of the dishes I hadn't had before that I did enjoy a bit was the fried tofu...similar in texture to stinky tofu, but without the rancid (IMO) aroma that accompanies that dish. It tasted a tad fermented, but I really enjoyed eating a good amount of this plate.I don't actually eat Chinese that often, so it is hard for me to measure it on a benchmark, but Imperial Palace (despite the generic name) is an excellent purveyor of Cantonese cuisine. Even with the wealth of options one has out here, it is worth paying a visit to this restaurant.
One of many neat restaurants in Flushing that is worth writing a review for in this age in which Asian restaurants are forced to close with increased rent and competition to keep prices low. The store is locally family owned and many of the customers are local families. It's a shame many restaurants like this are unable to connect with newer generations because of their traditional style.Imperial Palace is authentic with staff that are attentive, welcoming, and like to joke around. Our servers consistently refilled our water cups, checked up on us, and cracked jokes with my family. As do many Chinese restaurants including this one, if you order soup, the servers will scoop it for you. Service is great.When I say this place is authentic, I mean it. Most of the food here is top notch and makes me feel like I'm in Asia. The fried tofu is amazing. They are perfectly crispy on the outside yet soft and silky on the inside. I thought the seafood was OK. Most of the time it is not my thing and this is one of them. However but my parents loved the seafood and the clams. The salt and pepper pork chops were crispy and spicy. They also serve things like sea snails and scallops and whole roasted pigs. My favorite dish is the roasted pork intestines on a bed of sweet and radish, cucumbers, and carrots.I'm a fan.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 2.5/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 2.5/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Strong seafood-focused Cantonese restaurant in Flushing where you could fairly easily end up dropping $30-40 all-in per dinner seat which is on the high end of Chinese restaurants.  The fried rice was done extremely well, though I was actually somewhat disappointed by the rather bland signature dungeness crab/sticky rice dish.  Definitely above-average overall.
I guess it is really hard for Chinese cooks to mess up with sticky rices and seafood, so whatever combination came out of it must also be authentic. So today our group came to this place just to try out their most renown crab/lobster glutinous rice. They nailed it!Sticky rice itself just had the right level of crunchiness, while maintained the soft texture. It also absorbed the freshness of lobster, so very flavorful. We also shared some vegetable plates and jumbo shrimp, which were also of high quality.The only thing I don't feel quite well about was that our waiter was trying to sell us the gigantic crab, priced at 40 dollar per pound (so for an average 6-pound crab, it was more than 200 bucks). Ok, you gotta let us know the price tag first come on! Not gonna deduct any stars from here, but just would like to remind whoever comes to this place - better be careful on this!!
This use to be my go to place for Dungeness crab with sticky rice. Their shrimp with walnuts and salt and pepper squid were really good too. Like, 4* good, but I went recently for lunch and something changed...for the worse. Their portions are smaller, the prices are higher, and the quality was poor. I was really disappointed because their food use to be really good! I don't think I'll be returning.
Came here to celebrate my dad's birthday. Had to make reservations for the 6 of us and had to preorder the giant king crab a day in advance!We ordered deep fried pig skin, deep fried scallops with black pepper, 1/2 cripsy chicken, steamed Chinese broccoli, steamed oysters and the GIANT king crab. The giant king crab was cooked three different ways: stir fried ginger and scallions, steamed egg with the crabs 'head' and stir fried rice noodles with the legs.The steamed egg was delicious. A little salty for me but I ate it with rice and it balanced out. (I'm not big on salt).Everything else were delicious and HD the right balance.I would definitely recommend this place and have lunch or dinner there again.
Superb Cantonese cuisine, my favorite Cantonese restaurant in Flushing. You know it's legit Canto food when they absolutely nail everything seafood! My favorite dish is the crab with sticky rice. The rice is quickly stirred fried in oil before fully steamed in the crab shells. The rice is incredibly fragrant as it absorbs all of the flavor of crabs. My second favorite dish is the stirred fried clams: in addition to being extremely succulent and flavorful, they are some of the meatiest clams that I've ever had. Finally, another must try is the clay pot rice. I like mine with Chinese sausage and dried duck, both complement the rice soaked in flavored soy sauce.There are plenty of other dishes that I enjoyed trying here. Their quality of food and service is top notch by Flushing standards, making this an all-around spot for all kinds of occasions.
I come here often for family gatherings. Do get the Peking pork chops, fried flounder, lobster with ginger and scallions. All very well made and consistent every time Pass on the jelly fish and the dungeness crab with sticky rice. I find the crab dish to be expensive with not that much crabmeat, too much of the rice wine taste and wayyy too oily, not worth it
A solid 3.5.Everything was pretty solid with the main attraction being the dungeness crab gluttonous(sticky) rice. It was $45...not sure if its a fair price or not since im never the one paying the bill when i eat at this chinese seafood places.Dungeness Crab Gluttonous Rice: Pretty good. Id prob get again or try the lobster. Its pretty much exactly what I thought it would taste like. Keep in mind the rice isnt as sticky as say the sticky rice in dimsum but it was sticky enough. Pretty good portion of crab. Not mega amazing as everyone makes it out to be but definitely good.All the other dishes pretty much taste like normal authentic chinese food. I would say totally solid and i think the prices are pretty much on par.Overall, I dont think id go out of my way to come back but if i was in the area id totally try the lobster version of the gluttonous rice.
I love everything about this place.  I looked up Yelp for Chinese restaurants or anything else similar, and I got lucky I came across this one.  The food is always perfectly cooked, and the services are adequate.
Because 0 star is not possible... The first bite of the food made me vomit... Stay away from this place and get to ANY OTHER Chinese restaurant
Came here for the infamous crab and sticky rice...came out fullMy friend had call to confirm the price for crab and was told 25...25 is a steal you know! so of course...were definitely going to get it.We got here around 10 (I know...late) and I asked for the price for the crab again...the server said 45.  I said I was told it was only 25 and he said you must have heard wrong...25 and 45 in canto is pretty far off...I assured the man...and we kinda bicker..whatever...i'll take it for 45 and that's all we ordered.  We're looking for a decent priced meal...not luxury!we got our order and it was HUGE!! I seriously thought we were going to get jipped but apparently not!  Lot of rice for sure and you get the whole crab. Head and all.The rice isn't what I would really called sticky rice...more like tossed in oil and garlic and some seasoning but not quite sticky as im used to.  Not very flavorful either..but they do give you soy sauce and sambal hot sauce.  The soy sauce is mixed with thai chilies...so be careful it is spicy but I enjoyed it and it worked to my bland rice.  The crab was well cooked but man...just a pain in the ass to eat and you barely get any...again...thank goodness for the soy sauce.Ther service was okay...I had better...and yes I know its a Chinese restaurant.The food...again...im certain I had better...its not memorable to me and no thanks...wont be coming back
Flavor of food is inconsistent. Been to the restaurant at least twenty times. At best dishes were cooked correctly. Take out section, no system, long waits.
Crab sticky rice was sooo good. The fried flounder was also not too salty and oily. I want to go back to try the frog sticky rice and the lobster sticky rice. Extra tip: my family likes the Chinese grocery store, I think it's called Super HK Market, right across the street from this restaurant.
Never come again.when we order fish he said maybe 30 but finally it is 65. Server just take dishes and tea to us And this is the restaurant which I first time to force you to pay 15% for a 100 dollar order when I give 10% for two of us.从来没见过两个人吃饭点100多， 就端了菜和茶给10%还要回来说一定要给15%。而且一个65鱼烧成这个味道我也是服了。
all dishes were very tasty except special rice dish was not worth the wait. thumbs up go to shrimps with lobster sauce, and very fresh chicken with nuts.
The food was good, but I thought it was weird when the waiter brought over a glass for himself so he could have some of our wine. Who does that??
3 stars at best. Maybe because we came a bit late to the restaurant. We arrived at 9pm and they close at 11pm. But still .... In the industry of service this place was blah.First off who throws the wet naps at everyone. Like we aren't playing catch here nor dodge ball. Just place them on the table and let us get them ourselves if you don't want to hand them out that bad.Next when we ordered certain dishes... The waiter kept trying to get us to order the note expensive dishes. We asked for crab... He said you should get the lobster. Like no bro... We wanted crab... And when we asked the price difference it was like 50$ more. We ordered the fried duck... And it looked as if they only gave us the duck skin. Must have been the most fit Duck in the world. Probably flew around the world 10 times before they caught,killed, and cooked it.Overall the rest of the food was good but I have had better Chinese food with a lot better service.See you never. Peace.
The five star of true authentic Taiwanese cooking. Not greasy and tasty home like cooking!!
Second time this lady screws up my order...I ordered beef with broccoli and she wrote chicken and broccoli Last time i also ran out of time to eat lunch at my job and this time, this lady had the nerve to say that i should listen to what she tells me when i leave, like wtf!?! Really?? Not a sorry?? But that i should listen when you dont listen to my lunch order, screws it up repeatedly and blame it on the kitchen last time and now blaming it on me??Nancy (lady with the curly hair perm), you are ridiculous!! And very unprofessional!!
Likely the best Cantonese restaurant in all of Flushing - oh heck, lets just say New York.  Their signature dungeness crab over sticky rice dish was the icing that took the cake, but our entire meal was one well-executed food delight after another, making New Imperial a gem offering in Queens.I'd been to New Imperial on 3 separate occasions.  The place is always packed; prepare to wait during dinnertime, and lunchtime sees a good crowd as well.  Their peking-style pork chops and jumbo shrimp in mayo with honey walnut is delish, as is Cantonese staples like jellyfish with cold cuts meat platter, fried seafood rolls (tasty suckers), braised scallops and vegetables, braised superior shark's fin soup (politics aside), steamed flounder, sliced abalone with black mushrooms, braised mushroom e-fu noodles, among others - all part of their lunchtime banquet offerings.  The only less than stellar dish was their crispy, salted chicken, which tasted rancid.  The chicken was definitely not fresh.  But a nice refresher was dessert, where they served lychees with toothpicks, and a suh-weeet cup of red bean soup.  This place definitely gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling inside - lack of decor/service notwithstanding.  Ah, stuffed and content is the only way to move (or move slowly) through life.
This review is not on the food. - the food itself is decent, but it's about the scums working in this place.Mind you, my friend just held a birthday party here for his one-year old child.  Had three full tables.  Spent over $1000 that night.  The scums working here stole money / red pockets from the bags of the people in the party as they were cutting birthday cake.One person's bag was open cause she was charging her phone.  She had a red envelop in her bag (from her wedding this past weekend), and it was gone.The mother of the birthday boy's bag was next to this bag with missing red envelop, and two red envelops mysteriously disappeared.  How do we all know it was one of the waiters?  Three people saw a suspicious waiter walking into the bag area, empty handed, and left empty handed, no plates to clean, nothing-nada.  These witnesses didn't say much, because everyone was happily singing birthday song, and awaiting the delicious cake, and this image just left their minds briefly until the day after when people noticed that they lost stuff.So incredible, which kind of scums works in places like this that would steal from a little baby?  A police report will definitely be filed in the flushing precinct. No doubt.- Oh yeah, we also called to speak with the manager, and no, they do not have security cameras.  This place just lost 30 customers for life - and hopefully more for people who is reading this review.
Holy Seafood Batman! This place is great. 6 of us went on a Sat night we were sat quickly. We ordered the pork ribs, the whole steamed fish, the dungeness crab with noddles, the decadent sticky rice with lobster and some veggies. This place is as authentic of Cantonese restaurant as I found. A couple tsingtao beers and you have a great meal!
Still the best Cantonese food in Flushing, by far my favorite restaurant. Must order --Pan fried noodles with beef, salt and pepper squid, peking pork chops, dungeness crab with sticky rice, seafood casserole, seafood rolls, steamed oysters with XO sauce, Chinese broccoli, fried bean curd with shrimp and winter melon soup.Imperial reminds me of East Lake back in the old days which I grew up on. You really just need to appreciate this place. Hipsters please, stay in Williamsburg, you are NOT needed in Flushing, especially here!
Amazing service and delish fresh food. After horrible service up the street (at good kitchen restaurant) we came here to actually get some food and so happy we did. Lunch was great and people who work here very nice. Will return.
One dish: House Special Lamb Chops!  Best I have had.  It is not fried from what I can tell and the flavor is just outstanding.  There are some other great dishes too such as the dungeness crab, but go for the lamb chops.  Exceptional.
Crab Fried rice place - OMG this place has the best Crab Sticky Rice! When you walk in, you will see everyone order this dish. It has dungeoness crab and is served on top of banana leaves with a really good sticky rice. Its market price but came out to about $19. Ordering one is more than enough to eat by itself for two people. Also the watercress soup is very good.They also have another soup that is really expensive and the dumb waiter served it to us without telling us how much it was. "Buddha jump over bridge" Soup. It was good but not 100 good. Lol. But CRAB STICKY RICE OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMG!
I purposely tried this restaurant this past Saturday night because of the reviews. Waited approx 30 minutes for a table. The people both ownership and customers were rude. This place only wants to cater to the neighbor oriental patrons. Felt out of place being American Caucasian. Even the menu caters to the neighborhood. If you like jellyfish and chicken legs then this is the spot. There is no such thing as spare ribs or any usual chinese appetizers offered. The food was average at best! If you want the best chinese food then I suggest you go to Jac Mao in Staten Island...period!!
If you come before 6 pm for dinner, you will get a table. My mom loves this place. We always go for her birthday and mother's day. This is as authentic as you can get for chinese seafood. The price is not crazy. 5 people, 5-6 dishes including lobster, tab is $160 with tax and tip. The portions are huge. The waiters are nice. You feel like you're in Hong Kong or China. The meal is family style. It is a lot of fun to eat here. It is fun watching other people eat and what they ordered. It is a happy place and I will never get tired of celebrating here with my mom and family. Service is fast because it gets crowded and they want people in and out asap. Plus they probably make good tips because they always refill our hot tea and the staff is very attentive.
I came here with my dad and husband, based on other Yelp reviews; my dad has been to China several times and found the food to be delicious and authentic.We had the sweet and sour pork (though it was way more sweet than sour), jumbo shrimp with "fishy" sauce and roasted duck. Everything was fabulous. They serve family style so when we go again I would order two entrees and a vegetable side like the spinach, which I saw on several tables and looked great. I wish they didn't feel like they needed to give us forks as we were perfectly adept at chopsticks. We all ended up eating each others' meals and it turned out great.
My family and I visited this spot for the second time last night.  The first time was a little over three years ago.  Somehow the food was so underwhelming this go-round.  The meal was not too salty, which we appreciated.  The service was solid.  Our server was patient when we were indecisive about what to order.  There was always a server nearby who was attentive to whether we had enough tea or not.  Unfortunately the food left a lot to be desired.  The seafood rolls were crispy, but had no distinct flavor.  We came because we wanted some seafood that we don't prepare for ourselves.  The fillet of "grouper" dish with vegetables was fine, but not memorable; we're still not sure whether we really had grouper since the server kept saying that this was the listing for some picture with the caption "rock fish."  Grouper and rock fish--not the same thing.When the seafood pan fried noodles first came out, we thought the dish looked pretty good.  There was a large heap of mixed seafood.  Unfortunately the noodles were not cooked evenly and the seafood was covered by a slimy, gloppy sauce that just sat there.  We also ordered the house special fried rice and the prawns with mayo and walnuts, both staples at other Chinatown banquet meals I've had.  Unfortunately the prawns were coated so haphazardly with mayo.  The rice was edible, but not flavorful--plus it had raisins, but that's just a personal pet peeve.We had one chicken dish--with cashews.  Decent, but not enough to tip the scales.I may give this place another chance in another few years if it's still around, but for now, there are other spots in the neighborhood that are cheaper and that probably offer some tastier fare.
Being a good Chinese boy, I decided to treat my grandmama and mother out for dinner. Obviously the crab and sticky rice had to be ordered. A very delicious dish. The crab is not actually what makes the dish, but the seasoning, the crab flavor, and the texture of the sticky rice. If I could, I would just order the rice and not bother myself picking at crab meat. Sounds ridiculous, but that's how much I enjoyed the rice.The watercress was pretty standard, but a bit expensive. The sable was really good, but I would order it steamed instead of fried. The sizzling plate seemed enticing, but too oily and did not fit the flavor profile these traditional Chinese ladies.Not the best deal or value you can get out of Flushing, but a good sit down restaurant if you don't want a hole in the wall.
After having gone to many places in Chinatown that were once glorious and now no longer, I'll admit that my hopes around this place were less than stellar.  Not sure if it was that my expectations were low or what not, but either way my dining experience here was excellent.I wouldn't say that I'm any expert on Chinese cuisine, but I am Chinese and I do really enjoy Chinese food.  Anywho, we got to Imperial Palace and it was getting pretty crowded on a Sunday night around 7:00.  However, the wait staff was very friendly to us while we waited and within 10 minutes, we were seated.  The menus were big and there were lots of options, but we had our eyes set on the dungeoness crab sticky rice.  We ordered a few veggie dishes, and a yummy fish dish and I have to say that all were really good.  The ingredients were really fresh and the food wasn't over oiled which often times happens with Chinese Restaurants.  The crab was really plump and delicious and it really flavored the sticky rice well.Flushing is definitely too far to travel on a regular basis but if I had a special occasion with family, I would definitely trek back out here for a dinner!  Yum!
The worst Walnut Shrimp dish I ever had, grease and oil all over the dish, and the breaded shrimp was char grilled black. Also, my first time having unbelievably small oysters which you pay for individually. Usually Chinese Restaurants serve decently large or humongous oysters when charging individually.The casserole (Rice Pot) of Beef and Egg wasn't right either. The rice can serve 3 to 4 people, but the beef and egg can only serve one and half person. The beef was soft, but tasted like plain beef meat with no flavor. Our waiter seemed too tired from working there, and didn't want to bother answering any questions.  He just nodded and shaked his head when I asked. Obviously I didn't have a good meal and won't show up there again.
Stick to the popular stuff. Today we got the "shrimp with pan fried noodles" and it was so bad, nobody wanted to touch it. I absolutely love crispy fried noodles, but this wasn't described as "crispy" and regardless of what it was called, it just wasn't good.The sticky rice part of the dungeness crab sticky rice dish was the best. The dungeness crab itself was okay but not incredibly flavorful. $32 is not a bad price.The crispy seafood rolls are good as well, but that's cuz I love anything with mayo in it. Still need to try the pork chops.
I've only been here for the lunch specials that start every day around 11:30am. Each dish comes with soup and rice. The options available on the menu varied from chicken and broccoli to steamed or fried flounder, of course with a variety of different prices. My family and I had always enjoyed it when we came here for lunch and look forward to trying the famous "crab rice" that everyone else has been talking about.
Visit Date: 03.10.2010My uncle who lives in Flushing took me out to eat at this restaurant for lunch. The food was delicious. We ordered the roasted pigeon, a seafood veggie dish (its signature dish), spinach, lamb chops, and decadent oysters ($3.50 per oyster). I enjoyed the lamb chops the most, as it was moist and tender. The oysters were also tender and tasty.My only complaint is that for food this good, expect to pay at least $15-$25 a person.
I was there last night for my in-law's birthday. I called a night before to reserve a table and asked if they have the Chinese birthday buns, sau bow, and the lady who answered the phone told me yes and the sau bow will be on the house! What a nice birthday gift!!As most of other reviews, I ordered the sticky rice with crab... but kind of disappointed... the rice was not sticky at all because it was too greasy and the rice was on top of the crab, not underneath, which mean the rice didn't absorb the juice from the crab while cooking. To feed 8 adults, I ordered total 8 dishes and 1 soup. Beside the sticky rice with crab, other dishes were okay-good. Their portions were big; we end up wrapping about 1/4 of food home.The services by their waiters were good; one of them saw us spilled a cup of tea on table, he brought us a cloth napkin to cover the wet area; but the manger in the black suit had a poker face all night long. He did something on our table but I forgot what, he pushed my husband instead of telling him to move aside, which gave us a feeling that we were not welcomed.The bill was $200 which is not bad, they gave us 9 sau bow for free, yes 9 instead of 8 because 9 in Chinese mean long, 9 sau bow mean long life. Although the service by the manager was not good, we still given them 20% tips. Almost forgot, we had free fruits and sweet soup too!One thing to mention, they have a rating of C from the health dept... I didn't notice it until the dinner was finished... Well, I didn't have any stomachache and my husband is good, so I guess (wish) they are not that bad/dirty.
this experience is a complete 180 change from the first time i was there.  don't get me wrong, the food was still pretty good, but i found hair in TWO separate dishes in one sitting.  it's nice when the chef gives you a lil something extra, but not when that something is HAIRthat doesn't even happen at the shifty corner chinese take out places.the service was very slow too.  took about 5 minutes to get glasses of water and extra bowls. sorry, but this place is rapidly losing its appeal.  the only reason i would even consider coming back here is to let my friends experience their dungenous crab with sticky ricegit yo sheet together imperial palace, or more exactly, get yo hair outta my foods
After a whole day of eating around Flushing, I was still nonetheless impressed by the dishes at Imperial Palace. We had a simple dinner and only ordered three items: the famous steamed dungeness crab over sticky rice, mapo tofu, and salt & pepper spare rib. Looking back, the latter two dishes were probably not the best items to order at a Cantonese restaurant - mapo tofu is a Sichuan-style dish and salt & pepper spare rib is closer to Shanghainese cuisine. As a result, both of these dishes were "Cantonized" in one way or another. The mapo tofu, in particular, was cooked in a starch based sauce and was not very spicy, despite being very tasty. The salt & pepper spare rib, was light on the pepper and also a bit too greasy for my taste.However, all of my criticisms cannot possibly compare to the deliciousness of the crab rice. Wrapped in lotus leaf and filled with large pieces of fresh crab, the buttery rice struck the perfect balance between earthy and briny. It was an especially nice touch that the cooks packed the rice into the carapace of the crab - its incorporates the rich head fat into the overall dish.So, if you're looking for mind-meltingly good Cantonese food and even some unauthentic but very tasty Chinese cuisine from other regions, visit Imperial Palace and feast! Personally, I know just the crab is enough to bring me back.Yuhe's Suggestions:- If you love fried pork chop but is underwhelmed by just the salt & pepper season, try the Peking style pork chop. - The steamed crab rice is quite big, so treat it as two dishes when you order. - If you like fois gras or uni, the carapace of the crab is easily the best part of the dish. Don't be put off by the color or the idea, it's absolutely delicious.
Dungeonous crab was grt! Need to try more dishes at this place. Just so far from city :(
YUMMYlicious food, GOOD service, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for authentic Chinese food.Food - the food was AMAZING!!  I don't remember exactly the English names of everything we ordered, but we definitely did order the special Crab infused Rice dish that its so infamously known for. Cooked in a steamer with sticky rice, a ton of scallions, and Dungeness Crab, the rice is definitely worth the trip! However, for starters we had chicken feet and seafood soup. It was a bit oily, but tasted great with a plethora of chicken bits, chicken feet, and seafood / mushrooms for all to share. Then the main dishes started coming in. We ordered a crunchy fried tofu with shrimp wrapped in the middle with vegetables (celery, mushrooms, sweet snow peas sauteed in a light white sauce), also had chinese vegetables, a lamb dish, and this amazingly made stir-fried pork dish. The stir-fried pork dish was definitely the best I've ever had at a restaurant! It was tender yet crunchy, but not too crunchy in a sweet and sour kind of sauce... I'm sorry I dont know the name of the dish. Definitely try to get it . I'm generally not a big fan of lamb, but the lamb dish didn't make it taste lamb-y (if that makes sense) and was enjoyable to eat. The vegetables were fresh.  However the showstopper was definitely the CRAB INFUSED RICE DISH! It was a bit of a mess to eat the  crab, but I would highly highly recommend it.  Note: Overall, we had a total of 6 dishes including the crab, and I think the bill came out to around $72, pre tip.Service - My group of 6 people went on a Saturday for lunch around 12:30PM. The place was filled, but not overly packed and visitors were seated very quickly. The service was fast and attentive, the waiters came around and collected dirty plates often, and refilled the hot tea all the time. The place was clean, just like a regular chinese restaurant. Near the end, since it was Chinese New Year earlier in the week, there was a chinese dragon show that was outside that was very entertaining! Usually chinese restaurants at the end of the meal, will provide you with orange slices, or red bean soup, or if the restaurant really doesn't care, fortune cookies. However, this restaurant provided us with a huge plate of lychees and (canned) pineapples! It was delish and a welcome surprise at the end of the meal that I definitely enjoyed. Overall, I highly recommend ordering the Crab rice, because its worth it!! Everything tasted great and I would definitely come back with a group of people, because its very conducive to Group / Family-styled discussions for a good time! Since it's located just off the main street of Flushing, afterwards (if you haven't eaten until your buttons burst) you can quickly walk a few steps down and grab some desserts / pastries from the million pastry stores around the area. :)
crab with sticky rice. Believe me, it is worth the price unless you like to go Dungeness crab fishing frequently as a past time hobby. But let's be real here.It is incredibly savory with its perfectly cooked sticky rice mixed with the sweet, juicy crab meat and its eggs. Sticky rice absorbed the fragrant crab goodness really well and the dish was just fantastic overall. We ordered side of a lamb dish and it was really good as well. Definitely will come back.
This is a no frill restaurant - just straight up solid Cantonese cuisine. Didn't try the infamous dungeness crab and sticky rice dish yet but I enjoyed everything I've eaten so far. Last time, we ordered the clams with black bean sauce (fresh clams with an addicting black bean sauce base), chicken with cashew nuts (chicken so plumpy that it could've been mistaken for scallops with light garlicky gravy) and shrimp mayo (staple dish).  The highlight was definitely the clams with black bean sauce. I NEVER finish my bowl of rice. The sauce was so rich in clam juice and black beans.... I engulfed it in minutes.   We paid over $60 for three dishes and 3 bowls of rice but 2 out of the 3 dishes were seafood. An expensive dinner (just a bit) I'll say when you can get over rice dishes at another establishment for $5. Family style is a true way to eat Chinese food so your best bet is to come with a bunch of people. Our meal ended with complimentary desserts: longan, pineapples, and sweet red bean soup. Can't really complain!I might up my review to 5 stars next time if the dungeness crab and sticky rice is that good.
Hubby and I have been here twice, both times with family so we've ordered a huge variety of food.I think the food here is way overrated... definitely NOT the "best" Cantonese food in NY... are you kidding me?  Have you tried High Pearl lately?  Granted High Pearl prices are a huge kick in the eyeball but their taste is unbeatable.The specialty here is the dungeoness crab steamed with sticky rice and after eating it both times that I was there, I declare it severely BLEH.  No taste, nothing special.  It LOOKS great (and trust me, hubby and I always used to pass the restaurant and drool over it before we ever ate here before) but it does not taste spectacular.  Far from it.Snails, fresh shrimp, lobster, Peking duck, steamed fish... we've tried many, many dishes off their menu.  Nothing that strikes our fancy.I wouldn't come here again.
why haven't I discovered this place sooner?!?!  I'm a little mad at myself that I live so close but haven't been here before yesterday.the crab with sticky rice... the pork chops... oh.... drool~~~~there was a table next to us and they ordered the fresh lobster... a whole fish.... now, they knew how to eat!!bringing my clan the next time we can try out all the other delicious dishes.
My best friend and I wanted to do something different for dinner.  His mom had mentioned a Chinatown in Queens.  Chinatown in Queens, what??  So we researched and went down to Main Street.  It was absolutely pouring outside and dark when we got there.  He stopped someone on the street, and we were pointed toward Imperial Palace.  The place was jammed on this rainy, dark Sunday night.  We decided to look it up on Yelp while we were waiting, and we decided we had to get the sticky rice signature dish.  It was delicious!  The portion was so huge that between that and our other dish, we couldn't finish it all (and the boy can eat)!The food here was delicious and authentic Cantonese, not watered-down American crap.  I'm not being racist here, but it's usually a good thing when you are one of few non-Asians in an Asian restaurant.  Then you know it's good.  I would definitely say it's better to eat here with at least one, if not more people, so that you can share, get a bunch of dishes and a nice sampling, etc.  I can't wait to go  back with  a few people to try a bunch of different things!
This place is good!! I had the walnut shrimp and the Peking pork chops. Everything came just the way I like it-- not too salty, large portions, flavorful, and big cuts of meat and large prawns.This place is very popular. If you decide to come, make sure you avoid the prime dining hours 7:00-7:30, unless you love standing in the cramped waiting area of a Chinese restaurant.
average at best.  egg rolls not great, oily and full of fish scraps.  Duck average at best.  The duck wrappers were gummy and sweet!  would not return.  "C" rating on the door not a good sign either.  certainly not worth the trip; there is a Joe's Shanghai 2 doors away also, betting it's really good
Not your average takeout placeThis place also serves lunch specials which go on till late afternoon. Perfect for a late lunch if you are on a budget. crispy seafood rolls - panko breaded deep fried ooey gooey creamy bits of seafood and veggies inside. Chinese comfort foodCrab with the gelatinous rice - the rice really soaks up the natural crab juice.The crab in the black beanish type sauce is also very deliciousscallops with salt n pepper - large and juicy, might need to use a little hot sauce with this dishLamb chops - salty and tasty, also a little fattyNone of the above is on the lunch menuThis place gets very busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait at least twenty minutes for a table. Once you get seated, don't get upset if the waiters seem to neglect you.
I was between a 3 and 4 on this one. It's definitely the Chinese food I grew up eating on special occasions--mounds of spinach, seafood stew, salt fish fried rice, pan fried flounder. Even though nothing was exactly new, it definitely had a comfort food element about it reminding me of when my family would eat out. It's a great venue to come with a group of people to (more dishes to share family style). We did try to dungeoness sticky rice which was good but didn't blow me away. All in all solid Chinese food, large portions and good service as well.
Great for lunch.  Prices are awesome and portions are more than enough. The food tastes great.  Would've given 5 stars but it lost one because take out is FOREVER. I ordered 3 dishes and it took 40+ minutes to get my food.  They weren't even busy. Other than that it's a great restaurant.
Came here for Mother's Day and my birthday combined with my family.Crab with sticky rice is pretty much a done deal. LOVE LOVE LOVE it all.  We got some other dishes but they paled in comparison and clearly are not as memorable as the crab with sticky rice.Also, it was so packed and with typical Chinese service and spacing, everyone was seated in tight quarters.  Even the people who were waiting to be seated flooded into the dining area and was looming over diners.  Not the fun part.But it's okay, crab with sticky rice makes up for it :)
Excellent, authentic Chinese food. The sauteed snow peas Leaves with dried scallops was so flavorful and tender!  The dungeness crab with sticky rice lived up to its fame, the steamed sea bass was tender, fresh, and immersed in the perfect soy/oil base, and the fried chicken was wonderfully crispy.   Ths fried rice and soft noodles were good but not outstanding. Of course, everything was very greasy but it is Chinatown, after all. Service was very efficient, if a bit on the rushed side.  But the dungeness crab overshadows any fault.
STAY AWAY!!! don't go! we already paid and leaving but stilll have nasty attitude to leave! Perverted waiter too!
We tried this restaurant because we saw some good reviews/recommendations.  We were not impressed.  The food was so-so. Quality/price ratio was below average.  The waiter was unfriendly.  I will not go there again.
Only in the bizarro universe of authentic Chinese food in NYC could light, spotless wood and tasteful chandeliers trigger my Spidey sense. But in the search for the city's Cantonese Holy Grail, sometimes it seems as though the more nicely decorated an establishment, the higher the chance it will prove to be yet another disappointment. By that metric, Imperial Palace's aforementioned cleanliness made me raise my guard immediately. Would front room hygiene again be a harbinger of a Cantonese kitchen's sterility?I was wrong to worry -- it merely demonstrated an attention to detail on the restaurant's part, an attention that extended into the food. Case in point: the seafood pan-fried noodles, the one dish that my current Manhattan favorite, Congee Village, gets markedly wrong. Imperial Palace's version is a bit austere. A couple of pieces of Chinese vegetables provides a splash of color, but the rest is all whitish scallops, squid, and shrimp. But those shrimp, usually indifferently sauteed, are more sensitively cooked than any other Cantonese restaurant's. The squid, too, avoids any whiff of rubberiness. The noodles are finely crisped up, and the sauce ratio is unimpeachable. Just a touch more salt, and it would dethrone Cantoon Garden's as my current fave -- as it is, it already outstrips all other versions available.Finely done too is the steamed flounder, whose standard sauce often overwhelms with sodium and oil. Here the soft flesh of the thin fish is complemented, not dominated, by the sauce, which unlike most other takes, I could probably drink straight. Chinese fried chicken was also perfectly salted and moist.Indeed, the only "disappointment" was the much-heralded Dungeness crabs on sticky rice. Coming in a dramatically huge bamboo steamer, the rice is intensely crab-flavored and pleasantly glutinous. But the flesh of the crabs themselves tasted a little dull, as if their lifeforce had been excessively leeched out into the bed of rice. Still a good dish overall, mind you, but Amazing 66's crabs over twin rice delivers a more exciting and satisfying experience.Every Cantonese restaurant entails compromises. The myriad of places I've mentioned in the course of this review is testament to my belief that no single one can unequivocally claim superiority. But Imperial Palace strikes a lovely balance. And the Chowhounders, whose opinion about Chinese cuisine you should rate higher than mine, adore the place.For me, it doesn't quite knock Congee Village off the pedestal, but it certainly makes the podium. It definitely earns a trip to Flushing just so you can taste for yourself. I'd still wipe down the utensils, though: outside appearances notwithstanding, Chinese food this good simply can't come from a DOH-approved kitchen, you know?Probability of return within 1 year: 50%
I am glad we arrived at 5:30, otherwise we would not have been seated for hours.  I love Flushing, much better then NYC-Chinatown, so we left the city and enjoyed a non touristy experience. There were 5 of us, 4 adults and one child. Our daughter is 5 and adventurous so we ordered what the locals eat. We are the dungeness crab over sticky rice dish as we had read so much about this dish. Taste was on the mark, messy since we did not know how to eat the dish properly. Also ordered the black bean and scallops, strong flavor but very good.By the way, I know sesame chicken is an american dish, this was one of the best I have ever eaten.Great time had by all.
One of the best Cantonese restaurants I've been to in NY if you don't mind bad service, cramp seating and going all the way to Flushing. We had the lobster on sticky rice which was great but people say the crab over sticky rice is even better. We also had the Cantonese steak, sauteed sea bass, pea shoot leaves, all very good. I would come here again for the trek but call ahead and ask for a number before you get there so you don't have to wait as long.
Food was ok but it was too pricy for what it is. Crab with sticky rice was $44 which wasn't worth that much.
Maybe I just don't like non-Westernized Cantonese that much?  Not that Westernized Cantonese is really any great shakes either--but I've been getting into more of the interior Chinese regional cuisines and really digging them, so Imperial Palace was a little underwhelming.We got the dungeness crab with sticky rice because we were white folks visiting for the first time--we're supposed to.  The sticky rice was indeed some tasty glutenous goodness, but the crab was meh.  We also got the bamboo shoots with mixed vegetables, which was essentially a big plate of assorted fungus.  Happily, I like fungus, but I had planned to feed my toddler largely from that dish and had hoped for a little cabbage or something (we did give him all of the peas and baby corn).If we make it back, I'll be trying different dishes next time.  Maybe the periwinkle?
The Crab with Sticky Rice was that good!  We also had pea sprouts and steamed whole fish.  Although eating crab is a lot of work, it was worth the work.  We'll go back for sure!
It was ok.  I found the crab with sticky rice very dry and overrated.  Didn't eat it here but love dungeness crab in black bean sauce.  If i returned I would have to try that.  Everything else was just ok.  I am not a huge fan of Cantonese style Chinese food so for the price, quality is not much better than the tons of fast food options you can find in NYC.
This place earns a 3.5."Is it just me, or is everything overly salty?" Apparently, everything is overly salty, which was agreed upon among my family members. I guess Cantonese people are not used to the saltiness? Anyways, the food here is ok, but I left with my mouth and lips tingling from the high sodium content.The first time we came, we came during a busy week. It was during one of those weeks where Chinese families gather at cemeteries to pay their respects. Every table was filled but we made a reservation so we were good. But the dining experience was extremely rushed. We weren't even finished yet and they gave us the bill. My cousin saw the waitstaff pointing at our table, silently motioning to others, "Get that table the hell out of here. We've got others waiting" type of thing. We complained about this, but I guess we gave them an attitude. That's old school Chinese people for ya. The second time we came was just yesterday. This time we weren't rushed, but the food was just too salty. I mean it's always been salty, but I guess I noticed it more the second time we went. I would say the prices here are decent. That's the only good thing about this place.
Epic meal:Little dish of roasted peanuts: not as savory or addictive as what you get at Fu Run, but still fine to munch on while we browsed menus and sipped beer.Dried scallop and ham soup: very thick and comforting, but maybe a little salty for some. The dried scallops are finely shredded and have a nice satisfying chew to them. There also some slivers of mushroom in here, making it basically a giant steaming bowl of umami.Fried bean curd stuffed with shrimp: one of my basic barometer dishes for Cantonese restaurants. It was done pretty well here, but the dipping sauce could have used a little more seasoning. The outside was perfectly crispy though, and the inside wonderfully creamy.Steamed oysters in XO sauce: as everyone has commented, these things are absurdly massive. One of my dining companions commented that they must have been grown near a nuclear power plant. Very tasty, I even drank the juice left in the shell.Dungeness crab with glutinous rice: of course we had to try it. It was very good, but I guess I have a coarse palate, because I prefer the fully loaded glutinous rice packs I get off dim sum carts. I really felt like the crab got a little lost amid the rice and scallions.Fried chicken with minced shrimp: I don't think I can describe this dish well, but somehow by layering shrimp and chicken together they managed to create something that reminded me of bacon. I loved it, but it might weird some people outSomehow we were still hungry after this, so we finished off our meal with:Casserole of clams, Vietnamese style: this dish was totally different from everything else. Very highly spiced, tons of chili, vinegar, and citrus notes. I like it except for all the huge chunks of lemon in there. I've never learned to enjoy biting into a thick chunk of lemon rind.Sliced fish layered with ham and mushrooms: very mildly spiced but a nice combination of ingredients. Nice to have, but I probably wouldn't order it again.Dessert: we were too full to really appreciate anything else by here, but they bought us a very pleasant tapioca and sweet bean soup. There was also a plate of mediocre canned fruit.The service is curt but competent, certainly nothing worth deducting a star for.  This is probably the best Cantonese I've had in New York.
Good stuff. Peking [deep fried, glazed] pork was surprisingly tasty. When I looked around, apparently others would agree a it was on quite a few others' tables, too. The seafood hot pot was our fav. Fresh, hot, and no overly done like the glaze on our Peking pork. The beef with flat noodles was disappointing: cheap meat artificially softened with baking soda. The result was this odd texture and worse, blah taste. Noodles et al were a bit oily for our liking. The grouper fish with snow peas and celery seemed pretty staright up good, but I'm not a fan of either veggie to give props to this dish. Next time I have to get their specialty: seafood over sticky rice!(from 2009/12/06)
I just went here today with some friends for dinner and it was pretty standard. We went with some safe foods that we had tried before at another restaurant, like Peking-style pork chops, shrimp with fried walnuts and mayo, snow pea leaves with garlic and roast pork lo mein. The prices were standard and service fast and attentive. Nothing to hate. Definitely bring someone who knows Chinese though because otherwise you might end up ordering stuff you can get at the local Chinese take-out.
Believe the hype! Not sure if being a Cancer has anything to do with my crabby addiction, but this place really hit the spot for me! Their dungeoness crab and sticky rice dish you keep hearing about has definitely lived up to my expectations. I keep hearing about this place and seeing pictures of the yummy crab dish, and FINALLY had the opportunity to try it  for myself over this weekend. I came here for a birthday celebration. Our party was about 7 or 8 tables, so the host ordered the preset menu for each table. The food was amazing! Everything from the cold cut dish (with jellyfish, sliced beef brisket and ham), to the walnut mayo shrimp (a Cantonese staple), the whole chicken, abalone and veggies, steamed fish and all the way through to the crabmeat and mushroom yee noodles (not sure what that's called in ingles) was quite delectable! My only complaint would be the stinginess of the sharkfin in the sharkfin seafood soup, but the crab dish made it allllllll better. Also, I agree with other reviewers that some dishes were under salted, but to me this is a good thing. Their dishes had just enough flavor without giving me that "too much msg" thirst afterwards.Overall, a great experience! Not just foodwise, but atmoshere as well. Their decor and ambiance was nothing to sing about, but it did have that comfy and homey feel to it... or maybe it was just the company I was with... who knows! But  I'm definitely going back to try the different variations of the crab dish (vancouver crab over broad (ho fun) noodles) and watever other variation they offer.  If you haven't already, try it for yourself! =D
Easily some of the best, if not the best Canto food in flushing...and probably in the city...everything is good...there tends to be a long wait but its cuz its very popular cuz the food is great...Crab with Sticky rice is a big order but a must have...very few places do it...and none of them do it as well...i've never had bad food here...
If it weren't for the wait, I'd give this place 5 stars.  There is always a wait, especially on the coldest nights in winter.  You can call and make a reservation for a table, but only if you speak Fluent Cantonese.  There are always people waiting outside this Restaurant.  In the beginning when they first opened, I could understand why but a few years after and there were still Asian people waiting outside.  Then I finally decided to try it for myself about 2 years ago.  Now when I have seafood cravings, I come here!A must have is the Dungeness crab over sticky rice.  It's my favorite!  Especially when the innards spill onto the rice, it gives a perfect creamy sticky texture (similar to yolk running into your hash browns or toast).  Other restaurants in Flushing have tried to copy this special dish, but I've never had it any better and it's always consistent.A few of my staples are the Peking pork chops, fried chicken (half or whole), fried shrimp stuffed tofu, clams w/black bean sauce, and my new favorite "3 way steamed fish."  You can chose any fish in the tank, but I suggest the Sea bass.  They take the fish and use the fins and fatty parts of the fish (including innards) to make you a stock based light soup, then they strain out the fins and fatty parts and quickly toss it in a light stir fry with tofu & veges.  Lastly you get your steamed fish with ginger & scallion in a light soy sauce.  Their sweet dessert soups are always a nice way to end the meal and I always come out of this place stuffed!If there's always a crowd of Asian people waiting outside everyday, is it the hype, or is it overrated?  I think not, but try it for yourself.  This place is a bit heavy handed with the MSG, you'll feel your lips sticking together but that's what the tea is for!
My most favorite spot in Flushing! I should've reviewed this place sooner since I've been here way over 100 times. There are so many dishes that I love, my usual choices are: fried flounder, dungeness crab with sticky rice, beef pan fried noodles, young chow fried rice, pork chops, fried chicken, shrimp with anything. I found the service to be good, love the complimentary peanuts while you wait and complimentary fruit for dessert
So very good! There were 7 of us at dinner last night and we had a great feast! I have been here several times and usually we get the crab/rice dish but this time we opted for the lobster on noodles. Even better! Also had an appetizer of jelly fish. This is something I would typically steer away from but not any more - strange dish. I thought it would be slimy but no - it's more like cartilage with a little bit of a crunch! Great flavor. It's a cold dish and I think it would be even better on a hot day. Other highlights, the lamb chops, and a sable fish. So good.Bring a crowd so you can sample as many different things as possible. Get out of your comfort zone and you'll make new discoveries.
I was looking forward to eating some Asian food so I yelped and found this place.  We ordered the crab with sticky rice (which was a pretty huge order--definitely good for 2-3 people), salt and pepper shrimp, chinese broccoli with garlic sauce, and the mixed seafood soup--it was just my husband I so this ended up being a lot of food and we ended taking some leftovers home.  The Crab with sticky rice seems to be their specialty and their best dish-- it was really good especially with some hot sauce on the side.  I really enjoyed the mixed seafood soap as well.  I had the salt and pepper shrimp dish for the first time at a chinese restaurant in D.C. called Meiwah and I have to say it was really REALLY good there-- unfortunately this dish at this place was not as good but not bad either.  They didn't remove the shell and it was quite crunchy but not in a good way--nevertheless--it was not so bad. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good and would definitely come back again!
I mean, Steamed Crab over Glutinous Sticky Fried Rice...who can disagree?
Definitely one of the best Cantonese Seafood Restaurant. This place is not fancy like Grand Restaurant down the block on Main street. Never mind. They serve up very good seafood dishes.
I'm not a huge, huge fan of Cantonese food, but I do love my seafood, so I had to come here to try the infamous dungeness crab. I honestly can't really remember what else we ate when we came here (some type of soup... and a vegetable... and some beef thing?), but the dungeness crab was pretty damn epic. The crab is massive and piled high with glutinous rice and green onion deliciousness. I may or may not have eaten most of the crab (and rice) by myself. It's really insane, the rice just soaks up all the yummy goodness of the crab juices and becomes this addictive thing that you can't stop eating. Nommm, Cantonese seafood at its best!
I can speak about only one item on the menu because that's the only thing I ever get when I go here. I go for Snails. Totally different than French Snails (Escargot) which are much larger. Chinese style are small snails served in either a brown bean sauce (that's the kind I get) or an oyster sauce which I've never tried. It is really delicious & I guarantee you will love it if you already like Escargot!
No. Just don't. Even the exceptional wait staff can not, in any way, make up for the poor quality, over-priced food. The only way to get more MSG into food, would be to eat MSG straight from the bag. I feel sick. I often wonder if all the rave reviews for joints this bad come from friends and family members.
They suck balls. Horrible manager. Give our food to another table and didn't even comp us
This is the spot I always go to whenever I'm in Flushing and in a mood for authentic Cantonese style Chinese food.  Place is especially good for family dinner style.
Had the sticky rice with dungeon crab since it was a popular special here and  it was really good. For $38 it was a huge portion that 4 people can eat. Even though we had only 2 we finished the whole thing. Also had honey walnut shrimp,which tasted like any other honey walnut shrimp at other restaurants. Next time I like to try more exotic dishes on the menu. Overall great service and food.
Camille's friend Jen is having a barbecue today at  her new place....which means our Saturday gig can't be in the city because she'll be over at her place helping out...so we settled to go not too far out...to our own chinatown here in Queens....Flushing!!!!herewe come.....AGAINWe've been reading a lot of reviews from fellow yelpers about how great this place was..  Most reviews raving about their signature dish........Dungeness Crab with Sticky Rice....so we ordered just that and check out  what the big fuss was about this dish....and also ordered Steamed Scallops with Bean Curd in Black Bean Sauce.Our order came chopped up mixed with the Sticky Rice on the   bamboo container lined with banana leaves.   Steaming hot...I particulary enjoyed the rice packed inside the crab shell full of crab egss...HMMMMMit was surely very very tasty...so this was what everbody was talking about...It was delicious indeed...It was also enough to feed 2 people..for $27.50..it was both very satisfying and filling, and reasonable.  The Steamed Scallop $ 6.50 was also very good...we both finished it....Well not really..there was more stcky rice left over... that was a sumptous lunch...Camille said her favorite so far in Flushing...The place was half full or was it half empty...but as soon as we were seated...people just flooded in...came in at the right time....2:30 pm The wait staff was very attentive, courteous..and most of them speak English...which is really nice....they  changed our messy plates 4 times...the atmosphere was pleasant..not very stuffy and the bathrooms are very clean....what more can you ask for...I'll definitely come back for the same dish.......another Excellent place to dine!!!!
This restaurant isn't that small, but they try to cram as many tables in as possible and there is always a wait! With everyone trying to escape the cold and cramming into this already packed restaurant waiting for a table can be tough, but thankfully you usually don't have to wait that long.  This restaurant is always busy it seems! I've come here twice and every time it seems like their crab dishes are the best dishes to order! Last time we came here with my bf's family we had the tasting of several dishes made from alaskan king crab.  All the dishes were great! This more recent visit to the restaurant we had the crab sticky rice, which was what everyone in the restaurant ordered! It was probably my favorite ... i loved it! I wish I could find something like it on the West coast ... so good!
Probably the best Chinese food I've had on this coast. We ordered a king crab made three ways, one style steamed with sticky rice, the body steamed with egg and the legs were fried with garlic bits. At $52/lb it wasn't cheap but damn was it good. While the sticky rice with crab was tasty, another place in flushing did it much better (look at my review for Lake Pavilion). Another dish I highly recommend is the stir fried beef with macadamian nuts. I couldn't stop eating it.
Their dishes are served with speed, but they lack in quality.  I guess that's what happens when food comes fast, taste is sacrificed.  The service is worse than their food.  The waiters are not attentive and ignore you whenever most of the time.  If you think this is the best restaurant in NY, then obviously you've never been to Canton Gourmet.  Go to Canton Gourmet and you'll find out what great quality food really tastes like.
I think management here has changed. My family has been coming here for a very long time. Of course, we came for the steamed crab with glutinous rice. I always raved about this place to my friends from out of the area and just this past weekend I was able to bring them here. I really disappointed them. Everything was just mediocre this time. Not as much garlic as before, not as much rice as before, and worst of all... cilantro!! I can't say for sure that management has changed but the recipe sure has. Hopefully next time I can ask them to exclude the cilantro which was not included in the original recipe.
Bad service! Waiter was very very rude! Staff have horrible attitudes towards the customers. Extremely disorganized too. DO NOT COME HERE!!
In a city now over saturated with northern Chinese food, this is a rare find and a true gem in the heart of Flushing with classic Cantonese cooking.  I hate to admit that I have a guilty pleasure of dining here only for their dungeness crab over sticky rice.  I have had the pleasure though of dining family style on numerous occasions on a round spinning table full of delicious food such as crispy garlic chicken, fried bean curd, sweet and sour pork, or salt and pepper pork chop, veggies with oyster sauce and other things my family orders in Chinese in which I have the trouble of translating over.  I just put the menu down and let them do their thing.
After i left the first evening i said that m meal was just Okay, but I came back for a second time.  Over time this place grows on you and you should give this place a try it worth it.
Just like the Times said. The Zenith
the crab sticky rice was NOT a winner.  it may have been an off night but it was pretty flavorless.  the flounder cubed deserves 10 stars!  it was delicious, flakey, flavorful.  the peking porkchops are also very tasty.  overall, a solid meal, but after all the hype, the crab/sticky rice was a big dissappointment.
Quite disappointing.  Chistmas day but before the rush (4:45 pm).  Ordered the items recc by other yelpers in recent reviews.  The crab w sticky rice was just ok. Several of the dishes had minimal flavor and I even added soy sauce hoping for rescue (a first for me in a chinese restaurant).  Will not return to Flushing again any time soon as this is considered a top restaurant by several major critics.
Definitely one of the best Cantonese restaurants in New York. Great fresh food, stunning flavors and polite service (unusual for a HK style place!)  considering the fact that it is a madhouse (good sign for a good Chinese place).
Located a few doors down from the overrated Joe Shanghai's and directly across the street from HK supermarket; Imperial Palace always seems to be packed with locals. Which is normally a telltale sign that your gonna be in for some pretty authentic cantonese food. I had to come here to see what all the hype was about but, to be perfectly honest I wasn't too impressed. Don't get me wrong, the Dungeness Crab with Sticky rice was everything everyone said it would be, and then some. But all the other dishes seemed lackluster and kinda greasy for my taste and I could def detect the MSG they used in their dishes. It' s probably the fact that my fav canto restaurant (Canton Gourmet) set the bar pretty high to compare to other places. My advice is to come here for their Dungeness Crab with sticky rice, and skip everything else.P.S. If you have trouble finding parking, HK supermarket has a free private lot in the back ( after 5pm?) so long as you shop there.
Yes the food is good. Crab with glutinous rice is filling for two. Fried flounder had a great sauce which gave it a lot of flavor. Skip the fried seafood roll appetizers. Only gripe was that our bill came out to $85 for two people. We thought the servers were fast, polite, attentive. Then again, we went late night on a weekday so the restaurant wasn't too busy.
i have dreams about the crab rice dish.  really REALLY good dreams.  hahaha.oh and there are some crazy things on the menu that i can't even begin to decipher.  that's how chinese this place is.
My fav place in flushing, but their lunch special prices gone up. Everything from here is good and I like, you can even take out the crab sticky rice Burberry sure you have a steamer because microwaves I'll o it no justice.
My friends and I decided to travel to Flushing from Brooklyn to try some authentic Chinese food.Awesome service from the waiters and the food was delicious! We ordered about 5 dishes for 5 people (family style of course) and the best were definitely the baked crab with sticky rice and the sweet and sour pork chops! They are a must try.The sweet and sour pork chops were crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside!! Gotta be the best I've tried in many many years!
Much better chinese food out there. but I did enjoy the sticky rice with crab
I went here with my boyfriend Friday night. It was packed! Luckily, we didn't have to wait because there was a table for two but had we came in five mintues later, our table would have been nabbed!The service is kinda of brusque and there is no more ambiance (the lighting is real bright!) but that is only because the focus of this establishment is on the Food.We had the chicken with ginseng soup.  It is the real deal! There was a lot of ginseng in the soup. It is how my grandma makes it! If I didn't know better I would've thought my grandma was in the back.Then we had "salty spicy" deep fried flounder. It was good. There was a large helping.And then we had what everyone else always have, the crab with sticky rice. It was also good. The crab was very fresh.It was very traditional Cantonese food with substance and no frills. I would need to try more dishes to give it a five. But I think the number of locals and Cantonese families who go there is a good indication that the other dishes are equally as good. Our bill came out to be $50.If you love seafood, I recommend this place!
downgrading stars  thanks to the recession..still great food but the portions are now much smaller for the same price. not as great of a value anymore... AHH!! why can't you stay the same?!?!?
I hate to say this, since I grew up in Chinatown, but this place is great, and probably better than 90% of restaurants in Chinatown. From the outside, this place looks like it'd suck, but once you're inside, you realize just how good it is.First, it's crowded like you're in, well, China. ;) Due to its popularity, I'd suggest getting there early, or prepare to wait.We had the crab sticky rice, sweet & sour pork, crispy chicken (so juicy), and steamed flounder. All of it was delicious. The service was pretty decent, as our plates were frequently switched out for clean ones (so we'd have more room to put food!).The only complaint is that they didn't give us any red bean soup for dessert. When we asked for it, they said they ran out, even though we saw many other tables getting it. They claimed that it was reserved only for tables that ordered "set meals," but that made no sense since there ZERO set meals on the menu. Anyway, other than that, this place was a great experience.p.s. It doesn't hurt that it's right next to the "big parking lot" in Flushing.
My favorite place to introduce my non-Chinese friends to authentic Cantonese seafood. I've tested it on Koreans, Americans and even Russians. Not once has this place failed me. Dishes arrive piping hot (a must for canto foodies), seafood comes fresh and the selection is bountiful. Pretty much everything is good here - just look at the chef special pictures on the menu! There are of course the de-facto chinese staples here as well - all on par with even HK restaurants. Dishes to recommend: Jelly Fish, Crab with Sticky Rice, XO Sauce Squid,  Seafood Rolls, Duck tongue (for advanced chinese eaters) and fried flounder.
Consistently good food and the dungeness crab with  glutinous rice was addictive, but I'm not sure it stands out from the other restaurants in terms of flavor.  The space? yes it's bigger.  The selection?  yes it has a bit more variety.  The price? Higher.  Service? Like any other chinese restaurants.  So overall, good but far from perfect.
first of all... the service here is pretty terribleOur waiter appeared really irritated/bored/in a hurry to find a bathroom (it that's at all possible) every time he came to our tablebut when I go to restaurants for the authenticity to a particular culture, service is definitely not at the top of my list for a reviewwith that being said, listen to everyone else and order the sticky rice with crabs! the clams with black bean sauce were also very good but the portions are small and a little too salty for my taste (order some rice to mix in the sauce)if you go there during the winter time, they give you a red bean porridge, which is also very good- its similar to korean red bean porridge but its got peanuts which is a nice touch!
Long story short - Blue plastic and little ball of grey hair found in food!I was in the area and checked out google map for nearby restaurants.  I love Chinese food, so I saw that Imperial Palace had good reviews and gave it a chance.  I didn't have a good experience.  The waiter gave us some complimentary nuts and in the centre of the bowl was a cluster of grey hairs.  I don't eat complimentary nuts, because of things like that, so I didn't hold it too much against the restaurant, but it was still disgusting to see.  My fiancee and I went ahead and ordered a seafood pan fried noodles and spicy jumbo pan fried noodles.  The seafood pan fried noodles tasted okay, but not great.  Then my fiancee saw that she had a piece of blue plastic that had been cooked into her dish.  I picked it out and showed it to the waiter, who took it and disappeared for awhile.  We refused to eat and just waited.  Finally a manager came and asked us what was wrong.  We told her that we were leaving and we weren't paying.  She apologised once, then went and talked to someone else, nodded to us and then left.  We then left the restaurant.  The thing that bothered me most was that  they didn't seem to care.  Sometimes mistakes happen, but they really didn't care that we were unhappy.  I got the feeling that people complaining was quite common.  All in all, unhygienic and unprofessional.
I have to say the comments are all right on. I would add the jumbo shrimp in lobster sauce and the chow fun to the hit list. They do a great spinach.
I declare Imperial Palace the best Cantonese restaurant in NY!  There is no doubt anymore.  I've tried all the competitors in Flushing and none can touch Imperial.  IMO, Flushing serves better Cantonese cuisine than Chinatown while Brooklyn's Sunset Park rates an average rating.  And I'm partial to my home borough of Queens anyway.Everything is consistently fresh here especially the steamed fish.  It's best to go Mon.-Thurs. otherwise you'll be watching everyone else eat while waiting over an hour for a table.
u can ONLY focus on taste of food. forget about service, not even the presentation of food. the quality and size is great. had sticky Rice crab, Hongkong style lobster. supreme soup Snow pea tips, which wasn't tips...anyway, price are reasonable.
I absolutely love the food here.  (Actually, though, Canton Gourmet trumps Imperial Palace by one star in my book).  It's packed, even in the winter time - wear a thick down jacket, you may well have to wait 30 minutes for a table, if not more. The portions are very generous, prices A-OK, staff quick and responsive. You'll definitely feel Chinese here as it's as packed as it is in Hong Kong and China. Look around before you stand up, you may accidentally elbow a waiter trying to balance 3 dishes on his/her arm! One thing I didn't enjoy here was the dungeoness Crab, the flavors were not fused very well together. It was simply part rice, part Crab. That's not a dish, it's a cafeteria tray. Other than that, most of the food here is as authentic as you can get from the far East.
The cantonese with sticky rice is fabulous - albeit slightly pricey!!! especially when crabs and lobsters can be had at $25 for 2 in c-town.
3.5we ordered the dungness crab with ginger and scallions (delicious) Hunter noticed that these crabs aren't as sweet as say blue crabs, but the large meat is pretty tasty. downside of eating these crabs is that its a lot of picking. we also ordered chicken and broccoli for our non asian friend which was actually pretty good for chicken and broccoli, its not in a white or brown sauce but more light brown coating with no sauce. it was pretty tasty at the time but was a bit salty after a while. we also ordered the clams in black bean sauce, also very good. i couldn't give it the 4 star because for Chinese food in flushing, it should be cheaper.
3 time + will be back soon (meaning its a pass my standards)Reason to go/went:  referral from friend.crab with sticky rice (for you white breads you can do Lobster over sticky rice)  you say NO Pete!! that's not possible.  YES WHO would have thought!!! (the truth is when your eating dishes like this your not trying to eat the crab/lobster your trying to pressure cook the fresh seafood flavor out of that ocean rat into the stickyrice)  TASTE that scallions and the rice and the ocean flavor.lamb chopsfried tufu w/ salty egg yokeChinese (slow cooked soup)  - I get it but its like 23 dollars  more for those who know what we doing(yes i'm the  ppl point at, I'd like what the fat guys eating over there!)I just want you people to go less so I don't have to wait in LINE!!! SAT DONT GO!! DONT GO!! its packed already don't need your fat behinds blocking the door.I'm Cantonese  so far the only place that has comparable food right now is down the block on the right.  Bit cheaper bit lower quality but I haven't gone there in a few years.other place is 4 starsIts not that expensive!  but you have to understand i'm Cantonese, Caucasians have different opinions. (be prepared for 28-40 dollars)One of the few restaurant I still fight to get into on a Saturday.  This and Joe's next door.I went to bravo bravo in mystic $47 a head w/ tip pasta, appetizer no body says shit.   Chinese food, your eating fish and lobster and you say its expensive.  You ppl complain too much.  you wanna eat, you gotta pay.  I WILL EAT A MEAL EVEN IF ITS 300-400 dollars a head!!!  if I don't like it just be a one time deal.*update went to le bernadin read review 200+ a head interesting*
Overrated!As mentioned, it's pricey for a Chinatown restaurant.  Now, I'd be willing to pay more for a Chinatown spot if it distinguished itself from its competitors by, for example, being cleaner and having better service.But no, you still had to beg for water and napkins.  And it has nothing to do with ethnicity, b/c my wife & in-laws are all Chinese.I'm not saying the food was awful.  But I've had much better Cantonese for cheaper.  With so much competition, I don't think this place is worth the higher prices.
Imperial Palace is often jam-packed with people waiting to be seated for dinner on Fridays and Saturdays.  My personal favorites are their Dungeness crab w/ glutenous rice, Lobster w/ glutenous rice, and seared Lamb Chops.    The food from this place has a good amount of "wok hay" - a Cantonese expression describing the scent from the searing heat of the wok.  It reminds me of the food cooked on coal-fired woks on the streets of Guangzhou.  This place is worth your wait.
Went here last night since my girlfriend's mom wanted to buy us dinner. All I can say is, "Where have I been?"... obviously next door at Joe's Shanghai's having their wonderful soup dumplings.We had the Crab w/ sticky rice, fried tofu with shimp & squid and a plate of pea shoots in garlic sauce.While I think the food is good, I do think there was a strong hint of MSG in all their dishes. When you go, be sure to ask for the soy sauce with hot peppers if they give you just a soy sauce with your food - as long as you can take the spiciness.
Food was very BLAH!  No flavor at all!  It was on the expensive side but the portions are family style.  We had peking pork chops, which was decent but very oily.  Seafood pan fried noodles, no taste and the seafood was very meager and not fresh.  THen the sticky rice crab dish was not only expensive but the crabs were very annoying to pick out from the shell.  NOt to mention, the waiters very not helpful.  They were all standing around but when you need something, they referred you back to "your waiter", who was never around.
Chinese cuisine.One of the best places I've had chinese food.  Good prices and great food.  I normally go here for family celebrations and order a various amount of dishes.  They are usually the same dishes, but they are very good.  You should try the crispy chicken (half/whole) along with the Peking Style porkchops, the fried tofu, and the mayo shrimp.  I haven't had a bad experience coming here.  The food is always great.If you like crab or lobster, you should try to order the dungeoness crab or lobster with sticky rice.  Good Stuff.Can be quite packed during the weekend and sometimes during weekdays due to popularity
i love chinese food from this place! there fried seafood roll are the best! I went there about 4 times and its always good. Can be expensive for a college student. Paid like $60 for 4 dishes for 3 people.Can be very packed on weekends
I came here after a long weekend vacation. I was tried and  wanted to go home already but my parents wanted to grab something to eat before going home. I was not expecting anything, just something typical. But I was wrong! I was wowed! This place is where you go for authentic Chinese Cantonese food. I loved the crab and sticky rice. The sticky rice was just sooo perfect. The juices from the crab has leaked into the rice. Yummy!!! I side note is that the crab maybe less flavorful due to this. My mouth is savoring as I am writing about this dish. I would order this again but I would order the lobster next time.  We also ordered the lamb chops, they were phenomenal, they were just juicy and not tender at all. The taste was great. My own family was fighting over the last piece. We ordered some chicken, veggie and steamed flounder. Great overall! If you would like to have a typical, traditional dinner start off with a soup. We ordered the fish maw soup! Remember to place the red vinegar. I would difinitely come here again!
Came here for lunch on a Saturday and the place was packed!  Seemed like a sure thing for a great meal.  We were seated and handed the menu, ironically it was quite pricey for lunch and in Flushing (ie. $10 for mixed vegetables).  STIRKE 1: I asked the host for a lunch menu, to which he provided one!!  We ordered 2 lunch specials which came with soup and rice.  One of us ordered won ton soup and the other ordered sweet and sour soup.  STRIKE 2: We were charged separately for the soup, since the lunches only came with the house soup (which wasn't noted on the menu).  STRIKE 3: The house soup (which we decided to take 'to-go') looked like toilet water.  STRIKE 4 (one too many): The food was disgusting, really gross.  The shrimp wasn't even de-veined and the 'mixed vegetables' it came with was all and only sautéed red onions.  This was truly the worst dining experience I can remember.
Our family goes to Flushing alot! And this is our go-to place for dinner all the time. Great consistent food and you can tell by the crowds, it's a foodie pleaser.  Every table usually has the dungeoness crab with sticky rice, but our family likes to get the crab over garlic rice noodles...sooo delish.  Another great dish you might want to order as you're sitting down , since it takes a bit to cook, is the preserved meat rice pot.  It has cured chinese sausages, pork belly and duck thighs. They cook it over rice in a clay pot, so all the juicy oils drop onto the rice as its cooking, there's nothing like it. They bring it out with the meat on the side, then drizzle this mild sweet soy sauce on the rice and mix it up. A must try! They do it right.  Everything on the menu is really good, they really do have great chefs there.  And you can tell by the long waits. Get there early and you'll avoid the wait.
The Crab with Sticky Rice is such a unique and delicious dish.  The 7 train shall henceforth be known as the "Imperial Palace Express".
The food is definitely tasty. But a minus 1 for the environment. Too packed and noisy.
then garlic chicken and sticky dungeon crab meat rice are to die for.the wait is always long but we were lucky and only waited 20 mins..cannot wait to go back and try more dishes.
As much as I was just about TO TRY THIS RESTAURANT OUT... I CAN NOT AND WILL NOT because they serve SHARK FINS!....this is being outlawed as another reviewer below mentioned. "which is being outlawed in so many places because of its brutality (the sharks are caught, their fins are hacked off and they are thrown back into the ocean to drown, defenseless):::.PEEASE  SAY NOOOOO TO THIS RESTAURANT! !!!!
I came here a couple of times for birthday dinners with family. This place is nice. Most of the time, all the tables will have their famous dungeons crab or lobster over sticky rice. It was a good dish, only problem was that dungeons crab didn't really have taste to it/ sometimes the meat would be bitter. If you get the lobster over sticky rice, they would give you a cheap lobster, meaning it will be a tiny 1lb lobster. Why be so cheap? This dish is only $39. The steak dish and crispy chicken was dry. Overall the service was good. We get a plate of canned pineapples and logan  (dragon eye). Also, you can get a bowl of tong sui (dessert soup). Expect to dish out money for this dinner, the bill can add up quickly.
The other dishes I've tried there are pretty usual Cantonese cuisine.  But the crab with sticky rice is what this place is known for!  That dish is awesome and it's the reason why people go there!
these guys are cantonese seafood masters!!!  very tasty.  i am in love with their grupper casserole.  the house special fried oyster is shocking.  biggest oyster i've ever seen outside of seaworld.  i swear they are about as broad as my fist.  the squid and scallop with xo sauce is good.  the seafood pan fried noodles is a little oily but good.next time i'll be trying steamed crab over sticky rice, just about every third table had that dish.
I tried almost everything at this place for Lunch and Dinner.  Everything is tastie and very good.Great Service to go with the food.  One of my favorite Chinese Restaurants
My, was the restaurant crowded.  Excellent Cantonese food, especially seafood.  I don't think you can get better seafood anywhere else, except Hong Kong. Bring a sizable party because you're going to want to have as many dishes as possible.  I really like the fish: you pick out a live fish which is then served up as soup and two separate dishes.  Also good  was the dungeness crab over sticky rice.
Went here recently for a group birthday dinner, and we were impressed with the consistent freshness and flavor of all the dishes we ordered.  The restaurant's signature dish, the dungeness crab steamed over sticky rice, lives up to the hype: it hits subtle, tasty notes of bamboo; and the crab was super fresh.  We also enjoyed and would recommend the following dishes: fried flounder; lobster with scallion and ginger; pea shoots sauteed in fresh garlic; peking duck; cold spicy jellyfish; and fried rice with egg.  This was the best Cantonese meal we've had in a long while.  I would rate this place as the top Cantonese restaurant in the city.  I especially liked that the dishes were prepared with fresh ingredients, and they were delicious without that unpleasant greasiness often found in other Chinese establishments.  The servers were efficient in replacing serving plates frequently.  Although most of the servers do not speak English, ask for manager Eric.  He speaks English, and was very attentive in making sure that our group dinner went off without a hitch.  We had a fabulous banquet of a meal (ordering many of their top ticket items); all for under $30 a person.  We were served complimentary dessert of red bean soup, lychee fruit, and canned pineapple.  A nice touch.  We definitely plan to return.  Best to arrive early, around 5:30 p.m., as the restaurant gets packed during peak dinner hours.
I have to try more of the dishes on their menu, but they get a 5 because I liked every single dish that I've ever eaten here so far.All I can say is I am CONSTANTLY craving their dungeness crab with sticky rice. It is even better the next day as leftovers.This place will also give you the peking duck carcass to take home. (You know, so you can make some incredible broth... imagine... duck congee...) and it's moist, not too fatty, tough or sauced (though, I don't know if it's the Best -- still looking out) -- but still pretty darn good. It's not overly sauced, overly MSGed or overly gooey with corn starch. It's simply delicious. Go with a big group. Gotta work the lazy susan. I've been there on weekdays and have gotten seating easily. But I imagine weekends are probably pretty insane.
excellent  food and service . celebrated my husband birthday with 4 table
I live in Flushing and enjoy Chinese food in many restaurants. I chose Imperial Palace for celebrating my 70th birthday party with 23 guests because of its signature dishes and its wheelchair accessibility.  Sam, the manager, was great to work with and helped select a menu. The wait staff were attentive and very professional.  Wine and cake were kept cold and served at appropriate times. Everybody seemed to enjoy everything and I got to take home much less than I expected!
Although I usually default to Tung Yi Fung for family dinners and dim sum, when I really want to indulge, I head down the block to Imperial Palace. It's a less frequently mentioned Cantonese restaurant but the food is definitely good enough to rival any of the more popular places. The restaurant is large enough for banquets but almost always crowded. If you don't beat the dinner crowd, chances are you'll have to wait and there have been occasions that the wait was so long we had to head somewhere else! We often bring guests here and I recommend coming with a few friends so that you can eat family-style and sample as many dishes as possible. Though almost every single one of their house specials is a hit, the real highlight at Imperial Palace is most definitely their seafood. Take a look around and you'll be sure to see the Whole Dungeness Crab with Sticky Rice, wrapped in banana leaves on a large bamboo steamer, on every table. It's a ridiculously large rice dish, and it is worth coming out of the way for. I don't eat crab (or much shellfish for that matter) but I make the exception at Imperial Palace. Just from the smell of it, the sight of it, mouths start to water. The kitchen employs quality ingredients and seasonings to create flavors that are simultaneously subtle and explosive and never overwhelming. The dish is not as rich or heavy as the usual ginger and spring onion crab, but it will still leave you happy and satiated. Definitely one of the best Cantonese restaurants in Flushing, and you will leave with a full stomach and an inexplicable grin on your face!
for those americanize chinese out there, here's what most of them are missing out. this place is great! and their famous dish is the crab steamed over sticky rice and their bejing pork (sweet and sour pork). most ABCs don't know about this place because it doesnt really have the ABC appeal that most of these other places have. plus, if zagat doesn't review it, it doesn't cross their radar. def. a hidden gem of flushing.
House specialty steamed Dungeness with sticky rice is worth the trip out to Flushing.  Although I thought the crab was a bit overcooked and not as flavorful as the fresh Dungeness I used to get on the west coast, the rice was to die for.
Do not come here on weekends or on holidays unless you don't mind waiting an hour.  I tried coming here once last time and the wait was so long, I decided to go somewhere else.  This time, we got here around 8pm and there was 20 people crowded in front and inside the restaurant.  After waiting an hour we finally got a seat.  Service was pretty bad because it was so packed and there weren't enough waiters for the number of tables inside.  Their specialty here is the dungeness crabs with sticky rice but for $27.99, I don't think it was that good.  I might try the lobster with sticky rice next time though since I like lobster more but it's still really pricey.  The pan fried flounder was pretty good and the general tso's chicken had good chunks of chicken.  This place definitely doesn't use too much MSG and the food tastes fresh than most chinese places I've been to but the long wait and service made me not want to come back.  I would recommend you get here before 6pm or after 9pm if you don't want to wait long.
the commute from brooklyn is worth it just to eat dungeness crab over sticky rice - that the BEST thing to try here.service = iffy - depending on the mood of your waiter and how asian you are - the less asian you look, the worse the service
The ONLY place I go to for chinese in Flushing. I'm half chinese and my boyfriend is white. Every single time we go in, he is the only white boy there. This is how we know the place is truely authentic and as good as it gets. We always get the clams with house special sauce. When you finish the clams, don't let them take away the sauce still left on the plate. That sauce is like gold on rice!!
If you like overly expensive cantonese cuisine, this is for you... Although their food is semi good, It's not really worth shelling over $100 for 3 people.. Folks, take your $100 and go to Mcdonalds
Writing this review makes me hungry! The sticky crab rice and lamb chops are two really great dishes that you can't find anywhere/as good else in Flushing! Not everything is 4/5 star worthy but I have to insist you get these two things when you go. Share with a friend or a group of people!
If you are Chinese, you will get one menu. If you are not Chinese, you will get a different menu. We are not Chinese and did not realize this was the case. However, we go to Flushing for the authentic Chinese food, which is far different vs. typical suburban staples like moo-shu and General Tso's. The clams in black bean sauce, much acclaimed -- in this and other boards --  was a disappointment: we both experienced a distinct metallic taste mostly masked by the black bean sauce. While others have raved about this sauce, we felt it was over-thickened with cornstarch, making for a gloppy, almost gelatinous mass. A steamed chicken with ginger and scallions was indeed steamed, but drowning in a flood of vaguely flavored, somewhat ginger-colored sauce that, again, was over-thickened with cornstarch. The volume of this coagulated goo seemed to grow as we fished for chicken deep underneath. There were a couple of overcooked strands of scallions but zero ginger flavor for this scallion and ginger dish. We were able to munch on the stir-fried assorted vegetables, but don't think for a minute you will get Chinese vegetables, just standard American examples like broccoli, celery and shards of red pepper. The real Chinese vegetables are reserved for Chinese patrons. It was only when we got up to leave that we noticed a wide variety of other interesting-looking dishes on the tables around us that were not on our "American" menu. So, if you are Chinese (or just look like you are) you might enjoy Imperial Palace. Hope you read Mandarin.
Worst Food Ever.!!! Had great expectation for the Crispy Orange Beef, but it had nothing crispy at all. I would rename this dish as "ORANGE BEEF SOUP".......Very poor quality!!
above average canto style food, possibly the best in flushing. the two best dishes are crab with sticky rice, and seafood rolls, both are delicious. only bad thing it's that it might be a long wait if you get there after 7
crab with sticky rice was delicious, especially if you are starved from a delayed flight for over 6 hours.  service was better than expected, considering it was a chinese restaurant.
Even though Joe's Shanghai down the street gets all of the press, this restaurant offers a more complete dining experience.  You'll see almost everyone in the restaurant order their signature dish, crab over rice, consisting of dungeness crab steamed over gluntinous rice.  It's a bit messy to eat, but well worth the effort.  The fish and fried tofu casserole was tasty as well.  The pea pod leaf with garlic or triple egg is another one of my favorites.
damn you sam sifton for exposing this place to nytimes readers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this place!!! Its not over rated, its consistent. The steamed sticky crab rice, lamb chops, stir-fry cod are some of my favs... it tends to get really busy (over an hour wait) -- they take reservations for parties 6+ ... call ahead for reservations when ever possible! Locals go -- its that good.
My family comes here all the time for family get-togethers.  The food is great.  They're infamous crab with sticky rice is a must.  The seafood roll is also good, it's like a spring roll with seafood.  The only downside is it's not a big as the other Cantonese restaurants in Flushing.  My family is big and their biggest table barely fits us all.  There is no waiting area in the restaurant, so everyone's clogging up the doorway and the front of the restaurant.  It's crowded even on a weekday.  If you don't have reservations on a weekend, plan on waiting for a while.  The service is mediocre but I guess it's a sacrifice people are willing to make for good food.
Ok place, but I probably won't go back.Peking pork chop - the pieces of pork chops was mostly fat. Flavor was ok.Crab with sticky rice was very oily. Nothing special. Rice could've been softer. It was also very expensive. $45.Veggie with tofu sauce barely had tofu sauce flavor.Crispy fried chicken - the chicken was a bit on the raw side. Some parts of meat had blood on it.Sautéed clams in black bean sauce was good.Crispy fried seafood rolls were good too.Beware* the suggested tips is calculated based on your total price (sub total and tax).
Solid Cantonese restaurant.  Service was not bad, very nice waiters.- Beef chow foon is great!  They make this classic the right way.  Beef was exceptionally tasted.- Peking pork chop dish was a super generous portion.  - Deep fried flounder was perfect.  The waiter deboned the fish for us which was nice.  It was so fried that you could get the bones too.- Water spinach with garlic, pretty standard.I would come back for sure.  Everyone around us were getting some sort of seafood with sticky rice, so must come back for that.
Reunion with friends and decided to hunker down on this place.  We were a party of 20 and we ordered a bunch of stuff.  The sticky rice with crab is their signature dish and highly recommend this dish.  We also ordered the usual - Peking Pork Chops, Sauteed Garlic Pea Shoots, Crispy Skin Chicken, Beijing Duck, Abalone with vegetables, Crystal Shrimp and other dishes that I can't seem to recall since it's all a blur now.  The food just kept coming and we just kept eating.
If I could give this place a ZERO star I would. The food is decent, I have had better, HOWEVER, the staff is HORRIBLE. It took us almost an hour to receive our food after being seated. In addition to that, we had to constantly ask for water since they neglected our table. To top it all off, we tipped the waiter about 18%, which is pretty decent and what we believe was more than reflective of the services, but the waiter told us that we undertipped and demanded about $40 more dollars for tip. Tipping is VOLUNTARY, which means it is at the discretion of the customer to tip, not for the waiter to demand it, even though we already tipped him 18% which was quite a lot for their horrible services. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone, if you want good Cantonese food, trust me there are many many places in NYC. I must also add, for hygienic purposes, the restroom is gruesome, there were paper towels and "other things" I do not wish to add since this is a food review, on the floor. Additionally, as you walk to the restroom you can see a glimpse of the kitchen, and I must say, I do not understand the "B" rating for cleanliness, it should be an "F" as water was all over the floor and you can see the dirt on the tiles of the kitchen.
Came here to try their famous crab over sticky rice and I don't think it's worth all the hype. The portion was small for the price we paid, $45 dollars, the sticky rice was a bit too moist and too salty and greasy for me and the flavor was not there. For some reason I didn't think the crabs were very fresh either. The best part of the crab should be the body of the crab where all the gooey goodness is. But at this place it was bitter and fishy. Not sure why. I definitely had better sticky rice with crabs before We also tried the seafood tofu casserole which was just OK. Not all that special and portion was small again Overall,  don't think I'll be back again
Tried the Dungeness crab sticky rice that everyone is raving about. It was ok but I don't think I'll order it again. The shell was all over the rice, s it was a bit difficult to eat.  This is their most popular and signature dish.  Pretty standard Chinese restaurant in Flushing.
Solid Cantonese restaurant with amazing crab over sticky rice. Pleas order the crab over sticky rice once you sit down at the table because it takes longer. Portions are big (1.5-2x of Manhattan size), so please be aware when you are ordering.
It's so hard to find a good Cantonese restaurant in Flushing, but this may be my fave. I love the dungeoness crab with sticky fried rice. I love how the crab juices get soaked into the rice. They also give you lots of crab meat. Also, top notch service. I came here for a banquet, so every dish was served by a waiter. I saw ours come out with a huge bowl of piping hot soup. He tries to move other dishes on the lazy susan to make room for the soup, and at the same time the soup spills a little on his hand. He doesn't drop the bowl nor acknowledge it. He continues to serve us. Meanwhile, that spot on his hand is turning red. He acts normal. I'm impressed.
I was excited to go to Imperial Palace. The food smelled great and the staff was very courteous. My excitement ended when I visited the Ladies room. There was visible dried urine on back on the toilet seats. The room stank and the trash can was horrible dirty, looked like it was NEVER wiped down. The food tasted great but restaurants with filthy bathrooms are a no no. This was at 12:00 pm so it looked like it not even cleaned for the day!
Giving it four stars because seafood and chinese food is not my favorite cuisine but I have to say the food was surprisingly good here. The food, esp. the seafood like deep fried or grilled fish, are fresh and not oily. The battered oysters were HUGE and did not have any type of fishy taste to it- fresh and good. There was also a fried, battered vegetable tempura that was a nice texture and surprisingly fresh and light even though fried. Looks like we ordered a lot of other fried things. The lobster and crab rice was good. Veges were standard. Service was attentive and courteous!
I do like the crab with sticky rice. It's not that salty, and more than enough for two. The red bean paste they served you after your meal is nice and delicious.
I usually don't enjoy Cantonese style restaurants but this was an exception. Very flavorful and good value bargain. I was there with my family and we will definitely be returning. Good food presentation and pretty decent service.
Excellent service and delicious seafood! Dungeoness crab plate is worth the effort to eat.
We came here for NYE dinner and it was PACKED. It was a good thing I made a reservation. The food here was mediocre to good. Some dishes were good while some were so-so. The big upside here is they have someone who speaks English so for the Mandarin impaired it is still possible to order food. At a lot of the restaurants in Flushing, I usually have to resort to the point and order but here at least they had someone with a 10% percent knowledge of English. Dungeness crab with sticky rice, steamed chicken with ginger sauce, fried flounder, lamb chops and peking duck were delicious.One annoying thing was we tried to pay with 4 credit cards and the waiter said we couldn't do that. He said we can only use 2 credit cards max. Meanwhile we had just seen a neighboring table pay with at least 6 credit credits. Finally, we were able to compromise with 3 credit cards and some cash. It was the only hiccup in the night. If you want the free red bean dessert soup, I would ask for it early because they ran out by the time we asked. Either that or they lied because we ended dinner at 10pm which isn't that late.
Going to Flushing? Looking for real Cantonese? This is a must try!The do's:Do get steamed lobster or dungeness crab in glutinous rice. It will change your perspective on life. It's a dish with perhaps 4-6 ingredients where simplicity reigns supreme and each ingredient shines through to comprise a culinary team effort masterpiece. Do branch out and try other dishes you see on your neighboring tables. For instance, the braised sable fish, the jumbo prawns in mayonnaise sauce, the peking style pork chops (in a sweet/sour type sauce) I have set out to try 2 new dishes each time I visit and it seems that everything on the menu is exceptional.Do ask for a whole king crab (5-7lbs). They'll break it down and bring out various dishes using the ingredient with Iron Chef style depthThe dont's:Don't get the usual General Tso chicken orderDon't be afraid for adventure... The unknown is plenty here and your bravery will be rewardedDon't take photos of the food... ok okay... DO take photos of the foodDon't think they are being rude... They are being nice ;)
I'm determined to try everything on the menu.....that's how good the food is!The place specializes in seafood but has a varied menu for the carnivore! Pork, chicken, lamb etcThe medallion lamb chops are succulent and tender! Pricing is on point and you do get your money's worth.I've been there twice and I can't wait to go back again!!!
Wow. I am thoroughly impressed with this Cantonese-styled restaurant. I came here tonight (Sunday) to celebrate my nephew's first birthday with the family and not only was the food absolutely delicious, but their service here is seriously on point! The servers were on their A-game - incredibly enthusiastic and very helpful. We had our plates changed at least 2-3 times (yes although a bit excessive, it shows they really are trying to take care of us), food came out lightning fast, waters were refilled often, and most importantly everything was done with a smile. We ordered 8-9 dishes including double lobsters (which had an amazing batter), snow pea shoots, fried chicken, fried tofu with conch and scallops, bok choy, clams with black bean sauce, and other Chinese dishes I cannot explain or do not know the name of. Everything was good. The only thing was that I found the clams itself to be a teeny bit on the fishier side (perhaps not super fresh?) but all is forgiven because everything else was just fantabulous. We finished off our meals with red bean soup and a mini platter of oranges and honeydew fruit on the house. We even brought our own ice cream cake which they helped to serve in the end with grace. We never once felt rushed in any way.I would absolutely come back based on the service alone, but of course it does help that the food really adds a cherry on top to the whole thing! Amazing.
I've come here numerous times since my initial review, written five years ago. And I think I've finally got ordering dinner at Imperial Palace down pat. First, it really is preferable to come here with a group. These dishes are meant to be eaten family style! That way, you can sample a little bit of everything because it really is hard to simplify ordering to just a dish or two. Also, while the dungeness crab with sticky rice is very good, it is not my favorite thing to order here. It's a lot of rice. And while the idea of the roe soaking into the rice is nice in theory, I feel like it makes for a less succulent crab. Still, very tasty and a strong choice that most people enjoy! And definitely something everyone should order to see how they feel about it.My absolute, hands down favorite dish here is the peking duck. It's roasted to perfection. The meat is juicy. The skin is glass shatteringly crispy. And they've rendered off the majority of the fat prior to roasting. It is truly a thing of beauty, and an absolute must order! My next favorite dish is their fried lamb chops topped with scallions and red onions. They use just the right spices to bring out the gamey lamb in the best way possible. After that, you must order their lobster or dungeness crab with ginger and scallions. I much prefer this to the sticky rice preparations, because really, who cares about all that rice.After that, other solid dishes that I recommend are the flounder, scallops with black pepper sauce, mayo shrimp, steamed oysters and pan fried noodles. You can't go wrong with any of these. In my opinion, this restaurant is in the top 5 for Flushing.
Wow, like holy crap, I didn't know Cantonese seafood joints can be this good! Here's what I got, in terms of best to worst:1. The Lamb chops were the best I've ever had, hands down. Fu Rong's muslim lamb ribs ain't got nuthin' on this. The lamb stinkiness was somehow muted, the meat was super tender, and seassoned to perfection. $21 well spent I tell ya.2. Bifengtang style frog - Fell in love at the first bite, the best crust I've ever tasted on fried foods, and the seasoning was on point. Kinda wish they have beef/pork/chicken versions as the frog legs were relatively tasteless, but the crust more than makes up for it3. Chives with squid - Intense wok hei, you know the chef is no joke when you can taste this much wok hei. Sooooo goood---------------------------4. Steamed fish - Good, but waaay expensive. Avoid unless you make big banks5. Clams with silk melon - bleh, the silk melon tasted a bit raw, did not like.Over all, the good dishes were REALLY GOOD and the bad dishes were meh. Five stars because the first three dishes blew my mind.
Imperial Palace is one of the better restaurants in Flushing serving authentic Cantonese dishes. As with most Chinese restaurants, expect a loud (as in noisy) atmosphere and long waiting times during the weekend dinner hours. But the food may be worth the wait.Giving Imperial Palace three yelp stars only for the food.
If you're craving authentic, Cantonese style food, this is your place! We passed by this restaurant and fortunately only had to wait 7min for a party of 6 on a Saturday night. We ordered:* Snow pea leaves w/ garlic* Half peking duck* Chive dish w/ squid and something that sort of resembled bacon pieces* Noodles w/ lobster* Some fried fish dish w/ chili peppers* I'm incredibly sensitive to sodium and while Chinese restaurants are notorious for loading their dishes with MSG, I didn't leave the restaurant feeling like I was left in the Sahara desert. The only downside is that their dishes felt pretty greasy and the peking duck had like....0 meat on it. After our meal, they served bowls of tong sui (w/ red bean, mung bean, and peanut) accompanied by a mini fruit platter (honeydew & oranges). I didn't try it but my parents appreciated how the tong sui wasn't too sweet. When my mom complimented the dessert to the waiter, he offered more, which I felt was a nice gesture. I would say that this restaurant is definitely on the pricier side, but the portion size is quite decent and the food quality is a notch above others places. Another plus is that the dishes came out really quickly. I would highly recommend this place if you're in Flushing and can't wait to revisit so I can try their famed crab fried rice!
1) Not worth the trip and 2) I regret coming here These were the first 2 thoughts I had after receiving my second dish of E -FU Noodles with Crab Meat.The SPACE is pretty much the standard layout for a Chinese restaurant.  It was well air-conditioned and the elbow/ leg room was sufficient.The SERVICE was pretty good.  As a matter of fact, they were pretty well staffed for the night and 2 different waiters came to see if we had ordered yet.  This kind of good service isn't normally expected at an Asian eatery but if you do get this kind of service, you probably will have a good night eating out.The FOOD is where it really docks the majority of the points.  I ordered 2 dishes:A) The SPICY JELLYFISH($11)-  is not my favorite dish but when it is done right I will eat that like there is no tomorrow.  This is an appetizer for all those that are wondering.  The spiciness was almost non-existent.  I'm a heat-seeker which means my tolerance for "heat" or spiciness is pretty high.  I might as well have been eating yogurt sauce as the only thing that was spicy about this dish was in the name of the dish itself.  Secondly, the jellyfish when prepared right should have a firm, crunchy like texture but still soft enough to make it savory.  Al Dente.  This jellyfish dish was pretty firm and pretty crunch but where it completely lacks is in the softness department.  I felt like I was chewing on chalk.  I can almost be certain that this jellyfish is of the frozen variety.B) E-FU NOODLES W/ CRAB MEAT ($14) is one of the worst thing I've ever eaten.  It was almost as nasty as that Dan Dan noodles I had at Liang's Kitchen.  You can read my review on that later if you are really interested.  What does E-FU stand for?  Extra FU-K U?  Because that is what I felt the dish was after tasting it, inspecting the amount of the crab meat given and price point. I have to start a whole paragraph just to explain this one.  First of all, the noodles was just amazingly NASTY.  The noodles felt like I was eating 2 pieces of typing paper, soaked thoroughly, heated in a microwave for 45 seconds and then put on a plate for me to put in my mouth and chew on.  I wish I was kidding about the texture.  Then to top it off the amount of crab meat was pretty much 2 BABY claws chopped up and thrown in a big pie-like porcelain plate of soggy noodles.  Um, yeah that is one way to say F U to someone.  Taste?  PLAIN AS HELL and that is regarding BOTH the CRAB AND the NOODLES.It was so nasty I brought it home and threw it right in the trash because I didn't want people to think I throw out food like that on the regular.  Because I DON'T ever.  But for this dish, yeah...straight to the trash bin.  No question.The PRICE is also on the higher side.  It's not going to break the bank unless you order the Dungy Crab stuffed with sticky rice ($42) that is priced seasonally.  Most dishes at this place were $12-$14 and up.  This is definitely NOT Flushing prices.  For the quality, I'd recommend skipping this place and going to the oodles of other Asian eateries that can be found easily within the confines of Flushing.NOT a fan.
This is one of my favorite place in flushing. Been here many times, almost always order the same dishes.... The crab over sticky rice! It is very large portion, so suggest 2 people sharing this. This is a traditional Chinese restaurant, so don't come expecting too notch service
So I've been meaning to try this place for a while and I have have to admit, I was pretty happy with everything we ordered. It's a family style Cantonese place that is famous for their Dungeness Crab with glutinous rice. The service was OK, but they did do a good job in swapping out plates for fresh ones. The restaurant is a good size and there seems to be a good number of waiters, but don't be fooled, during peak hours it can get busy.The food:Spicy jellyfish- this was a pretty standard Jellyfish dish. It was nicely chilled, the jellyfish had a nice crunch and a slight hint of spice from the chili oil. The pickled cucumber offers a nice contrast in flavor and a nice pickle note. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Crispy Seafood Rolls- I thought this was OK, the roll is fried nicely but a tad oily for me. The flavors were OK, but I don't necessarily see how this was a seafood roll? Also, I was not a fan of the overwhelming taste of celery from the inside. What gives? yelp.com/user_local_phot…Whelk with fishy sauce- This dish will be tricky for some, but it's pretty good. You have two options to eat this, you could pluck it out with the tableside toothpicks provided or you could suck the shit out of it to get the snail out. LOL Just remember not to eat that black cover that is at the beginning of the whelk meat. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Fried Lamb- this was my favorite dish. The lamb was so ridiculously tender and had a nice lamb taste. The red onion and garlic was a nice addition to the lamb, this is a must order. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Dungeness Crab with glutinous rice- this is what the restaurant is famous for and I thought it was just good. The rice was a short grain rice that reminds me of a sticky rice dish I get during dim sum. The texture of the rice was nice, the Dungeness was a little lacking in flavor for me. The Dugeness was just kinda there. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pepper & Salt Pork Chops- I think this dish was made well. The outside had a nice crisp texture and the pork inside was pretty tender. The flavor of the Pepper & Salt worked well with the pork. yelp.com/user_local_phot…House Special Sauce w/ dried squid- this was a nice stir fried seafood and chive dish. There was some kind of smoky Chinese sausage in the dish that reminded me of bacon, the squid and jellyfish were nice additions to plate. I thought this dish was a nice homey dish, nothing terribly exciting but still solid flavors. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
It was my favor Chinese restaurant in this area, especially the roast duck and black bean clams, but its price go up and taste is getting worse. The last time I went, I found clam was not clean with sand and roast duck was so salty. Also there was no service. The waitress made a mistake for our bill. She switch our bill to other big table. It cost us over $50 for two people without tips, but we found it finally. Totally, I was very disappointed. I think I won't go here again.
Traditional Cantonese Cuisine (Guangdong area.) Much closer to authentic cuisine than your typical General Tso's. Lots of seafood courses, which I don't eat, but other folks in my group loved it. Fun atmosphere.
Their menu changed. I ordered an cold appetizer and an vegetarian dish for take out, total $40, cash only.The appetizer was changed and used some cold cut meat from supermarket. Check the menu and ask about price before you sit or order.
Best chinese seafood restaurant in flushing. Dungeoness crab sticky rice is a staple dish here, don't forget to try their peking porkchop and deep fried "long lay" (dragon tongue?). Waiters are somewhat attentive, some will try to pretend they didn't see you the first time but just be a little more diligent, it's nothing personal. I usually bring out-of-towners or even brooklynites here, always a crowd pleaser!
This place never disappoints. We ordered the peking duck (amazing), the salt fish fried rice (nice and salty but not overwhelmingly so), and the spicy eggplant (highlight of my meal). When we left we were all super suoer stuffed. I like that they give you peanuts to start off your meal and fruits to finish. The service is nice and quick.
Here with some family and we were seated promptly and we ordered almost everything from Kung pao chicken to fish to veggies to the even famous crab sticky rice. The service is really good and they change your plate every time they see its dirty. Their hk style chow fun with chicken has bean sprouts which is different.
I had the sizzling black pepper beef for dinner. The flavor was excellent, and the meat tender, but the presentation could use some work. First of all, the food is supposed to be still sizzling on the hot plate when they serve the dish (many restaurants bring the dish on a separate plate along with an empty hot plate, and pour the contents over the hot plate in front of you). Here, there was no sizzling at all, and the places where the meat touched the plate weren't even charred. Additionally, the meat was in large chunks which had to be cut with a knife, which I found unusually for a Chinese restaurant.Still, I will give it a decent rating as the food was delicious.3.5 stars
I've been coming to Imperial Palace for the better part of 4 years. Mostly for special occasions such as celebrating the Lunar new year. They've always been a solid hit and one of the better options for Cantonese banquet style cuisine. Their big draw? Dungeness Crab sticky rice. The bread and butter, the star of the show which you'll be happy paying a market price of 35-40 dollars per order for. Unfortunately last week, we didn't get this experience. The first taste of the rice gave a subtle hint of crab flavor then  flatline into blandville. The other dishes we ordered were solid. Snow pea shoots w/ garlicc, pork chops peking style, shrimp w/ walnuts and fried tofu. Might I also recommend the black bean sauce with either snails or clams. Solid place but just such a disappointment about their all-star dish. Walking distances from the train ( main street, 7 line) and a few feet from Joe Shanghai.Gung Hay Fat Choy!
Great choice when in Flushing. The seafood is fresh and perfectly prepared. Love the fried oysters. Have not had the crab with sticky rice but the table next to us had it and it looks great. Parking can be found at a 2 tiered lot about a block away. It is run by Central Parking with pay stations. Best to just park there and not waste time looking for street parking.
Have been here numerous times (even had my dad's big 60th birthday here a few years ago!) and food is always consistent and delish!Came this past Friday for my hubby's birthday celebration. Ordered the usual goodness (jellyfish, salt baked squid, mayo shrimp, ging doh gwut aka sweet/sour pork chops, gum ju law peen aka fried tofu with conch and mixed veggies, dow mui aka snow pea leaves with minced garlic, twin lobsters in ginger scallion sauce, Vancouver crab with ho fun, chicken with salted fish and eggplant casserole, whole chicken with minced garlic and scallions, siu chow and crab meat mushroom ee mein). Dayams was that a feast!!! For our party of 13, there actually wasn't a whole lot of leftovers. Food was slammin jammins though, and including tax, came out to less than $300!!! I do feel like the portions aren't huge, but are enough for what you're paying for. Hubby said their portions have always been about the same, so i guess that's just the pig in me talking! oink oink!Don't come here expecting superior service...the waiters are attentive and will refill your tea, clear/replace your plates but don't expect deep conversations or for them to check in on you unless you need something.As most reviewers mention, definitely get the vancouver crab with either ho fun or sticky rice...with the ho fun, i feel like the flavor really gets seeped into each broad noodle strand. Drool! ;)Can't wait for my next trip back!!!
We discovered this place thanks to Eddie Huang's show and decided to check it out. Every table seemed to have an order of the dungeness crab and naturally we ordered one too. However, I don't think it was necessarily worth the hype or money, as the rice was great and flavorful but there wasn't too much crab meat. The steamed fish on the other hand, was so delicious and perfectly cooked. The simpler dishes, though, like the sweet and sour pork are some of the best dishes I think. Simple, flavorful, but so delicious.  Service was pretty great for a Saturday night as the restaurant was filling up, but the waiters were quite attentive and even stopped to let us take photos of the enormous lobsters they were showing to other tables!
Nice service and space. Convenient to the 7 train. Also provides quick take out service. Go for the Seafood crab and sticky rice in lotus leaf, black pepper scallops, or lamb chops. All were prepared well and was deliscious. I would definitely come back.
Came with my family to eat and the food was pretty good. The service was decent as well. I would definitely come back again!
I did not know anything about this place when I first went. I decided to go on impulse one day after class. I did not regret it. The lamb chops were really good in particular. I would recommend going if you're in the area.
Great fish , service n price . I am happy customer .The waiter was very nice , fresh food . They took out the bone from our fish.
I had the Peking duck...it was too dry for my preference. also ordered shrimp fried rice but didn't eat the shrimp because it wasn't cleaned properly. the waiter seemed to have an attitude. he also gave my friend & I a hard time when we tried splitting the check with two cards. wouldn't return again. the food wasn't the greatest.
This place is a Cantonese restaurant that focuses on seafood cuisine. I would highly recommend this restaurant to people who love seafood.
This place has great food. I have been here multiple times and enjoyed the food every time.The last experience I had was a little disappointing. We ordered 3 dishes one of them being the crab stuffed with sticky rice which is amazing.... Except that the charged double the normal price because "crab isn't in season" and they didn't inform us at the time of ordering!So three dishes cost us $95.00 (no drinks) We have never spent this much on the same exact dishes in the past, so it's safe to say I won't be going back for a while.
The service was great and food was fresh and tasty! I'm so surprised this is in Flushing! Maybe because it's a very competitive area.
Really good food. My favorite dish was the steamed crab with sticky rice. It looks a bit messy but the taste was there and balanced.Slow service and sometimes the staff didn't see that one want their attention so it's a bit of waiting if you want extra something after you've ordered. We started with a soup, fish tummy soup. Really delicious. Much better than other places in Flushing but I've yet tried all of them but so far this is best. (Congee Village on Manhattan used to be my favorite place for fish tummy soup but I suspect they got a new chef or a new recipe.)The duck we ordered was soso, not much to say about it I expected more flavors but it was still ok. The white bun is fluffy and soft.Overall the food was ok, we finished what we've ordered and no need of doggy bag. I'll definitely come back for more rice and crab :)
If you come here, you MUST order the steamed dungeness crab with sticky rice! As my husband said, it was "out of this world." It's not cheap but it's definitely well worth the splurge. Not many restaurants offer this dish anymore, and most of the ones I've tried were disappointing to say the least. All the other dishes we ordered were also really good. The staff was very attentive. Our dinner plates were changed out like 3 or 4 times throughout the meal, which was nice. The only issue I had was that when we asked about a good fresh fish, the waiter only recommended the most expensive fish, and I found that very annoying. But, it was Chinese New Year's Eve, so I can see that they were hoping to make an extra buck. So I'm interested to see if this happens again the next time I come back.
This is one of my favorite Cantonese style restaurants in Flushing. I always order here for lunch because of the lunch special and quality food. Their lunch special goes from 11:30am-4:00pm.I don't usually dine in because it can get pretty crowded. The great thing is that their take out wait time is averaged around 15 minutes. Lunch Dishes I love there:-Seafood with Bean Curd Casserole-Sable dish with Black Bean Sauce-Baby Shrimp with Egg (not sure if this is on the menu)-Chicken with Mixed Vegetables-Kung Pao Chicken (Spicy)My all time favorite soup is made at this restaurant: Subgum Winter Melon Soup. It's a clear soup mixed with vegetable and winter melon. It's got a lot of flavor and keeps your warm during the winter.
I've been a regular here for over 10 years. Service is great and the waiters are extremely friendly. Amazing authentic Cantonese food!
Don't try their sweet and sour ribs, really freshness, I never  get bad quality meat like that. And I told the situation to the cashier ,she just say "oh".The fish maw soup,they don't remove the dirt in the shrimp ，tasted so bad.But their seafood are fresh and tasted fine.Service is fine so I still leave a good tip. Anyway, never come back .
If you stop a random stranger in Flushing and ask them where can you get the best Dungeness Crab with Sticky Rice, I bet you 8 out of 10 will point you to Imperial Palace. Okay okay I might be exaggerating a little bit but the point is people know about Imperial Palace and what they are famous for.Imperial Palace is a sit down family style authentic Cantonese cuisine restaurant; it has always been solid in terms of food and services and a Go-To for my family. It is located in the heart of Flushing- for those who have trouble finding the place, it's 2 store away from Joe Shanghai (which all locals/tourists should know)This place gets pack real quickly (especially on weekends) so try to get here early (around 6- 6:30pm).I had the pleasure of taking my wife and two of our friends here on a Saturday night, we got there early 6:15pm and heck we even got a parking spot in front of the restaurant. Restaurant is big, reasonably clean and filled with round table w/white table cloth.  The waiters and waitresses are super friendly (not something you see a lot in Chinese restaurants) and they speak ENGLISH so if you ain't Chinese NO PROBLEMO!Okay let's move into the Main Event (MUST GET ITEMS)Here are some of my favorites:Dungeness Crab with glutinous rice/Sticky rice- You guessed! This is what they are famous for or what made them famous. How can you go wrong with sticky rice covered by Dungeness crab? No you can't and just imagine, as it is cooking the roe and the essences of the crab slowly drips off only to be absorbed by the sticky rice that has been infused by the aroma of the bamboo leaves. Can you feel me?? The crab meat is super moist because of the steaming and the rice is super rich in flavor! This is a MUST GET folks!!Pork Chop Peking Style- You mean there's actually meat in these things and not just fried fat? YES, this is definitely one of the best Peking Style Pork Chop I ever had and I eat a lot of pork chops.  The sauce is spot on, not sour but not overly sweet!  The texture of the pork chop is excellent, big crunch on the outside and juicy tender meat on the inside and best of all, you are not constantly chewing on FAT!! MUST GETPeking Duck- Folks don't be afraid of ducks; they taste like chicken- lol jk! But on a serious note the Peking duck here are super lean/juicy and the skin is so crispy and crunchy.  So what you do is you put a piece of boneless duck along with the skin (don't miss the most important part) into a soft chewy bun and then you add green onion and cucumbers to it, finally drizzle in some Hoisin sauce (Chinese BBQ sauce) into it and you get this wonderful Peking Duck Burger.  It's soOoo flavorful and the texture is just simply AMAZING! MUST GETThere are just so many other things that are so good here but I won't describe them all and let you explore them yourselves: Sautee Snow Pea Leaves with garlic or with triple eggs, Sizzling Fillet Steak, Pan Fried or Steamed Flounder, Seafood with Taro Nest (Photo worthy), Jumbo Shrimp with Mayo and Candied Walnut and seafood casserole.Price is definitely $$$ because you are eating mostly seafood here but I think it's worth the price simply due to the quality and quantity of food here.Imperial Palace proves themselves to be one of the most solid Cantonese cuisine in Flushing and it will continue to be on top of my list whenever special occasions come along! Just make sure you bring your wallet or credit card!!
I came here because a friend and I wanted something good to eat. My friends friend suggested we come here. We had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table. A lot of people waiting for tables. Service was ok, a bit slow at the end of our dinner. There was a common theme from some of the tables I saw. People got the crab sticky rice. We order one. We also got the sautéed spinach and the crispy fried chicken. Everything was good, but the crab sticky rice was YUMMY!!!. I think it was cooked just right. The crab sticky rice was delicious and amazing. I can see why everyone was getting it. Good thing I had friend with me because no way you can eat this by yourself. I was so full after that. Food coma!! It was $36 for seasonal price which wasn't bad. Definitely a must try if you are in the area.
Two of us came for dinner. It was Saturday, 6pm. The place was half empty, so no wait. We ordered the dungeness crab with sticky rice and grand marnier shrimp. The shrimp was good. The crab was exciting. I think there was one crab. The head was split in half. Sticky rice everywhere. Overall, I thought the crab rice needed more seasoning. I would get it again though. This was at market price and $42 on our bill. As someone who loves crab, I would say this dish doesn't have enough for me to want to share with more people. Service was very good. There was someone standing nearby and constantly changing plates as they filled up with crab parts. I also spilled a dish of peanuts. That was cleaned immediately.
I come here at least once a month with my family. The food is always on point, hence why they're always busy. If you're coming with a group of 6+, I recommend you to make a reservation. Otherwise, be prepared to wait 45-60 mins for a table (on the weekends). Their signature dish is the sticky rice with crab or lobster. Stir fried lobster is one of my favorites, along with the garlic chicken. If you love porkchops they have a delicious salt and pepper porkchop, or a sweet and tangy option. They are BYOB and charge a corking fee per bottle. Everything's delicious. Please go.
Came here with a group of friends and spent almost a thousand dollar for 10 of us. We only ordered 7 dishes, and some beers. They charged us $400 for a king crab. I think its over price, with a thousand dollar i can get a banquet table with 13 dishes.  But overall, the food was alright, nothing special, you can get some better Cantonese dishes somewhere else.1st star for the convenient, you can get up to 2 hours free parking if you dine in after 5pm.  2nd star for the service was not bad
Imperial Palace is spot on with their seafood dishes- tried their crab, shell, and steamed sea fish. All were excellently done, Cantonese style. The place is PACKED, full house once evening approaches. There's caucasians and Cantonese speaking customers abound; it's a sure sign Imperial Palace is the shiz of Flushing.I wish they provided the traditional bowl of tea with lemon slices to wash your hands once crab eating was over, but alas no. All they provide are wet napkins, which would never suffice. Their kai-lan vege dish could be improved, not enough of the garlic flavoring. It's something off the menu- in other words voice up any favorites and perhaps they can concoct the dish for you. With any fish that you order, the server will present you the fish in a net before it's cooked to ensure you're satisfied with the size and specie. It doesn't come cheap, ours was $75 given the size and serving for 4. Waiter was funny and friendly. Called the girls "leng lui"= pretty girls. Dishes are cleared and renewed multiple times. The steamed fish was cut and deboned for you by a server. The feels of Asia just swept back into my heart :)
WE WENT ALL THE WAY TO WAY TO FLUSHING MEADOW TO TRY THEIR STEAMED RICE WITH CRAB. Normally, I just stay in Manhattan and Brooklyn (yeah, yeah, you're typical tourist) but my boyfriend insisted that we try their steamed rice with crab because he saw Eddie Huang go there. And boy was it worth it. The subway ride was well worth it. We read on the reviews that it takes extra time to cook, so we actually called in and said we would be there in 20 minutes. When we got there, our crab rice was ready. Mmmm...so good. We also ordered the scallops with black bean. It was good but the crab. Oh my! The only reason for the one star was that it is very pricey. I think it was $40 for the crab and sticky rice dish alone. o.O Highly recommend though!
This restaurant is incredible.. Wonderful Cantonese Food..  The place is packed, always.. Service is brisk but, they get you what you ask for..  I am tired of hearing complaints about Chinese Restaurants.. I don't think you are going to get  your ass kissed or a bunch of pointless smiling, no you are not going to hear about your server's family, or make a pal for life.. But, a waiter can be a good waiter and not have a stupid grin on their face.. You want tea, put your cover up, and you get tea.. You ask for a beer, they get you a beer, you want vinegar or hot sauce, it comes quickly.. They might not do a dance for you but, service is fast..  We started this time with duck tongues. They are called salt baked but, they are most likely steamed and then fried.. Crispy salt shell gives way to molten liquidy duck tongue.. This was over the top delicious..  We ordered a few baked oysters with XO sauce.. The oysters were so large that I cut them into six pieces.. For 2.50 each, it was a wonderful deal.. These are not to be misses..  We then had a large plate of Chinese Broccoli, fried chicken skin with the shrimp paste and tarro, and their Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice..  Think of a perfect sheet of crispy chicken skin topping a wonderful steamed mixture of shrimp paste..  Very strange but, wonderful..  The Sticky Rice Dungeness Crab was on everyone's table.. And I love Crab.. However, regardless of the fact that the crabs were in a tank, they arent fresh out of the ocean.. They come from the West Coast.. So, it;s not the best move to create a dish that celebrates the freshness and subtle flavors of a well traveled crab.. Perhaps if we were in Seattle, I would have loved this dish..  Hell in Seattle, you don't even need butter.. The crabs are so sweet and fresh.. West Coast Crab out east needs some sauce.. I would recommend getting some garlic or chili crab instead of the Sticky Rice Crab..  We went at around 10 o clock on a Saturday and the crowds were just dieing down..    Get the pork chops, the lamb chops, the fried flounder, the sable, the pea shoots, the duck is ok too.  Place is amazing!
Not that bad, but honestly I am not sure about the value of the food or the service.We had Oysters, Seafood Casserole, Vegetable Casserole, and Orange Beef.The oysters were big however they may have been overcooked making them not as easy to chew. The flavors are standard XO sauce so if you like that then go for it. Seafood Casserole was just fine with your medley of various seafood critters. Vegetable Casserole was alright but the lettuce used was not as good since it had slight bitter taste when honestly this particular species is supposed to be sweet so I mean whatever floats your boat. Might be from the summer heat we have been under lately.The orange beef was not bad, the sauce was sweet but it was very difficult to tell when the orange flavor would be coming in unless you bit the rinds of the citrus fruit they use.Service was rushed it seemed and not happy, but hey everyone needs a living.The setting is fine if you are able to handle relatively loud backgrounds. The seating is fine, just a bit tight. Decorum is just like any other old school Chinese restaurant. The bathroom was rather clean and so was the dining area so maybe they have a good score with the department of health. Overall not bad food but for 80 bucks for the value of the ingredients and cooking, its really not worth it I feel.
Excellent!  Our go to restaurant closed and we found this wonderful place.  Wish it was closer to home but we will become regulars here.  Wontons we delicate and flavorful.  We shared a dish of Lake Ting Tung Shrimp and brown rice.  Excellent.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in New York City. Very authentic. They are famous for their casserole dishes. My favorite casserole dish is preserved pork and rice casserole. Make sure you order the casserole dish as soon as you sit down, as it takes 30 minutes to prepare. You will have plenty of time to get water or tea and look through the menu and order other stuff after you put in your casserole order. You should also get their pan fried flounder. They make it to perfection and you can't get it like this anywhere else. I also like to order their salt and pepper pork chop and some vegetable dish to complete the meal. Feeds 3 people comfortably. If you go during their lunch time, all these are in the $6-$7 range. Order them and share family style.
Best crab/mini shrimp crusted golden rice I've ever had, my x gf who is Cantonese took me here and I couldn't wait for another excuse to go back. Nice old-school looking decor inside and staff is fast and on top of their game. Food is no joke, makes me want to take a jaunt off to Mainland China!On my way back really soon!!
It is now New Imperial palace. The service is excellent  the plates were changed often as we chowed down: - fish maw with crab meat soupGreat starter soup- scallops with garlic sauce- lobster 2 of them- Dungeness crab with sticky rice warped in lotus leaves. - Chinese watercress stir friedThe flavor and fatties of crab steamed into sweet sticky rice. It has the taste similar to sea urchin but a bit more mineral. The rice tastes a bit bland but rich. The crab was sweet. All in all it was not the best but quality dishes. Our waiter is the best.
Awesome food. Everything is very tasty and service is good. I think the majority of dishes are stir fried and the food is cooked fast and comes out very fast. The seafood casserole with tofu (menu listed as bean curd) is tasty along with the peppered scallops.
MY 300TH REVIEW!!!We came here to try the crab with sticky rice after hearing some good things about it. When I first saw the dish I felt a bit disappointed as there was so much rice and not that much crab. Then I ate the dish.  Make no mistake folks - this dish is all about the sticky rice. It's really friggin good. The crab is the sideshow. The two of us couldn't finish the rice and took it home. Two days later, when we heated it up and ate it again it was still goodWe also had some snow pea leaves which was very leafy (a good thing!) but had a lot of oil. I noticed the restaurant had a lot of older patrons, none of whom was ordering the sticky rice but had whole lobster dishes on their plates. We will have to come back for that, but for now I have a go to place if I'm craving sticky rice.
Food was just okay.  Ordered crispy seafood rolls, and couple other dishes, and the crab over the sticky rice which is so overrated.  The rice was mushy, saucy, and no flavor.  However, a pretty attentive service.  They kept giving us fresh plates and making sure enough hot tea.  I was saying I want some hot sauce for the beef noodle to my mom.  I guess the waiter walked by the table heard what I said, and he came back with a small plate of chili paste.  Very impressive!
I really love their seafood pan fried noodles. I've also tried the jumbo shrimp in sweet and sour sauce, sautéed string beans with meat, chicken with broccoli and everything is always fresh, properly cooked and not too salty. The service is great and the food excellent!!
Great Cantonese food!I went here recently with a few friends. It always helps to go with someone who is familiar with Cantonese style food and and can speak the language, but not necessary. We ordered a few dishes - the crab with sticky rice, mushrooms and bamboo shoots, mayo shrimp, and mah por tofu. All were quite tasty and came out quickly.The staff was very attentive and helpful. I would recommend coming here for some authentic Cantonese food!
4 stars.Came here for midweek dim sum and was quite pleased. Quite a large variety of offerings and the offerings came out well prepared by Cantonese standards.  1 quibble: they have daily $1/dish offerings but we hardly ever saw those daily specials rolled out.I'm betting that dinners equally good and will look forward to trying that someday...
We stopped at Flushing Chinatown for dinner before our 8:30pm flight from LGA. It only about 10 mins drive between these two places. Definitely chose this place over the airport food. We managed to find a place to park near the Main street. And parking is still $1 per hour instead of $4 per hour in Chicago. NiceDebated between this one and a Shanghai place next door but ended up wanting some warm Fish Congee . We were not super hungry so only ordered Stir fried Pea tips with eggs in addition of Fish Congee. I would say this is a typical Hongkong/Cantonese style place. Waiters were dressing nicely and super efficient. We told them that we have a flight to catch so they served us very quickly. Like lots of Cantonese places, they have complimentary tea and a petite appetizer plate then the sweet desert type soup after the entrees in the end. Loved those in a cold night.Fish congee was decent, very comparable with what we got from Chicago Chinatown. The stir fried pea pod tips were served in a huge portion which mixed with three different eggs: stir fried eggs, salted eggs, and preserved eggs. Those eggs mixed with green pea pod tips gave the veggie a delicious taste and a beautiful color mix too. I really liked it. Very impressive food quality and decent services. Recommend if you like Cantonese food.
Been here twice in 10 days so I'm sure this says it all.  Crab & sticky rice is a must especially if you getting during non-peak (high price) season.  The peking pork chops is excellent too.  Can't wait to try more Cantonese delicacies.
I had dinner here last night with a group of friends that were unfamiliar with Flushing. This place is awesome - the food and service are great and the pricing reasonable. ***If you are visiting from Manhattan, take the LIRR from Penn Station to Main St Flushing. It's 2 stops and costs $9.50 at peak times, but it's an 18 minute ride compared to taking the subway, which could take almost an hour. From the Main St Flushing stop, you're looking at a 3 block walk.We had the dungeness crab sticky rice (perfectly cooked crab in savory sticky rice - the head parts were the best and the brains oozed into the rice like poached egg yolk freakin awesome!), croquettes (not my fave, but a lot of ppl rave about it), fried rice (really nice), Peking pork chops (one guy in my group housed at least half of the order and said it was the best thing he's ever had as it was not only sweet and salty, but also fried!), lamb chops (fantastic seasoning and the charred onions were a good accompaniment) fish maw soup (really awesome w/ the vinegar), and snow pea leaves with salty, 1000 year, and regular egg in broth.To say we were stuffed would be the least and this place was packed on a Monday night for dinner. Definitely check it out if you're in the area and consider making the trip from NYC.
3rd time here in 3 years.  There are places you know you come only because of the food, certain dish that you can't find elsewhere. This place offers the best Cantonese seafood in Flushing, in my opinion.
The food here is so fresh and the flavors complement, not drown, the featured ingredients.  Especially noteworthy is the attention given to diners, accommodating special needs, or just recognizing returning customers.  Considering the high volume of business everybody is given time and attention.  My recent favorites were pan fried noodles, steamed whole fish, and spinach.  If you have to wait for a table remember it is well worth it :-)
The food is consistently delicious even though there is a high demand. The wait is crazy but so worth it. We love Cantonese food and this is the real deal! So go ahead try it and you will love it and go back all the time it is that addictive :) the service is good and once seated they make the food very quick.
I've been here on a number of occasions and the food never disappoints. From the steak to the pork chop, to the fresh vegetables it all makes my mouth want more.  Order a bunch of dishes to share and you'll leave happy and full.  I always do.  The staff is always friendly and the food is quick to come out.  They always finish you off with some red bean soup and some fruit to cleanse the palate.
Came here because of Eddie Huang and boy I'm glad we did! The crab with sticky rice was one of the best crab dishes I have ever had! Thanks imperial palace and thanks Eddie Huang!
We had a really good Cantonese meal at this Michelin-reviewed restaurant.  The clam casserole, roast chicken, tofu scallops, and pea shoots were excellent.  There are generous fruits for dessert and consider going to a local bakery such as the New Flushing Bakery a block or two away next to the train station.  Cantonese food can be a little salty so you might consider asking for low sodium.
very disappointed, suggests all the customers have to double check you Bill, you may get over charge.
Be aware of long wait on the weekend but do not fear. You will get your delicious crab over sticky rice in order. We came here with some friends and we got lucky since we know the manager! I mean my friend does ;) So we ordered their famous crab with sticky rice and it was excellent. The rice was cooked just right and the flavor was great. There are perhaps 2 crabs inside and it is suitable for 4 people to share. We also ordered their lamb chop and it is a very interesting way of cooking lamb chop, Chinese style. It is also a must try if you fancy lamb. I really enjoyed their walnut shrimp too as it is crispy and sweet. Overall, this is a solid Cantonese restaurants where you will see tons of Chinese locals dining here. The price is not as low as other restaurants but it is worth it.
Came here for dinner tonight Pros:- Cheap parking, actually free after 5PM! You get the ticket and then you go inside the restaurant and ask for a stamp :) - Red Bean Soup for dessert - one of the FEW places left that SERVES and makes it WELL! (Tip: only real cantonese restaurants make this well) - Small place - good thing tonight because it wasn't too noisy Cons:- dungeness crab with sticky rice - overrated and pricey. Minimal crab meat and too much rice - very diluted tea - please add more tea leaves! - for a Chinese restaurant with the same dishes, this place is pricey
The reviews are right. I really have nothing else to add.  As promised this was an excellent meal and well worth the price.  Strangely enough a B rating by the NYC food inspectors from the dept of health.
Skip everything on the menu because you can get that at any similar spot. Just order the sticky crab rice cause the hype is pretty real. Every table in this bitch had it.
Wow, I went back this past weekend and my mind was blown.  This was some of the best Chinese food I can remember having in a long time. We ordered the pan fried flounder which was delicious.  There was not a lot of meat, but I guess that comes with ordering a flounder.  Deep fried, crispy with moist fish meat, lots of bones, delicious. The pan fried scallops was also amazing.  This was the best dish on the table.  It came out so hot and the broccoli that came with it was cooked to perfection. Crab with glutinous rice was delicious as before.  Be prepared this is a messy dish and crab shreds will be exploded all over the table when your done trying to get to all the crab meat.The seafood with pan fried noodles.  The noodles were perfectly good.  The calamari on the dish was tender.  The sauce was just right.  Bathrooms were clean.  Service was on top of it.  This place has a nice mix of locals and tourists.
Went there for a wedding.  Place wasn't spacious; the tables towards the back of the restaurant, once filled with customers, were near impossible to navigate between.  The restrooms were a severely too small and not really clean.  If you can overlook all that, you'll be fine.  The food were tasty, waiters (at least the ones for our table) were funny and pleasant.  This place gets packed quickly though so reservations might come in handy if you're planning on Friday/Saturday night dining.
Maybe we didn't try the right food but it seems to be a normal Chinese restaurant in the US - not as impressive as some other Chinese restaurants. But it's indeed very popular. Service and environment are also pretty okay.
Magical, divine, sublime.....I could go on and on about my experience with the food at this establishment , but to sum it up, best Cantonese restaurant ever.The many times I have been to this  place, there has not been one dish that has disappointed or has let me down in any way what so ever.The sticky rice with crab.......do I really have to say anything? have the various rave reviews not said it all? Let me interject with this, mouth watering, the crab is amazing, the meat is succulent firm yet tender, and sweet the way only truly fresh seafood is. The sticky rice is sticky yet not too wet, sprinkled with scallions and fried strips of garlic, it is truly the perfect complement to an already heavenly dish.Snow pea shoots. garlic envelop the senses. The vegey has the right amount of salt, cooked at exactly the right temperature as it is not too soggy or raw, and is probably smother with either MSG or crack as there is no other way to describe its addictiveness.i could write about the other dishes but these two were by far my favorite, nothing in this restaurant is a let down
I went to this Cantonese restaurant with my family on a Friday night. It was pretty busy at the time but that didn't stop us from having good service. Waiters are very friendly and accommodating. This is a great seafood restaurant. Everything we ordered tastes fresh and not fishy tasting. Some dishes we ordered:Lobster Rice: This is one of their favorite dishes. It's absolutely delicious. I'm not sure if it's worth $40 though. Tofu with seafood: Not sure if this is the actual name. It's tofu in steaming seafood stew. I seemed to be the only one who didn't like this dish. I like it when tofu is strong tasting and sadly this dish was far from that. I suggest you get this if you like clams. Salt and pepper pork chops: Can't go wrong with it. It is seasoned with salt and pepper.Seafood with chives: This is my second to favorite dish. The chives really complement the squid. Minus one star because their bathrooms are dirty. Also, when I got home and checked their health inspection grade, boy it sure wasn't good. They received a C.
This is the only Cantonese restaurant that I love. They have great tasting food. They are always busy on Friday night and weekend. The service can improve, hence the one star off. Their crab rice is the best I have tasted. I have tried other places but none of them measure up to them. Their crab rice just has this flavor that is delicious. Their lamb chop is delicious. The taste, the flavor, the way they plate it is beautiful. They added chopped onions, celery on top of the lamp chop. They flavor their lamp chop just right. Their seafood tofu pot is also deliciously yummy. It does not taste too salty at all. Other restaurants' seafood tofu pot just does not measure up to this restaurant. Overall great tasting food. Given that it is located in Downtown Flushing parking on the weekends is a bit difficult unless you go at 5:30 the latest. Also the place is a but crowded and the service lacks when it gets very busy.
This is my family's to-go-to restaurant whenever we go out to eat as a family. Therefore, I've been coming out here for years. Their dungeoness crab fried rice is AMAZING and to die for! It's super flavorful and it's good to share with others. Other things I personally like includes their spicy clam soup and any fresh fish.Definitely come here earlier because the wait gets ridiculously long. Or make reservations.
Used to have the best Steamed Crab with Glutinous Rice in NYC. However, we went to have dinner and orders this dish, it's a big disappointment. It's not Monday that the chief usually no show. It's a Tuesday dinner. Other the than, the Steamed Daily Fish, Special Watercress & Chicken Soup, and Pea Sprout in Broth are decent & authentic.
The food here is really good. Efficient service and food comes quickly to your table after your orders are placed despite the restaurant being packed. Crowded and loud environment. The steamed crab with sticky rice is a must try! One of the best seafood placed in Flushing, Queen.
It's actually called NEW Imperial SEAFOOD Palace - and the food is really excellent, with an amazing array of choices - including crab in sticky rice, lobster in yi mien noodles, and all the classics.  The waiters have a cheerful disposition, but beware - this place gets crowded and you better make a reservation if you want to get a table. It isn't the largest space, so it can get cramped.  I was really annoyed with the badly behaved kids behind me who kept bumping into my chair.  I suppose a larger restaurant would have made that go away, but honestly, it is better parenting that's needed.  The prices are also fair to boot.
Perfect score tonight.  Great execution of old time faves, and great service.  Peking Pork chop, beef chow fun dry and fresh steamed sea bass.  One of the best Chinese meals the last 12 months ( in the US. Since I've been to Asia the last two months and it has been fantastic in Shanghai Tokyo and hong kong).  Great dinner.
I use to go here very often when I was younger. We had the seafood roll which was really filling and pretty good. We had the scallops and broccoli which was alright-I had better. The fried roast chicken was really good along with the sauce that comes along with it. Finally we had their signature dish- the lotus rice with crab. I recall it being better when I was younger. The staff was very nice and was always attentive to us. Although the food doesn't live to its standards from back in the day, the staff is always so friendly and nice so four stars from me.
Great place for dinner with your family! Whenever my family and I go out to dinner with my cousins and aunt/uncle, we always end up coming here since the wait staff knows us and are very attentive. Their speciality is the crab rice which is pretty good. At the end of your dinner, they give you fruits and red bean soup which is a good way to end your meal. There's a lot of space in the restaurant also so you won't be squished next to another family.
This used to be my family's go to restaurant for occasions until we found a funny-looking, curly black hair in our jellyfish. When my mother brought it up with our waiter, he claimed, rather defensively, it was seaweed and that it wasn't what she thought it was. That really ruined the restaurant for us.
Luckily my family and I made reservations and came here early for dinner at 6pm because there was no way a group of 24 people could have found tables at 8pm as there was a decent wait.My family and I have dined here quite a few times and we always enjoyed the food. The food does comes out all at once so the first 15 minutes was really reshuffling the dishes around our tables. Service overall is great. Because we were such a large group, we gave the server our pre-order on paper and they got everything down to the tee. The best dishes were:- Sticky crab rice- Peking style duck (be prepared for fatty slices and ask for the bones of the duck so you can make some soup out of it!)- Snow pea Leaves (very good quality and cooked well)- Sauteed lobster- Prawns (huge!) with broccoli and walnuts ...- Bird's nest with a mix of seafood- Lamb was amazing! So juicy and succulent- Beijing style pork chops.... going going goneDon't expect this to be a long relaxing dinner. As any Chinese restaurant, they focus on fast deliver of food and turnover. They take credit card.
Good restaurant. Very traditional Chinese and only Asian people go here.The reviews are based on their food preference if that helps.
I have eaten here three times over the past two years. Everything is solid and tasty, but there is an inconsistency in service, and sometimes it appears that the quality control is absent at the kitchen door.  One of the reviewers mentioned that the menu has non-Cantonese entries with Cantonese interpretations.  This is true.  It is best to stay with the true local cuisine as it is very good most of the time.  However, I have had soups with knotted noodles that should have been separated in cooking, and raw oysters in reused shells that probably sat around too long before being plated and sauced.  So, it is best to ask when the oysters or other fish were obtained, and insist on same day produce and raw food.  There is nothing wrong in asking to see the fish before it is cooked. It seems that the soups are now served in smaller bowls, but they are generally quite good. The service is OK, but again, not always consistent.  Last night, one of the service people just stood by our table waiting for us to finish a dish so he could remove it.  Better to go do something else and walk back a few minutes later.  Ownership is very friendly and proud of their establishment. Maybe not the best Cantonese food in New York, but certainly worth a visit, or multiple tries.  On a good day it might be right up there.
Came here with my family and other fellow employees for a Christmas party and got the set menuThe good:-Sautéed beef with broccoli and fried fish cake(probably best dish here)- steamed bass-dungeoness crab (albeit very messy)-fried rice-service-sauces that you have to specifically order-peanuts yoThe bad:-shrimp cake topped with chicken skin (zero flavor)-seafood Shanghai style noodles ( holy shit its bland and there's barely any seafood)-not a fan of abalone/sea Cuke though a few in my group said it was decent because of the soft spongy texture-sautéed squid with razor clams /celery/snow peas (squid smelled funky, clams were okay)-sharks fin soup (I thought this was illegal in ny; too much cornstarch, stock tasted off)If you're going to come here, pick your foods wisely.
I enjoyed  the crab over sticky rice. I am a crab lover. This is a unique  way of enjoying crab. The rice and crab was a good match.  We also had baby shrimp  over pan fried noodle. That was also good. I am glad I found  the restaurant  where  I can enjoy seafood  in Chinese  dish. The quantity  was huge and we are  very satisfied. The staffs  are efficient  and kind.
Overrated!I Came here because Eddie Huang (famous restaurateur) pumped up the Dungeness crab in sticky rice dish as ONE of the best dishes you can get. It was bland, not a lot of meat, and the rice was just too glutinny to me. Keeping this review short, the Dungeness crab isn't worth coming out to Queens for if you are in Manhattan!
So apparently we waited one hour (and still waiting) for a table. The host of the restaurant got his wait list all jumbled up. He doesn't even give us an answer (nor does he care) when we ask how long will our table be. So far we've gotten shit service and we didn't even get sat down yet. It's one thing to be busy but it's another thing to be totally ignored. I am a human being and paying customer and should not be treated like a pest.
We had heard that New Imperial is the younger, hipper version of the same food served by its owners over at nearby East Lake Seafood Restaurant on Prince Street.And one of my friends, who eats often at East Lake, said that New Imperial is definitely worth the hype. As for me, I thought the food was good -- but the menu is so huge that it would take a few more visits to get a feel for the place. But I won't be back...For dinner, we had a chef's special: $27.99 dungeness crab with sticky rice. It's a large platter, one selection among tons of seafood items, including frog, dried squid, sea cucumber, etc.Unfortunately, I'm also sorry to report that the restaurant serves shark's fin, a cruel and stupid Chinese delicacy -- which is being outlawed in so many places because of its brutality (the sharks are caught, their fins are hacked off and they are thrown back into the ocean to drown, defenseless).Many progressive Chinese restaurants have either taken shark's fin off the menu completely or are serving mock shark's fin made of vegetable-y substitutes. So even though I'd like to explore New Imperial's offerings further, I won't return while shark's fin remains on the menu.
There are no shortage of Cantonese restaurants in NYC, a dime a dozen in any of the major Chinatowns in the area. The dominance of this cuisine amongst the Chinese palates becomes obvious in America, with regard to it's indisputable culinary variety and a nod to the last century of the giant wave of Chinese immigrants, the majority of whom were southern Chinese. Imperial Palace features the kind of Cantonese food where immigrant generations of both future and past can marvel at the simple, yet exquisite execution of classic dishes and as well a spin on mainstream ones. And for the many who know this cuisine well, there is a lot to appreciate here.From looks alone, Imperial Palace is hardly palatial. Cheesy Chinatown white table cloths (but are sometimes "red" for special occasions), a randomly multicolored sign, a dated carpet that has seen it's fair share of spills and stains, make it difficult to distinguish this place from other Chinese joints. Even the water tank full of live seafood is hardly impressive, though come to think of it, who wants a beautiful water tank when most of the swimmers are wok food later anyway? I digress.As it is often said, "it's all about the food." And here at Imperial Palace, it really is. One of their most popular dishes, the dungeness crab with sticky rice ($28) is a truly remarkable meal in itself. Composed of sticky rice steamed with a shelled dungeness crab, it is the kind of food porn that most seafood lovers dream of, coupled with the intense aroma the dish breathes onto the table at any point during it's entrance. It might feel a tad pricey at nearly $30, but if it were any less than $20, something tells me the crab wouldn't be dungeness and the rice wouldn't be sticky. My favorite rendition of the Peking pork chop ($14 - Ging Do Pai Gwut) is here, where the sauce isn't too overbearing or sweet, and the pork chops are often just savory enough with a bit of crispy and always moist. Even a Cantonese classic, crispy chicken ($15 for a whole - zha zi gai) is just right - crispy on the outside followed by a savory and juicy chunk of chicken on the inside. The crispy vegetable fritter ($10 - zha coi guen) is a great starter dish, with plenty of crisp without the likelihood of spilling any runny sauce from the filling. Need a noodle dish? I recommend the seafood yee noodles ($17 - hoi seen yee fu mein), with fresh bits of seafood sprinkled all over a hot bed of yee noodles, thickened like they were the wedding version (cheurng sau mein - longevity noodles), but ironically, better.The list goes on and on, I haven't had a bad dish they couldn't fix on the spot. There are times when the service gets a little lackluster, but a little patience (especially on the weekends) and it's likely they'll come through for you rather than the other way around. Don't be afraid to ask if they have any weekly specials, as they often have a lot of great stuff to feature that isn't always on the menu.There will always be debates and comparisons about how this place ranks in the Cantonese cuisine totem pole but what matters is the dishes are quality and the feasts that can be had here are certainly quite epic. Regardless of whether or not this place is the "best" or not, this is still one of the better options in Flushing and certainly the go-to Cantonese restaurant amongst many locals.
This place is always busy because it's really good. Food is fresh and portions are big. I really like their fried pork chop and fried tofu. Their sizzling steak is also very tasty. Our family usually orders 6-8 dishes and they come out quick and hot. The red bean soup and fresh fruit dessert is also good. This is one of the restaurants we always return to.
Came here after reading the reviews for the dungeoness crab fried rice. All we ordered was just the dungeoness crab fried rice. They give you a lot of rice and a decent amount of crab, so it's definitely a shareable dish for up to three people. I'm not a big fan of having to remove shells off an item to eat, so maybe that's why I didn't think this dish was that great. The crab tastes like normal crab to me.
Some of the best seafood I've had in a chinese food establishment. Had sautéed seafood mix with veggies in a waffle type plate. Every single ingredient in the dish was delicious. Melted in the mouth. Shared with my wife but unwillingly :)Excellent pork fried rice on the side. Not too greasy and not too salty. Just right. Huge portion (enough for 2-3 ppl). My wife and I couldn't finish it.Overall not the cheapest place in the area but quality and generous portion sizes make it a good value.After we left I started to plan my next visit to this place.
I throughly enjoy banquet style restuarants! It has such a great feel and vibe and also the food is amazing and alot which both I like! When you walk in you can tell it hs super banquet like with the large red table clothes and the big tables and the types of menus. But what I love is it is a casual crew inside people are honestly coming here to eat with their family like a normal restuarant we don't need to through a party to enjoy banquet food! And I totally love that! The staff is very observant and quick with the orders and cleaning up. I ordered some seafood rolls which was very delicious and very hot! We also got the infamous shrimp with mayo and walnuts! Cooked just right so yummy! And we got my favorite noodle dish which is the yei mein and also some veggie fried rice. Now everything was pretty tasty but the fried rice was a but plain but it was fine with all the flavors from the other dishes. But be warned it is huge the portion sizes it is enought to feed a lot of people. But for the price of it all it was pretty good like 50 dollars for 4 dishes. All in all I throughly enjoyed eatting here.
Wow now this is the best Chinese food I ever eat. And that went for the test of my family also. Everything for served extra fast. The fid was hot fresh and taste wad perfect. I will go there next time for sure.
I'll give it 4-4.5 stars.After coming from a museum opening at queens museum... Me and my party were super hungry. Saw this place specialized in something unique... Crab sticky rice. Place was pretty busy when we got there around 9 but the back area had a few tables left. We order HK lobster. Steam chicken in ginger. Crab sticky rice. Fish maw soup. Oysters xo sauce.The fish maw was pretty good and I'm sure it's hard to mess up... The oysters were amazing. On the salty side but that's bc of the sauce and it being an oyster after all... But simply great. The HK lobster had to be one of the best for me. They didn't have the minced pork I'm user to..but the batter had a nice hint of sweetness. The chicken was a little miss for me. My table thought it was going to be steam chicken with sauce on side... But this came out with the chicken in the sauce. It was ok... Nothing special to me. The crab sticky rice I thought was interesting combo... But it wasn't "great". I guess I had high expectations... Thought the rice needed little more seasoning like dim sum sticky rice... That's what I was expecting. But overall the table liked it. The price was on the expensive side but it's seafood... It's big enough for four.. Maybe as appetizer even BC of price.. But I'd do 2 oysters... Mm. Another reason this place is awesome is the service we received. I'm use to Asian service... Rude in your face I don't give a shit... But this place was really good. On top of us with new plates.. Changing this getting that... Pretty awesome for Chinese place. I'm use to normal Asian service so this " nice" service was really refreshing.
BEST CAntonese Restaurant for DINNERS QUEENSMUST TRY:1. Lamb Chops - Moist Tender, no Gamey flavor at all!2. Dungeness crab in Sticky Rice - Order as soon as you sit down, takes a whle but so worth it
Many of my friends have been telling me to try this restaurant.  They rave about the stone crab and sticky rice dish.  So for my mothers birthday, I decided to take her here for some good ol seafood (Chinese Style)! The crab and sticky rice dish was pretty pricey but it was enough for 4 people! Lots of Crabs in the dish. Since we came during labor day weekend it was nearly 35 dollars for that dish.  Add in some squid/seafood mixed with tofu,  and Marinated Beef. and it's actually more than enough food for the 4 of us.  Everything tasted great and my mom left happy and full! That's about the best that I can ask for!
Since I was teen with parents attending this restaurant, this 10 years-old restaurant always has so awesome food and services. The Dungeness crab with sticky rice was so amazing dish and highly recommended! You will definitely love it if you are a big fan of seafood!
came here to try the famous sticky rice with crab. also ended up trying steamed oysters which were huge and delicious if you're an oyster lover. the sticky rice isnt cheap but its a treat if you want to do some work for  your crab meat. we also had peking porkchops and the service was decent. it was packed mostly with small families. prepare to spend good money for the famous crab rice since its SP/MP!
This one made it to the Sifty 50 for some reason but we were quite disappointed. Came here for lunch and had some really bland crispy noodles and ludicrously oily fish that made us a bit queasy afterwards. With all the great Chinese food elsewhere in Flushing, why not try elsewhere?
Items selected:Peking DuckMixed Seafood CongeeGreen TeaWhite Cherries and PineappleRecommended by a well respected fellow gourmand as the best place for Peking Duck in Flushing I entered Imperial Palace with high expectations and arriving only moments after they opened for dinner service and I found the restaurant empty throughout most of my meal - on one hand a bit awkward, but on the other allowing for the best service I've ever received in a Chinese restaurant anywhere and some rather excellent cuisine, as well.  Beginning first with a selection of teas, my choice being green, and then a bowl of congee rife with shrimp, scallop, sea bass, octopus, and crab while I waited for the duck's quoted prep-time of "twenty to thirty minutes" it would in fact be almost forty five minutes before the bird arrived, carved in the kitchen and well worth the wait with a thin ribbon of fat separating roasted flesh from crisp skin and the added bonus of both drumsticks and a pile of shrimp chips plus bao, hoisin, and vegetables to complete the plate.  Bite for bite one of the better Peking Duck preparations I've had, particularly when adding a bit of the gamey leg meat to the mix, and finishing up with complimentary fruits just as the restaurant began to fill with a large party of Cantonese speaking patrons for a private party I'd be hard pressed to name a better sub-$30 duck preparation, particularly in New York.
I used to come here off and on for birthdays and special occasions. I was in the mood for Peking duck and I came here based off recommendations from the Internet. I ordered Peking duck and fried rice since I was with a female and she doesn't eat much. Peking duck was normal but the fried rice was burnt which tasted funky. You can see the little burnt chips on the rice. I told the manager and he proceeded to smell the rice which was kinda weird.
I finally got to try the dungeness crab fried rice (their most infamous offering), and it lived up to all its renown.  Though it was pricey ($27-$30, I believe), it was large enough to satisfy my family of five, and most importantly it was fragrant and delicious.  Sweet crab meat and sticky rice is a killer combination that should get a patent.  You can order this as takeout, which is what we did, and they do an excellent job of packaging and insulating your food so that it says fresh and warm when you get back to your crib.  This particular dish is only slightly fussy because of the crab shells, but at least you know it's fresh, yummy meat.  Otherwise, definitely try it if you want something perfectly exotic and tasty!
This place is always busy the several times I have been here so there is usually a wait to get a table. I think it has a lot to say with how good the food is, especially since there are many Chinese restaurants around the area.  I definitely recommend getting the seafood bean curd. It comes out sizzling on your table and definitely good to start off with. I got the:Lobster chinese stylepork chop peking style Beef pan fried noodlesThe fried pork was the best I've ever had and I've been to many chinese restaurants. They give you big hunks of pork fried topped with jalapenos. The service is really quick and most of the time they want you to eat fast and get out quick since there the space is small and there are a lot of people. Definitely check this place out if you are just looking for some good Chinese food.
the food was good, very low key. if you are looking for fancy dinning this is a NO. its kind of a place where the workers sit down on the table next to you with a big basket of bean sprouts, cleaning them. over all the service and the staff is good i am customer because the food was delicious.
Another meal here with a friend was very different than my first Imperial Palace visit - but still great food. It was absolutely packed, so we ate at the very back of the restaurant. The first server struggled to understand our questions in English, so turned it over to a very nice, patient gentlemen who was very accommodating. We had some soup, and I talked my dining companion into trying the duck tongue - a first for us both. Turned out extremely tasty, stir-fried with a spicy, but not hot brown sauce and peppers and snow peas. She wasn't willing to be quite as adventurous on the entree, asking for Chicken and Broccoli, but I talked the waiter into adding a little Chinese broccoli to the mix, and that was well received. And of course, we had a crab sticky rice. Great food, good service, and you could eat here a year and never have the same thing twice.
For Cantonese seafood, this is definitely a good cheap eats.  You can get a plate of fresh flounder steamed to perfection for $6.  Moreover, they have other favorites such as Peking duck with steamed buns, Peking style pork chops and tofu seafood claypot.  For good, cheap Chinese food at a reasonably clean restaurant with decent decor, dine here!  For $18, try their pan fried flounder, seafood bean curd casserole, and sliced beef chow fun.  Don't forget to order the sizzling filllet steak or veal chops with black pepper sauce too!  If you're into seafood, feast on the sauteed two lobsters with ginger and scallion.  They even serve you complimentary bone broth soup to warm your taste buds and tummy up to a scrumptious meal of deals.  Service is fast and friendly.  The ambiance and decor is your standard fare.  Parking lots are available around the corner in case there isn't street parking.
Very disappointed.Went there looking forward to the dungeness crab with glutinous rice... The rice itself was fine but the crab didn't taste good at all. The best dungeness crabs I've had were in San Francisco- they were plump, flavroful, juicy... This crab tasted pretty horrible but it isn't surprising considering they are crammed in the tanks.The clams with black bean sauce tasted a bit like chlorine or some sort of chemical... Maybe the water they were kept in was not very clean.The garlic pea shoots were okay...Definitely will not take that subway ride all the way to Flushing to eat at this place again. Maybe we ordered the wrong stuff... but I feel that tasting their signature dish (dungeness crab) should give you an idea of how the rest of their food is.
This place is legit Cantonese food in a super clean restaurant with great service. I love that they take reservations for large parties. Took my husband out here for his birthday with the family. All of the MANY dishes we ordered were stellar and they stored his birthday cake in their fridge and cut and plated the cake for us at the end of the meal for no charge. :)Note: doesn't accept American Express
The food is ok. Typical Chinese food loaded with msg.  One day I ordered some lunch specials close to 4 and when I went to pick it up a little after 4 the old lady told me that I can't do this and that I should pick it up at 4 on the dot. She said next time I won't give it to you blah blah blah. It was closed to $30 and she told me it needs to be $35 and up to charge.  So basically she didn't like that I ordered so late even though the menu said lunch specials are 11-4pm.  Again typical chinese restaurant - they make up rules as they go...
The first time I went here I would have given this place a solid five stars just for the crab and sticky rice dish but when I came back here again to order this dish, I was mildly disappointed. The rice part wasn't as flavorful as I remembered. Still good but a little bit of a let down. The salted baked squid was good, as well as the snow pea shoots with garlic.
Probably the best Cantonese cuisine restaurant in Flushing.  I say this because every time I dine here with friends or family, I am never disappointed with their dishes.  They are well known for their dungeoness crab with either sticky rice or flat rice noodles.  I am such a huge fan of this dish I could just eat this all by myself if I really wanted to.  I also think their salt baked squid is the best in town because they use a really good batter and fry it perfectly.  From the peking pork chops, orange beef, peking duck, shrimp with mayo, twin lobsters with ginger and scallion and so forth, the dishes all tasted great without any complaints.  Be warned they do get packed pretty quick as I suspect everyone knows this place serves good food.  They also take credit cards as well.  They've got me hooked as a repeat offender.
When my family wants to have a nice Chinese dinner in Flushing, we often come here. The service is Chinese -- therefore it's not all that great, but I have never actually experienced particularly bad service. What's great is the food, and the price. The food is excellent! I love their crab glutinous rice, and their capital pork chop is perfectly tender! I haven't had anything I haven't liked yet! The price is also phenomenal. This is where you can impress people AND stay in budget! A definite go!
Been here a few times. First occasion I took my cousin here for a birthday after a raving recommendation. I just randomly started thinking about how good the Crab with Sticky Rice was and my mouth started to water. That dish quite possibly is the best I've ever had. A pricey dish, but well worth it and one order of it can feed multiple people.
If your restaurant is called the Imperial Palace, you better make sure your food doesn't downgrade the image of the actual place. The same goes for naming your restaurant the Grand Canyon, the Golden Gate or The Bird's Eye. I'd be pissed if a sucky restaurant had my name. Please don't tell me if there's an actual place - I don't want to know. I've always looked forward to having dim sum at this place since I can remember falling in love with their scrumptious almond tofu dessert. I can't say the same about dinner because it ain't happenin' ever again! Family and I came here for farewell dinner for my grandparents. We ordered the usual banquet-like food (shrimp with mayo, chicken with garlic sauce, snow peas & scallops, etc.). Everything was fine...until they brought in my favorites, the e-fu noodles and fried rice. Every time I go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant, fried rice and e-fu noodles have to be ordered. I will never ever look at these two the same way again because they have scarred me for life! They were just really, really awful - one was extremely salty with an unappealing look like it was tossed around, and the other had a sourish taste to it. I took one bit of each and didn't touch it again. That has never happened! We also had the lobster sticky rice, which I don't get the appeal of at all. So you're having seafood over sticky rice....boo. Maybe we should have gotten the crab but it was as dull as it could get. I can't cook to save my life but I can make this with my eyes closed. I know I wasn't sick so I couldn't taste anything instead, all I found myself doing was digging out the lobster. I feel bad for writing this review because the service was excellent and the staff are really nice people, but the food just isn't my forte.
It seemed like it is Chinese-American really well done. Great starter for swimming outside the pool of suburbia. I went here for my buddy's birthday and we had a great time taking up two big round tables in the back. There was another birthday party there who took over 4 tables. They ate more.
Great place! Very tentative waiters. Food was great. Ordered the shrimp with walnuts, fried lobster, salt and pepper pork chops. Everything was yummy!
The Sticky Crab Rice is 6 stars...fantastic!Most of the other Seafood Dishes are worthy of 5 stars.So why not 5 stars, the XO Sauce sucks!  A Seafood Cantonese Restaurant that has a sucky XO sauce is not a 5 star choice.  One of my fave dishes is Oysters & XO Sauce, the version I had from IP sucked.  Maybe because we are Japanese they thought they could serve a yucky bland spicy Black Bean Sauce instead of XO Sauce.  The Oysters were fresh but not tasty...very disappointing.  Most everything else was good.  But avoid the XO Sauce......
This place totally screwed us over. We ordered a soup that had only chicken, mushrooms and some veggies and charged us $42 for it! We asked about it later, and they told us it had these other ingredients that were never in it, like jellyfish, scallops, etc. There was absolutely no seafood in it. I'm sorry, but this place is dishonest and we'll never go back.
This place has a million and one reviews so no need to get too in debt. The place is very popular and gets very crowded. So prepare to take a number and wait if you arrive here at traditional dinner time. Peking pork was really good. Never tasted anything like it before . Garlic shrimp was really good as well. Enjoyed it. Was very excited to taste the Crab Rice.But I think I fell victim to  the raving  Yelp reviews and the random conversation I had with another waiting patron telling me how great the Crab Rice was.  I Didn't think it was great. The rice was hot & sticky, and tasted like it was cooked with seafood water. I Didn't think it was good. Didn't think it was bad. Thought it was okay. But maybe that's my untrained palette being unappreciative.  All in all I enjoyed the food.
This place is pretty standard fare. The food is relatively reasonably priced and is on par with that of most of the other Chinese restaurants around the area. I've gotten their lunch specials a few times, which comes with soup and a heaping bowl of white rice, and was surprised by how much food they give. The quality and taste is a hit or miss, though - their sea bass was excellent but the beef tendon was awful.
I was here for a bday celebration and the food was delicious. We got the dungeonous crab over sticky rice, lobster w/ garlic and scallions, prawns with walnuts, fried pork chop, shrimp fried rice and veggies w/ garlic. The weird thing was towards the end of our dinner the ceiling started dripping water near our table. We told our waiter and he used a dirty mop to mop the ceiling...while we were still sitting there...=_=" err wtf.. at least move us to another table first..Good thing we were done with our food. 4.5 stars for the food. 2 stars for the service.
I was heartbroken when my friends opted to come here over Nan Xiang, best XLB I've had in the US.  However, Imperial Palace was quite solid and shockingly affordable.  For our large table, we stuffed ourselves and I think I paid just a hair over $10 per person.  My success rate in Flushing has been perfect thus far.  Make sure to RSVP b/c the line can back up.
Mehh, not my favorite spot in chinatown.  Pretty blah, or maybe it's because I didn't try the crab and sticky rice everyone is talking about.  I've had better chinese food at other places.Anyways, I understand that it's hard for them to accommodate over 20 people...10 on one table 10 on the other...the men sat with the men, and the women sat with the women..  but seriously, please treat us equally...the women's table had to wave down the waiters for stuff, they just went straight to the men's table and ignored us until I got a little snippy because with a table full of non english speaking viets, it gets a little difficult.As for the food, we ordered of course family style, which I was annoyed because some old lady that was sitting at my table (my relative's friend) ordered crappy entrees.  Ordered a million steamed rices, some type of shrimp with celery, CELERY!? WHO EATS CELERY!, some type of beef and then more beef with beef and broccoli (which I've never ordered beef and broccoli at these restaurants before),  crispy chicken which was the best thing on the table but I would've preferred duck instead, fried tofu with shrimp inside which was good and still soft inside.  Clams with black bean sauce was good as well.  Just service sucked in this place.  The bathrooms are well, what do you expect when you go to Chinatown.
TIMETuesday, 6pm. The beginning of dinner. No wait; plenty of seats.SERVICETrilingual: English, Cantonese, and Mandarin. Very courteous staff; helpful, attentive, and pleasant. Wasn't too busy at the start of dinner. They did noticed I was taking pictures though. =P But yes, very very nice wait staff. FOOD1. Crispy Fried Seafood Rolls - Crispy and yummy. Not sure was the wrap was (tofu skin?), but the inside had some greens, mushrooms(uh-oh for me), mayo dressing, and unidentifiable seafood (could be shellfish). 2. Sauteed Snow Sea Leaves with Fresh Garlic - Good quality snow pea leaves. No complaints here, snow pea leaves are usually the most delicious veggies you can order in a Cantonese restaurant.3. Jumbo Shrimp with Walnuts in Mayonnaise Sauce - Sauce did well. Shrimps were huuuge and fresh! Candied Walnuts were so sweet and good! I'm so happy they did this well!4. Crispy Orange Flavor Beef - It wasn't too oily and have a good crisp. More breading than meat though. Flavor was rich and superb. A hint of spicy and a definitely sweet. I think I like orange beef now ^_^.5. Dungeness Crab with Sticky Rice - Their signature dish. Sticky rice with an alluring flavor even a rice-hater can't turn down! The crab meat was fresh, flavorful, and succulent. Yes, succulent. You have to taste it to understand. Oh, the dish comes with extra plates so they keep changing it every time your plate is full of shells. It also comes with a shell cracker, and moist wipes when you're done. So don't worry about getting messy, it's worth it!6. Tea - Yes, I'm gonna review the tea (It was a type of black/red tea). A bit strong for dinner time, but overall nice flavor. FREE DESSERT1. Sweet Soup of the day - I think we got a mung bean soup. Very nice, no complaints.2. Fruits - Pineapple and Longan. I don't care if the longan came from a can, it's still very sweet.NITPICKING FOR GERMOPHOBESWhile all the dishes are for sharing, there is a serving spoon for every dish so there's no liberal chopsticks jabbing unless you permit it. If you're doggy bagging your food and you have too much on your table, the waiters might stack your dishes on top of another (resulting in the bottom of the top plate touching the food of your bottom plate), YMMV.TD;DRHoly crap, good food! *Drool* Can't believe I want crabs... (No not that crabs)... Must eat everything! Can't finish! Bring it all home!!!! Are they treating me ultra nice cuz I look like a reviewer o_O? *Paranoia*
Came here for lunch over the 4th of July weekend and the food was good but it seemed to have slipped a little bit from my previous visits. The crab with sticky rice is still the reason to eat here and the sizzling sable with black bean sauce is good but was too greasy this time. Got the Peking style pork chops and they were a little overcooked this time and the salt baked prawns with chili did not really have much chili in it. Overall the food was still very good but just not as spectacular as in the past.
I've been here countless times for family occasions.  After a lifetime of traditional Chinese banquets, this is by far one of my favorites.  --Service is mediocre, decor could be considered tacky-- don't go to another banquet restaurant expecting much different from red velvet walls and giant gold wall decor featuring the word "luck."  But the food at Imperial is the best of the best!  Why else would the front of the restaurant, with its distinctive neon rainbow of crabs and lobsters, be glutted with families all evening waiting for a table, in a town completely crowded with similar restaurants?Somehow, Imperial hits the mark with almost everything!  They have all the classic banquet dishes (chilled jellyfish, abalone and shiitake, tofu embedded with shrimp, steamed fish, seafood claypot, shark fin soup...), and also the famous ones (dungeness crab over sticky rice, peking duck).  Even their fried rice and braised noodles, which come near the end of a multiple-course meal, beat other restaurants' versions!The quality is also consistent-- come here twice 6 months apart, one dish will taste exactly the same both times.   I'm a huge fan of the jellyfish and the dungeness sticky rice especially, which is their specialty.  The seafood is by requisite always very fresh (Asian people are very judgemental about seafood freshness...).  But one thing I don't recommend is the seared lamb: a lot of Chinese people don't like the taste of lamb so they just dress it up like pork or beef, and it ends up too salty with no real flavor left.  There's a great rundown of some of their best dishes (plus photos!) here: besteats.wordpress.com/2…Make sure you come with 7+ people, get a table with a lazy susan and go all out on courses-- the whole experience is about sharing and splurging on people you care about.  The waittime for a table can top 40 minutes if you're without a reservation on a weekend evening.  Start with shark fin soup, end with warm and sweet red bean soup and fresh fruit.  It's the apéritif and digestif of Chinese cuisine.  Also, a secret: You don't get "charged" tax if you pay with cash instead of credit card.  This is a tacit understanding among at least the Asian patrons of this place... "tax" is included in the prices.  It's likely not the most legal practice, but there it is.  The Chinese multi-course banquet is a tradition that I grew up with.  Imperial Palace lets me continue to enjoy that even as my palate grows a bit more sophisticated... ;)
Friends led me here. One of the must-to-order is the Scallion Lobster, which is actually not on the menu. The steak was also fine, except that the portion was a bit too few. This restaurant is really authentic Chinese restaurant one in thousand.
I can not believe these reviews, can not be the same restaurant ! Some are hilarious giving three stars over the lunch, where they are probably losing money.. You want more meat on Dungeness, every restaurant will steam this crab intact, ask for them not to break this body.I bring my own seafood cocktail fork, no chopstick can get that buttery body meat from the Dungeness out better.Lunch is a huge list of incredible variety for under $7.00 including lamb chop, shrimp , American chinese dishes, fried flounder, vegetable dishes, squid, bean curd and black mushrooms etc .The service is not overly attentive but these waiters are not the average surly type you find all over.I have never seen more varied, quality food (especially seafood) non pretentious atmosphere. Lunch is a no brainer.We had soon hook fish from Cambodia and it was perfect and presented with kindness.Had bean stems and dried scallops, a break from the usual garlic that everyone has.Sliced abalone and black mushrooms for $18.95 a can't miss if you know seafood delicacies.
Amazing place for dinner, but the only problem is that this place gets packed very quickly. The best time to avoid lines, would from 4-6 pm.  This place has delicious authentic cantonese food. Everything is flavorful and their food are much better than other cantonese restaurants in Flushing.The portions are all large enough for 2 people. They go by family style, and they are well known for the sticky crab rice, jelly fish appetizer, seafood dishes, and their soups. The service is not the best, but they get your food to you as soon as possible. Just excuse some of their improper manner, it really isn't a big deal. Overall they do try to be polite and helpful.I would not recommend this place for lunch, dinner is better. Lines are long, so choose the time you want to go wisely.
Always come here... for special occasions or for casual purposes. The dishes you MUST get:-sticky crab rice-peking style pork-soupy dou miaoDO NOT GET LUNCH SPECIAL, IT IS NOT THAT GOOD.Service is great, and is much better if you know Cantonese. I guarentee you would like it.
IMPERIAL PALACE, you are a gem. This is the place is amazing for big group meals: You can fit 15 humans at one tableBYO no corkageOrder family style and save $$The last time I was here for my boyfriends birthday with 14 pals. I had everyone bring a bottle of wine to share.... Our check was $120, and we had eaten like kings. It was the cheapest group meal I've had in NYC.The food is scrumptious. Crab rice is a game changer. Service is very attentive.
Eating here I realized authentic food makes Western cuisine including fine dining just look raw, primitive, and artificial. You get a whole 4000 year culture infusion eating the dishes here. It is spectacular food.
One of my favorite authentic Chinese restaurant in Flushing.  Make sure to get here early on a weekend because there will sure be a wait at peak hours. This place is known for the dungeness crab sticky rice. No doubt, it is delicious! However, everything here is equally as delicious. I especially like their peking pork, and sizzling beef. You can't go wrong with picking a dish here. Might as well try everything!
Went once to this place with my sister and was very impressed. Had their famous Dungeness crab with sticky rice. This dish was amazing. I don't remember what else we had because the crab dish was so good. It's located on a side street off of Main Street in flushing next to Joes Shang Hai. Imperial is a winner. I highly recommend this place
Uhm.... how does anyone not like the Dungeness crab steamed in sticky rice??????? It is deliciousness bundled up in a banana leaf oozing of even more extra deliciousness!!  That rice is very out of this world delicious.  If deliciousness was dried, then grounded, then packaged in a jar just so you can sprinkle it on top of rice... that is exactly what it would be.  And yes, I think I've said the word delicious conjugated in so many ways about 50 times.  The steamer is a hefty portion for two but the leftovers are still good because gluttonous rice will hold well over a few days (moist and flavorful).  The one rift I have to note is because the crab is steamed it is slightly bland and not your typical stir-fry with ginger/scallion goodness.  But come on, it is dungeness crab, IT IS DELICIOUS!!
I've been coming here ever since they opened, and it's probably the one Cantonese restaurant in Flushing that delivers consistently tasty food. Yes, it's better than Asian Jewels. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything you order here. Dungeness crab w. sticky rice is a given if it's your first time here. The salt and pepper pork chops, prawns with mayonnaise and walnuts, and pan-fried noodles are also amazing and what my family typically order.Most people come for dinner, but if you can try to come for lunch! There's no dim sum, but you can get many menu favorites for less! ie: a whole fried flounder fish is $7-8...very worth it! And in general, I feel like prices at Imperial Palace are actually slightly cheaper than other Canto restaurants in Flushing...win!So do yourself a favor: skip Joe's Shanghai's subpar food next door and come here
I guess the economy is really bad, no line here tonight. Top 3 best cantonese restaurant in Flushing. Dungeness crabs, Watercress duck soup, Fried milk w conch are my favorite dishes here.If you want real Cantonese cooking, go here.
If you're looking for authentic Cantonese-style cuisine, you can't beat Imperial Palace (2) restaurant in downtown Flushing.  They have a wide array of steamed seafood with fresh ingredients that enhance the natural flavor of the dishes without overwhelming the palate with heavy sauces.  They are famous for their Dungeness crab with sticky rice, which you should try.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Good for large family gatherings and dinner with friends.
I went to Imperial Palace for my friend's bday dinner.  Heard that it is one of the best Cantonese restaurants in Flushing (which is famous for Taiwanese food) so I came with really high expectation.We met up at 7pm and wow we were lucky.  By 7.30pm, line started to build and it continued the entire night.  Apparently, this place is so famous that there is always a line, especially in weekends.Location: Quite tough to find - but it is just across the big municipal parking lot.  And the restaurant has the rainbow color sign in front. Price: Expensive for Flushing.  Each of us paid $30.Atmosphere: Just like any other banquet style Chinese restaurant.  Food: They have a lot of authentic cantonese seafood style dishes that I have never seen in other restaurant.  I have to say, and a couple of us said the same thing, that they under salted their dishes.  Soup - is a staple for cantonese meals.  We had the daily soup special and it was probably the best dish I had last night.  Crab and sticky rice:  Must order.  Apparently the dish that makes this restaurant super famous.  Almost on every table you see people ordering.  It is a good dish, I can't deny it, but the thing is, I am super lazy when it comes to crab.  I didn't feel like cracking open the shell and dig for the treasures most of the time. Squid and Chinese leeks: Very good and better than others I had beforeTofu and salted fish casserole: Below average, the salted fish makes the dish too 'fishy'Sauteed snow pea leaves + Garlic: Very good, but expensive for a veggie dishRoasted chicken: Average but decent enough.  The sauce (some kind of salty reddish bean sauce) is different and I liked it.Yes, I will come back again... next time, I'll bring a bib and I promise that I will crack those crab legs open.
For those who routinely head to Manhattan for Cantonese food consider an excursion to Flushing, Queens.  The (New) Imperial Palace is family oriented and family style, authentic (IMO) Cantonese restaurant.  Among the dishes we sampled were the spicy jellyfish, pea shoots with dried shrimp, seafood chow fun and general tso's.  The noodle dish had an interesting and generous mix of seafood and was the best dish sampled.  Opposed to Manhattan, the parking was easy and inexpensive in a nearby lot; though street parking exists as well.  The waitstaff was notably attentive and helpful and seemed pleased to serve.  We will certainly return both to this restaurant as well as this area of Queens.
The food was bland and there was a hair in my soup. The fried flounder was a complete rip off. It had barely any meat in it and it was the most expensive thing on the menu. The pork chops were all bone, and the duck tongue was disgusting. The only good thing out of this place were the vegetables and the rice. Big one star for this place.
Ordered 9 different plates of food...  Walnut shrimp, peppered steak, crab in sticky rice, snow pea sprouts in garlic sauce, their house chicken, dried scallop and ham soup, the 2 side appetizer platter contains ham and cold jelly fish like noodles, and fried seafood rolls. All in all their food was exceptionally good and I would def come back. I have to agree with Shelly that although good, pricing was a tad high. Def will come back! Just to let you guys know the main signature dish is their crab with sticky rice and I had that in other places and this place made this dish so much better! If you come here, that is a must!!!
Hands down the best authentic Chinese restaurant in New York City. Have been to pretty much every restaurant and I've never been this impressed. My family was also pleasantly surprised at how authentic the flavors were; how much it compared to the quality of food in China. Dad is very critical of food and knows his stuff, and even he had no complaints. Definitely going to become a regular from now on. Crab sticky rice was sooo good.
Steamed dungeness crab over sticky rice is gold. The rice is infused with the crab (meat, brain juice and all) and the whole shabang is infused with the bamboo steamer and leaves. And what's that yellow sprinkling they have over it? DRIED SCALLOP. Yup...no skimping here. Set at "market price," we paid $32.36. Why not $32.99? Shrug...less is good. Not cheap for Flushing, but not bad either for what you get. I'm a salty eater, so I cringed as I asked for salt and soy sauce. My waiter grasped. Always such a dramatic dialogue for salt at a Chinese restaurant. We also ordered the seafood and bean curd clay pot. Good, but I've had better. I'd like to come back to try the other stuff on the menu. Tables next to ours were chomping down on some good looking Peking spareribs and lobsters... Overall, I wasn't blown away as expected. Great presentation and photo-op, but lacking in flavor. Not too impressed. My friend linked me to Eddie Huang's (of Baohaus) coverage. Totally entertaining and informative. Enjoy!youtube.com/watch?v=3few…
