Very disappointing service ! Watch out for fraudulent billing! The server had a nasty attitude and still wanted defraud me $12 in addition to the actual bill. After I told him to fix the "mistake" he still billed me $2 extra for a garlic naan I never ordered. Although gratuity is not included in the bill he still made sure he got his money with a poor customer service. Make sure you DOUBLE CHECK YOUR BILL before you hand out you pay.
Ordered delivery 1.5 hours ago and still no food. Called the restaurant and they won't refund our money because it's already out. Starving and $50 poorer. Horrible experience.
We went on the evening of Nov 4 2017 and were disappointed with everything except the prices. we got the dinner special for 14.95 includes appetizer, main dish and dessert of rice pudding , ice cream, coffee or a soda   we ordered 3 things that all tasted the same. My daughter ordered curry chicken mild I ordered curry chicken medium with SOME spice and my son ordered curry shrimp and requested HOT and the waiter said MEDIUM ok. so my son said no i said HOT they all came out the exact same I suspect they used the same curry sauce for all three dishes. Mine had no spice at all neither did my kids have any spice the appetizer samosas were ok but i never heard of putting corn in a samosa only peas. the curry also did not look or taste like curry. Curry is supposed to be yellow or orange yellow. Our "curry" looked like Italian tomato sauce with no flavor at all except tomatos. We are an Italian American family and we want curry not Italian tomato sauce with a hint of pepper in it. We will not ever return here. We wanted an order of Poori bread and asked the waiter how much it was and he said 2.95 then when we got the check he charged us 3.95.  I brought that to the attention of the manager and he said just pay us one dollar less than the total . Huh? why  did he not even blink an eye? they must do that all the time like the other reviewer said. They had garish blinking lights like kids christmas lights all over the inside so you could not relax.
Terrible service.First time I went to Malai Marke, I thought it was just an off night and that our servers had just forgotten about us (it took half an hour to get a drink and put in an order, and place or orders)Second time I went was worse: putting in an order took forever, we kept being brought the wrong thing, our beer was expired and had sediment floating in it, and the staff was generally disorganized.They get 2 stars tho because their food is quite good, if it ever comes. I recommend the Chicken Korma
Awful experience. Took forever to have a waiter visit after being seated. Waiter arrived, was informed they had zero beer available - all draft beer & all bottles completely out. Not sure if you've ever gotten a curry without an accompanying cold beer or 2 but that is a big no no!I got up and left.
Pretty much the best curry house in NYC. I am used to curry houses in London which are the best outside of India and this place is consistently exceptional.  The service is Okish, I have tried everything and been multiple times with no complaints.  I love this restaurant, one of my favs in NYC
Like your average Indian person, I am pretty picky about my Indian food when I go out to eat. Once upon a time, a couple of friends invited me to a dinner here and this has become my go-to comfort Indian food spot in the NYC area. There are a few spots I would say are close, but Malai Marke just hits the spot and rarely fails to please on any dish. The service is fast, but don't expect world-class service from the waitstaff. I stress, the reason I love this place is the FOOD!Paneer Tikka - not rubbery, not cooked til it is dried out, seasoned in a subtle way that let's you actually taste the tender paneerButter Chicken/Murgh Makhani - the quintessential north Indian dish is done exquisitely here. Rich, creamy, well-balanced, with tender bite-size peices of chickenTandoor - I usually opt for the mixed grill, which is an excellent value and great way to sample the different kebabs, ranging from shrimp and lamb to different types of chicken like Hariyali and Malai kebabs. I can't even bring myself to say what I love the most, but it's probably the lamb chop. I won't go on about every dish I have ever tried here, because it is a pretty long list. Even the latest one we tried tonight, the Lamb Pepper Fry, was delicious, with tons of real flavor that you could make out of coconut and black pepper and  other spices, and lamb can be disgusting when overlooked, but every piece I tried, whether this dish or the Lamb Biryani (perhaps Biryani is not the right word, it is more of a quick cooked lamb and rice) was moist and tender, the way you want your lamb to taste. I am obsessed with the Peas Pulav - they actually make it buttery which is just friggin' heavenly. Even the paneer naan, I have seen it executed at many other restaurants, but unlike their dried out naans with a sprinkling of paneer, this bread is moist, buttery and filled with a ton of paneer.
Malai Marke is our go-to place for Indian food in Manhattan. You will find perfectly prepared dishes while receiving impeccable service, e.g., I mentioned that the IPA on draught was slightly flat (I enjoyed it enough to drink about 95% of it) and they removed it from the bill. It was not expected but appreciated.
Went for lunch. They have good lunch special..came with naan, rice , dal and cabbage. The food was excellent, less oily than other place. By the eay, the chicken vindalooo was really spicy so be careful what you order
The food is very delicious here, however their prices for entrees have gone up significantly... not to mention they now charge $4 for rice! No, I don't particularly want chana masala without any rice. It felt akin to going to a burger place and being charged for the bun. The food's great, but given the prices, I definitely won't be back as often.
We've tried several of their veggie options and they've all been consistently delicious; garlic naan and samosas, very tasty. Lovely decor and service.
I've visited in the restaurant and had a great experience. The food is good, and they are very attentive. I have a feeling that most of their business comes from delivery, because the restaurant was fairly empty for the time of day that we were there.The delivery was kind of a let-down. They heckled with us to pay extra for more rice (it usually only comes with one small box), but then forgot to include our garlic naan. If you're going to charge for something that should be included, make sure to include the stuff I ordered.All-in-all I'll likely return, as my go-to (Babu Ji) has recently shut down.
Wonderful Indian cuisine - I love the chicken vindaloo with garlic naan but always share dishes with friends and have never been disappointed. Pop in or order in - You won't regret it!
Solid choice for Indian food in the East Village, which I've been severely lacking for a while. We came with a large party for a weekday lunch and had no issues getting seated right away.First off, the lunch special is awesome. Perhaps not as cheap as some of the other takeout-heavy Indian joints in the area, but Malai Marke definitely adds quality and quantity. For $12, you get an entree, rice, naan, cabbage, and dal, which ended up being a huge amount of food.I went with the Coondapur Kori, a coconut chicken curry. It was creamy and fragrant, with just the right touch of coconut (definitely not overpowering). The plain naan was also extremely fresh and fantastic with our curries; I think we went through 3 baskets of it throughout the course of the meal. I personally loved the cabbage since I'm huge on veggies, but to all of you carnivores out there, you won't be missing much.Definitely adding Malai Marke into my rotation of favorite lunch spots. Can't wait to see what dinner is like!
Food was pretty good but the service was absolutely shocking.  Neglected all night, empty drinks, no menus, waited 20 minutes for the check.  Mentioned to manager and he got super defensive about being busy (oh wow, busy on a Saturday - who would have thought) and told us "to check out we are good restaurant see yelp").  Right...  well enjoying seeing this review on yelp then.  Will not be back.
Came here with a vegetarian friend hankering for some Indian cuisine. I ordered chicken curry and naan, he ordered Manchurian balls and rice.Pros:- quick and friendly service- waiters willing to give variety of recommends- naan was warm, perfectly cooked- curry tasted delicious, creamy, though less spicy than I was bracing for- Manchurian balls (sort of an Indian-Chinese fusion) were flavorful- all the food came in huge quantities, plenty to serve 2-3 peopleCons:- naan and rice not included in entree cost, making it a little pricier than hoped- towards the end, feels a bit like they are trying to hurry you out- no options for spice level were offered to usObservations:- papadum (cracker-like appetizer) served quickly w/ standard trio of dips (chutney, mint, etc)- cloth napkins- bathroom sinks have a cool faucet, sort of like a little waterfall- according to my friend, who lived in India for several years, music is a little dated
Service in in place is pretty good for how busy it can get. The waiter was friendly and went all out to help us pick our orders. He even came back to inform certain meals that would not fit our needs due to certain allergies.Their coconut rice was great and paired perfect with a shrimp dish that was recommended by our waiter.I'd have to say though if you're planning to go on a weekend I'd recommend getting a reservation in time
This is honestly the best Indian food in the area. I have lived in East Village for over two years and this is always my "go to" for Indian food. The food is consistently great which really makes them stand out from the other restaurants on the block. The portioning is great (I never leave hungry). The staff is also very accommodating and just generally nice. The lunch special is a great deal, they have quite a variety of items on the menu to choose from. The lunch special comes with rice, naan, lentils and cabbage. Whenever I have family or friends visiting from out of town, I always take them here to eat.
Food poisoning!!!! I am so disappointed because everything was so delicious but I have been throwing up non stop since late last night. I had Surgery on Friday so I am recovering and on top of everything.... I get food poisoning. Not only did I have to spend the night in the hospital because I was so dehydrated and sick, but now I have to miss 2 days of work. DO NOT EAT HERE. It's not even worth it I am in so much pain still. I am editing this 5 days later to let everyone know I still cannot eat anything. #staywoke
I'm not sure what all the amazing reviews are about. This was average at best. Food, yes, it was decently flavored. We got the lunch special which offers far less than neighboring restaurants in the area. The environment and ambience is where this review really goes down. The service staff is rude and can barely muster up more than a mutter in terms of communicating. Our fellow diners didn't add to the already not so pleasing circumstances. Screaming kids, one entitled man screaming demands at the waiters and loud college kids. This was a disappointment.
Came here last night and was happy to find that the reviews didn't lie! This place is a little more modern take on your typical Indian restaurant - they have all the classics plus a good selection of drinks (beer, wine, non-alcoholic stuff). Based on the outside and the decor inside you ("hip" vibe and super modern decor) might assume at first glance that it is not super authentic but it is! The wait staff was friendly (although not outstanding) and the food came out fast! It is a little pricier than other places in the area but it's a good date spot!
Some of the best Indian food I've tried in town. Definitely the best place in Manhattan outside curry hill. Very buttery!
As I have mentioned, I am not an Indian food expert - I don't know what to order and I haven't really found anything that I love. Since most of the time, the chicken is dry, even at Tabla.Moving on, since Y is more of an expert, I let Y do ALL of the ordering and I definitely shouldn't have, because this review is based off of Y's choices.Yes - I did enjoy the crispy complimentary crispy things with the three dipping sauces. I like the green one the best.Mango Lassi - not enough mango, but good.We came here because I wanted to try Phaal, but this is already going to be a crazy spicy dish and I much rather had a different protein like seafood, but Y picked paneer. I was thinking cheesy with spicy - eeks, is this dish going to make me sick. I ended up taking one bite and I didn't have anymore. I didn't care for the paneer.  I liked the spice, but with something else than paneer.Lamb Pepper Fry - the flavour was good, but the lamb was too dry for me. This was the only option for the protein.Y wanted Naan and I usually get plain naan or paneer naan, but Y wanted the onion and I just didn't care for the onions on the naan. Like it was just too much to eat with the entrees.The only think I did get to choose was the rice and I got coconut and that was good.I will be back to make a better judgement of this place.
MM seemed a bit overpriced but the taste is authentic with great concoction of different spices and worth every penny. I love this little gem, def. worth it for the lunch buffet which is pretty cheap. Probably one of my favorite India restaurants in the city, for the flavor and the price.
Come here for lunch! Delicious, filling, and cheap! For $10, you get your choice of entree, naan (+$2 for onion or garlic - WORTH THE EXTRA $2!), basmati rice, daal, and cabbage. Extremely satisfying especially on a cold winter day. I loved the lamb madras (so did my bf since he kept dipping his naan into my food...). There was a spicy pepper next to it on the menu but I did not find it to be spicy at all. Nonetheless, delicious! We also ordered ragara patties (potato patties with chickpeas and chutney) which wasn't what I expected - I thought it'd be somewhat like latkes but it was basically diced potatoes - but the flavor profile was excellent. And of course, I had a mango lassi to accompany this tasty food!I can't wait to come back :)
Good service and nice atmosphere. Friendly staff that brought free popadum. We had the chicken xacutti and chettinad. We will definitely go back for the chettinad.Went back 4 months after and ordered chicken Korma with extra spice and it was very good. The restaurant is however more expensive than usual indian restaurant with the main meal at $18 of which you must add some rice (between $4 to $8). The food is good but we found better options in NYC
I decided to come to this place after work to just try it out. I really liked the atmosphere. I ordered the lamb in nut sauce and it was very creamy but they were out of white rice and only had brown. The waiter could also be a little more friendly.
I absolutely love Indian food and Malai Marke did not disappoint!!  Since it was the first time I visited this restaurant I played it safe and went with the Chicken Tikka Masala... I feel like it's kind of hard to mess that up and they did not.  It was delicious!  My husband and friends enjoyed their meals as well, although they did say that they did not think the food was as spicy as they thought it would be.  They have spicy ratings on their menu with the highest being 4 little chilli marks on the menu.  They all ordered dishes with 3 chili marks and as they were eating they all said they should have opted for the 4 chili marks.  Plain and Garlic Naan was good, rice is served on the side for the table to share.  Wait staff was a bit all over the place.  We didn't have one specific server.  We had about 4 different servers wait on us.  One took our order, another brought the food and asked if we needed anything else, another checked up on us later and another brought us the check.  All in all, the food was great!  I would definitely come back.
It's a little daunting to navigate the 6th St. Indian places. There are many, and your friends will all direct you to a different place. For an ex-New Yorker with a single Indian meal between me and the plane ride home, our choice was important.So I Yelped Indian in Manhattan, and we went to the first place I found on 6th.Ohmigod. So good. Chicken that falls apart when your mouth wraps around it, in sauce you want to drink. Even the broccoli appetizer (the wife's from California, what can I say?) was spectacular. Have you ever groaned in ecstasy over *broccoli*?! Well I just did. Even my nearly breatharian 5-year-old had to admit how good it was. (And they brought her special sauceless chicken without being asked or charging us for it.)Eat here, NY. K?
Great service, great food, nice atmosphere. We went the last Saturday of September. We hae a tradition after this annual event to go to another Indian restaurant on the same street, but we discovered that day that it had closed. I did a Yelp search and found Malai Marke. I called last minute to reserve a table for 10. They were more than accommodating. We had a lamb patty for an appetizer that was delicious. For the main course, I had the Lamb Vindaloo which was excellent.  I found the prices fair for NYC and a good Indian restaurant. One thing I found odd was an extra charge for rice, where normally rice is included. But it didn't take away from the experience. We would definitely  go again.
Good. The food is a little salty for my taste but very friendly servers and decent prices.
Fantastic food, great environment !!! I thought the booze was a tad pricey but other than that it was a great time and food!
Like most Indian restaurants, there were countless vegetarian options and I had a hard time choosing just one thing. Malai kofta is my go-to and it did NOT disappoint! My Punjabi friend even admitted it was the best he'd had in a long time. Giant chunks of cashews in a cream and tomato-based sauce. Saag paneer was also delicious and very garlicky...which is not a problem in my book. Aloo gobi (cauliflower & potatoes in tomato curry) was our least favorite but still pretty good. I deducted one star from this rating because they're overpriced and charge extra for rice (who does that?). Note: Order the jalapeño chili naan if you want some spice! If I lived in NYC, this would be my fallback Indian joint.
If anyone does justice to Indian style chili chicken after Tamarind, it is this place. It was spicy and flavorful, just like we are used to back home.We got the Murgh Malai Marke (I'm usually not a fan of creamy tomato gravy, but THIS WAS GOOD -- went really well with both rice and naan) and Paneer Laal Maas (to be honest, I expected it to be spicier and have less whole cardamoms in it). I liked the chicken more overall, but the quality of their paneer was excellent. I rarely come across good naans in the city, but theirs was fresh and soft (not pita bread that most conveniently exchange naan for). All in all: really good food, the menu had some good dishes and I will be back to try some more.
Best Indian I've had in the city! I've tried a couple of places on this street, and this tops the lot. Great service, great atmosphere, and most importantly - absolutely delicious. Made a reservation for 2 people at 9 PM on a Saturday night, was sat immediately and couldn't have had a better experience.
With quite a few places to choose on 6th Street, and having been to quite a few of them, I was pleasantly surprised with our experience at Malai Marke.  We had great service from friendly staff who were very attentive without being overbearing. We started with the Samosas, which were very good and split a couple of entrees: The MURGH MAKHNI MALAI MARKE, commonly referred to as Butter Chicken Makhani and also an order of the LAMB PEPPER FRY.  Both had small pepper icons to indicate they were spicy, but they were not hot to the point you were sucking air over you lower teeth.  I think the spice was just right.  The lamb was delicious but they could have been a little better cut of meat.  I really liked the atmosphere here.  It was a little more upscale and comfy.  There are certainly less pricey places, on 6th, that are as good, but I really enjoyed this place.
This restaurant has flavorful Indian food with hearty portions. The spices they use are some of the best I've tasted, and their mango lassi is very refreshing on a hot day. I recommend coming here for their lunch special, which is a steal and has great value; its $12 bucks and worth it
I'd only ever had Saag Paneer before so tried the Lamb Saag and it was really good!  The meat was super tender and the whole dish had a great flavor.  Also had the Fish Moilee which again, was very tasty.  I liked that it had coconut in it but that it wasn't the dominant flavor.  My buddy and I split these two dishes, a garlic naan, and the Smoked Cauliflower and we left stuffed like pigs because we couldn't stop eating.
Best Indian food in east village. The food is amazing. The staff is very sweet and helpful. Place isn't too loud so you can actually have a conversation over food. Wish they had gol gappay would rate this place 5 stars then.
I like the ambience ..the staff and the decor and the hygiene :)) About the food --I'm an Indian so I've definitely had better .infact I am an expert cook myself .my husband loves my food ! For lunch special food quantity  was a Lot! I wasted more than half and was still very full . So come hungry :) it lacked salt but then maybe I need more salt in my Indian meals ..
Not sure how this place got great reviews. The good was just ok. Way over priced. 17 bucks and the rice is not included. That's is crazy.  The staff was nice and the place is cute but I have had way better.  My samosa was soggy instead of crispy.
This place serves some of the tastiest Indian food I have ever had in a US restaurant. The black lentils, DAL MAKHNI MALAI MARKE, were a highlight among highlights.
I came here with a big group of people and I must say they were very nice and accommodating. I ordered a shrimp curry and paratha and I also tried some of my friend's lamb dish. The food was very good but slightly overpriced. Or it might just be that I've gotten used to slightly cheaper Indian food on Jackson Heights.
Went here with wife in December. It's kinda narrow and cramped place but that adds to the vibe. As a connoisseur of Indian food, this place is just ok. The food isn't that out of the world compared to Jackson Heights and it is more expensive. What bugged me a bit was that the entrees didn't come with complementary rice or naan which is kinda the norm in all other Indian restaurants and we had to wait patiently for 20 minutes before one of the entrees came to the table by which time, most of the rice and naan were gone and we were obliged to buy more. Also, the desert was unremarkable and tasted like it came out of a box or tin can...and I know because I eat Indian desert from boxes and tin cans (bought from Patel brothers).
I've been to many Indian restaurants and I must say this place is still my FAVORITE Indian place! The food is so savory and the naan is so fluffy and tasty. I usually go here for brunch on a weekend and the place is small, but it's never packed so you get seated right away. $12 brunch menu - you get an entree, rice, and naan - which ended up being a huge amount of food. They also have really good mango lassi here!! I can't wait to go back and eat here again =)
Some of the best indian in NYC. Not a hanging chili pepper spot. I take Super Indian Food Fans here constantly and it's never off.
I went here with 5 friends on Friday night. The restaurant was busy, but not packed and had a nice vibe. We had a mix of vegans and meat-eaters and the waiter was accommodating as we took a while to chose our courses. He was also very good at recommending some appetizers for us to share and guiding us with some of the dishes - all of the food was incredible!! So delicious. The only thing is the waiter tried to make us order ALOT of food, we hesitated and took a few things off our order and it was more than enough to eat. I would definitely come back here next time I am craving an Indian meal - price was good as well. Try the garlic nann - best I have ever had!
Two stars, one for the good service. Nice waiter, good with water service---especially for spicy indian food.One for the decor of the place. Kind of a hipster indian restaurant---mason jars for water, glass bottle lightly, random mirrors, wall decor etc.Not so good because:1. Food took a long time to come2. Too many poppy seeds in ALL the food our table ordered. 3. All the naan was burnt on the outside which made it taste horrible just like eating cancerous black soot. 4. All the dishes I tasted really didnt have much great flavor or taste to it...5. This would all be acceptable if it was a cheap place where food is at most $5/6 but this was an expensive St. Marks place. I don't get all the good reviews about this place but "Meh, I've had better." Maybe it was an off-night for the chefs.
Best budget indian food around the east village area, hard to find but food is totally worth it. As the name suggests, butter features in literally everything they make and a full meal is pretty heavy on the stomach. Delicious though, and worth the excursion.
Ordered on grubhub and its been over 2 hours and the food still has not arrived. I don't know how backed up you can be that it takes you 2 hours to deliver food 6 streets away from you. Will never order delivery from here again, they took nothing off the bill and no the apologies for the abysmal delivery time. I'll edit this review to include how the food tasted... If it ever arrives.
Great little place to have dinner with friends or family. The food was amazing and the servers were very friendly. Definitely recommend this place for all Indian food lovers!
I LOVE this place! They serve some of the best Indian food I have ever had in my life!We had the chicken tikka masala and the chicken rizzala along with vegan broccoli and garlic naan. The chicken tikka masala was hands down the best I've ever had and I've had plenty. The sauce was incredibly flavorful without being over powering and the chicken was tender and juicy. The naan was perfectly baked with just the right amount of crunch. The prices were very reasonable and the portions were just right. Two people can enjoy two entrees and be satisfied. The next time I'm in New York City, I am definitely stopping by!
Came for dinner- the onion bhajia was good, atmosphere is nice, but was quite surprised that after getting a ~$20 entree that rice was not included and they charged $3 per order
I have been here twice in the past month. The first time was on recommendation from a friend and the second was to take my sister who has never had indian food. Both times the servers were fantastic and the food was delicious. My sister now craves indian food regularly and is trying to find a good spot by her house comparable to Malai Marke. I usually get some type of curry, coconut curry is my favourite and they make a really great one. It's called Coondapur Kori. My only beef with this place is that rice does not come with the meat dishes, it is a seperate order, which makes Malai Marke one of the more expensive places on the block - about $20 per dish. I am not entirely sure if the prices are justified just yet to make Malai my go to, because there are a few other restaurants on 6th that I want to try out. Spice Cove was our go to for awhile but since they have moved locations I am not as impressed. The food here is definitely spot on though and so is the service.
By far, the best Indian food ever. Get the Chana Masala and/or the Chicken Murgh Makni Malai Marke.
Dishonest Management - The EAT 24 app indicates that they include cabbage, dai, rice, naan or roti (additional $2.00 for onion naan or garlic naan). However, if you ask for it, they will charge you substantially more.
Sent a colleague here for a business meeting with one other person who had requested paneer. They said they food was outstanding and to remember this place for next time.
I wasn't super impressed with the food here.  The daal was the most bland daal that I have ever had.  To me, daal is the most fundamental of Indian dishes.  Lamb curry was good.  Garlic naan was more like a pizza than regular naan, just a bit strange.  Too bad the food didn't impress because the place is super clean and the service is good.
The naan here was the best I've ever tasted! I didn't order well but my dish was made well and the chicken was nice and moist-sometimes I find at Indian places it is very dry. My date ordered lamb and he loved it. The lassi was also very nice and thick. Will be coming back.
I don't know if it was the East Village rush but the food was subpar. The place was cramped. The service was quick. We ordered the kurkur bhindi and the onion bhaji. The bhindi was good but the onion bhaji was suppppper oily and un flavorful. We then got the malai marke paneer which was so so...very bland even though we ordered it medium spicy. BEWARE: most indian food entree comes with plain rice, we assume that because every single place in nyc had that so we didn't think we needed to ask and our waiter never told us! No rice with your creamy gravy entree. Our naan came cold, we asked told them and they were very quick and replacing it which was nice. The portions are also super small. Don't think I'll be coming back but I crossed it off my places to try out!!
What I ate?Lamb Rogan Josh - Good (Could be more flavorful)Chicken Tikka Masala - Delicious ( Made my inner fat man happy )Coconut Rice ( First time having it. Loved the coconut taste. Disliked the lentils in the rice.)Naan ( Fresh, Soft, and addicting!!)How was the service? The service was good. I really pay close attention to the fundamentals of customer service like a warm greeting and introducing yourself to who is dining. The connection was a little off when we were seated. I had to engage with the server to introduce ourselves and explain this was our first time here. There is a good amount of choices with wines and beers. I tried the Kingfisher Lager and I must say it was pretty damn good.  The server was very courteous and offered some guidance with which sides to choose to compliment the main dishes. I enjoyed the atmosphere. I was able have a comfortable, soft toned conversation with my table mate. Would I go back again? Yes, absolutely!
One of the best Indian food I have had. Great flavors, though it's a little on the pricey side. The portions are just right. I especially love that every table gets a free starter on the house.We ordered garlic naan, chicken rizzala, rice and rasmalai for dessert. We were a little bugged that naan and rice were not complementary. It's kind of expected when that is the case for other Indian restaurants. Nonetheless, the naan was baked to perfection with the right amount of crunch. The chicken rizzala was sweet and super creamy and nutty. So gud.I can't say the same for the dessert though. Rasmalai may be an acquired taste. There was no description of their desserts, so I looked it up before ordering and wiki said "rich cheesecake without a crust." Their online menu said "creamy cottage cheese." It tasted nothing like cottage cheese! It was more like soaked bread.... I have no idea what I ate.Despite the barely edible dessert, I am giving them five stars for their entrees.
The lamb vindaloo and the ginger golbi were amazing! The staff was extremely kind and accommodating- they even gave us one of the recipes!
I've been craving for some authentic Indian for a while now so I stopped by this joint based on the yelp reviews, as usual, and I was quite disappointed. My order: Free chips and dips were a great way to start the meal. The green sauce is the best green sauce ever! Samosas - No spices. Whole Foods samosas might beat theirs. It seemed to be only mashed potatoes in a deep fried pastry wrap. The sauce that accompanied these were good though. I think they were the same as the free chips and dips. Kurkuri Bindi - It's deep fried okra! I was deceived. The description said tossed! I was so butt hurt to see super skinny deep fried okras. Coconut Rice with seeds - Slamming rice! Perfect texture with those seeds! I usually like my rice mushy but these were the bomb. MUST HAVE.Chili Onion Naan - Watch out for this! It's spicy goodness. Garlic Naan - Not enough garlic. I love garlic and I tend to overdose what I eat with garlic so this was nothing. ---I sandwached both naans and it was what they call pure genius. Veg Chetinad - Not your usually curry. I was hoping for a lot of curry so I could dip the naan in it but it was more like thick sauce for the mixed vegetables. A tad disappointed. The flavors were usual and this experience could have been better. My boyfriend loved the Chicken Malasa but that was his first time eating so he had nothing to base it on. They are vegan friendly so that's a plus.
The chicken tikka masala was terrible as the chicken was incredibly dry. The service was great. Very much Americanized-Indian food.
Ordered delivery from Malai Marke again and this time delivery was within 45 minutes as compared to the previous delivery time 1hour. Winning!Phall with Chicken- Part of the Spicy Club (Caveat Emptor)- This was so spicy it made my ears ring. My eyes turned blood shot and it became painful to eat, so of course I kept eating. I was lucky to have yogurt in my fridge. This is no joke people. The boy friend needed antacids that night so be sure to have some around.Aloo Saag- Your typical saag. Delightful!I noticed that you can get 20% when you dine in if you make a reservation on Groupon's Reserve.
The best tikka masala I've ever had... Portions could be a wee bit larger. But overall wonderful dining experience
I'm half-half on the restaurant.Service - 2 stars - we came before 7pm and the place was half full only. We were ready to order and there was no waiter/waitress available to take our order. We had to wave and shout for a waiter. Couple other tables who came after us and got their food before us. They also gave us a wrong order. The only plus was that our water got refilled.Food- 3 stars- starters was complimentary chip and sauces, chip was good and so was the sauce but the sauce has a smelly rotten sock smell (the brown one)Ordered goat curry ($18), chicken chutneywala, chicken xatula , chicken curry, and chicken basmati rice ($15), garlic nan, chile nan, and 3 coconut rice.Goat was surprisingly cooked to perfection almost like stew beef without the goat stench. The chutneywala is the sweeter curry, the chicken xatula and chicken curry was ok. The chicken basmati rice was flavorful, however, it was hard to eat because of the flower clove in there that made it inedible. Garlic nan was good, chile nan was spicy as hell (not recommended) and the coconut rice tasted good with a nice fragrant. The curry comes in a small bowl and cost roughly $15+, it is expensive because it doesn't come with rice or nan. You have to order those separately and rice will cost $6 for a bowl and $3.5-4 for nan that only comes in 4 pieces.This is a very expensive place to eat and doesn't come complete with the necessary meal. I've tasted real authentic home cook indian food and this doesn't come close. The restaurant flavored their food to be more westerner friendly, just like a chinese take out. Ambiance- 3 stars - upon looking in, it looked very romantic and clean. Sitting down, felt a bit squishy, the lighting made me extra sleepy, and there wasn't much table room for your elbow to be on it.Will I come again? NO.
I love this place. great food, its quiet enough to talk, but is large enough for groups.
My parents who live in Bangalore are visiting us this summer and I was on yelp looking for a new good Indian restaurant to celebrate Father's day. Malai Marke caught my attention and I promptly made reservations for lunch on Sunday. I revisited the reviews on my way, to see what all the other yelpites liked. No offense, but I was suddenly a little worried because all the rave reviews were by Non-Indians.  (We do have a different palate when it comes to spice.) My parents like to eat authentic spicy Indian food and I thought this might not make the cut. Fingers crossed,I walked in. They only had a few tables occupied and I liked the pots hanging on the wall. They also have a few street facing tables which were unfortunately all taken. They have quite an extensive menu with some good coastal options. Food turned out to be great. My apologies fellow yelpites for being so very stereotypical. I hadn't eaten a good north Indian meal in a long time .We pretty much liked everything we ordered. (Even my parents )The fried Okra was crispy with just the right amount of tangy. The Malai Marke chicken and Panner matar was fabulous with Naan and Roti. The Achari Chicken was the only exception and had just way too much salt. They don't serve rice with their curries which is unfortunate. We were just too full to try any of their deserts. Tip: If you have some left over bread and curry to go, make sure you ask them to pack it separately because by the time we got home our roti didn't look very appetizing.
Loved the modern but cozy vibe of the place, ESP compared to some other Indian dives on the same street. Don't have much experience with Indian food but everything we had was very flavorful, spicy but not over the top. Prices solid, good portion sizes too. Would def come back!
Great food but a little more expensive than it should be. They also charge for rice when you order curry which is annoying and unnecessary. The lunch special is cheap and filling but I think they don't make it as well because it's so much cheaper. Still a great deal though. Try the chicken coconut curry, its delicious.
I'm really on the fence about Malai Marke:PROS:+ Lots of unique dishes such as Coondapur Kori (Manglorean coconut chicken curry), which was BOMB+ Nice, clean interior with inviting decor (don't see that much with Indian restaurants, unfortunately...)+ Delicious sweet lassi, made properly (thick, and not overly sweetened)+ Excellent price for lunch at $9 (especially since it comes with rice, dal, naan, and Punjabi cabbage)+ Nothing was greasy and swimming in oilCONS:- The chicken vindaloo was gross. Overly sour and in a weird red sauce (but maybe that's just because I'm used to it coming with brown sauce).- The lassi was over half the cost of a lunch special at $4.50 - what?! $3 would have been much more reasonable.- Naan wasn't fluffy and some pieces were burned- Punjabi cabbage which came with the lunch special was very eh. It could've been spiced up a lot more.- Shrimp curry was very middle of the road as well and had a strong tomato sauce flavor rather than thick curry.--------------------------------------------OVERALL: I'd come back to try some of their other options, but unfortunately most of the unique ones are not part of the lunch special and are a bit pricey, so maybe when I have more funds.
Very nice place. Service was efficient and friendly. The food was OK, not mind blowing. The Lamb in the Vindaloo could've been been simmered another hour as it was still tough. I'll go back to this place. Also, nice wine and beer selection.
This is probably my favorite restaurant on Curry Row. Indian food is something I crave often, and of the many Indian spots I've dined at in NYC, this is one of my favorites. You don't have to be an adventurous eater to find something delicious here either. There is something for everyone -- heck, this place got my parents (who are fairly unadventurous eaters) turned on to Indian food. The tikka masala is wonderful, as is the murgh korma (my personal favorite). The garlic and onion naans are also killer. I deducted one star because entrees don't come with rice. You have to order that separately, which kinda seems silly -- especially considering the cost of the dishes.
Unfortunately, we just tried to eat here. Unfortunately,, they forgot how to serve cooked food. Our chicken came completely undercooked. We were so grossed out we paid for our drinks and left. I wish I could give 0 stars. Stay away!!
Like many others, we bookmarked Malai Marke (MM) after reading Ligaya Mishan's review in the New York Times.  When an aunt and uncle were in town from Bangalore, and were homesick for Indian grub, we decided it was the perfect time to hit up MM.  On one of the steamiest May evenings I can remember, we headed over to 6th Street -  my first tip-off that the evening might not be a success was that we were seated immediately by the door (as many reviews describe, MM is an oddly shaped restaurant - essentially a U with the kitchen in the center) and though the restaurant staff swore the air conditioner was on, it was really very warm.   The other downside to where we were seated is that the room that you enter into is exceedingly dark -- if I had it to do again, I'd request the other side of the U which seemed better lit, and more visually interesting.As for the food, I can honestly say - though it breaks my heart to say it - that nothing we sampled at MM topped anything we've eaten at the better Curry Hill restaurants (particularly Dhaba, another Shiva Natarajan restaurant, which is slightly cheaper, far sexier, and tastier).  And we sampled nothing that came close to what we read about in the New York Times. The bindi sasuralwali, probably the best of what we sampled, was nothing extraordinary - okra with onions, garlic, and ginger - simple and tasty.  The murgh saag was fine, but had an overwhelming taste of fenugreek, as if someone had messed up the proportions of the dish. The chicken biryani, perhaps the hardest dish with which to please a crowd (at least in our family where everyone has an idea of how biryani should be cooked) was surprisingly underflavored; the thin crispy onions on top saved the dish from the depths of blandness.  And the dal tadka - something that should be simple and hearty, with a surprising complexity - was just over-spiced.  This wasn't a flop, mind you, but after all the hype, I was expecting something magical and what we found here wasn't anything different from what we had eaten elsewhere.
I ate here 2 times. The first time was okay, I didn't think it was anything special. I had chicken tikka masala.The second time there was a hair in those thin crackers they give you before you eat. We had the pumpkin dish and Lamb Biryani. The rice was lumpy and sticky, not the usual jasmine type you get with Indian food. Both dishes were just gross. If I  wasn't in an indian restaurant I'd swear I was eating Korean food. I couldn't finish mine.Oh, and the bill came to $38 (with tip) which is much higher than average. For this crap it was a crime.Instead of going here, I recommend eating at Heart of India on 2nd - they never let me down!
I've been going to the restuarants on this block for over a decade and was perfectly fine with that until I went here. It ruined me in the sense that I feel like I've been missing out on great food and have been settling for mediocrity. First of all the place is super clean (unlike some of the other restuarant on that block) and looks kinda hipster with their little mason jars glasses. But enough of the look and service cause it's just fine. I got the Lunch Special and chose the Lamb Pasanda, it's sweet, nutty and perfect. Obviously if you like spicy stuff Pasanda isn't for you but to be honest I think that it was the best indian food I've tasted in a while and for the price it could honestly could be worse, $12 for an amazing meal isn't that bad considering the whole block offers cheaper more mediocre alternatives. So if you're looking for quality Indian food then Malai Marke is your place. Btw don't waste your money on getting any sides the lunch special is enough to fill you up just fine.
Exploring the area and used Yelp to find some good eats.  This service and food were top notch.  Yummy
A fresh new twist in Little India. Went here for a birthday party, 10-15 people: perfect place to order a bunch of food and then share it. Or hog it, if it's really good. And I really liked the outcomes here. Cauliflower, okra, roghan josh, shrimp curries, the naans... Pretty standard options as far as Indian goes, but all really good and tasty (usually corresponding to shedloads of ghee, but whatever). They were also really nice about us BYOB'ing it hardcore - popped 10 bottles without so much as a corkage fee. Bomb.
I'm going to tentatively classify this place in the "over-hyped" bucket and give this somewhere around a 3.5 star rating.All in all, the food was definitely tasty. The fish in coconut curry/sauce was probably my favorite. Chicken tikka masala was just really what you'd expect (guess it's hard to either seriously impress or disappoint with that dish). We also bravely tried the super spicy curry option from the spicy section, which ended up not being adventurous enough to be a good story, but spicy enough to make it uncomfortable to eat.The home-style okra and the chickpea appetizer were both admittedly very authentic-tasting, but unfortunately that didn't mean they were that unique or memorable. Dessert was a bit lackluster; the pinot grigio that the restaurant recommended did pair pretty well with the food though.I think what (suitably) capped off the night was the bill: it's not quite a splurge restaurant, but also not cheap for an Indian restaurant. For food that was just a bit above average, and the smaller-than-average serving sizes, I'm not sure it was worth it.
Preface/background: I am now more focused on quality and am always looking for a great deal (read: value). Less meat, no more 2 Chipotle burrito eating.A tip: Entrees don't come with rice by default - about $6 more for coconut rice, $3.50 for plain naan.Had the chicken tikka masala. Oh man - it is good. The chicken is tender and juicy, and the sauce is rich. There's probably a whole stick of butter in that thing, but it's really tasty. It's a tomato-based sauce and you can definitely taste it. I had the whole thing, it was delicious.I ordered both the naan and the coconut rice. Wow. I finished both. The naan was very good, also very buttery and soft - when I smelled it, it smelled like movie theatre popcorn. Lots of butter. The coconut rice was very good - there were some spices in the rice that really gave it more of a tougher and heartier texture. The spices that I'm referring to are not "powdery" - but they're more obvious and almost seed-y.All in all, dropped a little less than $30 for it all, but it was very tasty.No Indian people inside, which made me semi-skeptical right as I walked in - but it definitely delivered on the taste.Come here and you won't be disappointed. Unless you don't like Indian food. Then don't come here. Duh.
Everything was quite good. We got lamb in a nut cream sauce (don't remember the name), Chana saag which was delicious, white rice, and the samosas. The somasas unfortunately were room temperature and not hot but still good. Everything else came out hot. Nice decor and feel I aode the restaurant. Overall would recommend and would go back again.
Still as delicious as ever but now they have a beer & wine license. Lunch special is still the best deal ever as it's the best Indian 7 days a week for $9~ Go for the roti for an healthier option to naan.
FINALLY, a genuinely great Indian restaurant on Curry Row in the East Village. As most denizens of this strip know, nearly all of the Indian restaurants found here are generic and fungible, serving uninspired Indian food that amounts to cheap, underseasoned slop. Yes, Brick Lane offers a decent buffet (though nothing special). Banjara, too, was once a standout, but I've found that it's quality has been slipping and it's become just a slightly higher-end version of the conventional fare served down the street.Enter Malai Marke.The food here was quite simply excellent. I ordered the Lamb Dhansak, which had the perfect amount of heat and a hearty, non-oily sauce with big pieces of spinach. My beautiful dinner companion ordered a shrimp dish (the name of which eludes me) in a creamy green sauce so delicious, I would've eaten it as a soup. The menu had a number of other unique, interesting, and regional dishes that you don't see everywhere.If you're going for Indian in the East Village, there's now - again, FINALLY - an obvious and great choice. Five stars.
3.5 stars, rounded up for service. This is good Indian food, from the same guy who did Dhaba and in the same bucket of comfortable, reliably good Indian dining.There was a NYT article that raved about this place, and although I think that reviewer may have been a little overzealous, the food is definitely better than your usual Curry Hill establishment.Honorable mentions go to the Luchi Bhaji, a spiced chickpea dish that was mostly great because of the puffy, warm luchi bread that it was serviced alongside. We also loved the Fish Moilee, flaky pieces of white fish smothered in a rich coconut cream sauce.Less spectacular were the Coondapor Kori, which tasted like an ordinary chicken coconut dish, and a "Spicy Club" curry that even the most peppercorn-loving diner at our table couldn't handle. Most disappointingly, I did not think that the Bindi Sasuralwali, the okra dish that the NYT recommended, was THAT special. Sure it reduced some of the slimy, fibrous texture of the okra, but maybe okra is okra and there just isn't a whole lot you can do with it. The service here is good and attentive, and on a Saturday evening this restaurant was a full house and dispersed evenly between Indian / Non-Indian diners, which I suppose is a nod to both authenticity and media hype.Like Dhaba, Malai Marke is not cheap. Our meal came out to about ~$60 pp, which some would argue seems expensive for Indian food. But solid food and clean, stream-lined kitchen, so I would dine here again.
It's annoying when you go to a restaurant and the first thing they say is, "we're closing soon." Oh, okay. I guess you can do that when you're in New York City and people flock to your establishment along a row of popular Indian restaurants. Nevertheless, they were nice once we sat down. It's decorated cute and the menu is pretty extensive. We ordered my favorite, chicken tikka masala, along with onion naan, a lamb and the cauliflower/potato dish. Too much food for two people, but it was fun trying all the flavors. So, despite closing soon, there was another table or two in the place so I didn't feel terrible about dragging their night out. We were pretty quick despite the mass of food and carried on. Easy to get a cab while leaving, too. I'd definitely go back.
Pretty good. We got the Tangra Chili Paneer: "paneer cheese, from the streets of kolkata"; the Jhinga Luchi, a tangy creamy shrimp served with luchi bread; the chana saag: chickpeas, spinach, and ginger; and lamb madras: lamb with coconut, dry red chilies and curry leaves.The jhinga luchi was easily the best dish of the meal. It comes with two pieces of luchi bread, which seems to be some kind of fried bread. It's not enough for how much of the sauce you'll want to eat. After wolfing the luchi down, we covetously guarded the sauce pot from the wait staff so that they wouldn't take it too early. It went very well with rice, too. Mmm.The Tangra Chili Paneer tastes like Chinese-American stir fry of bell peppers, but with blocks of Indian cheese. Not necessarily a bad thing, but just a bit of a surprise. Chana saag was just ok. Lamb with coconut wasn't bad either.
Brown guy review here. Best Indian food I've had. Expensive as hell. And the service BLOWS. But the food is too good, TOO GOOD, you'll ignore all the bad. Get the Murgh Makhni, Lamb Jalfrezi, Peas Palav.
My goodness. This is delicious Indian food. I've only had Indian food at Agra on bell in bayside and I frequent there because it's delicious, but I think this place has taken it's place. I enjoyed their garlic naan, but I thought it could be more garlicky. I ordered the chicken tikka masala (like I always do) and it is delicious. It is sooo good. My mom ordered the rogan josh and I'm not a fan of lamb to begin with because of the strong "stenchy?" taste (if you know what I mean) but I was able to stand eating some because it wasn't that strong. The sauce was delicious though. My mom really liked the starter chips that were complimentary. And I really liked their mango lassi. Now. We ordered the coconut rice and it is delicioussssssss. Man, I could eat it everyday, okay maybe not but it was pretty damn good. You bet I will be coming back here.
Lovely food: tasty but delicate.  One warning: when they say spicy, they mean spicy.  I couldn't eat the one dish that had that rating; the medium was challenging enough.  We adored the chickpea saag, the coconut chicken, and the fried okra.
Indian food at its best! The only downside is that you want to continue eating even after you're full  and the level of spiciness is too westernised, which means medium hot (2 chillies on the menu) was not hot at all. The mango lassi was delicious and so were the malai kofta, lamb madras and lemon rice. We will definitely be back next time in NYC!
One Of the best Indian restos in east village ! Good ambience and amazing food ! Just the music should be Better !
Well my first experience in malai Marke Indian cousin on last night. Restaurant was full with costumer. After few minute wait . we got a table . Good food and top notch service . Highly recommendation .
Modern yet authentic environment, cozy. Quick service, friendly employees. And wonderful taste!
Very fresh, authentic, and sizable portions. For a table of 3 people, the bill came out to be around $110 with tip and tax included. We got a small plate, an appetizer, three entrees, coconut rice, and naan bread. Needless to say, we didn't finish it all, and we left the restaurant full.I ordered the goat curry. Careful, it's doesn't hold back on its kick!Be ready to wait for a table though, especially on weekends.
This is a great local restaurant in the East Village for Indian food. Some of the best Indian food I've had in the city with a great atmosphere and affordable prices. The only negative is that my boyfriend and I had to get our remaining food packed to take home since we had not finished it. We had ordered 3 naans and only ate about 1.5 of them. When we got home, we realized that the naan had not been packed. This was quite a bummer because the naan is so delicious and we would have loved to have some to take home and eat later and we had spent money on the naan!Other than that, amazing restaurant!
Another Indian place on the row of Indian restaurants. The prices were reasonable and flavors were good. There was some heat lacking from the dishes. I am use to having some kind of heat in my chicken tikka masala but there was none at all. I think I need to specify next time. The okra here is a fav...the okra had a bit of a crisp but still tender. The chili paste made it shine some more.
I love this place. best Indian food I ever had. staff was very friendly and helpful. wonderful dining experience.the ragara patties was my favorite. spiced potato with chickpeas, yogurt, chutneys and herbs. very flavorful and delicious.jhinga luchi- deep fried flour bread dipped in a thick creamy shrimp tomato sauce with spices. yummy- we saved some of the sauce for the delicious naan bread.chicken saag- the best I ever had. tender dark meat and creamy fresh spinach with fresh herbs and ginger. the fresh herbs made it exceptional and it had just the right amount of spices. fish moilee- fish w/ a mild coconut flavored curry. it was tasty but a bit too much for me. will try something new next time. I'm just not a big coconut milk fan. my bf chose this dish.oven fresh naan bread- this is the best naan I ever had. perfect texture served right out of their tandoor oven. mango lassi- refreshingly sweet yogurt drink. I enjoyed it but found it quite filling.this restaurant opened recently and I'm so happy to discover this place. I will visit frequently.
Pretty weird that they have two entrances but good overall for those who are new to Indian food. I went with my sisters for lunch on a weekday. Cheap lunch specials only $9 and it come with naan and your entree. The shrimp curry only had a few pieces of shrimp but it was a lunch special order so its forgivable. The tikka masala was sooooo good ! this is a must. One thing I love about this place is that they will customize your dish to your specific taste. My sisters do not eat too spicy foods and they loved it. This is a must go . It is also very accommodating to children in the lunch time hours. I took my sisters who are pre-tweens and another couple next to me had a toddler aged child with them.
This place is unexpectedly delightful in all sorts of ways.As a general rule of thumb, if you turn onto 6th street from 1st or 2nd Ave, you're probably expecting to have a craving for curry satisfied but you aren't usually expecting to have a particularly-anything-experience. This was particularly everything. Particularly well decorated, particularly romantic, particularly fresh, particularly downright delicious.To start off - their beer list is pretty well considered, and they have a few different wines to choose from. The waitress and gracious host (who may have actually been the owner, he had such a warm demeanor and presence) were around just enough but never overbearingAs far as food. We had the crispy cauliflower and spicy shrimp with puffy luchi bread. Ohh yum. The waitress knew how precious that shrimp sauce was, so she purposefully left the remaining sauce behind for us to soak up with some perfectly crispy and ungreasy roti that was soon to come with our goat and chicken curries. The chennai goat curry was supremely spicy but not in a numbing/flavor-obscuring way. The chicken with coconut, peanuts, and poppyseeds was unique and complex. All of the meat was tender, generous, and flavorful, but none of the food was a gutbuster.If you're a particular person look for a particular dining experience, don't worry about missing out on a $9.99 meal deal elsewhere down the row. This food is truly worth it, and makes 6th Street worthy of its Curry Row designation.
Ok, so cons first, cause it gets clipped and people never read these all the way through anyway. Rice is a separate charge (who orders chicken tikka masala without rice?). Also, the prices are a little high; my fiancee and I got a dish each, a rice each, and one naan between the two of us. With 15% tip, $50.Having said that, the food here was probably the best we've ever had, from four different continents (though we're visitors to NYC). The tikka masala was smooth and creamy, and I got the murgh saag, which was fantastic. The chicken was very tender. The brown rice was soft and tasty, and the naan was actually thick (some places tend to have paper thin naan, which doesn't even feel like bread). There's also a free starter with a few different sauces to begin, and the portions were also quite large. We were full and we are two big people (over 6 feet :-)Overall: Highly recommended.
It's my first time trying this place and it was awesome...Not because my glutton partner and I were starving to death. We opted for take-out and all I could say was wow to all the yummy goodness. The food has a lot of flavor and lunch specials are the way to go with its ginormous portions.
Such a great experience! There are some interesting dishes that are not found in many Indian restaurants. Food was cooked to perfection and served with a smile. Clean decor! Will be back soon.
This place is so good. Easily the best Indian on east 6th street. Their lunch special is totally worth the $11
Good food and good service. Don't be fooled by the portion size. 3 friends and I ordered 3 entrees and we had trouble finishing it. The waiters were very helpful with suggestions and definitely did not steer us wrong.
Very good food and service. A bit tight quarters, but overall a really good atmosphere and experience.
Got the wrong thing, pricy, the meat was terrible , bad service. Perhaps a bad day for them but I'm not coming back.
Fresh new option among all the tired old restaurants in Little India. Decor and vibe are pretty standard, but definitely a step up from all the drab spots on this block. Be forewarned, the chili paneer appetizer certainly packs the heat. I enjoyed the peppers and sautéed onions accompanying it. Bindi sasuralwali is different from most preparations I've tried, and I really liked it!Ultimately, however, I don't see any of the veg offerings setting Malai Marke apart from the competition. The fresh coastal seafood is what does that. You must try at least a couple of these.  Mangalore, Goa, Alleppey and Bengali style fish and shrimp curries are awesome. Alleppey fish curry was a little too oily, but still enjoyable.
Being Indian and having an authority on these things, this place is not good. There are far better places in the EV/LES to get Indian food. This place has small portions, high prices, and slow service. MasalaWala is better. Don't waste your time here.
First time eating Indian food. Came here for a friend's birthday and I was going to eat beforehand but I'm glad that I didn't. My friend and the waiter both recommended the chicken tikka masala. It was delicious. Had it without rice or bread and it was filling :)
Great tikka masala. Good $11 deal for lunch specials. Also tried the lamb, pretty solid. I have been there twice in a month and I'm sure I'll be back.
Stopped by on a Friday after work and there were plenty of tables available. Coondapur Kori - This was okayGarlic Naan - This was delicious, each of my friends mentioned how much they liked it. Onion Bhaji - This was one of the worst onion fritters I have ever hadSamosas - This was not very appetizingChicken Chutneywala - This was okay, tad spicyLamb pepper fry - the coconut and curry in this was amazing. My favorite dish hereThis place was recommended by a friend and was his favorite Indian place.
Me and my boyfriend re trying to save money, so we decided to do our very first GROUPON DEAL. I was a bit hesitant , but once I arrived I knew it was going to be no regrets.Once we arrived at Malai Marke , we was seated right away. The setting was very clean and beautiful. The manager seated us and it was quite nice that he remembered my reservation call. He explained the Groupon deal and what we can order. The deal included: a small plate (appetizer) , an entree, naan, basmati rice, and a glass of wine for each person for $34.00! AMAZING RIGHT? Since this was  Groupon deal for two, both me and my boyfriend had our own choice of what we can get. While waiting for our food we had something similar to salsa and chips , but better! I cannot remember the name, but I would kill to have some more!When it came time to choosing the food, I had the Ragara Patties for my small plate option and it was amazing. It was seasoned potatoes with chickpeas. The seasoning and taste was so good!!! For my entree I had Goat Curry with Basmati Rice. Nothing that I had here was a disappointment!The service was perfect. Every time my water was a bit low, it was filled. Every time my food was done, the empty plate was taken away from the table right away. I love good service so I would recommend anyone to this restaurant! If your a lover of Indian Food, Malai Marke is the way to go!!!
On a trip back to Malai Marke last Saturday we made it a point to order a number of new dishes."Chicken Malai marinated in a mild creamy sauce."farm3.staticflickr.com/2…"Mild" is the key word here but that doesn't mean it wasn't fully spiced.  Very good.  This would be a nice counterbalance on a night when you were ordering a number of spicy starters.Patiala Lamb Kababs.  These are an old favorite and I wouldn't have bothered posting this picture except that they seem to have shrunk quite a bit since our last visit.farm4.staticflickr.com/3…Here's a shot from our previous visit.farm4.staticflickr.com/3…Maybe it's a kitchen misstep and it will be corrected next time.  If it's a stealth price increase I would really prefer they just raise the price rather than shrink the portions.  We're adults - we can take it.  BTW, the flavor was as good as ever."Murgh Korma chicken malai kabab in a creamy almond sauce."  MM and its sister restaurants seem to specialize in these mild curries with nut based sauces.  They're all distinctive in their own way and all very good.  I'd happily have this again.farm3.staticflickr.com/2…And finally, a little heat.  "Chettinad peppercorn chicken infused curry from the house of chettiyars."  I like that "house of chettiyars" bit.  It reminds me of something out of one of those Hammer horror films from the 1960s.  The menu description is spot on - the peppercorn based curry has real heat and is pleasantly unusual, at least for me.  I'd happily order this again.farm8.staticflickr.com/7…One more new dish, this one a side - "Keema Pulav - rice tossed with minced lamb."  I'd never seen this before anywhere so it fit into our new dishes theme.  farm4.staticflickr.com/3…I thought it was very good but it didn't quite work as a side dish.  It was too rich and assertive to play a complementary role but not quite complex enough to work as a full fledged main.  If I was with a group of four I might order this again.  A small taste would be nice.  Split between two people it's a bit too much of a good thing.
Omg this place is sooooo good.  I love Indian food, so I've tried many of the available options in East Village and this is hands down the best Indian food I've ever had.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is ridiculous, so is the Paneer Malai Marke and the samosa.  The naan is delicious, especially the chili onion naan.  The place is super clean and trendy, the staff is friendly and the lunch special cant be beat.  Entree, basmati rice, curry cabbage salad, lentil soup and naan all for $10, delivery, eat in or takeout.  I order it at least once a week with no regrets.
Good not glorious. This may be unfair, but I thought of this as a successor to Brick Lane, which I thought of as the best of 6th street indo (at least 5 years ago). My memory of Brick Lane was better flavors, but it's hard to compare because it's been a long time.
I'm Indian. And so I can truly say..that this is a great Indian place on E. 6th Street. Go here! Try the coconut chicken dish and the coconut shrimp one. The garlic Naan is a must try ags the kingfish beer the server recommended went great with the entire meal. The food could've been a little more spicy but then again I could've requested it. All in all, this is a great place!
One of the best Indian restaurants I have eaten in the city.  I would give 5 stars, but the service/waiting staff was kind of meh.  The food is delicious.  Not too oily which is prevalent in many Indian restaurants.  Overall satisfied and would bring my friends there.
Wow wow wow!  The food here is delicious!  I had tried a vegan potato chickpea dish that was wonderfully spiced as well as a malai kofta dish which was out of this world.  Probably the worst thing in the world to eat for you in terms of health b/c it's extremely rich and creamy, but it was absolutely...heavenly.  I was however disappointed by the Saag Paneer.  The the spinach sauce was not creamy and it was also bland.5 stars for the food.  Unfortunately 2 stars for the service.  We came on a Saturday night at 10PM and they were extremely disorganized in getting us seated.  The same waitress and manager came over countless times and asked us over and over again how many people were in our party and they kept saying 20 minutes, even when we had already waiting over 20 minutes.  They seemed to have forgotten us over and over again, even though there was no one else in line.  And it seemed they were terribly bad at estimating when we'd get a seat b/c they told us 20 minutes from the start but we waited an hour.I supposed the lesson would be to make a reservation in advance.Delicious food though!
Major Indian foodie here!! I came here when they first opened. There are so many Indian restaurants in this area and they are competitive. Love the atmosphere here. It's lively and the décor appeared to be modern. The place is clean too. Service is ok. I had take out here and dined in here a few times. Here are the dishes that I tried.Jhinga Luchi - tangy creamy shrimp served with luchi bread. They have about 3 jumbo shrimps in this creamy cashew sauce and they serve it with this spongy type of bread. Great appetizer. Chicken tikka massala- Amazing. It was not overly sweet and the chicken was moist. Garlic naan- perfect. Lunch special for 9 dollar- I have the chicken tikka massala. It included dal, punjabi cabbage, rice and naan bread. This was filling but I did not like the cabbage. It was tasteless but the rest was very good. Portion is descent size.
The space is really good-looking: sleek and modern. The service was quite good, though we did have to wait for about ten minutes even though we had a reservation. Buuut that's par for the course most places, so no big. One of the surprise favorites of the meal was the curried okra, which had a nice heat to it, and wasn't too "saucy." We ordered lamb which was also excellent, and did not have the disappointment I've often had at Indian restaurants where it's all sauce and no meat. Everything was seasoned really well. The menu is quite extensive, and I wish I had written this review sooner after my meal so I could remember more of what we ordered!
Very dimly lit restaurant.  I was hard to read the menu, and I feel like I have good eyesight.  I had the chicken tikka masala which was good, but I've had better.  They do have a strange mix drink of beer and something like Sprite.  It was better than I thought.  The naan could have been a little more doughy.
Awesome Indian food! The food was perfectly spiced and the restaurant very clean on the inside. I got something that was "Spicy" but it really was not that hot, but the flavors were excellent. Naan was perfectly made and the service was great Really cheap too.... lunch specials are like 9 dollars and dinner is 14 bucks. Definitely will come back.
I had been craving some quality Indian cuisine when I discovered Malai Marke in the East Village. Lately, while scrolling through endless Seamless suggestions, the thought of ordering Indian crossed my mind, but like a great NY slice, finding that perfect Indian place in a sea of mediocrity is hard to come by. Malai Marke was that golden spot--quality food, great atmosphere, affordable prices, and a lovely location.Before jumping into the heavier foods, my friend and I started with fried okra. We were handed a plate full of golden- brown strands, resembling fried onions. Salty, crispy, and delicious-- those who fear this green vegetable would be swayed. The dish is perfect to share and is definitely different and unique. When it came to the metaphorical "meat" of the dish, my friend and I may have gone a bit overboard. Determined to try a little taste of everything, we order a full selection. Upon ordering Saag Paneer, a spinach curry with paneer cheese, and Lamb Pasanda, lamb in a creamy, nut sauce, we also sampled the Fish Moilee, fish in a creamy, coconut, curry sauce, lemon rice, garlic naan, mango lassi, and Gulan Jamu for dessert to finish up. Like I said, we may have gone overboard. But it was all totally worth it. Not only did the quantity of the food astound us, but the quality regained our faith in Indian food in the city. Everything was pretty incredible. The flavors weren't too overwhelming and each bowl of goodness was cooked to perfection. I would personally recommend the fish in a coconut curry sauce; as a pesscatarian, I was in heaven. The mango lassi was the perfect addition to the meal. This mango yogurt blend was sweet and the texture was smooth. After so many different spices, the coolness of our sweet and creamy beverage was much appreciated. Located on E 6TH Street, not only is Malai Marke near my college, it works well with a student budget--the lunch special is only $9! So as a student, I am eternally grateful. Plus this place is HUGE and probably great for parties/ dinner with friends, that sort of thing. The staff, the food, the location, everything was really great, I will definitely be returning for more, I highly recommend this place!
My fond memories of India Row consist of slow walks down East 6th street waiting to be beckoned into each restaurant with some offer of free wine, naan, live music, etc. All the while I thought these eateries had adjoining kitchens, as there was very little difference in the food from one place to the next. However, after experiencing Malai Marke, my perception of E.6th street has forever changed. Gourmet Indian in an unpretentious setting...sold. There is no need for salesman like beckoning because the food speaks volumes. Our dinner consisted of the Fish Moilee, a tilapia stewed in coconut milk and fragrant, nutty spices along with Gobi Karare, smoky cauliflower florettes fried with a little onion and chili as well as the Chennai Goat Curry with extra chili, which was not devastatingly hot. To accompany the dishes, we tried the lemon rice and coconut rice which were buttery, fluffy and a meal in themselves. Let's not also forget the crispy garlic Naan and thick raita to cool off our palettes. I seriously have never eaten Indian food anywhere without getting an "itis" like feeling when I am full. Malai's cuisine satisfies without the heaviness. Forget the walk...stop at Malai Marke. You need not go further!!!
Really great Indian food in "Little India/Curry Row." I wanted to get the $9 lunch special, but my friend was late so we missed the 4PM cutoff time by two minutes. Next time. Super cute restaurant - they use mason jars for water! And there was exposed brick with copper plates for decor - super homey feel.But overall, it was really delicious and affordable Indian food. L. & I shared an appetizer and had an entree each. We shared the ragara pancakes (so delish!) - there were three pancakes in total, great for whetting your appetite. He had the Chicken Tikka Masala and I had the Chicken Korma. The chicken was great - super juicy and tender. I had some of L's Tikka Masala - it was super flavorful and a delight of spices on your tongue. My korma was a bit too creamy - you could barely taste the spices they used in the curry. But overall, our meal was really delicious and I'd highly recommend this new-ish Indian restaurant on Curry Row.
Ok, we were the only people in here and we had some service flub ups... they dropped our naan (noooooooo) of course they replaced it but meh, forgot one of our appetizers and brought it after our main course, meh but that's ok.  It was pretty tasty and they were very friendly. Long gone are the days of cheap 6th street Indian eats... fortunately, some spots like this place seem to try to make up for it.  The decor is on the modern tip, and while the tables are pretty close together, it harkens back to the good old days of piling into the Indian restaurant of your choice way back when.  Everything we ate was pretty tasty, I mean, they were generous with the onion chutney my friend loves, the samosas were crispy and divine, overall our meal was terrific.  I'd give this place more of a 3.5 stars but their extra A for effort in fumbling through the service was enough to give them an extra 1/2 star bump.
Perfectly seasoned, yet different Indian food. Very different from the "typical." The service was good and the ambience can be somewhat romantic depending on how many people are there. The highlight was the Fish Moilee and the Chicken curries. I think I have a new fav Indian place.
Whether I need take out or eat in, this place always delivers! The atmosphere of the restaurant is actually quite nice and more upscale than the other 6th street offerings. The menu offers a huge variety of North Indian cuisine and I haven't had a bad item despite working my way through most of it. Overall the portions are reasonable (the biriyani is on the big side) and the food is fresh and never greasy or heavy. Their chicken korma is nutty and delicious and the naan is fluffy and light. What more could I ask for?
My boyfriend and I have ordered from here at least 2 times a week for the past month or so, we are obsessed with this place! Malai Marke is a great place for delivery or dining in! We typically always get the Chili Chicken to start and have rotated between a vegetable dish Bindi Sasuralwali (okra), Saag Tarkari or Daal Saag and another meat dish like Chicken Chettinad, Lamb Lal Maas -- you really can't go wrong. Always get the Onion Naan.Something to note is that when you do order delivery it will always take the entire time quoted, i.e. 30-45 minutes -- it'll get there in 45 minutes. Not a horrible thing, but just wanted to call out!Dining in is great too as they have big, cold beers on draft. Yum. The decor is modern and sleek. Servers are nice and attentive. Food is out in a timely manner. No complaints!
Two of my friends and I came here for lunch today. We had planned to go to Panna or Panna II or one of the delicious restaurants further down the block, but we were lured in by the $9 lunch special.We walked in and were totally delighted by the hipster-lite decor. Water was in mason jars. There was a beer bottle chandelier. And the exposed brick was hung with copper bowls. I was pleased.And then the food came, and it was excellent. I had the chicken vindaloo--great slow build of heat. My friends got the lamb saag and some other lamb dish, and they both really happy with their food. One of my friends hearted the naan (free with lunch special) so much that he actually ordered a second basket. Deeeeelish.And the guys working there were so nice!!! They checked up on us a bunch, and the guy who I think might be the owner was the sweetest biscuit of the bunch.Looking forward to coming back!
Really enjoyed my dinner here. Presentation was lovely and portions were just perfect. Not too heavy or greasy, which is sometimes my beef with Indian food. They also have a brown rice option, which you don't find everywhere.
Everything off the spicy menu is great. Garlic naan is flavorful and moist. Service is great. Bathrooms are clean. It can get pretty loud after 6pm, usually quiets down by 10pm.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was good, but not worth the price. I was also shocked that for a relatively average-sized portion rice was not included. Thus, just to order rice, one chicken entree, and one order of naan, it was well over 20 dollars, especially factoring in tax and tip. Not worth the cost.
This was my first encounter with Indian food, and all I can say is wow. For starters I love spicy food so I wanted to try something along the spicy side. They have a heat meter ranked by the amount of red chilis are next to the food. The highest rating they have is 4, so I went with Lal Maas w/ chicken. It was packed with flavor and made my nose run a little. I also got to try a sample of my wife's Chicken Tikka Masala and it was amazing, two days later and I was still thinking about it.Also make sure to order the garlic Naan with your meal. It's a toasted bread which goes well with any meal you order.Service was up to par, but could of been a little better, it seemed like everytime we needed something a different server came to us.In all GREAT FOOD!
Modern decor, okay service. New waitress, I guess.1) Mango lassi: light and refreshing mango yogurt drink-- good2) Okra with fried onions-- okay3) Garlic naan-- delicious 4) Chicken tikka masala-- very, very good5) Lamb madras-- spicy and tender, good6) Veg biryani-- very goodI know these may sound like typical Indian dishes you find in America, but the flavors here are so good and cooked well. Great chef! Thank you.
For a small restaurant very cute place .. Little loud but it's ok ... Food was good and Nan was super deliciously amazing ...  Great service !!! And most important parking was available everywhere after 7pm free parking ... Which is amazing in Manhattan lol ... Thank you for great dinner :-)
Expensive for small portions that don't come with rice or naan.We had a birthday dinner there with 5 people. We had one entree each but everyone was still hungry after because the portions were so small. For $15 - $20 entrees we expected more than just a few pieces of chicken in sauce. There were not even vegetables! Also, the entree does not include rice or naan. Those are charged separately! WTF is that? You want rice or naan with your dish in sauce (which is almost everything), pay extra $3 - $6.We had the cottage cheese dessert and it was just plain and grainy. Not anything like the waiter described - which he was great at talking up the dessert, saying how creamy and delicious it is and like a great salesman he sold us a piece of sh*t that was bland and watery.
I went to Malai Marke with party of 4 on a Friday night at 7:45 pm. The place was crowded and we were sat right away. That was the only good part.We ordered two mango lassis and a beer. When they tried to serve us after 10 mins or so, the waiter spilled it all over. It went all over in one of our dining partner's shoes and some on to the person sitting next to our table. They did not seem that apologetic either.After I came home. I noticed they were also on my pants and coat and sadly I had to send them to dry cleaners.Anyway, we ordered two batches of samosas and mulligatawny and lentil soup. They were tasty . Then, we had as entrees a shrimp dish with garlic, vegetable jalfrezi , and one chicken and one lamb . We also had rice and naan.But interesting thing is that my wife originally ordered tofu. They took the order and after 15 mins the waiter came back in and told us that they don't have tofu. The food took almost 25 minutes to be served.This is the third time in a row at this restaurant  we tried to order tofu and they did not have it every time.I am unsure why they have that on the menu. This is NYC and tofu can be found everywhere.And after serving the food, the waiter never bothered to ask about food and though I might have ordered one more beer, but the wait stuff did not seem to care.I think this restaurant is going downhill. Sorry to say that....
We were thrilled this restaurant was open on Thanksgiving and decided to go here, over other places on Curry Row, because of Yelp reviews and a stellar review on First We Feast. It did not disappoint. The interior is chic and spare, not cheesy like some of its neighbors. I had the lamb saag and it was incredibly delicious-- you could taste the fresh ginger.  We had samosas and naan, and yum to those as well. One friend had the vegan dish with pumpkin in it- (pumpkin sabji)- spicy and unusual-- like nothing I've quite tasted before.It's a little pricier than some of its neighbors, but worth it.
So I just tried this place for the first time even though it's a little pricier than some of the other Indian restaurants on the block because it got a lot of great reviews on yelp. I have to say the yelpers were right. The food is excellent and a step above the other Indian places on the block that I've tried. The flavors were unique and not the same old curry that you can get anywhere else.  But I had to take it down one star because it's also about 50% more expensive and I felt like the server seemed a little disappointed that I only ordered the lunch special and wasn't spending more money. Also had to come down one star because I ordered the chai tea (which I generally love) but the cup that came in was a little dirty and it tasted really pretty bad. I drank it because I needed the caffeine but I didn't enjoy it.  I would definitely come back because the food was that good but I would never order the chai tea again.
The owner cheaped out on staffing! We waited 45 min before we even got water let alone someone to take our order! They were really busy and only two ppl working in the entire restaurant. The food is good but not worth the wait/service
Simply delicious.... I tried almost everything from the menuThe waiters are so nice and courteous.  I really love this place!!
Indian-chinese dishes were really really great. But Dhabewali biriyani was awfully over spiced with lots and lots of cinnamon, cloves, anise seed, cardamom to the point where its literally inedible. I threw away more than half.
So disappointing. I love Indian food with a passion. This just fell flat. The dishes were entirely unremarkable, overly sweet, and underspiced. It didn't fill my Indian food loving craving for sure!Skip it.
Malai Marke is easily the best restaurant on Indian Avenue. The food is always amazing, with quick and friendly service. I'd especially recommend the malai kofta!
Great prices, good portions, and tasty food. My only issue is when I do take out, sometimes they give me naan and rice and other times they just give me rice. Personally, I didn't really like their samosas, but their entrees are no fail options.
Went here for the first time.It was 2:30pm and I ordered a lunch special malai kofta. It comes with white rice, dal ( lentil soup) and naan. Everything was delicious !It was one the best dal I have ever had ;-)It definitely worth the $9.The bonus was the presentation of the food in little bowls ( i was expecting a tray ..)
Best Indian I ever had. Everything, even simple rice is delicious. Good prices.Service, could benefit from some training but they are nice and friendly.
My girlfriend and I went there with a groupon. The food was very tasty, with just the right amount of spices. The place is on the smaller side, but is not cramped. And the decor is nice. The staff was very friendly and assisted us in what to order being that we are not too savvy with Indian food.I have used many Groupon dinners. Some of the restaurants treat you different because you are having a discounted meal....This is NOT one of them. We were treated very well. I will definitely be coming back!
Ah Malai Marke. Loosely translating to the "cream of the crop" (Or at least the St. Mark's area), it's not hard to see where they were going with the name, being located as they are in the heart of Indian food central on 6th street. Or how pissed the neighbors must be they called themselves that! Anyway, you are here about the food, and man oh man are you in the right place. They don't call it "the cream" for nothing here. Every dish I have had at Malai Marke has been excellent to the point of ridiculousness. They always start you off with a complimentary plate of papadam and dipping sauces (hit that mint sauce hard). Then I can't help but order some samosas. I know - it's predictable, but these samosas are so crisp and fresh tasting, they will reinvent your understanding of this classic favorite. A trip here though isn't complete for me until I have ordered up a cauldron of lamb madras, a delightfully spiced curry and coconut milk stew full of big chunks of tender lamb. Incredible. Something I feel I need to mention here too is maybe just a personal aspect. But I never feel that heavy I-just-ate-way-too-much-curry-oh-God feeling after eating here. Even after actually eating way too much curry. Maybe it's the quality of the ingredients? But sparing the graphic details, my body doesn't revolt against me after a delicious meal here. My only complaint here is having to pay for rice, even just normal rice. They didn't used to do this, but started about 6 months ago right before they had a big renovation of the dining room. Maybe they're related? But don't expect free rice to come back onto the menu, it's probably paid to stay now... Unfortunately I'm fickle and cheap, so that's my only -1 star. As to the service and decor, they certainly hit a nice ambiance in this restaurant. Waitstaff are attentive and courteous (and quick with the water in trendy Mason jars!). And as mentioned above, they somewhat recently updated their decor to include putting in super comfy chairs. Definitely an awesome and functional touch. TL;DR for an excellent Indian meal at a mostly reasonable price, look no further than Malai Marke. Perfect for a date or a nice meal with family and/or friends. Or all three. Don't limit yourself.
Top Indian restaurant in Manhattan. Get the Malai Marke dish, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
This place is an amazing find.  I don't understand why all Indian places can't make food this good.  We ordered take out and asked for recommendation.  We had the murgh makhni, the lamb madras, and an eggplant dish.  The eggplant was the weak link, but everything was fantastic.  I only wish they'd open an outpost in Fort Greene!
The free chips they served us are very oily. I had better ones in Princeton.I don't know why someone recommended the fish which costs $20. Even the waiter said it's the best. Well, let me tell you, you don't eat fish in an Indian restaurant and I made that mistake. Word of advice, stay with chicken and beef.The curries are no doubt genuine and thumbs up.Overall experience: not a bad restaurant for some genuine Indian foods but a bit pric
BFF and I were craving Indian food after an eyebrow threading and bubble tea sipping filled Sunday. Malai Marke hit the spot and left us full and happy. Ordered the kurkuri bindi to share, pumpkin sabji and a side of garlic naan for me and dal tadka for my girl. Kurkuri bindu, fried okra, incredibly crispy and flavorful, ate then like fries and with our hands. Since they were so reminiscent of fries, both of us agreed that the starter should have come with some sort of dipping sauce, unconventional? Still wouldn't mind some sort of condiment or sauce. Huge fan of the pumpkin sabji, generous pumpkin chunks, the coconut, spices, and jaggery formed this type of paste, imbued the dish with heat, depth, and grit.  Had a few spoonfuls of dal tadka, thought it was under seasoned, flavorless. The most memorable part of the dinner was the garlic naan. Charred, crusty bottom, minced garlic thrown atop the naan, garlic flavor prominent without overpowering, pillow like bread for dipping and scooping. I had no more pumpkin left to scoop up but still happily finished my basket of naan. Malai Marke distinguishes itself from the other Indian restaurants on the street by its uncommon and quality food. Will definitely be back for that dank looking chicken xacuti and other cravings!
There was a 20 minute wait for a party of six. We wanted to wait inside ( it was cold that night) but they wanted us to stand outside. Said they would call us when ready. 45 minutes later there is still no call!  We chose to eat elsewhere. I guess when you are doing well you don't care but things change (just checkout the other places on Curry Lane). They will be waiting for the customers then.
So flavorful and yummy. It's a little on the pricier size, but the portions are generous. Plenty of vegetarian/vegan options with dishes separated on the menu.  The dal tadka, the chowrangi aloo dum, and saag tarkari are all amazing.  Never disappointed when I order from here!
I ordered from here because it had such great reviews, but I was pretty disappointed with my order. The tikka masala was not very tasty all. The chicken was incredibly dry, even in the tikka masala sauce. Additionally, there was a part of a rubber band in one of the dipping sauces I received. Will not be ordering from here again.
Descent place for a full course lunch within 12 bucks in East Village is commendable. I've been here only once and definitely will visit again.
This is my favorite Indian spot on Curry Row. It has a very modern  and clean look to it. And everything we've tried has been delicious. My fav dish is the chicken Tikka Masala. It is hands down the best on the block.
The truth is we have sampled more then a number of Indian restaurants on and off curry row in New York as well as Indian restaurants in Chicago, Milwaukee, Mumbai, New Delhi and Puna and this one is right up there among the best.  Do yourself a favor and let the staff pick your meal.  You will not be disappointed.  Going back tonight and I cannot wait.
This was the best Indian food I've had thus far during my time in New York. So so good! My boyfriend and I brought his parents here for lunch and they had an extensive menu including a vegan section. I feel that food needs to burn in order to be good and my 4 pepper rated meal was deliciously spicy but also so flavorful. We were very pleased and will be back for more.
This is one of the newer places on East 6th Street, and unfortunately it symbolizes the decline of this strip as a mecca of inexpensive Indian/Bangladeshi/Pakistani eateries.  Prices are high for the area - I paid $15 plus tax and tip for a simple vegetable stir fry that I could have easily made at home.  The other food was in line with the rest of the block, and maybe a cut above - their samosas and naan were fresh, warm, and very tasty.  My friend insisted on this place because they have a.c. and many of the others still do not - but next time I'll sweat it out and enjoy the fact that I am getting a delicious meal at a bargain price.
Great food. The vegan spiced potatoes were delicious and unique. Rice, which is sometimes included at indian restaurants, is a bit pricy here. Service is fairly fast. Reservations are recommended.
First time. The place is very modern and quite nice atmosphere.  The service were very accommodating and the food was very good. Portion was very substantial.  Highly recommended.
the restaurant is generally pretty packed with ppl waiting by the door - so we had high hopes for this place.it turned out tht the food was good - but not great. the curries we ordered were pretty tasty but certainly lacked some oomph and authenticity. the tandoori grill mix was good too, the chicken super tender... but again it wasnt extraordinary..service was also good, not great... but the space was clean and comfortable...
So so good. Another place that was reviewed dead-on by Yelpers. The scene inside is rather trendy and cramped, but I guess that's all part of the appeal. My friend and I started with the samosa and chicken kebabs marinated in a green masala. The chicken was delicious. Seasoned perfectly and the dipping sauce was spot on. For my meal I got the murgh saag. It comes in a cute little pot. My eyes were certainly bigger than my stomach. I could barely finish half of it and my friend barely made it through his. A must-have? THE GARLIC NAAN.
After 35 plus years of eating Indian food on 6th street, MM served the absolute best Chicken Korma I have ever eaten. We also had excellent Paratha and Cauliflower and potatoes. The current best Indian in the area.Additionally, I would like to note the clean, modern, comfortable and elegant decor elevates the meal to a truly wonderful experience. In addition, there is a lovely and helpful female waitstaff.
Came here with a friend in a Saturday night, we were seated very quickly. We ordered wine and Nann to start and service was very prompt. We both ordered chicken masala as main dishes and it was delicious! Over great food and very reasonable prices!!
Good indian restaurant! Decently busy on a Sunday night. The tikka masala was creamy and delicious. Prices were decent-not the cheapest you'll find but worth the extra bucks for good food. Service was fine, not stellar. Of note: you're only allowed to use 2 credit cards if you're splitting. Would come back here if I was in the area.
This place is so good. I leave here with a giant food baby every time .   get the lamb... Something .  Like it's creamy and kinda sweet - you'll recognize it on th menu .  Their mango lassies are great too .   And the ambiance isn't bad!
I don't know who are all these people leaving four and five star reviews. 45 minutes to get an appetizer. Food is comparable to what you would get in a greasy street food cart. Zero stars in my book, but yelp won't let me...
Food was pretty good. Flavoring was great and so was service. The only reason I have to lower my rating is that it was about 85 degrees outside and they had barely any fans on and no ac. Imagine how sweaty it got eating that much spice in a hot restaurant.
I wish i can give a zero rating. i had the honor of visiting this horrible place 2 weekends ago with 2 of my friends. Firstly, one of my friend didnt want to eat but said would share a bite. So, this server told us that sharing isn't allowed on the lunch special. So, we ordered 2 specials and one chicken biryani. After eating the worst tasting food with poor service, the server brings the bill with 20% tip already included and below that there was a line printed "Gratuity not included". When questioned why so he gave some vague answer that we sometimes add it. I asked him to take it off and i gave him the tip he deserved - $1. While leaving the place, this server runs after us to the door and told us that there is a law to pay a minimum of 15% tip. I told him that we are not tourists and he cant try his shoddy business service on us and asked his name. He was persistent but backed off after insisting for his name. Stay away from this place as firstly the food is crap quality and secondly these guys are cheats. The highlight was that the server had the audacity to tell about the tip law.
Modern Indian is what this place has to offer.  I went with a group of friends and we all ordered different types of curry: Tikka masala, chicken chutneywala, saag paneer, malai marke curry, and the korma.  The malai marke curry was listed as spicy but it wasn't as spicy as what most Indian restaurants have.  The korma is the creamy, nutty curry...usually not spicy but this one was more on the sweeter side and pretty much not spicy at all.  I've had korma from other Indian places and there's usually a hint of other spices with more flavors.  The saag paneer was good and the naan were also good, too.I might go try again but it's definitely not my first go to choice for Indian curry.,  I think Bricklane has better curry despite the fact that they're all pretty spicy but i rather go for the vibrant flavors from the spices than the sweet and mild curry from this restaurant.  Atmosphere is nice so it's worth going for a try especially if you're the type who cannot handle spicy food but still want to have curry.
Their butter chicken is the closest I've had to what you get in the best restaurants in Delhi.
The food is absolutely amazing, with some of the best naan I've had! I have been here three times for lunch, and the items on the lunch menu are definitely worth the price. The atmosphere is relatively quite and relaxed. I'm not sure if it can get crowded for dinner, but it certainly wasn't crowded for lunch. Overall, would certainly recommend.
I really wanted to like this place. I like the atmosphere and decor. My wife and I both ordered chicken tikka masala. Her medium and me native hot. The curry was one of the best I have had and I have had a lot. Unfortunately it wasn't spicy at all. Both of ours were the same. We were also the first table to be seated and after we ordered another couple come in, ordered, and got their food before us. They also missed part of my order but after giving us our food they never came back to the table to check on us. They were nice and friendly but their service really let's them down.
Everything we had was really tasty--Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma. We were so hungry we launched into main courses and didn't try any appetizers. I liked the modern, clean, well-designed look of the place. The service was really quick and attentive. It didn't have the "flava" of some of the other 6th St. places with the crazy decorations, but it was a really dependable, tasty meal.
This place is among my top 3 Indian restaurants and the other two are here in Chicago where I live.  I went there last year on a trip with a groupon.  The food was so good I visited again this year.  The staff is cordial, friendly and attentive.  The menu is diverse.  And the food is flavorful and spicy.  A nice small intimate spot in East Village. When I return to New York I will return to this place.
Outstanding Food and service. Decor is very inviting and stylish too. My new favorite Indian Restaurant in NYC.
they don't know how to properly listen to customers or keep reservations ... terrible customer service - made a birthday reservation there last month and kept a table of 6 waiting for 45 minutes - have ordered here many times where they screw up the order and don't offer to do anything about it ... "ohhh, I'm sorry" ... okay, so do something about it you bumsfood is very tasty, and seems fresh - sure, I'll give them that, as there's no disputing it, but once you get home, be prepared to have your stomach explode! not only that, it's unreal how much cream they use in their creamy dishes ... at the time your order it, looks fresh and great, take some home for leftovers and the next day it's like a tub of lard!consider renaming yourselves to "heavy-cream indian house" and learn that the restaurant business is about hospitality and pleasing customers, not about running a business and getting dishes out like a manufacturing plant
I am upgrading my review to 5 stars.  I was back there last night and decided to sample the vegetarian and vegan dishes.  AMAZINGLY fresh!  My aloo ghobi ghar ki(cauliflower and potatoes) had the freshest cuts of potatoes and cauliflower covered with carmelized onions.  I nipped at my friend's pumpkin sabji entree which was spiced just right.  Also, the okra appetizer (kurkuri bindi) was so good that I had to politely restrain myself from eating it all (to have more tummy space for more!).   The best part was that none of the food was overly greasy.  The chef really did a good job bringing out the flavors.  The manager and wait staff were so attentive and nice about everything (even the mishaps).  I brought my friend there last night knowing that it was a good place to host dinner.
Great food! We had the chicken tikka masala, lamb dhansak( as a parsi this is a gem to find at a restuarant!) , naan, malai marke murghi, shrimp(chingri) malai dish. no dish was bad. only down fall was they had a pipe that was near the table that burnt my hand- no joke, had to ask for ice to ice the burn. for someone from the construction sector was shocked that NYC  inspections didnt catch that....
I really liked this place! Big fan of the layout/dimly-lit/trendy vibe of the place, and that it had an open kitchen to watch food being prepared. I got the lamb saag, which was deeeeelicious!! Only gripe, as I see on some other reviews, is that you have to order naan and rice separately, but in some of the fussier Indian restaurants, diners should sort of expect that to be the norm.
I think of all the Indian establishments on the block, this one takes the cake. They have a stellar $9 lunch deal which includes an entree and naan bread / rice. I'll be back to try out the rest of their extensive menu but I've only had the chicken tikka masala and the chicken saag. The tikka masala was quite creamy and flavorful. Perfect for soaking up all the rice and naan bread on the side. The saag was basically a spinach/ginger paste which was surprisingly good with a little kick. The entire time, the staff was polite and always filling water glasses. Extremely friendly and clean establishment with good food.
Do NOT order delivery from here. I placed an order online through their website at 8pm and the food did not arrive until well over an hour later. Additionally, once it did arrive it was missing items. I called the restaurant back asking them to please send the items - they said they would send them and then never did. I then called an hour later to ask where the items were and without as much as an apology, they said they were now closed for delivery for the night and that they had been busy and "tried to tell me that". Not only were they super slow, but they messed up the order and then were rude to me when I asked them to please delivery the correct things. There are too many reliable choices in NYC and I will not be ordering from this place again.**I'd like to add that the manager called me the next day after hearing what happened, apologized and gave me a full refund (minus the tip of course which I insisted the delivery man still received). I appreciate his professionalism and hope that they can figure out their delivery. For that I gave them one more star.
I went shortly after reading the NYT rave and have returned another 4 times since. I don't understand why it's not continually mobbed. The food is so much better but no more expensive than so many other places downtown. Coondapuri chicken is absolutely wonderful- just when you think you've identified all the elements of the dish you take another bite where some new spice fills your mouth.
The Best Indian Food we have tried!!! We visited tonight and had the Murgh Korma, cheese naan and the samosas. The food and the service were simply amazing. The place is very nicely decorated and had great music. The food was served quickly and surpassed our expectations. We will definitely be back for more! We are already planning our next visit to malai marke.
Delicious! I could eat their okra dish once a week for real. SOOO good. We also got the goat curry and lamb madras. All three went really well together and I love how they serve in the metal bowls. The only weird thing was all of the bones/misc pieces in the goat curry. The atmosphere is nice and everything felt fresh and clean. Definitely going back!
Great indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  I usually walk by most of the other Indian places since they all look old and generic.  This place looks really nice walking in...the decor is inspiring and I love the chairs and tables.  The food is really good and I eat indian food every day.  We ordered the chilli paneer as an app and it was amazing.  The habanero naan was pretty tasty too.  For dessert, we ordered the kulfi and it was very impressive....it tastes just like how my mom made it.  The service is also very friendly,I finally have a go to place for indian food outside of Curry hill!
We used to love to go to this place, but not any more. Quality and service have changed drastically. It's all rushed now and nobody seems to care anymore. Such a pity, but I guess they became complacent.
Very tasty indian food. Had garlic naan and saag paneer. will definitely be back!
Terrible food.. Ordered vegetarian app and entre - both were quite terrible and bland and cold. When asked if they could spice it up they added about a ton of doves in it and I just had to leave it untouched.
Great foods but I HATE, HATE having to pay extra for rice. Seriously the Chicken Tikka Masala did not come with rice. That's like ordering goulash and you have to pay for the noodles separately.
Me: Malai Marke? Maybe they couldn't afford the extra T at the end.Her: No, it's maar-kay. As in slapped on. As in, "ek paav, malai marke" (one bread, slapped with butter) (Bombay slang, apparently)But the excitement soon faded. There was one staff member working as the hostess, server, and bartender. On a Friday night, it took her 20 minutes to even greet us at the door and seat us. Other people with reservations before us had waited over 30 minutes to be seated. Service was a bit quicker than that, thankfully. We ordered a paneer-vegetable 'lal maas' (literally, red meat, but this was vegetarian), a lamb chettinad, and a garlic naan. The lal maas had 3 chilies on the menu and lived up to its reputation, but in a good way. I should clarify I'm used to extremely spicy food, so I was sweating a bit but able to finish it. Fresh cloves and cardamom were a nice authentic touch too. However, it had huge chunks of broccoli and zucchini. Now, as much I don't mind broccoli or zucchini in a salad or other cuisines, they're not Indian vegetables by any means, and it appeared that they were put in to bulk up the dish. The paneer  (the tastier but costlier ingredient) was less than a third. The lady fared even worse. They brought her chicken instead of lamb, even though it was in a chettinad sauce. We were in a hurry so didn't bother sending it back. However, it wasn't even that tasty or authentic. The only good thing about the meal was the garlic naan. It had real garlic on it, a rarity since garlic tends to burn in the tandoor. It was some of the best garlic naan I've eaten. Now, I understand the service issues were probably since it was packed on a Friday night and they were understaffed. At one point, the manager came out and started taking orders and serving people himself. And it might be one of the best restaurants on E 6th St. But all in all, quite a disappointment compared to other Indian restaurants in the city, especially in Murray Hill (such as the owner's own Dhaba or Bhojan) or Jackson Heights.
Nice atmosphere, delicious food. The food is a bit on the greasy side but it hits the spot. I like the roasted okra (it's vegan but so good), sageer paneer, the curries...spicy here means VERY spicy (and i have a very high tolerance). The garlic naan is great as is the peas rice.
I have no complaints with this place.  The food was great, they serve huge ice-cold beers on tap, and friendly staff that really appreciate your business.  Make sure you are the Jhinga Luchi.  Its a shrimp dish with the absolute best sauce that will force you to order more bread so you can dip into the sauce!  They have some very spicy dishes if you're into that so come prepared.
Best Indian food I've ever ever had in the USA! Had the lamb curry and my date had the shrimp curry with naan and basmati rice, and OMG, DELICIOUS!!  You could taste the spices, the curry was not watery  and the naan was not the fluffy dry bread I've had in some places. I highly recommend this place. GO GO GO! NOW!!
Have been here a few more times and everything has been top notch. Plus it has THE BEST LUNCH DEAL ever. $7 for a veggie main (palak paneer, aloo gobi, or several other things) with naan, daal, and spiced cabbage and rice. And $8 for the whole thing with a meat entree. Nuts. and delicious and in had enough left for dinner. Plus the service is really great -- they are trying very hard to please and it shows.
I came here last week with a friend! This place looked the best out of all the other indian restaurants on the street so we decided to have lunch here. The staff was very friendly and cordial. We were given the menu right away and we were also served with water, in interesting looking glasses. We ordered the lunch special for $9! The chicken tikka masala was delicious. and the naan was hot and very good. The lunch special also came with Dal, which was amazing as well! In love with this restaurant. And I cant wait to return.
Holy moley! Really was the best chicken tikka masala I've ever had! The garlic naan bread was amazing too. The flavors were so complex you could tell the cooks put precision and care into it. I have to say without reservation this is probably the best indian food I've ever had and I've been to a bunch in the east village. I'll definitely be coming back many times.
My wife and I loved this restaurant!  We are vegetarians and the vegetarian dishes were delicious, sophisticated and perfectly seasoned!  We recommend the mulligatawny soup.  It was rich, savory and flavorful.  We loved the Ragara Patties appetizer.  It was a perfect balance of savory and mildly sweet.  For entrees we enjoyed and loved the Pumpkin Sabji (a must) (red pumpkin with coconut and jaggery) and Bindi Sasuralwali (okra).  Service was excellent and speedy despite having a busy restaurant.  Highly recommended!
I don't eat Indian food regularly, but an Indian girlfriend of mine was in town visiting and I read great reviews about this place. I was not disappointed. In fact, it has gotten me craving Indian food now. We came here with a group of 5 and we ordered a bunch of plates to share. Chicken, shrimp, lamb coconut and lemon rice, etc. All of it was fantastic. Really recommend this restaurant for an excellent Indian experience. What I especially appreciated about this restaurant was that next to the order items, it listed how spice each dish was, which as far as Indian good goes, if you're a non Indian, is very important. Loved it!
My boyfriend and I bought the Groupon for 2 small plates, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine, 1 rice and 1 nan that was recently featured, and immediately called for a reservation for that same evening because we were starved. They took us immediately, and were happy to have us there, Groupon or not. The decor looks brand new, the staff was very friendly, and the food was really good. We ordered the ragara patties, tangra chili paneer, chana saag, chicken tikka masala, paneer tikka and raitha. All were really delicious. If you like your food spicy, ask for them to pump up the volume on the masala sauce, as it was very tasty but not spicy. Usually, we opt for nearby Brick Lane, but had such an amazing time at Malai Marke, we'll be back again.
I have no complaints with this place.  The food was great, and friendly staff that really appreciate your business.   They have some very spicy dishes if you're into that so come prepared.
This place blows the other 6th Ave Indian places out of the water.    Everything was delicious-even the usually-boring chicken tikka masal was creamy, a little tart and tender.  I'll definitely be back to try more from the menu!
A very nice Indian restaurant -- comfortable, clean, air-conditioned and excellent food.I was there recently with a group of 10 people for lunch.  The food and the service were very good.  Everyone was happy with what they got and the food was presented and served in a very nice way.This place is a step above most of the other 6th Street Indian restaurants.  I would recommend it -- especially for the very good value at lunch.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant! Lunch is absolutely the best deal in town for $9 complete meal with freshly made naan bread, an entree (many to choose from), basmati rice and two sides: lentils and cabbage. The flavors of each dish are so different from one another; very subtle flavors but distinctive. My favorite dish is coondapur kori chicken which I like more than the chicken xacuti (the description of this dish sounds better than it actually is). Lamb pasanda and rogan josh are both very good dishes.Dinner is quite expensive since everything is a la carte, nothing comes with the entrees so the tab adds up quickly. I suggest going for lunch and adding an item not found on the lunch menu if you wish to try other dishes. I highly recommend the okra which was so smoky and flavorful, probably singed with flames in the pan!I hope Malai Marke raises the bar for the rest of the tired, old curry houses along 6th Street. It's so refreshing to have some quality Indian food on Indian Row!
A must-go place to take your friends and share the gloriousness that is their food. Perfect for a date or a crowd. Reservations are helpful during high volume times.
The lamb was on point. The items recommended in the NY times article were spot on. Overall great place...fresh and tasty.
Great service, great ambiance and most importantly great food.We had the spicy paneer small plate, chana saag and chicken tikka masala with gulab janun for dessert. All was delicious and fresh, definitely a standout amongst the other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood
This place is the bomb-diggity.  They don't deliver to my area via Seamless, but they will deliver via their website app.  Hands down the best Indian delivery I have had.  The food has subtle flavors and it's made with delicious, fresh ingredients.  Light years ahead of anything I've ever had delivered.  Can't wait to try this place in person.
Food was delicious, naan was perfect, very clean and great atmosphere, not to mention a good beer selection. Next time I'm in New York I will make a point to come back.
This place is fantastic. While there may be better vegetarian options in Curry Hill, this is my favorite Indian spot otherwise, which is saying a lot given the great options in this city. Great flavor, big portions, reasonable prices. What more could you want?
Amazeballs. Wonderful, creative food at a great value.
I came here on a Friday night and didn't know that I should make reservation. My boyfriend was tired from working all day and being grumpy so he didn't want to wait. I was working all day, too, but I didn't complaint:D I was looking forward to trying out this restaurant after seeing all the amazing reviews about this place. We've eaten in the same Indian restaurant in this area, but I believe Malai Marke is fairly new to the neighborhood. There were people in groups waiting in the front as well as inside the restaurant. I got confused with the entrance because there's a thick wall dividing the restaurant which made it look like two different places. The door on the side where diners sit are locked so you have to enter the other side. I was bummed that they were not letting people sit in the entrance side because it's more of a bar style/ramen joint. There weren't much space there to wait, and as I made my way to the other side where the hostess, waiters, and counter are, I could see how crowded the restaurant is. Fortunately, the waitress seated us within five minutes because we were only party of two, and two diners just left. After we were seated in the two people table, the space is just tight and the table is quite small. We got water but no menus in the first five minutes or so, but I could tell how busy the staff were, and I didn't want to bother them. Then the manager/owner asked whether we have ordered, and realized we had no menus. We were then quickly given the menu as well as alcohol list. My boyfriend ordered the Flying Horse beer so we can share, and I really loved it! It's served cold, and tasted light/refreshing even though I love dark beer. I can totally see myself drinking this in the Summer! We ended up sharing two bottles because it took off some of the work stress from the day. For appetizer, I ordered the chili paneer. It was delicious. It's sweet yet had a hint of spicy kick to it. I love the texture of paneer is similar to extra firm tofu, and my boyfriend kept asking me if it's tofu though I told him repeatedly that it's cheese. Before we ordered the appetizer, the lovely waitress brought us three little dipping sauces along with some chips(?). I don't know what they were but they were thin and crispy. I loved all three sauces, well, the third one is just diced red onion. For entrees, my boyfriend got the Murgh Markhni malai marke which is a creamy tomato chicken dish. I got the five pepper sign (extra extra spicy) vegetables Khada Khana. Thank God to my boyfriend's dish that saved me from suffocating with the super spicy dish I ordered. Don't get me wrong, I can take lots heat when it comes to spicy food, but it was painful towards the end of my meal! I should have taken the waiter's advice and get the mango lassi (yogurt drink for cooling off the spiciness). Thanks again to the lovely waitresses, one of them gave me a glass of mango lassi in the end without charging us because she felt bad for me. My eyeballs were sweating, and my stomach started to hurt a little. Nothing wrong with the food, but I knew for sure the spicy stuff was creeping up to haunt me for the rest of the night. I highly recommend the five pepper dish if you want that extreme spicy kick. Otherwise stick to two or three pepper signs because those pack enough heat and you can still taste all the other wonderful flavors. I personally have experienced the most spicy dish of the restaurant, and I'm satisfied. Next time, I will definitely try their other milder dishes because I really liked my boyfriend's dish. The sauce was creamy, rich, and not too spicy. It was perfect for dipping the garlic and chili naan. The naans were so soft! The garlic one was really tasty, and the chili naan was equally great. We were so stuffed by the end of our meal, and the restaurant was cozy and dim lighted. I was so glad that I got all warmed up from being in there since it's cold and windy out. That mango lassi the waitress offered me was rich but not heavy. It soothed my burning tummy and the subtle sweetness added a light and healthy dessert to our meal. I enjoyed the service as the staff were all tentative and friendly. The price was decent and the food were full of flavors. I can't wait to bring my friends over, and hope they will enjoy the food as much as we did:)
this place is wonderful! i will definitely come back!Garlic Naan - Some of the best I've hadChicken Tikka Masala - Delicious (however may be too spicy for some)Aloo Saag (potato & spinach) Delicious!
Horrible service.. Rude old man with glasses who seats you.. Very unprofessional .. Food took forever.. Dont think I'll be coming back
Well honestly a completely let down from the ratings on yelp.Ordered Kadhai paneer which had broccoli and potatoes which I don't think makes sense ! Breads and Naans were good but again they aren't complimentary with curries. Overpriced and service was rude ! They waiter was doing stunt by pouring water from 2 ft away ! Request for empty tomato ketchup refil met with glaring eyes and flared nostrils. Bottom line - Please try something else on the same road. 1 star for the breads, 1 star for non vegetarian chicken was decent .
Delicious food and warm services! My friend and I love their malai kofta (nuts veggie ball in sweet creamy sauce) and Malai Merke Paneer. I also came here with my friend for my birthday and the waiter brought us a small dessert!
First of all, this place is WAY overpriced.  Our chicken Makhani that we get at other places for $13 was $17 and it was a tiny portion. The server then asked if we wanted rice and we said yes only to find out when the check came that rice is $3 extra for a tiny portion of rice. We left this place having paid $25 each and having to get dollar pizza to get full. Other than price, every other table was given papadum and sauces for free, except our table. Literally the three other tables in the restaurant were given papadum.
Dining solo is always a little awkward/lonely. On my first night back in the city, I stopped in by myself for a quick snack before heading home. The service not only made me feel very welcomed, but also less conscious at the fact that I was eating alone. The staffs were beyond attentive and friendly - what a nice welcome back to the city!  I was given a huge basket of their complimentary house made chips with sweet chutney immediately after placing my order. It was the perfect appetizing start - the chips were crunchy, nutty, and beyond delicious! One big basket all for myself - what a treat!I wish I can say the same about the chicken lollipops I ordered. I understand that the chicken lollipops are made from the leftover small drumsticks after they carve off the meat - but the ones I received were literally bones. The sauces it came in lacked flavors - I see lots of onion, greens, chili peppers, and garlic in the mix - but none of their flavor profile was distinguishable. It was an oily, tasteless glob.Overall - perhaps I didn't order the right item but with its wonderful service, I am willing to return to give it another try.
Excellent food. Below average service. The waiter was curt and acted as if he was doing us a favor. I would have tipped ten percent were it not for the automatic 18% charge for a group of five.
A party of three, we had a lovely meal here. The flavors are interesting and the food is very well prepared. The ambiance and the decor is gorgeous and our service was friendly and on the mark.Yet part of me says I won't be back.Here's why. There are lots of ways to run a successful restaurant and cater to your guests. For starters, charging for rice? There's a new one me. I've eaten Indian a lot of places around the globe. When the waiter said, "would you like rice," I was like... did he really ask that just now? Don't recall being charged $3.00 for a small container of white rice. How about price things accordingly and provide rice with is a basic staple of this cuisine. And $20 for my red fish curry... it was good, but the fish was pedestrian and I'm betting it came frozen in a box. Doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it. So $10 for a large beer. OK, I get it. The naan at $4.75 was OK but nothing to write home about.Lots of Indian choices in this neighborhood, and I've dined at a few of them. Thinking I should have followed the lead of some of my Yelp pals on this one. There's something odd going on here. The talent is clearly in the kitchen, not in the management. Whoever thought they were going to be wise charging for things like rice is seriously kidding themselves.
I had an excellent meal at Malai Marke with three friends. The food was excellent and not the greasy food that I so often associate with Indian food on E. 6th St. The place was clean and the second room was quiet enough for us to have a real conversation. I think our favorite dish was a lamb with coconut dish, and the Tandoori mixed grill was also quite good and generous. My only complaint is that we reserved the table two days in advance and they seemed to have no record of it.  Then, not long after they cleared the table (after eating a large meal) we were asked to leave to make room for those who were waiting. We thought it was odd, but immediately got up to free up the table. But as we exited, NOBODY was waiting! It was pretty darn tacky and, to a certain extent, left a bad taste.
Not a huge fan of Indian food and their spices, but this place was pretty good. Decor was modern and welcoming. I went with my boyfriend--who loves Indian food.The garlic naan was so delicious! Lollipop chicken was a bit too sweet/salty to me. Chicken vindaloo was pretty good. Very spicy and has nice acidity. The murgh korma chicken kind of tasted like butter scotch.. so if you're into that kind of thing, that dish is definitely for you.
This place was surprisingly low key when we went. We loved it - excellent as stated in other reviews. One of the things we enjoyed the most was the ability to choose which rice came with our meals. Also, the curry was thick and hearty - just what you hope for in authentic Indian cuisine. Just don't go to that place with all of the flashing lights and stuff. Really, the novelty isn't worth it. Come here instead.
I am not usually an Indian food kind of person, but this place was delicious. The service was okay, I think there was a bit of a language barrier, but they weren't rude or anything. I would definitely come back here again. The space was a little small and the bathroom was so dark I could barely see anything [put some lights up in there, guys]. But other than that, I liked it a lot! Originally I wanted to go to the Indian place with the flashing lights, but I read some terrible reviews about the service and didn't want to be subjected to it. Found this place on OpenTable and don't regret the decision to come here instead. I'll be back!
We looked up the menu online, and were mighty impressed by witnessing "authentic" dishes from various corners of India...But we were so wrong....Forget authenticity, with uncooked spices, most of the dishes were barely edible in this overpriced restaurant. There is no dearth of Indian restaurants in the city. So do yourself a favor, and stay away from this one!
Great food and great service.  Our table was right next to the kitchen therefore was a bit hot.  The trade off was. We got to see how they cooked.  The kitchen was very clean.  Our waiter was very helpful packing all the leftovers that we had.  Totally recommend this place.
Good food and service. We order 4 dishes, from vegan to lamb, everything was delicious. Will definitely come back for more!
Babu Ji had a 1.5-2 hr wait. I was craving Indian food all day and had to have it for dinner. I pulled out my phone to search for another option and Malai Marke was close by. I'm glad I went.My friend and I ordered the lamb rogan rosh, malai marke paneer, and coconut rice to share. The rogan josh was delicious and had great flavor. We asked for slightly spicy and it turned out mild, but I'm ok with that. I don't usually order paneer, but this dish was a pleasant surprise. It was in a delicious, creamy tomato sauce. The rice was so good. I wish I could eat rice like this for every meal. The prices are slightly high but the quality and taste was excellent. I will keep this restaurant in mind, the next time I'm craving Indian food.
Food was very good! Service was not so good - the waiter seemed disappointed that we weren't drinking nor ordering more food.  The food was additionally priced on the high side and they charged for items that other restaurants of similar quality do not, such as rice and onions.
I came here for my first time last night for my friends birthday party. I had only had Indian food once before so this was still a new experience for me. We had 8pm reservations but our table was not completely ready as they were still waiting for guests to leave. Probably a half an hour later they managed to get the seating ready for the full party. We were a group of 8 so it's understandable it's tough to seat that many in a tiny NYC spot. The chips on the table were excellent, so light and felt like eating air haha! I ordered off the vegetarian menu since I wanted to play it safe. I got the Malai Marke Paneer which is basically cheese in a tomato sauce.  It was alright. I am sure for most it would be delicious but the spices in the dish were far to overpowering for me. I wanted something light but I could barely taste the cheese in the dish since my mouth was too overwhelmed from spice.  I will say I do not like anything spicy but I can eat a little spice here and there but this wasn't very flavorful for me. My friends boyfriend did bring a cake to celebrate which was nice the restaurant allowed it. However, they did give up paper plates for the cake which I thought was a little strange. All in all the service was good and the food wasn't too bad.
Wow ok so this was unexpectedly amazing and I will most definitely be back. I had the lamb saag with roti. They give you this crispy cracker (ha I feel so ignorant not knowing what it is) that is so addicting and even better with your curry once it comes out. Also got the roti to have with my curry .. This was all a little too much to have in one sitting--I got full a little over halfway through--but I honestly just ended up eating everything because it was so good. It was relatively empty when I arrived (I came at an odd time--5:30pm, I believe), but the three tables that were taken seemed to be of regulars. I overheard a table discussing what they had last time as they were choosing from the menu ... That will be me next time.
Very cute restaurant and good food. It is on the spicy side (I know it s an indian place! But some are more than others) we tried 2 lamb dishes and both were great. Good portions as well. Service was polite but could have been warmer.
Got take-out from here.  It was ready quickly, and very tasty.Rogan Josh was delicious, as was Chicken Tikka Masala.  The long grain basmati rice was good.The tandoori shrimp was a disappointment, and I think they could have been more generous with the bread (which, in any case, didn't handle the trip home too well).  But overall, a pretty good experience, though probably more a 3.5 than a 4 star.
Great Indian food if comparing it to NYC and US spots. Definitely more tuned to the US palettes with very little spiciness and more sweeter notes than I've had in other parts of the world. I had the Murgh Makhni Malai Marke and my SO had the Chicken Tikka Masala. Both solid dishes but the Murgh Makhni Malai Marke was marked as spicy but it had absolutely no heat whatsoever--the staff was nice enough to bring me some spicy paste to get it to my liking. Portions are solid and if I wasn't so hungry, I could have taken home lunch for the next day between the leftovers of the two entrees. Will be back again! 4-4.5 stars
I live outside of the USA, so whenever I get back, Indian cuisine is always on my list.  This time, many that I knew were either closed or not as good as before.  So I decided to try this place, and I was pleasantly surprised.  It's a small, clean,cute restaurant on East 6th Street.  Thy have a small wine & beer selection, but it works for the place.  I had the lamb Madras, which they said was spicy, but was not, so if you want your food hot, make sure to ask.  I think I will be eating here again.
We have ordered from here and eaten in more times than I can count, and with the exception of the last two times we have had a fantastic experience. The food is amazing, and the service is great! However, the past two times we have ordered from here, the food has been really different and nowhere near as good as usual. Hopefully this will not be a permanent thing, because I want to be able to add a 5th star to this review!UPDATE: After a fantastic exchange of emails with the owner (excellent customer service), and ordering from here again with great results, I am very happy to add the 5th star!
Not much to say but a delicious meal and I will be back.  Every dish was excellent.  Nice service, cozy atmosphere.  Go.  You'll love it!!
Amazing amazing Indian food, we could not stop eating. The buttons on our pants popped off and we still had no regrets, this food is damn good. Might I suggest the classic chicken tikka masala, the bindi sasuralwali (okra), garlic naan, plain naan, all other naan and the coconut rice. And for future reference, when coconut rice is an option, no matter where you are, order it.Cute little restaurant, trendy, dim lighting, good crowd, average noisiness, you can go casual or a little dressy, fun for friends or a great date spot, best to do family style.
I was wary of coming here because I typically do not like Indian food so much, but this place really made me appreciate Indian food. We ordered Lamb Pasanda and Chicken Tikka Masala, and it was delicious! The Lamb Pasanda was better than the chicken, though. The creamy sauce was so good! The portions appeared small when they brought it in a little metal pot, but it's a lot more than it looks and is good for sharing! We also ordered their naan, which I thought was delicious as well after eating several bites of it. It was great for dipping into the sauces. Unlimited rice is also a plus.The first waiter we had wasn't too good, though. We asked for recommendations and he was just curtly like... "Anything! Just pick something!" Which is kind of my pet peeve when I ask for recommendations. I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want you to pinpoint anything! Though, we did go with the "anything", and we were pleased so... whatever. All the other waiters we had were so sweet they made me melt.I definitely recommend this restaurant. The food isn't to die for or anything, but it is VERY good. I was very pleased and am now turned on to Indian food more than ever before!
I LOVE Indian food, and this place reaffirmed exactly why. I came here recently for an early dinner and made a reservation on Open Table, although I definitely didn't need to (the place was nearly empty when I arrived). We were served complimentary papadum with standard 3 chutneys upon being seated. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Madras Lamb, regular rice, chili and onion naan, and raita. Service-wise, the food came out pretty quickly, and our server was very attentive to refilling out water glasses. The server was also helpful in explaining the different levels of spices (we got "2", which ended up being decently spicy). Food-wise, I'd say this is the best Indian food I've had in a long time. The flavors are spot-on - complex, with high-quality ingredients, not some generic soupy dish like you'll find at other places. I particularly liked the naan, which was covered in green onions (my favorite) and was light and airy with a little bit of crunch. The raita was the only non-stand-out dish, but it did the job and went well with the other dishes.The price was also decent (about $25 per person). If I lived in NYC I'd probably come here once a week.
5 stars for the food, not so much for the service, but even bad service doesn't hurt what star I'll rank. Had my birthday dinner here (really fun with a large group to order lots of menu items to sample)- the appetizers were unique and the entrees were pretty typical. Will be back to re-order the okra, the coconut rice, and creamy shrimp.
My first experience eating their chicken vindaloo and it was mind blowing plus amazing naan, tasty treat to your taste buds what more can i say !!
The place is attractive, more contemporary and hipper than other Indian restaurants, especially on this street, and it has a large selection, so we were optimistic. But the food - we had chicken tikka, cauliflower and rogan josh -- was tepid and seemed like an American version of Indian food.
Let me start off by saying I have been to almost all of this restauranteur's other places in NYC--Bhojan, Dhaba, Singapura, Chote Nawab---in fact I frequent one of these restaurants with my boyfriend at least once every week. I was delighted to discover Malai Marke in East Village and it did not disappoint. The decor is whimsical (not cheesy like some Indian restaurants) and the flavors are always on point. We got the Okra (fried), a battered onion dish and Butter Chicken (murgh makhni) which is the most delicious, savory and filling dish! I had that with Puri and white rice. The Kulfi (icecream) was soooo yummy. It was very rich and creamy and a nice milk flavor. Next time I hope to go with more people so I can try more dishes. Keep in mind, the space is a little tight, but not a reason to deter you from going!
Slow service on a Saturday night. The dining room is half full. Root cause is that takeout orders seem to take priority over dining customers. Although the food is good, there is no excuse for waiting 45 minutes for a simple Chicken Tikka Masala order in a half full restaurant.
We got the Groupon for two and had a wonderful dinner here tonight. Great food and good service! Some of the best Indian you can find on sixth street.
One of the best Indian food spots in the city, hands down.  There is something for everyone.  Meat eater?  Yes.  Vegetarian?  Heck yes.  Spicy food aficionado?  Um, absolutely.  One of the dishes we tried was flagged as the spiciest curry on the menu.  Why not?  I'll tell you why not:  Unless you are a well oiled spicy food eater with damaged nerve endings on your tongue, you will be ON FIRE after even sniffing this dish.  I suspect the server thought it was comical how we ordered it as spicy as it could come, then 1 minute after it arrived, we were in a panic, waiving the nearest water refiller to come to our rescue.  So the food really delivers, and is by no means watered down to "American spicy" levels.  I should mention that there are plenty of tasty non-spicy dishes here as well.  Eat those before you char your tongue on the spicy stuff.  :)
AMAZING! get the grilled meat platter (forget the proper name) it's so good and perfect to share
Exotic decoration, quiet ambience and great food. My boyfriend and I came to this place twice for their lunch special, which is a great deal with cheap price and good portion. Their curry and naan are very delicious. I would also recommend people to order their mango lassi, which is basically mango yogurt with very thick texture. Will definitely come back for this place if I crave for Indian food.
Love Malai Marke - cute and comfortable atmosphere, delicious and well-spiced food. Everything is high quality. My favorite is the Chicken Xacuti.  I'm no longer in the city and dream of this dish!  Also, the staff is extremely professional and very kind. I left my credit card there and went back the next day to retrieve it. The gentleman who held it for me waved off my tip - clearly their service and care for customers is a matter of great pride.  Exceptionally high quality establishment, food and staff!
I had my birthday dinner here this past weekend. I have to say the food was phenomenal. Being that there were 7 of us we just ordered a bit of everything and it was ALL GOOD! I wasn't a fan of the desserts, but I'm not a dessert person. The service was a bit scattered but they got the job done. My only complaint is we were rushed. Rushed to order and rushed to leave so they could turn over the table. I wanted to give three and a half stars, but the food really was good.
I ordered malai kofta. It was inedible. Worst malai kofta I have ever had. I could not and did eat it. The waiter asked me what was wrong with the dish, I said it was inedible and smelled like the cheese was spoiled and I couldn't eat it. He said "sorry" and then they charged me the full $14 for it. Disgusting. Also, they charge you $3 for a side of basic white rice, whereas most Indian restaurants just include a side of white rice with your entree. The rice wasn't even seasoned and it was undercooked. I will never go back to this restaurant. I ended up paying $22 to eat undercooked white rice and an order of naan.
Went for lunch.  Fresh,  tasty, and great service.  The staff is friendly and patient.  A keeper. .  Highly recommended
I really loved the food here.  Different and better than any other Indian food I have eaten in NYC.
Came here without a reservation or knowing much about it - was very impressed!  Split samosas, naan, chicken tikka masala & baingan bartha.  The masala was incredibly creamy, almost like tomato soup.  Both dishes were delicious and perfectly spiced, although you can tell they use a TON of butter in their cooking.
i went here on a wednesday night around 8:30pm. my SO and i were seated promptly and the staff was very friendly. we ordered the garlic naan, the bindi sasuralwali (okra) and the baigan bharta (eggplant), all three were delicious. we left very full and very happy. i also really loved the decor, nice exposed brick walls and copper pots hanging everywhere - it was very warm. based on the size of the restaurant, i think it would be a nice place to have dinner with a big group, i'm sure with a reservation they could accommodate 15+ people.
My husband and I came to this restaurant when it had just newly opened. The host greeted us graciously and was attentive to our every needs throughout the entire dining experience. He even introduced us to the owner, who sat down and chatted with us about his restaurant enterprise, very cool and humble guy. We have been looking for an Indian restaurant in the city that hits the marks on taste, and Malai Marke certainly does that, and we have probably eaten in every Curry Row restaurant out there in the city. Usually our marker for a good Indian restaurant is in their sauces and chutnies; and the Tamarind chutney at MM did not dissapoint. We have had the Ragarraa Patties (very good portion for two) ; the Jhinga Luchi is to die for!! The saude the shrimps are bathing in is soo delectable, we kept the sauce to devour with the rest of our meal. Their Lamb curries are all good; and the garlic naan comes a plenty. Anyway, overall, this is our go to Indian restaurant, and the high marks are for: good hosting; cleanliness; good food; and overall good portions!!! Things which every restaurant out there should strive to do.
We got Ragara patties, chicken rizzala,  Lamb bhuna mirchwala, and several orders of naan. The lamb was a recommendation by our server and we loved it, but everything was delicious. The restaurant was very quiet and almost empty on a Sunday at 6. A big plus - they have a great beer list! Only downside - it was a bit more expensive than I expected from a 6th street Indian restaurant, but the quality was worth it!
I agreed with my dining companion when said this was possibly the best Indian food he's ever had. Small hole-in-the-wall restaurant with friendly service and welcoming decor. I was disappointed when I didn't see Lamb Korma as an option, however the waiter took the time to introduce a similar dish called Lamb Pasanda which I enjoyed just as much as Korma - if not more! Other things we tried and loved: mango lassi, warm fresh naan, chicken tikka masala and samosas.Great food, great experience, great price - can't wait to go back!
Ambience-  Very modern design.  Definitely not your traditional Indian design as most typical restaurants in New York with heavy draping and very dim lights. Bathroom was very clean and modernly designed as well ( what can I say a nice clean bathroom says a lot about a restaurant for me:-D )Staff/ Service- I made reseravtions for 7:15 and was promptly seated when we arrived. Part of our group was a bit late, but the staff / waiters were very patient and gracious with us in terms of not rushing us to order while we waited for our party. Dinner arrived in a timely fashion, and our water glasses refilled consistently. The waiter was very pleasant and helpful with suggestions and had the chef modify spice levels perfectly on  the dishes ordered. Did not feel rushed in or rushed out like some restaurants on a Friday night. Food- I started with the chai tea. It was good but not the best I've had but still good enough.  The lacha paratha was decent but I wish it was a bit more soft. The lamb madras was very tasty and flavorful. The coconut rice is also very tasty and a great compliment to any of the curry dishes. Everyone from my dinner party enjoyed their meal which included chicken tikka masala, naan etc.Will definitely go back and recommend for anyone looking for a moderately priced Indian restaurant with tasty food, good service, clean atmosphere, and pleasant staff.
Me and my girlfriend were there the other night and everything was terrific. She is a vegan and usually find it not easy to eat outside but this time everything was just perfect (and there is a great vegan ice cream a couple of blocks from there). I had the mix grill and it was also great. Wine was good and reasonably priced too. Great place.
Food was good, but service needs lots of work. Barely checked on us in the back room even though we were the only active table. No suggestions from the waiter ("it's all good.") Couldn't handle more than 3 credit cards (there were 5 of us)
I am skeptical about the Indian restaurants on 6th street, but the menu of Malai Marke sounded promising, and it did not disappoint! We went on a Saturday evening. It was packed, but the staff managed to be responsive and attentive throughout. Aunt Sarla's fish curry and chicken xacatu were divine. Limited wine list, but good choices and very reasonably priced. Strongly recommend, and will go back!
The service was pretty good. We had no reservation, ok, it was a Monday night, but seated immediately.We strongly recommend the fried okra and chili chicken. The lamb entree was super. But the chicken curry with pepper corns was too subtle (bland).High noise level.
Great (spicy!) Indian spot. Very clean and really cool, homey environment. Went on a Friday night and got in without a reservation or a wait. Vegan options as well!
I am sooo sick today after I ate here last night. Had to visit the bathroom 4 times already and it is still afternoon. Never going here again. Yuck.
The best mango lass I ever tasted.!! (I ended up ordering 2).  Food was great! The garlic naan was delicious. Nice place to come with friends or even on a date. Staff was beyond welcoming and attentive, Will definitely go back again.
They had guts to open on East 6th Street when all the ordinary places are closing, but what a great addition.  Immediately the best on the block.  Delicious regional dishes and attentive service.  The Fish Moilee is outstanding.  Great lunch special.
Nice space; Friendly staff.  Chicken Masala is great.
I went here with some friends a few weeks ago and the food was just ok, so i figured i would give it one more chance. I ordered from here last night through seamless, and the delivery time said 30-45 mins. The order wound up taking 1hr 15 mins! the first time i called the man said the order was on the way, the second time i called 20 mins later, he said the same thing. i called him out on that and he called the delivery guy while i was on the phone. about 5 mins later he finally showed up to the apt. he apologized for the lateness saying the kitchen lost my order. i don't know who the screw up was from, but either way it was annoying. And, i will not be ordering from them again. with so many other restaurants in the area, and the food begin average, i will not order from them again.
The food was absolutely delicious (hence the 3 stars).  And I'm not usually one to quibble about service, but at 10pm on a Sunday night the tables around us were suddenly being noisily stacked and sprayed clean.  From this point on, all I could taste was chemical cleaner!
Delicious across the board. Little cramped, New York-style, but worth a visit. Also surprisingly cheap: with dinner, appetizer, glass of (decent) Malbec, and tip, came out to $34. Definitely not New York prices.
Alex and I loved this place. Very modern decor--super quick service and amazing food. one of our favorite indian places on curry lane. had the tikka masala and the korma. both were phenom--very moderately priced as well! No problem holding our reservation either. We would definitely return!
My boyfriend and I were very disappointed by our dinner last night at Malai Marke.  My Chicken Saag was incredibly salty and so was his Chicken Korma!  Additionally, the chicken was all dark meat and seemingly not the highest quality.  Despite not finishing our food, we both have awful indigestion this morning.  Papadum and dips were good. Beverages were okay.  Service was maybe too fast - they seemed to really want to turn over our table.  We will not return.
We went there when we got a groupon. We were a party of four and our groupon included 3 course meal for each person. The size of the appetizers was good, not too much and not too less but 2 out of 4 appetizers were cold. Some Pakoda and Ragda Patties, third one was Dahi puri which was not supposed to be hot anyway so that's ok. When we complained they replaced the appetizers but not sure if that step-child treatment because of groupon or they genuinely forgot to put the pre-cooked food in microwave before getting it. :)
One of the best indian restaurants I've been to (and there are some good ones in the Bay Area). Everything was superbly flavored.
This is a pretty good indian food in the east village. Came here on a super heavy monsoon rainy night. We sat down and they brought out this amazing super crispy and thin cracker with three (i think) diff sauces, all were so yummy we pretty much finished them all. We got the smoked cauliflower, i think the cauliflower was deep fried... not so into it... but we also got the chili chicken, that was good. For entrees, we got a fish one, i think it's with tomato base but it was sooo delicious, and also the spicy goat. Need to come back here and get the paneer and also chicken. We had a side of coconut rice, that was something as well. Really good!
The best Indian food for the price in NYC. Great choices, staff and really comfortable environment.
must say i am a fan of this quaint little restaurant. i took my cousins to the city to eat indian food and after looking at damn near every menu on 2nd ave and cross referencing them all with yelp decided on this one. for an appetizer we got the cheese paneer naan which was a good palate opener came with a seasoned yogurt mixture dip. for the main course we ordered chicken tikka masala, lamb madras, madurai melagu curry, vegetable paneer biryani, and naan bread. our food came with rice crakers served with the three dips every indian place serves and regular white basmati rice. the chicken tikka was delightfully sweet savory and didn't disappointing on the spice front. the vegetable paneer biryani was damn near perfect if it wasn't for a raw carrot that ruined one of my bites. lamb madras was a heavenly medley of delicious spices which dance around and tantalize your palate forcing it to desire one bite after the next. finally the madurai melagu curry had an amazing flavor but was a bit disappointing to me, as someone who loves spice i ordered the spiciest thing on the menu so that i would enjoy the blast of heat singeing my taste buds, the waiter even warned me before placing my order that it was very spicy AND THEN that it was the spiciest thing on the menu. after ordering i was afraid my cousins wouldn't be able to handle it if it really was that spicy, but allas it came and was spicy but i wouldn't give it a higher scoville rating then a run of the mill curry. i have eaten vindalloo which was spicier that that. the dissapointment in the lack of authentic spice level is something i just couldn't get over. That being said the dish was still delicious, the flavors blended into a cohesive and distinct type of curry that is its own. If the only factor were food i'd give this place a 3 star review, but the staff was nice and accommodating, although some pressure had to be placed in the beginning. two of the 3 curry dishes we ordered were supposed to be lunch specials. lunch on sunday (as stated on their menu) is from 12-4pm. we arrived at 3:30 and were ready to order by 3:47 (i know because i looked at my phone after the waiter told me the following). when we tried to place an order for lunch special the waiter told us that we couldn't order because its over but after we politely argued our case he agreed to put in the order. he came back and explained that the manager imposed a rule that is not on the menu which is that all lunch special orders have to be placed by 3:45 which makes no sense to me but i let it slide since i understood its the waiters ass on the line and he was still nice enough to give it to us in spite of his manager breathing down his neck. he also gave us the rice chips with the sauces (instead of just sauces) which is reserved for dinner guests. and finally one of my cousins ordered a yogurt drink and didn't like it so we were able to trade it out with no issue (which was honestly a pleasant. surprise for me since it usually is in this type of place) as a whole the staff and waiters were upbeat polite helpful and accomidating which is the main reason i'd return.
My favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan. Far and away the best in east village. Super authentic, not too oily, spiced just right. Favorites include: bindi sasuralwali, chicken chettinad, lal maas.
Amazingly good food.  Great atmosphere.  The service was adequate, but not stellar and the per soft drink charge is kind of ridiculous in my opinion, but outside of that, the food more than makes up for it.  Delicious, no doubt...
delicious Indian food, good price, nice clean ethno-industrial setting, very nice people. get  lamb madras  and chana masala. you will thank me. you're welcome!
Live right next door, so I've been here four-five times. The best thing about Malai Marke is their bread - it's nothing short of amazing. Reasonable pricing. The entrees, curries, come in all sorts of flavors - some merely okay, others great. Most of the time the service is good, but the latest visit on a busy Friday night was poor: we waited forever for the food, I got the wrong entree, the waiters were difficult to understand - and it was noisy. The last part is to be expected in Manhattan, the other parts not so much!
My family is Sri Lankan and the South Indian flavors in some of the dishes reminded me of home, while maintaining a classy but casual ambiance.  Also impressed by the variety of flavors in each of the dishes -- no two tasted the same.  Would definitely go back.
Great food and service. We decided to try the restaurant based on positive Yelp reviews and were glad we did. The chicken tikka went well with the spinach and chickpea saag which had just the right amount spice. This will be our Indian "go to" place.
This place is great. I think this is the only restaurant in NYC serving the most talked about and famous Rajashthani dish "Laal Maas". Prepared using lamb meat and falls under spicy to medium hot category. The dish was perfect in taste and aroma. Their table service is good.
Oh yeah!! I just finished scarfing my shrimp vindaloo and I am one happy camper. I had my food delivered so I cannot speak to the atmosphere of the restaurant but I can tell you my dinner had the perfect amount of heat. Spicy but not so hot I couldn't tase anything after the first bite ( I am looking at you, Brick Lane ). The garlic naan was tasty and about the size of a hubcap. This was nice, hearty Indian food. Nothing elegant but perfect for a lazy Sunday curry. I have been looking  for comfort Indian food for some time now and it looks like I have finally found it.
I really like Indian food so I saw the good reviews and wanted to try this place with my parents. First of all it has two entrances and it doesn't have many tables so to be at the safe side make a reservation. They have a lot of choices. We ordered two apatizers one was kukuri bindi, fried okra which was very delicious served with a little bit of red onion. It was perfectly fried so was not soft was not greasy and was not too much or less. The second apatizer was ragara patties, potato purée with chick peas it was also something tasty. As a main we ordered plain rice, garlic naan, chennai goat curry and malai kofta. for the latter one the sauce was delicious the kofta had nuts in it which gave it a nice chunky bite the sauce was really creamy and nothing like I tasted in other places if you like nuts you will like it a lot! 3 people, we couldn't finish both the goat and the sauce of the kofta. The staff was very nice and the kitchen is visible so you can say hi to the chefs as well. I would be more pleased though if the lights were not that dim. Overall it was a good experience and we were all satisfied
I have been there twice now and found the food to be excellent both times. Still only four stars from me because I ended up comparing with Dhaba and it just falls short by a bit. The service especially seems a little confused about what they are supposed to be doing. The appetizers are a teensy bit two small. For instance we ordered the malai kabab and got three tiny pieces. Could have atleast been four or three normal sized ones. Even Tamarind TriBeCa serves bigger portions than this. Some of the entrees seem a tad overpriced considering everything. Still the stuff tastes great.
As the name suggests, food is super buttery and heavy. We ordered goat curry and butter chicken- I like my meat really soft and well cooked- This one was chewy and not cooked all the way through. Butter chicken was soft, and the gravy was decent.. but just very very heavy with all the butter!
I haven't tried the others on the block, but this place served tasty food and had a nice decorum. We had Lamb Vindaloo (very spicy), two other lamb dishes and the obligatory Chicken Tikka Masala - all were very good, as was the garlic naan. The service was prompt and courteous. They also served complimentary thin chips with three types of dipping sauce prior to the meal.
Great place, friendly staff, food is delicious! Run, don't walk.
I'd been looking forward to eating here during a trip to New York last week, but we were disappointed. We did takeout, and everything about that went fine--they made the food to order, but efficiently, and offered us papadam while we waited. The service was attentive, but the food was bland. How can an Indian restaurant serve bland food? A spicy coconut-chicken curry was slightly hot but with little flavor; ditto the chicken vindaloo and a vegetable curry. All three were uncommonly greasy too, which you wouldn't expect from a higher-end restaurant like this. And for what it was, the food was pretty expensive. Malai Marke is nothing special; I'd go elsewhere.
Went for the groupon deal and had a fantastic experience. Seated promptly, excellent service, and one of the best Indian meals we've had in the city. The chili chicken from the small plates was incredible. We also had shrimp lunchi (small plate), shrimp caldeen and lamb pasanda, all were bursting with flavor and well cooked. We will be back again!
Wow, just awesome....everything we ordered was just incredible!  Awesome north Indian food!!!!
We went there for lunch on Tuesday. The place was very clean, the food great, and the staff friendly. I would go there again. Great specials. Just don't bother with the homemade pistacio ice cream. It was nothing special and was a  very small portion.
Went here with a Groupon but will definitely be going back. They are a new place and the quality of the atmosphere and food is way better than the surrounding Indian restaurants. Great service, excellent food - highly recommended and a great addition to the neighborhood
food was good, service was meh, beware of hair :/
A friend suggested this place for dinner last night and I realized I had already randomly stumbled upon it months before with another friend. I was glad though, because I really enjoyed my meal the first time, and enjoyed it last night too. We shared the jhinga luchi to start - which didn't have a strong flavor and was somewhat on the bland side, but we did find it tasty enough to want to keep eating it. It only had three shrimp and two pieces of luchi bread with a pretty large amount of sauce so we asked for extra bread since we practically had a full bowl of sauce left. They did charge us extra and didn't mention it, but we weren't surprised. As for entrees, I ordered the baigan bharta and my friend ordered the chicken tikka masala, which is her Indian food staple. I really enjoyed my dish - I love eggplant, and especially liked this with the herbs used. We also shared the rice with peas (which, like others mentioned, is extra) and the garlic naan. The naan was a little too burnt on one side for me, but I did like the garlic flavor. Overall, like a few other reviewers mentioned, it is pricier than other places but it is a solid place to go for Indian. I would definitely come back.
The food was So fresh and full of flavor. I was so Impressed!! I stopped by for there lunch special. I orderd a vegitarien dish called ALOO BAIGAN for only $7 I got a pint size containter of amazing curried potoatoes with eggplant cooked with Ginger. All the lunch specails come with YUMMY SIDE DISHES...The main dish came with Dal ( lentils I think), Punjabi Cabbage (yellow in color), Rice and a big circular shaped bread. Everything was very nicely packaged in to-go containers and put into a nice brown bag (like bloomingdales has!) and then into a plastic bag. Carrying the food out of the restraunt I was supprised how heavy the bag was and I was thinking..." wow this is a lot of food for $7!!) I really reccomend the lunch specails.  the Veg. dishes are $7, Chicken dishes $8 Lamb $8 Seafood $9/$11. I will for sure be back to also dine in.   They carry Coke in glass bottles my Favorite way to drink coca-colaaa. LIfe is good with YUmmy Restraunts :)
Not really sure how to rate our experience. It was the tale of extremes I guess. Had a reservation for a Sat at 845. Waited a bit and when we were finally seated, it was at this quasi sushi bar style bench right next to the hostess area. You'll be lucky if you can turn around and talk to your friends. Taking a reservation and ending up at this part of the restaurant is not what we, or anyone else, should expect or want. Very uncomfortable and when you're seated in a horizontal row, it makes it almost impossible to converse. The hostess was very uncaring about the whole ordeal actually but we were cool and went with it. The second problem was it took over an hour to get our food and it came down to us having to ask for another round of bread to keep us upright. We polished off almost two bottles of wine (4 of us) before entrees arrived. I guess we weren't the only ones b/c since we were seated next to the front door, we were exposed to quite a few other customers complaining about this and that (Another nice bonus from our VIP seats.) So yeah, service sucked. You would think some sort of drink gesture or appetizer would be offered, but there wasn't even a hint of compassion. Oh well. The good news was when the food did arrive, it was excellent. I guess if we ever go again it'll be seamless.com.
I ordered the lamb saag and my girlfriend had the coconut chicken. I loved both dishes, especially my lamb saag which the spinach came out very creamy and so delicious! I love Indian food! Also the garlic naan is so fluffy.
My go-to indian spot! I love this place! The malai kofta and chicken tikka is on point here. I also recently tried veggie manchurian off their asian-fusion part on their menu and it was delicious.It kinda sucks that you have to order the rice from here separately though. The staff here is really friendly and accomodating. The ambience is lively. Definitely coming back.
Came here after weeks of craving indian food. I split the chicken tiki masala and Malai Marke Paneer with a friend. We also ordered a side of plain rice and garlic naan. The chicken was pretty dry, so I wasn't a huge fan of that dish. The paneer was delicious, although I felt the flavors were a little dull and could use some more kick. It was more than enough food for 2, and kinda regretted getting 2 dishes.Service was good and attentive. Some downsides were, the dining room is pretty crowded, so getting to the bathroom is a journey in itself, and the rice costs extra.
I've lived on this block for over 20 years, and this block has always been well known for it's Indian restaurants. Malai Marke is hands down, the best Indian restaurant to ever open up on this block. The food tastes so freshly made, no soggy veggies or frozen ingredients. Flavor is full bodied, rich food without being too greasy. They really do serve exquisite dishes and they have some of the traditional mainstays as well as some more unique Indian food dishes for those who are looking for something a little different. I love this place!
Really delicious Indian food- we came here on a weekend afternoon and they had a 12.00 lunch special- Was served with lentils and cabbage and their fragrant fluffy rice.I had the chicken curry with coconut and my friend had the lamb with spinach dish and they were both very delicious but the chicken curry was clearly the winner!!
The food was actually pretty good. The service and experience as a whole, however, was a disaster. Firstly, I booked through open table and had a gift certificate specifically for Malai Market (also purchased through open table). When our group arrived, they seemed both confused about our reservation and looked as if they had never seen a gift certificate for their own restaurant before. The restaurant closes as 11, and yet they gave us dirty looks for having a 930 reservation. They tried to rush us along (we were not eating slowly and there were other people in the restaurant), and then mid-way through the meal, we were told they were closing the kitchen soon, so could we please put any final orders in. Ok, I get it. I work in restaurant service, and I know how it goes. While telling us the names of the desserts, the waiter just disappeared. We couldn't tell if he was not paying attention, or disappearing so as to order dishes we didn't ask for and jack up our bill. We made sure to flag down another waiter and say we just wanted ONE dessert. Then, our waiter reappeared and told us we would have to use the entire gift certificate on that day. THIS IS WAS A FABRICATION. I have used opentable gift certificates before. You can use them multiple times, as long as it's at the same restaurant (the balance doesn't have to be redeemed all in one go.) We questioned him on this, but he was adamant that they could hold our money hostage, and so we found ourselves scrambling to order something else before the kitchen closed down. WHAT A DISASTER. When he showed us our total cost so far, we noticed that he had put in TWO dessert orders for us when we had specifically ordered ONE. He promised us that was a mistake and that he'd remove the order from the bill. Then, SURPRISE SURPRISE, two desserts came out and two desserts were on the bill in the end. Their loss, it meant less tip money for them since they were holding the entire balance of our gift certificate hostage anyway. Oh, and did I mention, the waiter first tried to pretend that it was impossible for us to include tip in the gift certificate amount and that we'd have to pay even more on top of everything? Then he did a sudden turn when we told him this was untrue and acted as if he'd never said that at all. I don't know if it was the waiter's scam or the owners, but either way, don't try using gift certificates at this restaurant. I'm sure it's fine to eat at normal, albeit overpriced. But what an awful customer service experience. We couldn't sit and enjoy anything. A shame, because the food was actually quite tasty.
Overall, a great experience here. I decided to try this out given the stellar reviews and it didn't disappoint. Ambience is nice - great for a date night or a small group. It would be a bit small for a larger group.The menu offers a ton of variety. Saag paneer was memorable and the chicken dishes we sampled were all really tasty. Garlic naan is the way to go. Service was memorable, too. The staff was friendly, and very attentive. I'd come back if I'm in the area!
This place is the best Indian food I've had so far in the east village. Loved the food! We got the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, and a side of rice. The naan was on point. Came out hot and crispy but still chewy. The chicken tikka masala was good but the chicken was a tad on the dry side. The vindaloo was spicy but amazing! Atmosphere was cozy - great for a date or catching up with a friend. Very intimate and quiet enough to hold a decent conversation. Service was great. The host and waiters were all very nice. The only overall con is that the prices were a bit higher than most other Indian food (especially compared to some places in Murray Hill). But the food was worth it! Came for dinner but seems they have a pretty good lunch deal as well.
Food was great but service was unfortunately poor. The overall experience could've been so much better if the service guy had a better attitude. The "crispy okra" was the star of our meal, loved it. Better than most places where I've had it. If you're a vegetarian like me, the options were quite basic but tasty. So I wouldn't go in expecting novel veggie curries. However they have a wide variety of meat curries which I guess is their main attraction.
Absolutely awful food! Fellow Indians beware: Frozen Indian is better than ordering overpriced salty food from this horrible restaurant. If you eat from here, please schedule an appointment with your cardiologist. The only seasoning the "chefs" know how to use is cheap salt. As for the breads, I'd rather eat white bread from a grocery store than the cardboard made here. Please take your business and save yourself heartburn by ordering from anywhere else! Everything I ordered was discarded. This was the worst experience I've had attempting to swallow poorly cooked Indian food. please note that I'm from India and know what horrible Indian food tastes like! Eat at your own risk here. You will be at risk of choking on your food!
Food tasted average and not very spicy, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. The waiter didn't give us the option of the free appetizers, forgot to give us our samosas, and asked me twice for my order. The place wasn't even busy with only 2 other tables dining. One of the tables came in after us, yet they were served 20 minutes prior. Overall a disappointing experience and poor communication by the staff. I definitely won't be returning to this location.
Nice place for a group of people. loved the food, fresh and not overly heavy. I like the chicken dishes and paneer (saag/makhani) great service-attentive. would return if in the area because of good reliable indian food for reasonable price.
I haven't had Indian food in months just because it's so heavy(ignore my ice cream shop check ins). Finally caved and had pretty high expectations based on great reviews. It was last Wednesday about 8pm and there was no wait. The restaurant is pretty narrow and dimmed with soft lights. Minimal decor but I liked the hanging pots arrangement on the wall. Appropriate date spot. Unfortunately, I wasn't wow'ed by this place like many others were. We ordered samosas to start. These were pretty good and served piping hot. Nice crisp and flaky exterior with potatoes and peas inside that were seasoned nicely. I ordered the lamb pasanda as my entree. The lamb was a bit tough and the 'creamy nutty sauce' was underwhelming. It was indeed very creamy but so, so bland. I've had excellent lamb pasanda before(MasalaWala) so I was pretty disappointed. Ah well. The garlic naan we ordered to share was excellent, though. So crisp but fluffy and fragrant.Ultimately, it was just OK. Probably will not be back. Oh yea, they charge for rice. What?
My coworker and I stopped in to Malai Marke this past week and had a lovely dinner to celebrate Diwali. We ordered samosas to start, nan as a side; she ordered the Shrimp Vindaloo and I ordered the Chicken Xucuti - a super delicious tomato cream based curry. We also ordered a side of peas and rice. Overall? The food is served with generous portions and the service was fantastic. My water glass was constantly refilled and we were checked on numerous times. We were given little Diwali sweets on the house, which was really lovely. The ambiance was a little loud, which is why I took off a star, but I know that can't always be predicted. It was also perhaps a tad bit expensive. I'd come back again though for the food and lovely service!
There's a section on the menu of Indian-style Chinese food. We got the Hakka-style noodles, having eaten the food of real Hakka people in China. It was good, but unlike real Hakka food, the noodles came with a small bowl of ketchup on the side! They tasted pretty good together; better than I expected. Also enjoyed our chana saag and brown rice. There's a nice green hot sauce on request.
Great food and very good service! What else is there to say? The room is clean, dark and modern (as opposed to many of the old school curry houses on East 6th with their Christmas Tree lights and shabby decor) and we've had two very comfortable and delicious meals in the restaurant. During the warm summer months however, we do take out. I've ordered online a couple of times now and it's very convenient. The food travels quite nicely back to our apartment in Long Island City and it's totally worth it!Highly Recommended. Give it a try!
I always crave a good Chicken Tikka Marsala.  I came across this restaurant on Caviar however i didn't order it that night and have been wanting to try it ever since.  I ended up ordering the lunch special which was worth it.  For $12 bucks you get Naan, a entree, rice, cabbage and dal, for an extra $2 you can upgrade your naan to garlic naan which was totally worth it.   The serving of the lunch size was very good.  I only ate half the chicken tikka, which was approx 5 pieces of chicken and the naan, i don't think I have ever gotten a piece so big.  Another perk, which I have never experienced before, they allow you to pick your spice level.  I don't believe i have seen that option for chicken tikka before.   Whenever I have a craving for Chicken Tikka, I know exactly where/who I will be ordering from.
Great tasting food, a lot of familiar items on the menu done really well. Not as spicy as we expected so don't be too cautious with the chilli rating. Portions are generous, friendly staff.
I feel like Malai marke has gone downhill. I was disappointed in the Aleppy fish curry: the fish was a little dry and the sauce not as rich as before. the service was atrocious. Items never arrived, and they left the plates for 45mins and never came around to check on us.
I'm so picky with Indian food, especially in the US where there are so many options of where to eat.  On my last trip into the city a few months back I found myself at Malai Marke for dinner (let's be honest, I had dinner about four times that night- this is New York, afterall).I wandered in here rather early as this was the second of all the dinners and immediately ordered their Chennai goat curry.  Good customer service and a clean and relaxing ambiance kept me chilled and occupied until the goat curry was served to me.  Once I dug in, I was in heaven.  There is something about those restaurants in the East Village that makes me end up here every time I'm in New York and ravenous!I also enjoyed a cold Kingfisher with my dinner and this made me become very anxious for my upcoming India trip a couple of months later.  I have had many goat curries, but this was certainly one of the top.  Thanks for an enjoyable meal, Malai Marke!  I will definitely be back!
Had the chicken tikka masala and coconut rice. They were both pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary.. The garlic naan was my favorite part of the restaurant.It had a romantic atmosphere, being dimly lit and small and cozy.
Whoever gives this place less than a good review is delusional. This is the best Indian I've had in my five years of being in NYC and I've tried many places. Tamarind is perhaps a little better but for non fine dining Indian this is absolutely, unequivocally the only really good Indian in town. Fresh, not greasy and incredibly flavorful. Does not taste like it's out of a vat and that's saying a lot for an Indian restaurant in NYC...
The food here is not some slop on a random Indian buffet in a dark scary basement...where you think you might have just saw something crawling on the wall.  Actually, they don't have a buffet (which is very unfortunate and the ONLY reason why I am not giving them 5 Stars).  In my life I have had the good fortune to dine at a few Indian restaurants that were game changers for me, exposing me to how incredibly delicious Indian food could be when done right. During law school I used to frequent an outfit called Taste of India on Bleaker Street (which is sadly, long gone...along with most of the other great little places in Manhattan). Taste of India had the best CTM that has ever passed these lips.  Since then, I have searched in vain to find places that perhaps might match them...close enough was about as good as I was ever able to find.  That said, the Chicken Tikka Masala at Malai Marke is spectacular.  While it lacks some of the complex/spicy flavor profile the old Taste of India CTM had, it does come very close.  Malai Marke excels with all of their dishes (at least the ones I have tried), not just the CTM.  The Naan, both garlic and plain comes out hot, slathered in heavenly ghee, and most importantly not over cooked/burnt (as is the case with so many other places).  I recommend going for lunch as their lunch special represents a much better deal than their dinner menu. At $11 it is not cheap, but much better than the prices on their regular menu.  Actually, the prices on their regular menu seem a bit excessive.  I'm kinda torn between Bricklane Curry (which is around the block) that has a great buffet and more moderate prices and Malai Marke which does not, but has much better tasting food.  I wish I could get the best of both worlds, a Malai Marke buffet.Overall, this more upscale/pricy restaurant is a great addition to the underwhelming offerings on 6th street!
One of the best Indian restaurant in East Village. My boyfriend only prefer this place than others.
We just had a delicious lunch. So many places have closed on 6th Street. This place is a gem.
Went there twice. Everything is on point. My go to spot for Indian food! The ones on the menu that have marks next to them are the recommended or hot ones. Definitely go with those if you want seafood.
We came here on a Sunday night for dinner. As a general rule, I typically go to the restaurants in curry hill when I am craving Indian. But I was recently introduced to the variety of Indian restaurants around 6th street and I am glad we came here. They have two seating areas; the first one was full so they moved us to the second area which was completely empty. We didn't mind - we were a group of 6/7 so I could appreciate the space. I ordered the vegetarian lal maas with white rice (which as I understand is a Rajasthani specialty but typically made with meat - I am half Rajasthani but have never eaten lal maas before). The lal maas was good - albeit a little too spicy for my taste. Yes, I am Indian and yes I love spice and no I don't like to burn my taste buds when I am having dinner.  My friends ordered a variety of dishes - paneer jalfrezi, malai kofta (which was my boyfriends favorite - it's made with Indian cheese and fried and served in a rich and creamy sauce, great if you don't like a lot of spice) and a lamb dish which my boyfriend found too spicy. They do have a spicy scale on the menu - take it seriously, some of the stuff was really spicy even for me (read: dishes with 3 or 4 chilies). My boyfriend and friends also ordered rasmalai (dessert) - it's a made with Indian cheese in a milk sauce, sweet light and delicious. They all loved it!What I really liked about this place is not just the food but also the ambiance. It's trendy and intimate at the same time and good for large groups (preferably with a reservation if you are coming on a weekend) or for a casual date.
Very solid Indian food at this slightly upscale eatery. The mood is less Christmas light and more fashionable artisan light with dark wood tables and a cozy ambiance. Service is very fast and professional and the menu is pretty huge. The tandoori kebabs are exceptional, probably my favorite dish as they are dry, yet somehow moist and succulent inside with great seasoning and light spice. The samosas were good, but not exceptional, and a bit crispy and dry in the shell though the batter and veggies inside were tasty. The lamb curries were super flavorful, both the almond flavored one and the spicier briyani. The chicken tikka masala, typically the dish you judge an Indian restaurant from, is nice and buttery, with chicken breast incredibly tender and moist as it should be. Even the naan bread was flavorful and delicious, and perfect for mopping up the extra sauce.
OK let me get this off my chest and my fellow Indians will understand. Is it me or are more and more Bangladeshi people opening Indian restaurants????? Nothing wrong with it but Bangladeshi food is different from Indian so make that front and center. It's feels they are piggybacking off our cuisine. If so, please stop pitching it as Indian while selling a menu that is 75% Bangladeshi food, you can tell by the spelling/names of the dishes and oh how could you miss the STAFF!!! While sure you have the run of the mill makni, tikka masala etc...but some other dishes just stand out as "eastern food". Let your cuisine free and get the accolades it should deserve. On that note this was a real weird experience.... we got a table at the entrance, a tight fit but heh we were seated. Ordered some samosa, malai kebob and jinga luchi. The Jinga was real good, the tomato base sauce with curry leaves was Money!!!! Main course....we got the chicken rizalla and the Lal Mass which I would give 5 ***** , it was on point and had me happy with my decisions. The waiter recommended Vindaloo and Makni, glad I did not listen to him. So speaking of waiter...this is where it gets weird, the entire waitstaff was MIA, usually with there heads down, my kind heart thought they were over worked as it seemed one waiter per section. But Noooooooo, they were just straight Lazy. It was so hard trying to get there attention. I remember asking one to get me napkins and onions and he said sure and disappeared. They would walk by with water and see a half empty glass and not bother to fill it....Toward the end after we got some left overs packed a party of four walked into the restaurant. The waiter approached us and asked if we're done, I said we have food getting packed and thought we would hang for a few minutes . Holy Shittttttt, he tells the party waiting "oh give me 10mins they will leave". One thing I hate about restaurants is when they push you out. Final verdict the staff with limited communication skills needs Restaurant Service 101... if it wasn't for the food they would have gotten zero stars. Highly doubt I would go again.....
So happy to have found this little gem. Narrow and charming. Excellent wait staff and authentic dishes. Love Indian cuisine and this place doesn't disappoint. Best to call ahead otherwise You might have to wait outside for a tableto free up. Beer and wine only but the selection was better than expected.
I ordered a side dish of lentils and it arrived cold. After making the waiter aware of it he replaced it with a watered-down reheated replacement and gave me the eye. A very uncomfortable experience on an early evening in the East Village of Manhattan.
Woohoo! Some of the best Indian food I have had in a while! And I'm picky. It was a bit spendy, but typical for South Asian food and East Village prices.  My only real complaint was the service. I ordered food for pick-up and was told it would be 30 minutes. I read on yelp that they tend to be slow so I gave them 40 minutes. When I arrived, I told the Host? Server? that I had an order for pick-up and he seemed confused and flustered and told me it wasn't ready without even asking my name or checking. I waited up front by the door, feeling stupid, and not knowing it anyone was check on my order or if they knew I was there. I finally walked to the back where the cash register was and asked a guy back there. He went to check on my order and came back with a bag! So I don't know that was going on. My husband and his family (all South Asian) and myself all thought the food was delicious!
I have been to this restaurant twice and have enjoyed my meal there each time.  Last night I had the Japanese pumpkin dish, which was the perfect amount of spice and deliciousness.  Highly recommended!
Yes, it's not cheap food. But it's also not cheap food. Def didn't need apetizers with those portions
Overpriced and underwhelming. Dishes start at $15 or $16 and they don't come with rice or naan. That's right. Rice is price separately and starts at $6 for plain. Chicken Tikka and Lamb Madras were not particularly tasty or memorable. Compared to restaurants a few doors down on the same street, this placed has nothing to offer. You can spend the same $15 and get a full 3 course meal anywhere along 6th. Don't eat here.
Staff here was super friendly, and the Fish Moilee lunch special was superb all around, with a substantial portion that made the $5.89 rather than $10.89 even easier to swallow ($2 eat24 code + Paypal $3 offer stacked).Fish Moilee (Lunch)How Spicy?: Spicy1 $10.00Cashcoupon Used $2Paid with PayPal $8.89Total $10.89Eat24 Order$8.89 USD 1 $8.89 USDSubtotal $8.89 USDSpecial Offer -$3.00 USDTotal $5.89 USD
$18.50 for a lamb pasanda but none of the dishes comes with rice.  You have to buy rice separate. Or this is what I have been told twice by the waiter. I asked twice to make sure because I couldn't believe my ears. I find this very strange as I have never been in a restaurant, buy a meal and it only comes with the stew/curry but no rice or something to eat the stew.  Normally, Indian restaurant give rice .. You know pen/ink, bread / butter, rice and stew.. Somethings just go together.  When all other Indian restaurant is way cheaper, you just cannot offer someone curry to drink with no rice as an accompaniment.  I find it weird selling only half a meal for such price.  The lamb pasanda and naan (bought separate since no rice was given)  was good. Nothing exceptional.  The Ras Malai seems  "out from the tin" consistency- thick and messy.    Service was good.
There was plenty of seating on a Thursday evening.We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala ($16) and Saag Paneer ($14) with a bowl of white rice ($3), and they were both amazing, especially when mixed together. Each bite was a synergistic flavor explosion.Service was very friendly, and the food came out relatively fast. If you are looking to try something new or are just craving Indian Cuisine, I highly recommend this place.I will definitely be back!
Decor: 5/5-It appears there are two separate restaurants with two entrances but they are connected to each other.-Comfortable ambiance, welcoming decor-Malai Marke, Dhaba, Chola, Chettinad (and a few more I can't recall) are all owned by ShivaService: 5/5-friendly and professional-our food came out in a timely matter-multiple credit cards may be used Food: 4.5/5-You have a selection of 22 $9 lunch specials.-Chicken Tikka Masala was my favorite as this was creamy and flavorful like the Coondapur Kori but slightly sweeter. Perfect for dipping garlic naan in. -Coondapur Kori uses coconut curry which was creamy and flavorful as well. My second favorite. -Chicken Chettinad uses pepper curry though not as creamy as the first two. Still good for dipping naan in. Kenny C enjoyed it. -Naan comes with the $9 lunch special (along with dal, Punjabi cabbage and rice) but garlic naan is supposedly extra though our server gave it to us at no extra cost. For three lunch specials we got a basket of about 7 garlic naan and they were tasty! Light, fresh and crispy. I highly recommend getting this. -The Punjabi cabbage was surprisingly good and well flavored.
Went there for lunch! Had the samosas  and Lamb Dhankah lunch special! Everything was just fantastic! FANTASTIC
The service was fine, portions were good, and the environment was comfortable overall... But I just can't get over how bad the food was. I grew up in Jackson Heights. For those who are unfamiliar with the neighborhood, it is often called Little India because it has a huge concentration of Indian, Pakistani, and Bengali immigrants. I have also eaten at friends' houses growing up. This was the strangest Indian cuisine experience because everything was bland. How is that even possible? It seemed like everything lacked not only salt, but the sweetness that food cooked in ghee often has. Did they use ghee? I'm not sure. Furthermore, it was weird that they didn't include rice with any of the dishes so we were told if we wanted it, we had to order it. Go to any restaurant in Jackson Heights and they will not only give you rice with each dish, but also complimentary pappadums with dips. Finally, the dishes were quite expensive for Indian food. Really not worth the price. This experience was a total fail.
Manhattan is certainly not lacking in Indian neighborhoods or restaurants, but it is always so hard to find one place that stands out among the rest.  Well, Malai Marke was clearly one of those places.  Nestled among many other East Villagers, it actually attracts patrons by its lack of Christmas lights and festive craziness.  In fact, it is actually more understated and refined with brick walls and floor-to-ceiling windows.  The restaurant came highly recommended by a friend and did not disappoint.  We had made a reservation for 7 pm on a Saturday evening, but arrived to a packed house.  Granted, we got there a few minutes past our reservation time, but we were stuck standing in the entrance way for a good fifteen minutes before we were seated at the one table that had been empty from even the initial moment of our arrival.  I was unsure of why we could not have been seated earlier.  Regardless, we walked passed tables full of saucy concoctions and our watering mouths could not wait to order!The complimentary crunchy thin crisps,, served at most Indian places, here were infused with sultry seasonings and were extremely delicious.  We started with the potato and pea stuffed Samosas, which were by far the best I had ever had.  The crisp crust possessed the perfect thickness and bite, while the stuffing was packed with flavor.  The Ragara Patties were an appetizer like nothing i had ever had before.  These thick potato patties were topped with chickpeas and a creamy sauce of yogurt and various chutneys.  The dish was sweet and satisfying.  In fact, I am drooling at the memory as I write this...When it came down to the entrees, the Chicken Balti was unreal!  The meat was moist and tender, and the red balti masala mushroom sauce was rich and savory.  The Chicken Chutneywala was baked in a thick stock of mango and green chutney for a decadent sweetness.  The Naan was also one of the best I had ever enjoyed.  It was doughy and possessed the perfect amount of chewiness.  My one complaint was having to pay for a side of white basmati rice, which was bland on top of the added cost.Despite that one gripe, I would certainly say that Malai Marke was one of the best Indian meals I have had in Manhattan, and maybe even in general!
Okay.... so the food was delicious. But is it necessary to charge extra for rice??? I mean come on its an Indian restaurant.But let's go back to the food. The malai chicken curry was delicious. Hands down one of the best butter  chicken / tikka masala variants I've ever tried. The naan was good as well and the dal makhni was standard.I'm knocking off one star because of the general vibe. It's trying too hard to be hip. There's something weird about having crazy loud dance music or dubstep playing while eating chicken curry. Kind of takes away from the experience. They should rethink their music selection.
When you're just some random dude walking into an ethnic restaurant and see people of that ethnicity actually eating there, you're like, ok, good things are coming. Except here, by the time I was done with the surprisingly mediocre meal I could only wonder what they hell were thinking by choosing to eat here. The naan? Dry. Flavorless. I mention flavorless because I got garlic naan. I did see garlic on it, but couldn't taste or smell it, which means it was probably prepared much earlier in the day and left out... I guess to dry?The samosas? Eh. The rice? Also eh, but eh turns to EH when they make you pay extra to have rice with your meal. If you're going to make me order it as a side, at least make it right. The tikka masala? You know this is what you came here for anyways, so I hate to break the bad news. Please grab a chair and sit for this: Eh. Lamb vindaloo? Actually not bad. Not great, not bad. They say it's spicy, but it's not. Also, decor. Confusing? One wall made me feel like I was in a rustic restaurant, with red brick and pots hanging off the wall. The other wall was wallpapered to look like Starbucks, but instead of showing coffee beans and farmers, it showed spices and said SPICES in big red letters a few times. It made me feel like at the end of the meal someone was going to try and hock me some garam masala. Odd choice. And thus, my review is concluded.
I love Indian food, but this place is nothing special. First off...do NYC restaurant owners ever heard of winter cold air?? Ever heard of double doors? Ever heard of comfortable cosy dinner without keeping your jacket on?!?Ok so that said, this resto haven't got the message that it's freezing cold. We needed to ask to be seated in the second room away from the front door, they didn't seem to understand why.This place is a little pricey for what you get, a little bland even when asked for something spicy. Nothing to rave about.
amazing food and on top of it quality and quantity was amazing staff was good helpful our next step is coming for dinner
Straight up my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. Not to be missed. Wonderful spices and flavors. Eat in or order via Caviar. Worth the wait and money.
I have wanted to try this place for a long time and high hopes for it based on pictures and other people's experiences. I was disappointed with my experience and will not be going back. I had three dishes: 1) Lamb Madras: This dish is the #1 reason I am giving them a lack luster review. This dish was TERRIBLE. It was extremely gamy in taste and smell. It literally was like some old grisly mutton. It was so bad I felt it was inedible. This dish would get ZERO stars. My dining companion asked them if the meat was halal and they said yes. This meat was really horrendous. I regret not sending it back. 2) Sag Paneer: Usual sag, pretty good, large chunks of paneer and the best dish I had that night (coming from a big meat eater that is saying something). 3) Chicken Vindaloo: Very standard. The sauce although hot in spice was very thin, had not real substance to the sauce. VERY VERY average, nothing great. Paid $75 not including tip for those three dishes. RICE is EXTRA by the way so keep that in mind. I like a festive atmosphere but this place was extremely loud. Overall sub par- underwhelming, poor proteins and overpriced. PASS ON IT.
The positive - the food was good and came pretty quickly.The negative - extra drinks were tacked onto our bill - not cool, guys. Told the waiter who expressed surprise - he called another waiter who expressed more surprise...finally shrugged and took them off - no apology. Overall I'd say enjoy the meal but keep count of what you're eating/drinking and check your bill.
Delicious food. The Malai Marke Paneer was delicious and they have a good collection of spicy food
Couldn't help it... they get a full 5 stars from me. I went back quite a few times before upgrading these folks to 5 stars.
Not your run-of-the-mill Indian coconut and masala drenched restaurant. Finely nuanced tastes. Try it!
I really like this restaurant because I LOVE Indian curry. I really enjoy the food with friends here.
Really nice place! We really enjoyed our food here! Great service and delicious dishes!I gave it 4 stars because the lousy group whi sat next to us..Thanks for a wonderful indian expirience.
Lunch special is CRAZY! Been ordering from this place since I moved to the EV and I'm never gonna stop. My boys hook it up fat with the rice and naan. They think my name is Jill but I fucks with it.
As a lover of Indian Food, I'm always eager to try out a new place. After one meal at Malai Marke, I know it's a place I'll go back to for quality indian food with fantastic flavors.The vibe is very mellow -- so much so that you might not anticipate the prices. $18 for an entree is certainly not exorbitant, but the glass mason jars for the water give off a more casual feel than your wallet expected. But the place is clean and comfortable with nice light. I went with my mom and we were seated near the kitchen, but there was no noise that disrupted our meal. Upon entering, the present you with an assortment of chutneys and pappadum. All the chutneys were fresh and delicious, with the cilantro as my favorite. We split the eggplant appetizer that was wonderful -- thinly sliced and drizzled in tamarind chutney (which is my favorite). The eggplant is soft with a nice crisp skin.For dinner we ordered a side of rice and naan to pair with our meals. One order of each was sufficient for two people. I had the Lamb Pepper Fry -- a coconut and pepper dish with a great flavor -- which came in a small individual bowl. It had enough spice from the pepper, but it wasn't extremely hot. Unlike the creamier sauces of other meals, the Lamb Pepper Fry comes with a chunkier sauce that didn't necessarily lend itself to meshing with the rice. However, it suited the lamb very well and I enjoyed it.  But the star for me was the Chicken Korma that my mom ordered. Easily the best korma sauce that I have ever had. it was flavorful and creamy and really paired well with the chicken. When I come back, this is first on my list to try for myself. Malai Marke serves delicious, flavorful food in a relaxed space and is worth a look if you're in the area or want a really great meal.
Really good indian restaurant! A plus for putting Vegan options, and the coconut rice is a MUST try! The only thing I would have to complain about, was that the kitchen closed soon after my friends and I were seated. We weren't notified, which was a bummer because we were still hungry after what we ate, and wanted to order more. Maybe it was just a one-time case..will be going back for sure! ps: they only take 2 credit cards per table....
This place has just become one of my favorite Indian cuisine restaurants.  I believe that next time I have another craving for Indian food, I will definitely come here.  Although the hostess was a bit rude, with her crazy glare when we told her we didn't have reservation (take a chill pill), the waiter and food made up for the experience.I tried a little bit of everything, but my favorite was the Chicken Chutneywala -- it was really fruity and interesting.  The Tikka Masala was actually not on top of my list, since it tasted super super creamy.  Felt like I was drinking heavy cream (not such a great feeling might I add).  The lemon and coconut rice were really delicious too.  Highly rec this restaurant.  Decor is really gorgeous for a hot date ;) They have two sections, so don't be alarmed if you see the first part packed.
Came here on Mother's Day expecting typical 6th St. Indian food, i.e cheap tasty. Was pleasantly surprised, somehow more clean and interesting than even the 27th St Little India places. Prepare to be suprized
Excellent dinner from start to finish. At first thought the place was perhaps too dark inside... ventured inside nonetheless... Excellent, attentive service by Anup who provided guidance about dishes and was thoughtful with the young member of our party asking if there was something special he can have the kitchen create for her to eat. The small plates were delicious and the range of main dishes we shared and devoured. Our out of town guests really enjoyed the entire meal. Will definitely go back and may even order in!
Loved this place! Probably the best Indian food that I have had and that includes my time spent in India. We ordered the Saag Paneer and the Chicken Tika Masala.  Loved the giant glass of Indian beer that came out. Great service and food! Bravo!
Went in as a large group with a reservation. The food was phenomenal. The best Indian food I've had in years! I got a chicken tikki masala with garlic nan and coconut rice which were delicious. The servers were really patient with our orders and even let us share our entrees. One of our friends got there late and the nice waiter went all the way to the back in a full house to get a seat for her. I will definitely go back!
They have a great lunch special, which includes your choice of a main, rice, dal, cabbage and naan.  We had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb pasadan; both were very tasty.... I especially loved that the pieces of lamb were not too fatty.  I also loved the garlic naan ($2 extra for anything other than the plain naan)...it was perfect. Service was very good, and the place is very clean and nice. They also have a pretty good beer selection on the menu (I had an Abita Amber which was served nice and cold).
Nothing extraordinary here. Standard indian good, decent service, decent ambience.Careful- prices on the menu and what was posted outside when I was there tonight were different. They also varied on the menus. I was shown a $5 kulfi but charged $6.50. Same thing w the other 2 items, they were a dollar higher than the menu posted outside. Chicken malai was really good, very tender but lacking in some more spices and flavor. The ragda pattis are done right, served with cholay, can be your dinner. Kulfi seems out of container, not home made, but decent. Good place in this hood for Indian food.
Has a lot of hopes for thos one. That not came through, I'm afraid. :(The lentil soup was kind of flat and so was the chickpea masala. The spices never came through, as they usually do in indian cuisin.Underwellmed!
Savoring great food is like losing yourself in a piece of music. Or in a work of art. Or far more meaningful. This review is for the lunch special. This is the second time I have had it, the first time was their Malai Kofta, and now, the Saag (palak) Paneer. Since the awesomeness persisted, I decided to pen down my joy.  1. The spinach was in a smooth curry form (as is supposed to be, even the most ordinary restaurant in India would have the smooth curry), and not finely chopped (as is served in a lot of restaurants in US). 2. Longer version: You don't have the scour the curry searching for paneer pieces, be happy when you find one, and then break this tiny piece further so that the paneer lasts all through the meal.Shorter version: The good news is that the number of paneer pieces in the curry is far more than 2-3. Also bigger pieces. And softer.   3. The dal (makhani) that accompanies the lunch special is as close to being "authentic" as it can get. 4. Nothing in the food reminded me of canned tomatoes. The place (regular menu) is a bit expensive as compared to the other Indian places in East Village. But I would happily pay the few extra bucks for the authenticity and experience. And the lunch special isn't that pricey.
When I moved to New York in 1993, Union Square was an affordable place to live, and the only place to find Indian food was on East 6th street. None of the restaurants served alcohol, but there was a deli on the N.E. corner of 2nd Avenue and 6th, where we'd pick up our 'byob' six-packs.The waiters stood on the sidewalks, annoyingly trying to lure us in, but we had our favorite spot, semi below-ground.  The food was good, filling, very cheap and cash only of course.In those days, there were no Barnes & Nobles, Starbucks, Chipotles, or other national chains I refer to as, "free bathrooms."  Going for "Indian" back then had the inherent risk of not making it home in time- Looking back, I'm not surprised considering I never spent more than $8 -$10 for a table full of food in that dingy dark den, where the waiter was also the sidewalk maître d', and possibly the cook.Luckily for all the poor pedestrians walking between between East 6th and Union Square West, they will no longer have to witness the sweating panic of instant digestion, or my half-walk/run home, or the deliberation to go between two cars, or just go in my pants.I am very relieved and happy to see delicious and elegant additions to E. 6th, and Malai Marke fits the bill.  I was with my Indian friend who ordered, and while nothing was too exotic or anything I wouldn't have ordered myself, the food was delicious, the waiters very attentive, maybe more to my date, but very polite, filled our waters, and kept warm Naan bread and drinks coming.I have a new favorite, and no longer have to worry or plan my route home, or carry some extra napkins in my pockets, just in case.
Stumbled our way down to East 6th off 3rd and pre-ambled ourselves all the way to 2nd Ave looking for something else. A cursory check through the window of our initial choice and I was greatly disappointed by our choice and its presentation. It does amaze me how little consideration some restaurants give to the overall impression they make when trying to lure customers. In this old and timeless eclectic strip the rule goes with out saying.  Presentation is everything. I have stopped coming to this area for many of the same reasons that other posters have noted in their reviews, hawkish and aggressive door tactics, discordant decorations thrown together by family members or waiters at the restaurant, crowded little tables where you practically have to kiss some ones (         ) to drink your BYOB stock, low tin ceilings that make conversation impossible at a reasonable decibel levels, notable signs from the heath department with less than a stellar ratings, unclean and un-kept sidewalks, etc., To digress, market rents in these neighborhoods have all but climbed or doubled over the last decade. Competition for exceptional cuisine has turned fierce in NYC, to ignore these trends is to live and operate in a vacuum eventually you choke.  So why would you ignore your restaurants presentation? It's one way to differentiate one restaurant from another in a crowed market place and it allows a restaurant to command better premiums while increasing sales volume. Ok, done on that subject.Malai Marke was a really lovely find. In this crowded strip. The small subdivided restaurant presents well has an excellent and contemporary feel. Wall graphics and decour are inviting. Prompt and courteous waiter service, if at times a little distracted. Malai was packed when we dropped in. The menu choices were fabulous, and the selection of beer was notable. One very interesting item I noticed on the menu was the choice of what appears to be Chinese food. This little anomaly was indeed peculiar. I need to do a little research on my geography. The Chinese choices were limited, but they appeared out of place with the variety of curies and other wonderful Indian plate choices on the menu. All that aside, we had a great meal, spicy and tasty. I am not recommending anything on the menu, as I believe all Indian food needs to be discovered over time. It's an amazing culture, with a heritage to tied into it's cuisine. So take a plunge and order up a storm and let the cardamom, turmeric, coriander, cumin, fennel, garlic, cassia, cinnamon, dill, caraway, bishop's weed, aniseed overwhelm and seduce your palate, you'll be a better person for it!
My friend and I were in the mood for Indian so we took a stroll down E. 6th St and this place caught our eye because of the decor. Modern, dim lighting and nice ambiance. We were seated right away and the food came quickly. The samosas were nice and fresh, not oily and soggy as some cheap places can be. Inside the peas were still solid and not mashed up. The sauces for the papadum were fresh and with just enough spice without being too hot. The naan was fresh and baked really nicely - crispy and soft at the same time. I had the roasted pumpkin with herbs. Could have used some more salt but cooked well. Rice was nicely prepared too. All in all a good place.
Loooooved it!!! I forgot the name of what I ordered but it was a vegan platter of cauliflower and peas. It had the delicious flavor profile I was craving, a lot of spices!! It wasn't spicy on the menu but they can make it as spicy as you'd like it. Medium for me. I also ordered a mango lassi, yuuummmm! Nice ambiance, casual, low Indian music in the background, good location. Oh, and the server was sooo helpful. We had so any questions on the menu and he was patient enough to explain it all to us in detail, even gave us recommendations. Will definitely come back.Oh, and our meal was all around 40 bucks so it was a good deal!
This review is only for take out for two different times. I decided to come here after reading the grear reviews on Yelp. My first time here, I ordered at the restaurant. The staff was very nice and answered my questions I had about the food. I don't eat Indian food often so I needed suggestions. I went with the Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan Bread. I had asked if my meal came with rice and was told that rice comes only with take-out.I live in Brooklyn but given the travel about 40-45 minutes. Everything made it back all in one piece. Everything was packaged great and not even a drop of curry out of the container! My food was still nice and warm. My naan may have gotten a bit moist (I'm not sure how it's served in the restaurant. But there is nothing a toaster or oven can't fix to bring it back to life!). Garlic was not overwhelming; it was just right. The tikka masala was very good. It was creamy and tomato-y but was not a strong flavor. There was no spice factor in this dish and I found myself wanting some heat. The chicken was tender and juicy- full of flavor. I hardly ever eat chicken because I find that it can be very dry.  But this was some good chicken. My meal still came with a side of chips with cumin seeds?, which were very crispy and flavorful. I couldn't stop eating them. It also came with since dipping sauces that I did not use because I really enjoyed the chips just the way they were. Everything came out to about $22. Pretty pricey but you get a decent amount of food. My second time ordering take-out, I ordered from Seamless using a 15% off discount that came out to about $16. I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo for something spicy. When I opened the container, all I saw was RED!!  Red oil, Red sauce, Red meat, Red potatoes!! Though I was not afraid... I dug in! The chicken was again juicy and tender- perfect!! The spice factor was okay. I would say that it wasn't very spicy but the heat does linger in the back of your throat after a while. I had more Garlic Naan, which I love dipping into the curry-delicious!!! Will definitely be back to try more from the 'Spicy Club' menu, and perhaps to dine in.
A mouthful of WOW!!!!!!   Best Indian food I have had in ages.   Just go - you will not regret it.
I had one of those days.. YOU KNOW.. those days when you want something good, something to hit the spot but no clue what cuisine will. I've exhausted my ramen and burger options for the week, so I needed to switch it up. Italian? Nah... Thai? Maybe.. INDIAN? Fack, I haven't had Indian in awhile. INDIAN IT IS!As I was walking home with my co-worker/neighborhood walking buddy/Ramen&Burger buddy.... we searched for Indian options in our hood. I noticed there were good reviews for Malai so figured we'd check it out. To start, WOW this place is so cute! (YES, CUTE. I'm a girl, what do you expect!) Has a nice little modern touch to it, I dig it. Once you're seated, they give you complimentary chips with their chutney sauces to dip which is awesome. The cilantro chutney was the best, BTW!SO for food we ordered:-Coondapur Kori (Coconut chicken curry) -Lamb Madras (Coconut Lamb Curry)-Side of Coconut Rice-Mango Lassi-Garlic NaanI'd break it down and provide a detail for each dish but there's no point cuz everything here was amazing. The chicken and lamb curries both were tender, not dry at all and perfectly soaked with the curry sauces. The naan, OH THE NAAN - came out warm and fresh. PERFECT for soaking up that curry. We didn't realize until after the fact, that we had an abundance of coconutty flavors and was afraid the coconut rice might be a little much, but it was subtle and not overpowering. I noticed they have great lunch deals ~ $10, so definitely want to come back for that. Friend ordered the mango lassi and he said it was good, but personally not a fan as I think it's too sweet for my liking.Overall, great experience and the service was friendly very attentive. One little gripe I might add was it did take a little longer for us to get our check, but that's okay - not the end of the world. What really matters is the food, and this is probably the best Indian I've had thus far.I WILL BE BACK!
Came here for awesome indian food, made a reservation for 2 and everything went according to plan. The server was nice and friendly. He pointed out that we would get a better value if we participate in the lunch specials so we did, we got the chicken vindaloo, , basmati rice, Dhal, and naan.. Everything was good , right amount of spices and couldn't complain. Best indian food I had in a long time
Decent food. Came here for a group celebration and I was not disappointed. As a complete stranger to Indian cuisine, Malai Marke was a good restaurant to start with. The decor was nice but the waiters did rush us. Granted, we had 8 people and took up a lot of waiting time for a Saturday night. Had a good experience overall, would recommend to go spicy and avoid the seafood.
The food was alright. It wasn't that great. The Gobi starter didn't have salt in it. The main course curries were alright.  It was good for a one time visit.
This place is soooo good that I went back 2 nights in a row. I had this really delicious chicken with creamy tomato sauce, I forget what it's called but it has 4 Ms in its name. The garlic naan was unbelievable, superb! I also really liked the minced goat rice. The portion for the rice here is really big--could probably feed 2. Service is good and very attentive.
good Indian food flavorful and the right amount of spice. The service was a bit lagging but everything else about the place will make me want to come and try their brunch again.
Indian food deliciousness! Love this place!! I have been here multiple times and this place never disappoints! I love tasting everything they have on the menu!!I love it that the menu has your old reliable Indian dishes like Chicken Tikka Masala along with harder to find dishes such as Coondapur Kori and Chicken Chutneywala. All the dishes and I do mean all the dishes from the chicken kebabs, lamb kebabs to the paneer and biryani, are amazingly delicious! This is one of my favorite Indian places in the city. I have always found the service to be good and attentive. They always make sure to accommodate any requests we have. Make sure to have reservations before you go because it does get crowded on weekends. The place is small, but I believe they are adding more space to the restaurant, so hopefully that will solve that issue. Ambiance is cozy and noise level is perfect, not too loud not too quiet. So if you're in the city and craving good Indian food, stop by here, believe me it is one of the best Indian restaurants in the city!!
I really enjoyed this meal! Fancied some Indian food! A friend took me here! Party of 5! This place is decked out nice! The viewable kitchen is an awesome feature! The service was awesome! Out server knew the menu very well! I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala (Typical Brit) with boiled rice and a cheese coconut naan on recommendation of our server! NAAN - 9/10TIKKA MASALA - 7.5/10RICE - 8/10I would 100% dine here again and I would recommend this to a friend and my fellow yelpers.
I came across Mali Marke after another restaurants wait time was far too long and I was hungry. I wasn't even really in the mood for Indian until I walked down 6th st and smelled that delicious aroma of curry and Marsala. This place did not disappoint in fulfilling my taste buds wants and needs. We came in and were immediately greeted and seated in a nice area. Now this place isn't quiet so if you're looking for something cozy and romantic I wouldn't recommend it, but if your looking for good food and great service then you're in good hands. I ordered my usual which is Chicken Tikka Masala and I was not in the least bit disappointed. I was actually so extremely happy and content I couldn't wait to eat it for left overs. With my Chicken Tikka I also got the garlic naan - also quite scrumptious and made my taste buds jump with happiness. Also if you're into spice - this place gives you quite the kick (or so I hear... I'm not a big spicy fan) My friend got something zesty and he was definitely sweating half way thought his meal.All in all I highly highly highly recommend this place if you're looking for some extremely delicious Indian food and awesome service. Enjoy!
Solid Indian food; great price; excellent service.Favorite thing here first.  The butter chicken here was awesome.  So was the chicken tikka masala.  Also the cauliflower.  All of these items were fantastic: perfectly spicy, not overcooked, and saucy.  Perfect with rice or naan.The lamb here I thought was just okay.  You can do better elsewhere.  The naan is also just okay, but only because I had better.But the food here is legit, and there should be no misunderstanding.  When you come here, expect good food and service, and a great value for your buck.
Grabbed lunch with a friend here One thing to note first, lunch specials, 10 dollars, comes with dish + cabbage + lentils + a rice/nann/prata. Absolutely great deal. Its alot of food.Now the food part! Everything here seems to be cooked in a lot of butter. Everything is really... smooth... buttery.. flavorful and rich. Granted I only got the chicken tikka masala but the rice was really buttery too.Whats not good is it doesnt really have the kick of spices you expect from indian food. I know they have spicy options, but i would assume the default would be a little spicy too... but everything was just so rich and buttery and non-spicy.Nonetheless the food was pretty good, if missing spiciness which im sure if requested they would add.Cons: the wait time from ordering to food on the table was ridiculously long, maybe almost 30 mins... and there were only like 3 tables ~ 12 people there.Also.. normal priced dishes a little pricey (17 dollars tikka masala that didnt come with anything other than rice?!) so definitely try it during lunch to take advantage
This is my favorite Indian spot in the neighborhood, hands-down. The chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi are our standards. The lamb saag was also great the last time. The ingredients feel a bit higher quality than a lot of other Indian spots. And they also have a great craft beer list, which sets them apart. Come for the lunch special, it's a much better deal than dinner - includes cabbage, daal, and naan, all for about $10. Minus one star because they've started to be a little more stingy with the cabbage and daal, and they now charge extra for garlic naan if you ask for it with the lunch special.
I love going on a Saturday or Sunday for lunch. Always great Indian food.  The lamb vindaloo is complex with moist chunks of meat. The chicken jalfrazie was dry rubbed and delicious. My new standby.
Not sure why there are so many great reviews for this place. I am Indian and have grown up on Indian food so to me this place did not meet the cut in terms of authenticity. The location and ambiance were better than most curry joints but in terms of food quality I have definitely had a lot better. Even the service was not outstanding. The waiter messed up our order and for a party of 9 it took almost an hour for our food to come out which I think is a bit excessive.
Yea! This place has some HOT curry! And it also taste really good. The portions are pretty good. Food is absolutely amazing. But do beware that it is a small place, so reservations are recommended.  I pretty got everything from the Curry SPICY CLUB.  All really good! So for the spice wusses out there. Don't get anything from here. I recommend the Chicken Rizzala which is a green creamy sauce or the Chicken Chutneywala which is a very mild mango based sauce. Very tasty, slightly on the sweeter side.The Garlic Naan?! OMG...We got 2 orders. And this was not enough!! Drooling just thinking about it.
I am so happy to be able to update my review again! The comment left on my past review is, in fact, true. They have changed chefs and policies and the place is now just as amazing, if not more amazing, than it used to be.We went on Saturday night and service was fantastic, food was delicious, and everything was spot on. The servers are very willing to accommodate requests and any customizations, including the option for a white meat chicken. We had no problems whatsoever, and every request we had was fulfilled.We had the chicken xacuti and the lal maas. The former is coconut milk based and has as sweet, nutty taste. The latter is spicy and so so flavorful, one of my favorite dishes here and I highly recommend trying it if you like spicy. The combination of both of those dishes was great because they balanced each other out.Garlic naan and mango lassi are fantastic as well.One of the servers in particular, Habib, is great and has tons of opinions and recommendations that are helpful based on an individual's food preference. I would recommend asking for him to be your waiter if he's available that night.I appreciate very much that management really listened to customers and valued the feedback enough to make changes. Great hospitality and service.So glad to report positively for this place again. Can't wait to be back!
Ok, so TERRIBLE service- but I was so happy to be eating such delicious food, I could totally deal with having to flag down the waiter to get this or that, over and over again.Vegan food was clearly labeled, and the Pumpkin Sabji was BOMB. Like, damn, son!
Best Indian food I've had in New York City.I normally get the Chicken Tikka Masala (not spicy) + nan + mango chutney. All are solid. They have a great ambience in the restaurant and deliver extremely quickly.Recently the CTM has been very liquid-y, which hasn't been as great-- but the flavor is still good. They also don't give you a lot of rice in deliveries.Still, overall: very good!
I came here on a Saturday night with a large crowd, (make reservations if coming with a group of people and don't be late) and we were promptly seated. The restaurant itself is pretty small, it is in a "U" shape. We ordered a bunch of dishes to try and I personally liked the chicken tikka marsala and the saag paneer the best. These dishes do not come with rice or naan. I tried the coconut rice (it tasted like popcorn to me) and the regular white rice. The garlic naan was absolutely delicious and perfect with the chicken tikka marsala sauce. The interior of the restaurant I would classify as trendy, and date appropriate. The food is a bit pricey, but it is made to share so order away!
Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Hands down best Indian place in Manhattan!2) VERY Authentic Indian dishes (and I used to go to New Delhi and other parts of India once a year)3) SUPER affordable! (channa, lamb, chicken dish, okra, mango lassi, chai, lemon rice and garlic naan all for $90 (includes tax and tip) split among 4 people!4) Tons of options for all diets5) Polite service and have great suggestions6) I hate okra, and yet they made me eat a bowl of it! YUMMO! 7) Very clean, and well kept establishment 8) Always diligent in topping off your glasses of water! Cons:1) Channa was a bit bland, but I'll just ask them to make it spicier :)
After being disappointed by a wide array of Indian restaurants since moving to New York, I was very pleased to come across this place. And I was excited to see that they had Indian Chinese food on the menu as well (although, alas, no gobi manchurian). My group ordered the chili chicken, rogan josh, bhindi sasuralwali, chicken rizzala (a dish I'd never had before that turned out to be excellent), and all of them were fantastic. The reason I'm giving 4 and not 5 stars is that the dishes are fairly expensive (especially the meats), even for an Indian restaurant, and also that there was a fairly sexist and disturbing sign by the bathrooms of a male figure looking up a female figure's skirt. Not sure why they found that humorous or necessary, but definitely detracted from my mood that evening. Overall, however, it was a great meal, and I would enjoy going back.
Could not have asked for better Indian. Had this one shrimp dish from the spicy menu. Best thing ever. It truly was spicy, but so worth.Friend had a chicken curry of some sort. The chicken had the most perfect texture- not cardboardy or gelatinous. Resembled organic chicken. Coconut rice was very pleasant.Service mediocre.Tasteful bathrooms. Cool, hip ambiance. Definitely coming back for more!
I went there for a lunch special and it was delicious. I had a sample platter of all the meats. It was just breathtaking. I loved all the colors and the smell wasn't overpowering, the taste was beyond out of this world. The initial thought was they won't let me in because I had a huge stroller and I was babysitting at the time, but boy I was wrong. I fell in love with the staff. They were soooooo sooooo soooooo nice and were always engaging in conversation with me because I went alone and I was just the only one in there. I loved every single minute of eating in their establishment. Customer service was above and beyond, and the place decor was spectacular. Loved it!
I was really excited to try this place. The 4 of us did dinner here. The restaurant is small and quaint. Appetizers Chicken achari- moist, flavorful, delicious Paneer tikka- rubbery, chewy, no flavor disappointing Kurkuri bhindi- so good!!! Crispy n delicious!Chicken lollipop- it was definitely spicy i wish they were a bit more crispy.Entree-Butter chicken- this is the speciality and is as good as they say, creamy and delicious!Laal maas- spicy and yummyDaal makhni- decent ive had betterThe reason i give this place 3 stars is the service. We kept having to ask the servers for cutlery etc. they did not change plates after the appetizers, even then we ate our family style entrees in side plates which just got messy. Overall good reasonably priced food.
Pow! This place rocks. Incredibly well-seasoned, fresh, great quality dishes, including some unusual options.  We had the excellent bargain lunch specials ($10 and a nice varied list - not just the typical tikka masala and saag paneer). We are pretty easy-going with both spice and salt, so keep in mind that spicy means spicy, and that even dishes not marked as spicy may be more than you expect.  In our case, this was great - not the typically bland chana masala or dal.  Bold flavors to wake up your senses all the way! Very happy to have finally visited this place that has lingered on our list for a while.  We will gladly return again and again.
I came here with a friend using a Groupon and we really had a nice time. It was absolutely worth it. The location is great, as well as the ambiance and service - I have no complaints there. I'm vegan and was thrilled to see a vegan section on the menu with an abundance of delicious options. We ordered 2 side plates and 2 entrees. Both side plates came fried (not mentioned on the menu) and the complimentary chips on the table were glistening with oil. I ordered the spinach and yellow lentil dish which was flavorful and had just enough kick but I found it to be a bit runny. My friend and I both enjoyed the meal but I really would've liked to have known if things were fried or sauces that were used because I would've made different choices. If the menu got updated to be more clear I'd return but with the selection of Indian places here I have to say I'd prefer to try others.
Having seen what other Yelpers had already said about Malak Marke (food vs. service), we decided to try it out on a recent Friday night. We were met with strange service indeed - although we had a reservation, we were asked to wait outside until 20 minutes past our reservation time. Once we were seated, we were semi-ignored, giving us time to peruse the drink beer list (which was extensive, as others have mentioned - plus, three cheers for Sixpoint Bengal Tiger!), and decide our entire order. We started with some small plates that were really cool - unfortunately, their full menu isn't on their website, so I can't report exactly what we had. One was a potato patty that was pretty tasty, and the other was okra - surprising and really quite excellent. We went with dahl makhni & chana saag, but they brought us chana masala instead - oops. Two dishes that are pretty hart to mess up, so I won't go too overboard on praising them. The restaurant was chic, but very small, dark, and noisy. Overall, solid Indian food if you don't mind weird service, too-close tables, mood lighting, and loud club music.
The food was great, the naan was fresh and the chicken korma was creamy and flavorful. The decor was modern and had a nice vibe however the restaurant was way too dimly lit. It was a strain to read the menus and made the experience a little awkward.
This place is solid. 10/10. I tried finding better indian places in manhattan but I keep coming back here. This IS the best Indian food in Manhattan.Their spicy dishes are the best ones I've ever had. The spiciest one on the spicy club menu - DEFINITELY get it, with lamb. Their veggie ones are also delicious.I am going back tonight. I would eat here every other day but it's pretty unhealthy..... Otherwise I really would.
My wife and I have been here a few times for lunch, and we always try and go out of our way to make it here when in NYC.  We like everything about it.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is great.  But most importantly, the food is amazing.  We recently sampled the Chicken Chettinad and the Coondapur Kori.  Both dishes were completely different, yet equally delicious.  I really enjoyed the black pepper in the Chettinad, but found myself coming back to the Coondapu to dip my naan. Like most Indian food experiences, variety is the spice of life and I like sampling all different kinds of curries. Malai Marke serves their lunches with dal, naan and cabbage on the side. It's a nice touch, and adds to the experience. I highly recommend this place and I will savor the memory until the next time I'm in NYC.
Ah, yes, this was great!Went out with a friend last night and had a delightful time at Malai Marke. We were using a soon-to-expire Groupon, and I can't believe I hadn't been there before. The place is great!The decor is nice. It's a bit crowded, but what in the East Village isn't crowded? We had a 6PM reservation but arrived early, and were seated right away. Surprisingly, this place filled up by 6, which is still "morning" in that part of the city. Our groupon called for 2 glasses of wine, 2 small plates, 2 entrees, rice and naan.Our small plates were samosas (perfect!) and Imli Baigan, which was eggplant with a tamarind sauce. It was the perfect blend of sweet & spicy.For dinner I ordered Coondapur Kori, a very spicy chicken in a coconut curry. Out of this world delicious! My buddy had Keema Pudinewala, a minced lamb with mint leaves. Really, really great. Portions were generous and very spicy, which is what we like.We ordered garlic naan as well as regular, and everything was fresh, perfect and went very well with dinner. My friend decided to order a beer to help wash things down. Service was excellent. We had three people waiting on us, bringing us food and refilling out water. Would I recommend this place to a friend? Absolutely! I was making a list last night of all the people who would like to go here, and was thinking of putting together a group!If you're looking for excellent, authentic Indian food, and if you need a place which has great vegetarian and vegan options, give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
I used to work at a place named Angon on the Sixth right down the block from Malai Marke.  Out of the endless amount of Indian restaurants in this area, Angon had the best food of all in my not so humble opinion.  When I was between jobs after college I started working there to learn about running a restaurant, and also to get free, great Indian food.  They closed years ago during the recession, and since then I was clueless about where to get my Indian fix.  I heard the hype when Malai Marke opened and decided to check it out.  I've been there several times since, and I can confirm that it's the real deal.With a much more modern space and a diverse menu including unique dishes along with greatest hits, Malai Marke stands out.  You can get chicken tikka masala anywhere, so be a little more adventurous.  I haven't done much for appetizers except for the Tangra Chili Paneer.  If you want crisp chunks of cheese along with a spicy chili glaze, this is a great dish.  Naan here is on point although not quite the absolute best I've had.  The chicken rizzala is as rich a non-spicy dish as I've had in an Indian restaurant.  High quality chunks of chicken are in a nutty cream sauce that is addicting; I'd recommend including this especially if you're going to eat family style, as the sauce acts as a great spice killer.  For a spicy dish, I love the chicken chettinad.  It's a spicy curry dominated by fragrant peppercorns.  This is pretty much my go to dish at this point.  The bindi sasuralwali, described as an okra dish you'd be served at your in-laws house, is light years more pleasant than eating at your in-laws house.  In fact, it's the first okra dish I've ever liked.  Their rendition of chicken saag is also very good, but again I'd say to stay away from colonist dishes.  The best stuff is the homestyle, mainland Indian cuisine.There's a few other things worth noting here.  Malai Marke has a surprisingly good beer list, including a huge glass of Weihenstephaner Hefe Weiss--one of if not the best wheat beer in the world--for $7.  Service is very professional.  Whenever I'm in the area to get a haircut or pick up beer, I try to grab the lunch special.  For only $10, you get to pick one of their dishes and get daal, cabbage, rice and naan along with it.  For this quality that is an outstanding deal.  Add in the deals on Savour for this place, and it's a no brainer if you want Indian food in the Easy Village.  Malai Marke is not your average Indian restaurant and that's why it's the best Indian food in an area full of typical Indian restaurants.
Aweful customer service average food... My family was njoying their beers when server guy came to us for the third time my partner told him that we would like to njoy our beers leisurely and place an order for food in other 15 mins could you please bring another beer on that the server told him that you can't sit for this long .... I mean are you serious,on table for three my family was down 3 beers and wana to order another before ordering our food, and he told us this. It's not that we were sitting idle there.... And when bill comes I was charged $30 on my bill as a tip for a server.... I was not pleased with his service I had to wait five mins before he gave me proper cutlery to eat my food.... It was by no mean asking for courtesy tip... Food has same sauce no dimensions in flavours.... Naan was awesome,rest would never go there again....
I'm so excited I found this place, legit, non-pushy Indian on Curry Lane.I've tried about 4 other joints on this block, and Malai Marke stands out.#1, there are actually people eating in this restaurant#2, they serve things other than chicken tikki masala#3, the waitstaff is knowledgable We shared lemon rice, garlic naan, chicken in nut sauce, lamb with spinach and lentils.  The spice in all the dishes was perfect.The price seems to be a bit higher than other spots, but the food is so good it's worth it. We'll be back!
this is one of good places for Indian food. We found this place on yelp and went for dinner. We liked all the lamb preparations. Patiala kebab is worth trying.Would definitely  recommend this place.
One of New York's BEST.  The perfect combination of atmosphere, food and service.   A great place for a date or a night out with friends.  This place is not your great aunts favorite Indian restaurant this place is fun.  An eclectic, modern, NYC experience.  DELISH every time!
Ordered take out yesterday.  Naan was AMAZING.  But the Malai Marke Masala  (like paneer tikka masala) was covered in - no joke - one inch of oil!!!!  Everyone at the table I was at groaned when I opened my dish. Less oil please!
I was expecting a lot from this restaurant. I saw everyone's great reviews and thought I would try it out and order for lunch. I've never ordered so when I called I asked what their lunch specials were (I don't have a menu either). But I was told "check our website." Really? I did that and I called back to place my order. I waited for more than 50 minutes before finally deciding to call the restaurant and asking about the status. But they kept putting me on hold and then just hanging up. My order did eventually arrive shortly after calling and being hung up on a second time.Despite all that, that food was very savory.
Food - Malai Paneer is quite bland. Enjoyed the rahda pattis. Being a Mangalorean, i'd say the ajadina is not authentic. Lemon rice should have been less turmeric and more lemon. Best to stick with the north indian food. The lamb tangdi was good. Surprisingly there is no rice with the curries.Service - Great service. The servers were really patient. Better have a vooking as there arnt many tables.Ambience - I liked the handis adorning the wall. The place can feel crampy.Cost - ~$50 per pax. Ordered for the table. Was quite expensive for the kind of food.
This is a truly great indian restaurant.  Have dined in and gotten delivery.  When in the E. Village, I normally hem & haw about what of the very similar 6th street & surrounds places I will go to.  Happened to read a review of MM and so glad I did.  It's on a different level and shouldn't be put in the consideration set with the other generic places around.  For an added $2 extra per dish, you are getting 5X the quality.  All of the fish-based curries, the veg and the naan are exceptional.Favorites include the lamb dhansak, uchi bhaj and fish moilee.The delivery was fast, hot and on seamless there was a random "lamb dinner specials" section that came with a lot of delicious add-ons.  Don't believe this is an option for dine-in.
We went yesterday there. We were a party of twenty people. The service was great. Absolutely everybody with a smile in their face. We were a huge group so the deciding of what we will eat and drink took time. Those people were very patient and understood the situation. Very satisfied. Everybody was happy. The good was very delicious ànd everything came at the same time for all of us! I will be recommending this place in the future!
Wow! I went here for dinner with a few friends and was blown away with how great everything was, after tasting all my friends' dishes-as well as my own!   Whatever you get, make sure to also naan and some rice, since all dishes come with a lot of extra sauce to dip into! I will definitely be back again for dinner!  The ambiance and feel of the restaurant are very cozy, and this is a great place to take a date or a group of friends!
Delicious food, nice decor, nice staff. Sitting by the kitchen to watch the cooks through the window is fun.Groupon introduced me to Malai Marke, and I will return. (Btw, not a wine drinker so was able to get any other drink on the menu instead. Mango Lassi was good. Curious to try the Basil drink next time.)Small Plates:_ RAGARA PATTIES: delicious potato chickpea appetizer                                        Will order again._ KACHUMBER ALOO: cold, cuc salad                                           Tangy, as it says. Might order again.Chicken:_ MURGH KORMA: very creamy almond sauce                                    Was good. Will try the Chicken Rizzala (cashew gravy) next time.Vegan:_ BINDI SASURALWALI: Okra, "just the way momma makes it" as they say.               The friendly Manager, Kumar, said "sasuralwali" means home made               and he recommended it over the okra dish in the Vegetarian section.Papadam, naan, plain basmati rice and tamarind chutney were good. Mint chutney could use a lil spice.Will return! Also, will try their new restaurant soon to open on 34th & 9th. Have been to many of their sister restaurants, all good as well.
I have never had food here, either had a takeout or had it delivered. The decor is dimly lit and gives a warm & cozy feel although the sitting arrangement is of the skinny hallway. Their menu is very interesting with lot of diff varieties of Indian food from different states of India being served here.Food -I had veggie food twice - Malai Kofta and in non-veg had the Malai Marke Chicken Makhni. Both were pretty flavorful and tasty. Pretty decent amount of spice although if you are into spicy food I definitely would recommend turn the notch up on spice one or two when ordering. Verdict - Would definitely visit more often to try out their other delicacies. Just hope their quality doesn't dwindle down as I have experienced with some other good Indian places.
Note: I am being spectacularly harsh in this review because in all honesty, Malai Marke is a good restaurant.  But I kind of expected more after reading a lot of the reviews here.I went on a double date here on a Saturday night.  We made reservations for 4 at 6pm, but I think we would have been okay just walking in without a reservation.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance, although the booth are wooden and not padded, so they might hurt after a bit of sitting if you're delicate like myself.You get a free plate of "chips" (Indian style, thin wafers than an uncultured waif like myself doesn't know what to call) with chili-mint chutney, tamarind chutney, and a pickled tomato-onion mix.  All three were great, but I particularly like the tamarind chutney.We started with two shared appetizers: the fried okra (Kurkuri bindi) & the Ragara Patties (Potato patties with chickpeas, yogurt and chutnies).  The fried okra has been written about a lot, but I thought it was just okay.  The slice are cut very very thin so there is a huge batter to okra ratio, which I didn't really like.  I wanted more okra.  I also thought that the dish didn't have much actual flavor to it, although it had a nice texture.  The Ragara Patties again weren't particularly strong in terms of flavor, although it was creamy and spicy, there wasn't much actual SPICE or salty/savoriness to it.  I wouldn't order it again.For our main courses, I had the lamb dhansak, which has spinach and lentils.  It was only mildly spicy and the flavor was a bit one note.  My husband ordered the chicken coondupoor kori, which was good.  The sauce was my thick and savory sweet.  The chicken was moist and well cooked.One of our friends ordered the Chicken Murgh Makhni, which is basically chicken cooked in a creamy, sweet and savory Indian style tomato sauce with green chilies (but it's not that spicy).  It was my favorite sauce of the night actually.  The other friend ordered a paneer curry dish which I did not try, but which she seemed to enjoy.We also ordered one order of lemon rice and one order of coconut rice, plus one garlic naan and one paneer cheese naan (silently redundant name).  One order of rice is more than enough for two people.  I liked the texture of the coconut rice, since it does have shredded coconut in it, but both rices were rather mild in flavor and clearly very oily or buttery.  The naan was also very mild in flavor just okay.  I've had better and more garlicky naan at other restaurants, so I wasn't very impressed.For dessert, we ordered the Gulab Jamun, which is there fried cardamom infused dough balls served in a simple syrup.  I loved this.  It was light and fragrant and all around delicious.  I would happily order this again!  All five of us split this dessert, so everyone tried one little ball (the size of a gumball) and I got to have 2 or 3 because I liked it the most haha.Service was okay.  Several time we had to flag down waiters/servers who were ignoring us, but once we got their attention, things were fine.  Food didn't take that long to come out.I wouldn't mind going back, but I would definitely go back for their lunch deal and not their dinner, which costs almost 2x as much for the same menu items.
Took my mom here last Saturday night. Food was good... Not spectacular, but average as usual! We both had the murgh makhani (butter chicken) though the waiter tried to discourage us from getting the same thing and push us toward lamb?  Nahh man. I know what I like. The thing that bothered me was that in the restaurant they charge you $3 for plain rice with your entree (you have to order it). But with takeout/delivery the rice comes included. Same portions. What the hell is that??? So from now on I'll make sure I get delivery... That's free too!  Cheaper to eat at home.
Very standard modern indian restaurant with a lot of seating. Friends and I all tried a lamb dish, shrimp dish, and chicken dish. We also had regular naan and garlic naan. The garlic naan was a little too much, I felt like I was choking on garlic, which I guess might be a good thing if your taste buds are burnt out from the peppers and you need heavier stimulants. The food was good, but nothing spectacular, prices and service was okay.
I stumble across this place when my friends and I were craving the usual; Indian and of course our usual Indian spot was closed because they are in the middle of moving and renovating. *It's not your typical Indian food resturant.  side note: great vegan options!They have a really fun menu but they also have all the norms; Tandoori, Masala and Curry items with a fun twist. I really loved the different rice options they offer. You can choose between, White Rice with Peas (the norm) Coconut Rice or Lemon Rice. All very yelpalicious! I got to try them all since I was with group for dinner (cha ching) my favorite was the Lemon Rice.You also get to choose 3 different types on naan with your meal or opt to try all three, all amazing, you can't go wrong (good thing I went to the gym before hand - talk about carb overload.They deserve all five stars. Not only did every person at our table of 6 enjoy and love the food, the service was also yelptastic. They we're so helpful, attentive, so nice and gave great suggestions. They get two snaps and circle
As a Desi girl, I've had my fair share of Indian/Desi food and Malai Marke does a great job with its food! A little pricy, like most Indian restaurants, but the food is definitely worth it!! I'm a huge fan of the chicken rizzala, a creamy, yogurt based green curry that is pretty mild (though can be spicier for those of us who love heat). Be forewarned, they do NOT include rice with their curries/dishes, you have to ask (and pay) for it. The meat here is quite tender and all the dishes are creamy and flavorful. Defintely one of the best Indian places around.
A very generous helping, paired with a delicious assortment of menu items, including extensive vegetarian and vegan options, made for an excellent dining experience. Be warned, it isn't a large restaurant, and seating for five required an accommodation, so plan accordingly!
A hidden gem in the east village. Had the chicken tilkka masala and the saag paneer on the lunch special. Wow. Amazing food and exceptional service at a great price.
Last night we want toMalai Marke, restaurent was not very busy, we ordered sheek kebab as an appetizer. 30 min after waitercame and said there is no sheek kebab, we asked why? He said tandoo oven is notworking properly. Chef try to make several times but did not work, would you like any other appetizer . Our question is why after 30 min they inform us. ?They should tell us before that. ?Is this funny .Does customer to restaurant for fun?? Channa masala  was very ordinary and test less , roti was very thick. We don't like it. Free roshmalai did not recover our pain
My favorite new Indian restaurant (and I'm obsessed, so that should say a lot.)I am giving five stars for their huge menu, deliciously spiced food, and explicit vegan and vegetarian menu with the option to substitute paneer and vegetables for the meat in several curries.  They also have everything from chicken to lamb for the meat-eaters, never fear.I will note that I LOVE spicy food and like ordering vindaloo "extra spicy" and the four-chile dishes at Szechuan restaurants.  I ordered one of their spicy curries (they have a special "hot" section of the menu) and, while it had a great flavor in addition to being hot, it was shockingly spicy!!  It's the hottest Indian dish I've ever received.  My husband tried one bite and wouldn't touch it.  So BEWARE of the spicy section.  Me, I will be back.Service is par for the course, they won't accommodate allergies, and the restaurant is a bit loud, but I really, really loved the food and that both vegetarians/vegans and dedicated meat-eaters can both feel completely satisfied.
The service is good. The food is above average. Good stuff with reasonable price. I love the mongo lassi!
This is my second visit, and it remains just an outstanding experience and my favorite Indian in NYC. The garlic nan and my chicken with the nutty sauce were amazing. I will keep returning.
I've often enjoyed the food here, though the quality is far less good than it used to be, and the service has dropped off a lot. I called in an order for chicken biryani today just after they reopened at 5 pm. I walked over 15 minutes later to pick it up, and walked into a restaurant without customers. Servers and cooks just standing around. The manager asks me: chicken biryani? I say yes, expecting my completed order to be in a bag. He walks into the kitchen (which has big open windows) and tells them to make my chicken biryani. I ask why my order wasn't ready, or at least started. Instead of apologizing he gives me a dumb smirk and says they didn't take the order. As I stood there watching them prepare my food, everybody in the kitchen was laughing, smiling, giving me sniggering looks like it was all a big joke. There's a dozen or more Indian restaurants within a block. From now on I'm taking my business elsewhere. Goodbye Malai Marke.
The food is good and traditional. The problem is the price. I can't get on board with paying 5 dollars for a tiny piece of naan or a tiny cup of yogurt to go with my meal. I would definitely recommend taking advantage of the lunch specials to get the most bang for your buck.
OUR favorite Indian restaurant to date. always the flavors I expect and the service we enjoy. My babe has to enjoy the milder things but I can order anything on the menu even the dal is seasoned to perfection. No matter how long we stay away they remember us or seem to when we return! Vegetarian options are of course flavored deliciously and the lamb/ chicken is authentically seasoned. Not just decorated beautifully, the spices on the wall are cooked to order!
One of my new favorite indian places in the city Came during the winter that just wouldn't end, so ordered a slew of hearty food. The chicken tikka masala was fantastic as was the bindi sasuralwali.BTW, don't be surprised when you walk in and see that no one is there.. the restaurant is an odd U shape, and for some reason, seat people in the other side of the room.
My boyfriend and I absolutely loved this restaurant! The service was impeccable and was only to be surpassed by the food. The complimentary appetizer was delicious. I don't know the name, but it was similar to chips and salsa/dip.We went here with a groupon for 2 people and the deal included naan, bastmati rice, any 2 appetizers and any 2 entrees with 2 glasses of wine. We ordered the chili chicken appetizer and Jhinga Luchi (creamy shrimp appetizer served with some fabulous bread). For entrees, my bf had the Lamb Madras and I had the Goat Kadai. I love spicy food, so I requested that they made it a tad bit spicier than they usually wood. I cannot stress enough that everything was amazing delicious - so delicious in fact that we plan to return this weekend with friends in tow. We've been searching for a few quality restaurant to frequent, and this is definitely one of them.
The lunch specials are a fantastic deal for the amount of food that you get! The entrees are nicely spiced and tasty - they also ask how spicy you'd like your dishes and cook them to order. Excellent service and ambience as well.
In the mood for some Indian, I followed the Yelp rating on this one--and boy did it not disappoint. More familiar with Curry Hill than Curry Row, this was my first outing to E. 6th Street. I've had Brick Land and Banjara on my lists but this place is fairly new, so I went with the trend.For a $ restaurant I assumed was more of a takeout/delivery place, MM was a surprise. It's full of those new-Indian touches of exposed brick and hanging brass and aluminum chafing dishes so prevalent on Murray Hill's Indian dining scene. Around 7 pm, the place was nearly empty, but around 7:30, the business really picked up, with the after-work dinner crowd filling the seats (motor-mouth ad execs, spiffed up mafioso types celebrating, and bff dinner nights).Service was pretty good, consisting of the owner/manager, the hostess/waitress, and  the chef (toque an all), who was actually the one bringing out all the dishes, which I found interesting. Maybe this is a special treat because they haven't been around that long, maybe they are between waiters, or maybe the waiter is disguised as the chef to impress us, but I didn't mind the effect whatsoever.Finally, the food ranged from very good to excellent. The mulligatawny was tasty and fresh, albeit more bisquy than the SO likes (nothing wrong with chunky mulligatawny). The Pav Bhaji (delicately spiced mashed potatoes served with pao bread) were excellent. Our naan was hot from the oven and solid. My lamb phaal curry was a legitimate three-chili pepper dish, far spicier than vindaloo, but not so fiery that you can't appreciate the various flavors. There were three other dishes in the "Spice Club" category, with one earning four chili peppers. If you're a spice-fiend, you'll want to check it out. Though I didn't have any room left for my beloved desserts, I did get us masala chais, which come piping hot in small glasses (watch your fingers!) and provide a great non-alcoholic digestif. Speaking of booze, they have a full beer and wine menu, with plenty of solid options like Stone IPA and Weihenstephaner. Definitely a curry joint to put on your list.
Solid Indian food, but skip the Indian Chinese items (expensive and doesn't taste at all like what it should).  Mango lassi was 2 stars (not much mango flavor and quite one note).  But the paneer malai marke was delicious, as were many of their other dishes we tried (the pumpkin and ginger is unique and yummy).  Gulab jamun was okay but a very small portion (you get three quarter size balls in an order).  They are also good at accommodating big groups.
Nice and cute restaurant. A lot of Indian people eat there, which means it must be authentic.
I had dinner here a couple of nights ago and enjoyed myself. Nice decor. Friendly staff. It seems like the waitstaff work as a team - various waitstaff checked on me and my guest throughout the evening.Great food. My only complaint was there were no cocktails.
Babu Ji  maxed out so we needed a back up dinner spot.  Came here on a Friday night with some friends.  They have a huge menu with the very unique dishes along with the traditional north Indian curry's.  It might sound weird, but the Pumpkin Sabji was delicious!  You should definitely eat this next time you dine here.I would definitely recommend this place.  The staff is very helpful and we had a great dinner.Dishes we enjoyed-channa sag, pumpkin sabji, channa masala, coconut rice, samosa, tandoori chicken, lamb chop, garlic naanYum yum!  Thanks to the yelp reviewsNote: Make sure you tell them how you want your lamb cooked or they will kill it.... again!!
Great Indian food (I'm Indian)! Highly recommend. We got the paneer tikka appetizer, malai marke shahi paneer and vegetable balti. We also goon garlic naan and chili onion naan. Will definitely be going back. This and Bukhara are my two favorite Indian restaurants in the city now.
Disclaimer: I only ordered delivery from here, but man was it good.I called for delivery because I needed to make sure everything was vegan. Chana Masala (asked them to make it vegan), roti (like naan but vegan; they were very good at answering all my questions), vegetable samosa, and all that good stuff. Got my order and it was tons of food! They even included papadum (the really thin crispy stuff) and this sort of gummy, sweet cinnamon stuff in a cup (what is this? it's amazing! I have to find out). The delivery came when they said it would. Everything was so tasty. I'd definitely order from here again since they were so accommodating and the food was so good! Looking forward to my leftovers!
