Fast delivery, amazing food. Great lo mein. Follows order instructions.
It would have been 4 stars if my food wasn't 50 minutes late. I scheduled a delivery and it was almost an hour late. Sadly the delivery guy didn't even know it was that late. The food was decent and will solve your sushi craving but it wasn't the best. The crunch tuna roll was pretty soggy and the miso soup was bland. The tuna roll and eel avocado roll I ordered though were pretty good. Also they do not give soy sauce packets but rather small containers of it (which makes it really easy to spill in the bag if you're ordering delivery or take out - and yes it did spill). The 3 rolls for $15.95 deal is pretty good but I would recommend eating there if you can.
A hidden gem when looking for a bite to eat near Penn Station. I work nearby and come here at least once a week for lunch. I've gotten everything on the menu from sushi to chinese style chicken and rice, as well as thai drunken noodles and everything has been great.I didn't have an amazing first experience when sitting down to eat here for lunch, although they do have some outdoor seating which is enticing when it's nice out. For now I'll be sticking to take out. Make sure you order well in advance before going to pick up, as there's always a wait and it's super disorganized when waiting to get your food.The sushi is better than a few other spots south of 34th street, so I'll always choose this place over others even though its a little bit of a walk. I've never gotten a bad roll!
Went here last night and had a good time. The servers were friendly. The music was mixed some hip hop and Spanish music and it wasn't too loud. I order the lobster roll ... a maz ing . The drinks were good. I didn't love the strawberry cooler. But the mojito passion fruit was delicious and strong :)I am definitely going to come back. The prices were also reasonable. Only complaint they didn't refill my water.
I stumbled upon Asura when I was looking for a quick place to grab a bite to eat befor a performance at MSG...and I'm so glad I did! I managed to make it in time for happy hour (BOGO cocktails and $2 wine/beer, half off rolls, indoor seating only). The cocktails were average and were not particularly spectacular (although they wouldve been tastier if better quality alcohol was used), but I'm not too mad at it for the price. On the other hand, the food was was pleasant surprise, and surpassed my expectations. I had a very enjoyable dinner (spring rolls, chow fun and shrimp & broccoli) and left very satisfied. I'll definitely be back again sometime soon!
We were staying at the Wingate by Wyndham and this restaurant in on the ground floor. We tried the busy and quirky bar in the afternoon so decided to try the restaurant as we had an early start the next day. The restaurant is quite small but the service excellent. The food was superb but filling. Definitely worth a try
This place was a great find. We were at the patio of the Renaissance Hotel across the street and ventured over after seeing the stellar reviews. From the second we opened the door the entire experience was great. The music was the first thing that I noticed, they had a great mix of hip hop and electronic. The service was great, we got seated immediately and the staff was helpful in describing the food items and offering recommendations. I had one of the $5 hand rolls which was phenomenal and the Malaysian chicken curry is what I think it was called. They were both very very tasty and I would highly recommend them. Great experience overall!
Really excellent and extensive menu options. I was there for lunch (they have a specific lunch menu that comes with soup for cheap) and enjoyed my choice. I had the wonton soup which was delicious! For my entree I had the General Tsos chicken with rice. They gave a generous portion considering it was only a lunch special. Unfortunately the service was super slow. We never even got refills on our water. I would definitely recommend simply ordering and picking up from this place instead of eating in. Their bento boxes were also awesome though!
Average sushi, bad service. Went there on a Saturday afternoon and ate the whole meal with no water, even if I asked for a refill twice. The restaurant was very understaffed; I dislike leaving bad reviews when you can clearly tell the servers were struggling to keep everyone happy, but, my experience was terrible.
If you're looking for tasty excellent Asian flavors than this is the spot for you!!!  Awesome lunch specials, fast service and large portions. I had the Thai crispy fish fillet with bell peppers, the fish was cook perfectly and the sauce was mouthwatering good. I had to take a star off because the presentation of my meal was extremely sloppy, it seem like the chef just threw the food on my plate.
Love coming here for their happy hour specials. It has become our go-to place for me and my roommates whenever we want to grab dinner/drinks. Asura is an Asian fusion restaurant and the menu consists of a wide selection of Chinese, Thai, Japanese dishes. Our group usually orders a couple of different things and share. The cocktails here are great! Happy hour is 4-8pm at the bar and dine-in - and cocktails are buy one get one free - which comes out to $5 per drink. I recommend the lychee martini and sangria here! The bartender can adjust the sweetness for you if you don't like your drinks being too sweet - just tell your server!During happy hour, they also have buy one get one 50% off on all the special and house special rolls - which is a good deal! I've enjoyed their sushi here every time.  We've sampled the Manhattan Roll, Rainbow Row, Asura Roll, and all of them are delicious and beautifully presented. For food, I've had their Beef with Spicy Green Chili Pepper dish, Pad Thai, Tom Yum soup dishes we are all pretty good. You can make reservations in advance, although there is not usually a wait on weekdays. Great place to catch up with friends over food and drinks!
I was originally getting a to-go order, but the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was inviting. My order came out quickly; A very delicious and lightly spiced shrimp Singapore Noodles. The staff was friendly and attentive. The prices for this touristy part were very fair. I will definitely be back!
Good food, nice service, place was packed, especially at the bar, we enjoyed it and will be back
Great little spot on the way to MSG. Better than the greasy over priced options. Super fast and friendly service.I had the flat noodles and my wife had the fried rice.  While they don't have a gluten free menu they were open to changing up as needed.  They also had tamari which is a perfect replacement for soy sauce.
Stumbled upon this gem when we were hungry in Time Square and craving Asian food. This place is about a 10 minute walk south of Time Square attached to a hotel but SO worth it. The drinks were strong (Happy Hour included BOGO Free on their house cocktails - WINNING!). Food was delicious and the servers were very friendly. We tried a few items: Lo Mein, Pad Thai and Thai wings. Also had some whisky/sangria drink and a cucumber/sake thing. Both were fantastic!! Don't be fooled by the size or the fact that it's tucked away and part of a hotel. It is delicious Asian food that won't break the bank. Note: they only have one restroom for men and women so be prepared to wait if you need it. Other than that - definitely try it!!
Bad service n food is just so so...Rude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Go somewhere else.............. Very noise!!!!!!!!!
I was walking by and barely noticed this place.    The food was delicious.  I got 3 rolls and a miso soup.  It was a great value for the price.
Happy hour is 4-8 and it's not just at the bar. It's BOGO 50% off the special and house special rolls,    $2 off beer and wine (not a very good selection), and BOGO free cocktails, which comes out to about $5 each. The cocktails are great! I'm normally not a huge fan because they're usually overly sweet but Asura makes it right - strong! Plus, they come in these huge glasses. Onto the food. My friend and I decided to order some sushi and a noodle dish to share, since we were craving sushi but also wanted to try something else. We ordered the Manhattan roll (shrimp tempura and cucumber, topped with spicy crunchy tuna, masago, spicy mayo, and eel sauce), the Sakana roll (yellowtail and avocado, topped with tuna and salmon), and the Malaysian Chow Fun (flat rice noodles with bean sprouts, eggs and chilli paste). The Manhattan roll was just okay but it might be because I'm not a huge fan of tempura. The Sakana roll was very good. The fish tasted fresh and there was a good amount in there. The Malaysian chow fun wasn't the best I've had, but I wasn't expecting it to be. It was actually pretty good for an "Asian fusion" place. Asura has been on my Yelp list for a while so I'm just sad that I didn't try it out sooner. I'll definitely be back for some more cocktails and sushi!
Ordered Chicken Pad Thai to go - order was made quickly, and the staff was excellent. The food, however, left everything to be desired. Despite all the ingredients being visible - chicken, sprouts, shallots, tofu - there was no flavor. I'm not exaggerating when I say complete blandness. The sriracha helped but after ten bites I couldn't stomach it any longer. In NYC, this is unacceptable.
Can't wait to come back here. Beautiful space and not very big, so it's not too noisy. I got there around 12:30on a weekday and it was perfect timing. Service was fast and the my Thai green curry with chicken was fantastic. I would definitely order it again. My friend got the Beef Fried Rice which also looked great. Already told my coworkers we are coming back. Will definitely check out their Happy Hour too.
Sushi was very fresh, very good.  We weren't in a hurry but our food arrived quickly (maybe too fast) which is good to know if we wanted something fast before catching a train.   Good happy hour deals with friendly service.  Four stars only due to the medium vote my fellow diner had about the pad Thai noodles.
For a Saturday night, I think they should've had more staff. The service was slow and I had to remind my server about multiple things (no silverware, they completely forgot to bring our drink order, forgot parts of our meal). Our server was pleasant, but obviously overworked. Food was ok, but more so salty than flavorful. We got yaki udon and shrimp & broccoli as our entrees; nothing to rave about. If I go back, I'll prefer to try my luck on their sushi.
The food was excellent and the wait staff very hospitable.   Had the happy hour special the strawberry cooler which was awesome.   The pork gyoza was a favorite.  This place is our new spot before the Ranger games.
Excellent find. Extremely friendly. Clean. Delicious sushi at great price for the city- lunch special has 3 rolls plus soup/salad for 12.95!
Great Asian experience. I really don't know what New York does with its food but whatever it is Asura takes advantage of the whole situation. Got some Pan Thai, honey basil chicken, and sushi. All of them made me want to hug the chef. Also if you go during happy hour it's BOGO free on cocktails and BOGO half off on speciality sushi rolls. This led to a delicious vodka strawberry cooler and some rum jalapeño mix. They made them nice and strong for those looking for an undercover bar spot. The Manhattan roll and fried fish roll are a must try if you're a sushi fan. Very helpful waitress' I think we got every staff members opinion on every choice we made. They all gave their own opinion and mentioned their personal favorites; as well as fan favorites. (Which was funny because we tried to ask an underage server on her cocktail preference and she just stares like "I have no idea let me ask someone who is 21") Given they weren't busy when we were dining, but it felt like we had three servers coming back to the table asking how we liked everything. Of course I'm just sitting there shoving food into my mouth like "mmmhmm gud food, burp*"
Had the chicken and broccoli in white sauce instead of brown on menu.  It was perfectly prepared and delicious!
Good was amazing! But service is terrible. Took forever to get seated and get our order taken, only a party of two! Food came out quickly though and was really good. Throughout the night it was near impossible to see our server again, there were only two girls for the whole restaurant. Probably wouldn't go back except for the bar or apps.
Asura has very good food and is very reasonably priced. The outdoor seating is so a plus. Additionally, the service was fantastic! The portions are so very generous, which was a big time plus.
Great food at a reasonable price. Happy hour is the best! Drinks are two for one and some rolls are buy one half off the next. Definitely recommend!
Being in NYC for the first time can be super overwhelming when trying to find a good food joint. Luckily, this was my 2nd time in the big apple. Still though, I felt like there was a lot that I hadn't tried. I was asking around for a good sushi spot, but didnt really get any solid leads. I went on yelp and decided to give Asura a shot. I was immediately seated by the hostess. I was alone so I was quickly approached by the Manager (which I thought was odd at first) but made some good small talk with me. Anyway, being a Cali native is a different lifestyle. The rolls we have out here are still really different that of what Asura had to offer (or anything east coast for that matter). My server was really attentive and knowledgable of the menu. I asked her for recommendations, and she brought out a tuna roll. Food was superb! I also tried the noodles with shrimp. Like I said, the food was on point. The service was also very fast and efficient. You can choose to sit and eat at the bar, or one of their tables inside. There is also room in the back if your the outdoor type. The environment makes you feel get the big city feel as well: small tables, dim candle centerpieces, and nice dinnerware. Overall, a solid 4 star joint.
Want authentic amazing sushi? Go. Here. Now. With impeccable service and even better sushi (especially for the area) there is no question this is the real deal.
came for a friend's birthday, and was a little disappointed their dessert menu was literally just a few flavors of ice cream. the place is tucked off to the side of the hotel through the bar. i enjoyed the pork buns, but the curry puff i've had better. the sushi rolls were decent but i've had better salmon. my friend did try out the fried fish filet entree which was nicely battered and flavored but seemed to be mostly batter. some things were good some were ok so it leaves me with a 3 star rating. good experience but i've had better. service was ok. there were 3 waitresses but they were busy running around almost overwhelmed half the time but were very nice nonetheless.
Cheap, delicious food, great service, good happy hour, quiet and well decorated atmosphere. Shrimp tempura rolls is worth the extra $1 by far.
I had an awesome time at Asura tonight! I normally don't hang out in the area around Penn Station because there isn't normally much there but tonight I read the Yelp reviews and decided to give it a try and I was glad I did. The bartender Christine was awesome and told us that it was her last night at Asura (good luck puppeteering!) I'm not sure what the name of our drink was, but she made it consistently well. There are a few tables outside, but because of the weather the group I was with sat at the bar. The bar crowd was friendly and we spent the night laughing and talking with everyone there. In the back there was a small seating section for regular dine in customers but since we were having such a good time at the bar we ordered there. I had the Thai Pineapple Fried Rice with Chicken. It was a good portion and very tasty. Other people in our party had various sushi rolls and enjoyed them too. All in all, I had a great time there and would visit again.
Really good and not that expensive. Got salmon avocado, sweet yam, and fire on the snow
Great food great service. The owner knew my name the second time I was there and made sure all my wants and needs as a customer was met.
No complaints, no real compliments either. Fairly average sushi, fairly okay prices. There's not a lot in this part of midtown, so it has location going for it.
Came in for early pre-concert dinner. Lunch must be the busy time. Had tau foo soup and Malaysian chow fun. Too bad they don't serve with belachan sauce but did give us hot sauce. Well-done. Understand chef is Malaysian. As we used to live there, good karma.
The braised pork belly buns, triple cooked pork and the sushi are amazing dishes! Full of flavor and very attentive service. The pinnacle of the experience was the two-for-one happy hour drinks! Cant beat that anywhere in midtown, and the bartender was on point with the mixed drinks. One of my favorite spots for lunch/dinner. I ordered take-out once and it was painstakingly slow though.
Out bartender Kevin is amazing at mixing drinks, let him know what you like to drink and he will make something tasty and special for you! Great happy hour and decent prices for Manhattan.
Yay I love this place! The owner, Cindy, is great, and I love the bartender, Christina. She rocks and makes a mean cocktail. (Get the Northern Lights!) They have a great Happy Hour special and I love their food. The sushi is always fresh and I really like their Pad Thai. (It's huge!)  It's always really fast, they're super attentive, and since it's so hidden, it's usually pretty chill. Plus they have Rainbow Tango and other cool events in the back sometimes.
The quality of the food, level of customer service and overall atmosphere make this spot very desirable. We had dinner here on a weekend night and were impressed with the freshness and preparation of the sushi and other menu items. I recommend the shrimp tempura appetizer and several of the sushi rolls. Happy hour on weekends was so a plus. Highly recommended.
Our server, Lily, was terrific.  She really made for a great evening.  The drinks were good and so was the food.  Will definitely be back again.  (I think the guy complaining about the chicken wings should stop going to Asian restaurants for chicken wings.  I bet he goes to McDonald's for burgers....)
I was kind of skeptical coming here since it replaced a restaurant that i learned to love (the bartender at the previous restaurant was super sweet) But this place is amazing. The food is good, the price is great and i love the bartender!!! He makes the drinks with an extra kick, he's very friendly and he turned me into a regular customer. I even invited my friends here. I love this restaurant.Ask for Kevin if you want strong drinks!!
There has been a few times Yelp steers me wrong and this was one of them. When we walked in there was a dance group taking over half the restaurant doing the tango and what I can assume is the fox trot. Luckily this ended within 15 min of our arrival, the music  and awkward dance moves just overpowered the restaurant. The restaurant is below/part of a Wingate hotel. All of these experiences just did not make me think much of the atmosphere. I think half of the greatness of dining in NY is the atmosphere so this is where it started to decline. The service took awhile, like 10 min before they took our order. We got our food and it was just odd like different flavors than what we are used to. The teriyaki chicken looked like the grilled frozen chicken and then pour teriyaki sauce on top., The chicken and broccoli was very saucy, overpowering. The sauce also tasted different than we were used to. My sushi was pretty good but I can find better sushi places elsewhere.
How do you screw up chicken wings ( bloody on the inside ) or a bento box? Well this crew has certainly figured it out. Add poor service and watery drinks and that's what you get here. Try again Asura !!!
Great food, very tasty. Prices are reasonable our female server Cindy wasn't too friendly. Overall the ambiance was relaxing and clean. I will definitely come back when I'm in NY again.
Rainy day in NYC, so were looking for the closest sushi option possible, and found this spot within a block of our apartment. Solid sushi bar, with a variety of other asian fare. They have all of your standard sushi rolls for $4-$6/roll, and then two pages of $10-$15 specialty rolls. They also had a bunch of japanese, thai, and chinese entrees. Friend had the hibachi and was a big fan. Overall, definitely recommended for a quite sushi bite
Solid, cheap Japanese, Chinese, Thai mix-Asian bistro. Not fancy but yummy food.
Hole in the wall, but decent sushi and noodles. Crab Rangoon was good. Wine was well worth the $8, but not the best cab sauv I've ever had. The waitress wasn't great and wasn't very attentive. Further, she explained all rolls were 50%, but when the bill came only one of them was 50% off. When questioned, she said it was buy one, get one 50% off, which was not our understanding. If you miss a train and need to bid your time, not a bad joint.
This place is a gem in the often touristy and overpriced area around Penn Station. We were on our way to the Bolt bus stop, and were in the mood for sushi- I'm so glad we found Asura! The sushi is fantastic and reasonably priced (get the maki special or buy one get one 1/2 off special rolls) and our bartender Kevin made us great cocktails, plus they were two for one! He was also super friendly and the ambience was nice- good music, classy decor... We will definitely be back! I highly recommend Asura for a nice dinner and drinks near penn station.
If you need a refuge from midtown insanity,  what a better way to have toothsome drinks with a knowledgeable bartender. Asura hits the spot with awesome drinks and service. Try to request a drink from Kevin! Amazing!
Seriously forget this place. Im done with their awful snobby service and low quality drinks. This was one of the worst service experience I've ever had in the city. Food was okay. Not worth it.
The first time I visited and ordered the Thai Pineapple Fried Rice, it was a pretty good visit. Yesterday was awful. I give two stars because the staff are so friends... The food was horrible. I I ordered the calamari as an appetizer and it was the most gummy calamari I have ever tasted. It was also extremely breaded, in a batter than tasted a little stale. The ginger salad had a strange aftertaste, and my entree was just as bad. The tamarind sauce was okay, but the fish was super mushy  and threw off the entire meal. My friend ordered the teriyaki chicken, which was actually worst than my meal. Her chicken was very light, seeming not grilled, as described. She complained that her wonton soup was flavorless. Not to mention that we ordered two Thai Ice Teas and they were practically sugar free. In a nutshell, I won't be returning.
Visited the bar here, they have some great drinks and friendly bartenders. Also ordered an eel avocado roll and it was very good. I'd want to come back to try their lunch specials/other food items. The space is clean, simple & casual.
Found this restaurant via Yelp mobile app while in NY for business. My recommendation: Go for lunch, sit at sushi bar and say hello to the sushi chef. I ordered the lunch special that included sashimi and a roll. Also ordered a couple pieces of nigiri. The tuna was super fresh and the fat content of the salmon made it melt in your mouth good.Nice people, attentive service, very good sushi.
There is absolutely nothing special about this place. Bland Asian food. Spicy Thai steak kew was not spicy. Chicken chow fun was unimpressive. Prices are very reasonable and happy hour drink prices until 9:00 on a Wednesday so it is good value. If you just want to fill up cheap then it's fine.
A great find in midtown west! Fresh sushi rolls that are packed with great tasting fish. The lunch specials are endless and delicious. This is my go to sushi spot for lunch.
Great service and it's right near work. The prices aren't outrageous. They give a large portion for a carry out and food taste delicious
Asura is a very solid, tasty, value choice for those who want a restaurant very close to Penn Station that offers a wide variety of great-tasting menu items in a nice atmosphere for a price that to me is low for NYC.  I had the green curry with tofu dish as well as crispy basil tofu and thought both were delicious.  Wonton and miso soups were notable too.  Staff was courteous.  Great for casual dates and small group meetings.
This little restaurant is a great stop for sushi on the way to do some Herald square shopping.   The sushi chef and staff are charming and friendly.   The place has a really positive, cool vibe.  Delicious wafts of asian fusion foods being preppared in the kitchen below the sushi bar told me we must return to try the hot menu.   Happy Hour for drinks and sushi was a pleasant surprise!
Great variety of food and very reasonable prices, especially for the area. Service was timely. Food was served in a not so convenient order though. Would recommend and would return!
Cute atmosphere and nice bartender. I had the Thai green curry lunch special and it was absolutely delicious. Will be back again!
I decided to try Asura for lunch after reading some of the Yelp reviews. The service is great, and the sushi is delicious! I'll definitely be back!
I think fellow yelpers have this one wrong. Food was below average at best. Sushi was not fresh, sushi rice lacked flavor. Pad Thai was bad. I think some tourists might have pumped up the rating here not knowing nyc standards.
The food here was delicious!! Whether you're looking for a classic General Tso's Chicken dish or sushi rolls everything is made extremely well and delicious. Decent prices and nice happy hour drink specials. This was a last minute choice for us and so glad we made it. Will definitely be back.
Take Kevin the bartender's recommendation and order the Black Pepper Tuna roll. Great service from very personable staff, will definitely come back. Deliver to Brooklyn? :)
I have to say that the owner and her son (at least I think they owned the restaurant) is what made this experience wonderful!!  I don't know if they are just starting up or have been here a while, but customer service is top notch!  Kevin, was so wonderful in offering my friends and I drink and menu deals (2 for 1 drinks and 1/2 sushi prices with purchase of one full price sushi item) and was fun to converse with!  He mixed amazing drinks!  I loved the mango margarita and lycheetini!  I got the Malaysian Chow fun and beef was succulent and noodles were broad based with brown salty sauce-- just the way I like it!  I will definitely be back for drinks and food!  ;)
I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  It's a hole in the wall and a mix of a variety of Asian cuisine. I had the beef noodle soup, which was very good. The beef was tender and well seasoned. The ramen noodles were fresh and the right consistency. The soup base was savory and warm.  The bok choy was nice and tender. My friends ordered different curries and one said the green curry was the best he ever had. I'll have to come back and try it. The interiors could use some design but the food and service are good. Had a little trouble with one of the waitresses understanding English. Well what can you do.
Is a pretty nice place and comfortable, the bartender recommend a drink to me, the drink and foods are pretty good, and the bartender was so nice and SUPER LOOKING GOOD lol, is a awesome place anyway. Will come back again !!!
im first time here.the food is very  !very decent service and 4pm to 9pm is happy hour.
In from out if town. Great food. Great service. A bit Loud during happy hour but well worth it.
As you enter, the decor of this place is phenomenal! The host could be a little more hospitable.However when you dine in the back, it looks like another business. Fabulous bar. James the bartender is also really good. The plating is very simple. No garnish. Plain. The food doesn't look appetizing. 5 stars for decor and service. 3 stars for the bland food that you could be made at home. Lastly, it would be nice if they extended their hours of operation. Will definitely return.
Very lively seen upon entry. Very affordable. I had to wait a long time for my guest but they were patient and still tended to me as I enjoyed my apps and happy hour 2 for 1 drinks.My rolls were good and so was my entre. Drinks also good
Great chicken wonton soup and decent sushi. Their lunch deals are great value for the price. I prefer to get delivery versus dine in.
I am utterly confused why this place has an average rating of 4 stars on Yelp (as of today). If this located in Cincinnati, Orlando or any other smaller city in America, I would agree with the rating scale but in New York, a place filled to the brim with restaurants that have amazing food and interesting themes, this should be rated a 2 star restaurant.There really is nothing special or too out of the ordinary about this place. Average food, average specials, average decor located in an average part of town (near Penn Station & MSG). I came because it was advertised as having happy hour until 9pm. LIES! Happy hour ends at 8pm (as other spots). The restaurant shares walls with the hotel next door so the restaurant itself has a weird layout to accommodate the adjacent hotel lobby. When you walk in, you see the bar area and as you squeeze past the bar, you come to a larger back area with a sushi bar to your left and seating to your right. The one good thing about this place is that their sushi rolls (e.g. Boston, Spicy Tuna, Chicken Tempura, etc) are either $5 or $6 for 6 pieces. That's a fairly reasonable deal for midtown Manhattan. However, overall their food is mediocre and I wouldn't recommend it compared to the vast number of restaurants in the city.
Came here for happy hour and was extremely impressed! My friends and I didn't eat, but we had a great time. It's buy one get one free for select cocktails (but I was told they were strong by my friends who were drinking them). Their ambiance is wonderful, as is their staff. When I normally go to any type of asian restaurant, the service is mediocre but the service here was A+++++++++. Peter and James are some of the best bartenders I've met in my life.They take song requests and have a great presentation for sake bombs! It's small yet cozy. The only grievance I have is that they have one bathroom which is unisex, but that's also the city for you! It's convenient that the hotel next door has an open bathroom that you're allowed to use.
Good but not great. Got the Pad Thai with chicken and asked for medium spice. Huge portion but it was just bland. No flavor. Not sure if I'll give them another try.
Extremely mediocre. I got the Malaysian chow fun, bf got shrimp tempura. The food was very bland, I had to douse the chow fun in sriracha even though it said it was spicy on the menu. Also when I asked for the sriracha the hostess/waitress gave it to the table next to us. It was not busy at all, she definitely should've known which table asked for the sriracha... She was also not pleasant in general - a little aggressive when she seated us. Nothing terrible, but not great. Not worth the price ($12 chow fun, $15 tempura). Allover aggressively meh.
Lunch special was available on weekends! That was a surprise when my companion and I visited here on rainy afternoon (around 2) on Saturday.We were immediately seated right after entering as the place was not packed. We had lunch special Kan Pao chicken and Triple cooked pork, each for $9.95 (before tax). The food was decent, not amazing but tasty. The price was very good. Also, it came with soup or salad and rice (brown or white) so the meal made us feel full. The wait staffs were attentive, and the service was quick. This is a rare-found gem in the area where it's touristic and often times overpriced. There are so many other choices of Chinese, Malaysian, Thai and Japanese dishes, so we probably come back in the future to try out when we are around in the area. (Personal rating) Food: 3.5/5Price: 5/5Service: 4/5
Foods decent, bar is great , owner needs to find a new job, most miserable person i have ever met. Btw dont tip your servers, she keeps it
Came here on a whim with a friend. The food was great! I ordered the three rolls for $14.95. It's listed on their take-out menus but not on the menu inside so you have to ask for it.I had an eel avocado roll with no eel sauce that tasted very fresh and delicious. I also had the shrimp tempura roll which was very nice, and an avocado roll, which was tiny but OK. My friend had the beef fried rice which she enjoyed, and we both shared the rock shrimp appetizer which was banging! It was nice and crispy and the mayo makes it so good! The water gave us great recommendations and was friendly. They didn't refill our water until we asked, but it was all good. Would definitely come again.
I went with my family on a Thursday night so there weren't many other customers. We were lucky because our waiter and other staff were very attentive. Food was great -- my favorite item was easily the matcha tiramisu!
Best part about this place is the half off drinks during happy hour. They're delicious and for only $5, it's a steal. The service was okay, nothing to brag about, but it's not as bad of an experience as some other reviewers have had. The sushi was just so mediocre here. My friend and I ordered two specialty rolls and the crab lagoon. The crab lagoon was good, but I couldn't eat too many of them; they were just way too unhealthy and after my second one, my body just started rejecting them. I can't remember the names of the specialty rolls, but one of them had raw salmon. The salmon tasted old, like it had been out for too long. The other was an all veggie roll which was also ok. I don't think the flavors of the veggies really mixed well together, but my stomach was much more receptive to that than fried dough and mayo. Overall, not sure I will be back again as it was a bit pricey. If I am, I'm going to give the other dishes a shot rather than ordering sushi again. Sushi is not worth it here!
Bar as soon as you walk in, followed by a lively dining room with modern music, semi-loud atmosphere (rap music playing). Dont come if you want quiet dinner. But, Don't be afraid! amazing food and the staff is willing to fit your needs! (Asked for extra plates and cups for our soda -comes in a can, asked for ice cup-). Great presentation of food. Would come back if I lived here!
Excellent spicy basil chicken, Thai pineapple fried rice and green curry. Fast delivery after Beyond Menu Erroneously cancelled my order. Food was delicious. Thank you!! I highly recommend Asura Asian Bistro!!
Petes bar that's the only way I see it. I didn't know any other part existed besides this bar because Pete is consuming in a good way. Pete is so kind, informative and accommodating. He gives unique shots which are Delightful when in cowed of your friend. This is a bar that honestly I would normally walk by but after visiting Pete. I would visit every single time L.
I normally don't base reviews on both food and service, but this place was a mess all around.I came here with my friend for dinner on Friday night. I figured it would be busy and it was. We were seated quickly. There clearly weren't enough people working - everyone was running around like chickens without heads. It took a good 10 minutes before someone saw us looking around for a waiter. We got our salads quickly. Different waitresses and waiters each time. They forgot our drinks ($10 for 2) so I had to ask. I got my pad Thai (chicken) about 2 minutes after they gave me the salad. So the table was packed with plates. The drinks - My friend and I tried each of our drinks. They were really nice looking but were disgusting. The liquor was so cheap I we had a hard time finishing them! That means a lot coming from gals who drank natty, vlad & franzia in college. Pad Thai - tasted decent. But the noodles were all really stuck together?? In huge clumps? The mini salad was fine. They removed our plates as we continued to drink our drinks. Didn't ask if we wanted anything else or another drink, just put the check down immediately. It was about $15 each. Before we even looked at the check another waitress went to take it away again?? Everyone was a mess and working every table. We had to explain that we were splitting it and one card required one total, the other another total. The waitress just walked away after we explained.......without our cards. We had to explain it to yet another waitress. Bathroom. One bathroom for everyone in the back near some kind of drinks section? Naturally there was a line. The rude waitress hot tea from behind us and was yelling "watch out!!!" Like it was our fault that we were back there.This place is a mess. Get a new waitstaff.I won't be back.
This place is usually good but today the service was horrible and unprofessional! The manager or owner Cindy was very rude and admitted to not being professional as if that was ok smh will not be returning!!!
Awesome place! I brought my Denver friends here for the authentic Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food. The service is super nice! They can speak fluent English and Chinese. The day I went also had evening happy hour: buy 1 drink and the next one will be 50% off. Also buy 1 set of hand rolls will win another 8 pieces for free!The food looks fabulous and taste extremely good. We ordered three noodles and also got three free salad. The waitress also helped take a photo for us.Very cozy place for any type of meeting and bonding. Definitely will go there again.
Great Asian food at a fantastic price. The staff and bartender are reasons alone to come here. Probably the nicest staff that I've dealt with. Come during happy hour to experience a great show from the bartender as he makes your drinks. Overall, food is great and the vibe is fun - try it out!
Great cute little sushi place with the best lunch prices in the area for some super delicious sushi. I recommend the eel and shrimp rolls! The chicken lo mein was also just the right amount of spices.
BE CAREFUL!!! GOT SICK!! Had late lunch at this place , ordered Pad Thai with shrimp and 5 hours later stared to feel sick and vomit non stop to the point of crying! Was my first meal of the day.. Later Called the place in order to aware the restaurante about what happened so they could prevent others to get sick as well and had this lady that answered the phone coarsely  SHOUTING said: Was not the food, comeback after 12h with a medical report and HUNG UP ON MY FACE and didn't answered the phone after that. ABSURD!! HORRIBLE
Service took too long. Mussels were super sweet and and dry. Another yelp place reviewed wrong by others.
I had a meeting in the area and after an extensive yelp search, i located this place. I had the thai wings (which were basically fried) and the shrimp fried rice. the fried rice was DIVINE and reminiscent of the days back in the 70s and 80s when fried rice was really good. dark brown, chunks of onion, real eggs. really, really good!
Pretty descend place.  Hidden in the heart of time square. Wait staff is very friendly and accommodating.  Can't miss on the Happy Hour prices.
Food were good. We enjoyed the food, except my girlfriend found ramen tasted like instant noodles. I found bones in the eel... Is it normal in the dragon roll? I was just like meh meh... One bone, two bones.... We had two separate waiters served us. The lady was warm and giving good advices. The gentleman... whispered when he spoke. Not sure why? Maybe he was not into his job. Lol. Food in general not bad. Would come back again for casual dinning.
Ordered some food here tonight. The waiters were great. I really like the front part (bar) and the music. The food was good too. The only disadvantage is that the restaurant is too small. Hope they can expand it.
So anybody who lives in NYC knows that if you're near Penn Station or Midtown, good restaurants are far and few but luckily there's Asura (a place I saw walking a few weeks ago.)I stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago and when I needed to meet a friend halfway I suggested this place. If you're a fan of fruity or girly cocktails that are decent size, come to this place! I had the passionfruit mojito and my friend had a strawberry vodka, both very good. The mojito was refreshing and had just the right amount of alcohol! All cocktails are $10 and its very reasonable considering its a tall glass. It was more than I usually get when I buy a drink in Manhattan.As far as food goes there are various Asian cuisines (Chinese, Thai, and Japanese) and sushi so there's a wide selection. You can get smaller rolls $4-6 or larger rolls/portions from $10 on up.I had a Philadelphia roll ($5) and my friend had a Lobster roll, both tasted fresh and were delicious as well as the mei fun, vegetable dumplings, and chicken yakitori. Portions were filling and the service was great from our server and especially at the bar while I was waiting for my friend. Shout out to the female bartender! (Sorry love, I forgot your name!)I will definitely be back.
This was one of the best Asian dinners we have had in a long time. It is clean and the staff is friendly. The flavors of all the foods was over the top. The Japanese, Chinese and Thai dishes were all flavorful and the portions were more than enough. I would come back anytime I am heading to the city for a game and want a quick and reasonably priced meal. Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a great bite to eat.
I'm prefacing this review that I did a delivery order for me and coworkers, so what I review is solely based on delivery.Ordering was easy through Yelp's EAT24 app, but Asura has a really, really long menu so it can be hard to find the one entree you're looking for because they offer Japanese, Thai and Chinese. Aside from that, I wish they'd call to confirm your order and let you know how long it would take. More so how long it would take.Green Curry Chicken: This didn't have much of a curry sauce to it. Like, it was as if they sauteed a few spoonfuls of green curry sauce with the vegetables and chicken. The portion for dinner was really generous, but left much to be desired with flavor. They do a great job of packing everything. Careful with the soups, they get really hot. I probably wouldn't order delivery from Asura again despite its convenience. Maybe the food served in the restaurant is better, but I wouldn't get the curry again.
I went here with my family before a show. The place is very small, so we were seated in an enclosed patio, which gets chilly. No ambiance, not very pretty. The service got better, when we kept asking, repeatedly, for water or forks, etc. they kept asking after that if we were doing ok.The food came out cold, so we sent everything back, only to be reheated in a microwave. I guess everything is prepared ahead of time, not freshly cooked. The sushi was good, and everything else was ok. I would never go back!
Come here pick up a to go lunch. Don't like the inside. And don't like the location. The food is just okay..
Stumbled upon a gem.  From out of town on a tour bus.   I have been on a lucky streak lately...2 for 1 drinks too. Great price, great sushi, salad and soup. I'm used to Boston prices. Better deal in NYC. Nice sit down place. Great service too.
Was trying to find good restaurant using yelp. Was heading for Juniper next door but it was to loud. This place was next door We were looking at menu when hostess came out side and we decided to sit outside where it was quiet. In addition they had buy one get one free cocktails which was a selling point since most cocktail hours had ended for most places. Cocktails ended up being $5 each, not going to get that at most places in New York and they were top notch. Food was also above expectations, had the best ship tempura in my experience and in addition price was unbelievably reasonable. Two entrees, four drinks, and a dessert for $60 all top notch.
This is my go-to spot for Japanese food around the Penn Station area, as all other sushi spots are garbejo.  The restaurant may be difficult to spot, so widen up your eyes when searching.  Squeeze yourself pass the outdoor seating and you'll find yourself by the narrow bar area.  Walk a bit further to the podium and request from the friendly staff a seat by the dining area.I have dined in and ordered take-out numerous times from Asura, ranging from 2 or 3 makis from their lunch specials to sashimi/chicken/beef bento boxes and salmon/unagi dons.  Everything's been made to my liking and more importantly, fresh.  They also offer brown rice, which I highly prefer over white.Moreover, I witnessed Lindsay Lohan dining here with her huge sunglasses on, the same time she was doing community service in Brooklyn, allegedly.  They've gotta serve decent Japanese food for a celebrity to dine here, no?  See for yourself!
Ordered a pretty wide selection for delivery.  Sub par in every way.  Would not order from this place again.
Came here for a weekend lunch. They are surprisingly large for how small their store front is, because the restaurant is extremely loooooong. They have a few seats up front in the patio area, so it was a nice place to enjoy a slow lunch on a gorgeous day.Their lunch menu is surprisingly reasonable - lots of options go for less than $10, including many of their sushi and ramen dishes. The sushi came out pretty fresh and good - the rice was starchy and the fillings seemed pretty fresh. The pork ramen was pretty generous, but nothing extremely exciting - there was an overwhelming smokey taste that came from the pork that was a little weird. Very attentive staff who never forgot about us (which tends to happen when you're the only party sitting at the patio). Solid restaurant with good lunch menu options.
This place is amazing! You have to try the Manhattan role. We will be back for sure!!!
I've been here 3rimes already so I guess I must really like this place . I forgot the waitresses name but she's the greatest and she always remembers a face. I ordered the chicken coconut curry soup and substituted the chicken with shrimp. Unfortunately for me and well my friend weren't too yay on the chicken it was a bit to bland so that's when we asked if it would be ok to switch the chicken for the shrimp and it was so good. I also had the chicken satay and that I really liked. The soup btw has a little kick to it mild I would say. I'm a Sapporo fan so drinks I wouldn't be able to say.
An awesome place to go near Penn Station and Midtown. I was in town for the weekend from San Diego, Ca and my group wanted sushi and great drinks. I found this place on Yelp and was not let down. Speciality cocktails were awesome! Very tasty and not too sugary. Had a great amount of alcohol in then too. My favorites were the Lychitini and Strawberry Vodka Drink (forget exact name). Food was great. We had a few appetizers and shared a bunch of rolls. I loved The Manhattan Roll and the Peppered Spicy Tuna Roll. The pricing was perfect and not overpriced. The service was excellent! Cindy (the owner) was so awesome and sweet! She was our server and very involved with our table. It was a friends birthday and at the end of dinner she brought over a delicious green tea dessert of some sort and had everyone sing Happy Birthday! They stayed open late for us to make sure we could enjoy our dinner and final drinks! Thank you Cindy! This is an awesome place for groups and I would recommend checking it out if you are around the area!
Accidentally stumbled into Asura for dinner one evening because it was closed to our hotel. Located between 7th and 8th Ave on 35th st, Asura is easy to miss due to the small front entrance but don't miss it. Happy hours from 4-9pm and rolls are buy 1, half off the 2nd. We had 2 spider rolls with the tonkatsu ramen on our first visit. Yes it was do good we came back the next day. The ramen was cooked with a generous serving of braised pork belly meat. The fragrance of the meat easily made it comparable with any hong shou rou (braised pork). They have another fish using the same meat with steamed buns but we did not try that. The ramen soup is not too salty, and tasty from the meat's seasoning. Hot soup on a cold day made it fantastic. Tried their tempura banana for dessert and it was very well done. Owner, Cindy treated us to green tea ice cream, also really good. 2nd night back we each had a bowl of ramen and ordered their char kueh teow w/ shrimps to share. When it arrived, the smells tells us we made the right choice. Great wok hey and tasted just like a Singapore local dish. Will come back for more.  Cindy (owner) said one of her chef is from Malaysia and so is she. Her son, Kevin, works as the bar tender and loves mixing drinks. Tried his lychee martini and loved how he puréed the lychee as part of the drink. His recipe used triple sec instead of lychee liqueur or lychee sake. Shared my recipe and hope more variations will be available. Every Monday and every other Wednesday, they cleared the middle of the dining room for dancing. When we were there on wed, the group did Latin tango. Very entertaining watching them dance and listening to their music. Overall, a great place to eat and relax. Must try. If you go, tell Cindy, the Singapore couple from Madison wi recommended you.
I went here for lunch today and tried the Malaysian chicken chow fun. It was 8.95 for the lunch special and came with a salad. The salad was good and the dressing complemented the greens well. The chow fun was not bad. The chicken tasted fresh and I just wish the dish was a tad sweeter.
If you are looking for a great place to eat near Penn Station, yet you do not want to be amongst the big crowds or get trapped into paying tourist prices, then Asura is definitely the place to go.  Though I have ordered entrees in the past, I particularly like coming to Asura for their appetizers.  Prices for appetizers range between $5 and $10.  My favorites are the pork belly bun, crab Rangoon, vegetable gyoza and the rock shrimp tempura. *Tip: If you ask, instead of pork belly buns you can get them with chicken!! This is not on the menu, but they will do them for you and they taste pretty good with their spicy mayo. It does not stop at the food though! The drinks here are well thought out in that they complement the food on the menu.  During happy hour, drinks are 2 for the price of 1, which is pretty good seeing as though these drinks are far from watered down.  All in all, Asura is one place I definitely recommend you visit with a friend to catch up on each other's lives and enjoy good cuisine while doing so!!
This place has amazing delivery service! We ordered sesame chicken and Lo Mein noodles and it tasted great! It was hot upon delivery which might I add only took about 20 minutes! They were very friendly and called me immediately after I ordered online to verify my order for adding Lo Mein noodles instead of rice. These people are super friendly, great price, large portions, and most importantly very tasty! Definitely recommend!
Actually a pretty great sushi spot in the midtown area. Normally, sushi places near penn station are terrible. They are generally old, dirty, and lack fresh fish.Not Asura. I walked in to a modern, clean sushi spot.I ordered a lunch special-miso soup and 3 rolls for $12. They offered a mix of basic rolls and rolls that were amped up a notch.  I had a spicy tuna roll, a crunchy shrimp roll, and a salmon avocado roll. All fresh and tasty. They were the usual size...6 small pieces. But still, 3 rolls plus soup for $12 is a steal.I would defintely try out some other lunch specials next time...such as the bento box.
Came here on a friday evening after work to get dinner with someone, the place wasn't too packed, we were seated right away (had reservations) and the service was good. Towards the end of the meal we weren't checked up on as frequently (I guess the waitress wanted to give us time before the check since we were talking so much)But it would of been nice to have her come by and offer water or to ask if we needed anything else.The sushi and food were good, and the prices are fairly reasonable.(I had also ordered from this restaurant through seamless - lunch special, chicken teriyaki bento box) and that was so good!I would definitely come back here and bring friends.
I am what's considered a regular at Asura. I go there at least once a week with my girlfriend because it is some of (if not the) best Asian food I've ever had. It's not a fusion restaurant so much as it is a deluxe restaurant - serving multiple distinct different types of Asian cuisines; Chinese, Japanese, and Thai amongst them. The only reason I'm not giving it a full five stars is because of the service, which is crucial to a good experience in my opinion. Usually the experience is bearable although the staff speaks minimal amounts of English, but I caution you to not go past too late. The restaurant has a strict 10:30 closing policy, and the kitchen closes at 10. Although I believe a kitchen should stay open until the official listed closing hour of the restaurant, this is an understandable policy, and didn't irk me that much. However, the quality of the food should not be sacrificed just because the kitchen is near closing. Past 9:30, the food is not of the same quality that earns five stars in my book throughout the rest of its hours. The General Tso's chicken I usually order had scarce amounts of actual meat and seemed more like the fried leftovers stuck to the pan. Moreover, they'll start cleaning the restaurant at 10, slamming pots and pans and dishes in the same area as you're eating. They'll mop right beneath your feet, turn lights off in different areas, pick condiments and placards right off your table as you're trying to enjoy the meal until you're convinced that somehow it's 2 hours past closing time and they just haven't kicked you out yet. This restaurant either needs to delay its closing/cleaning routine 30 minutes (which wouldn't kill anyone) or revise its published closing time to 9:30. This is New York City: the next time I want Asian food I might not be as eager to go here, my usual place; I can walk 1 block in any direction and find another place worth trying. Very disappointed in what had become my staple restaurant.
Here's the Deal:  I've stopped in for lunch a couple times!!!  This place is not hard to miss, because it is right next to a small hotel.  In the warmer months they do have outside seating (which I don't find attractive on 35th street)  When you enter they have a bar area where you can sit and eat or you can get seated in the back!  They also have a patio "Garden area" off the back which could be nice in warmer months.  As for the food... I've only been here for lunch!!! They do have GREAT lunch combos which are hard to beat and they don't seem to skimp on quality (they don't throw a lot of rice into their roles which I am glad about)   They seem to get a loyal take out crowd which makes this place a go-to in the area!!!!   Very Good Sushi... Check it out!
Celebrating my 2nd moms birthday with my bestie-we decided to eat here by accident-and we were pleased. Used to come to this location when it was another establishment. It joins with the hotel next door, there is a bar in the front but as you walk through there is a small dining area for about 40-45 customers comfortably. Glass door/windows look out to like a patio area that also has chairs that may be moved for their Mon,Wed & I think Friday dancing class.SERVICE The staff was very attentive. They greeted us at the door, the hostess seated us as soon as we arrived,no waiting necessary, and the waitress brought us water immediately. Staff had a pleasant demeanor, willing to answer any questions about the menu options.FOODLove the fact I was able to choose from Chinese,Thai, and Sushi. I had the beef lo mein, banana roll, and chicken teriyaki skewers. My friend had the Bintu Box with the pork tempura I believe. My only gripe was they would not substitute any of the original menu sides, which I guess I understand since its not your local Chinese fast food restaurant. Portion sizes were very good for an average eater, had enough to fill my tummy and bring home for lunch the following day. Dessert was this mango cheesecake, absolutely delicious! I would have preferred tasting a little more mango than the other flavor.FAVS-Dance classes option, cute idea to do dinner and a lesson for a date OR sheer entertainment for dinner -Drink: , it was so smooth and still packed a punch-Portion sizes-Drink pricesDISLIKES-Would have liked some mood music or something going on in the background versus overhearing a groups conversation-ONE unisex bathroom o_OALL IN ALL-Great Service of Great food and drinks at a Great price ($60 for a feast of app,entree,and dessert for 2 people)
Usually do not take to Yelp unless to compliment. Unfortunately cannot provide a good review of this restaurant. Ordered delivery. Order came with receipt listing correct delivery items, but ultimately wrong items within. Given time taken to deliver, we opened the containers (one was close to our order) but food was bland and not fulfilling. Called restaurant to inform them of error. Transferred to manager who blamed the deliveryman!, though clearly order was correct on receipt that had been stapled to the bag (ie, error likely made at the restaurant). Attempted to correct order several times with them on the phone, but almost comedic-ally they would take the wrong order each time. Ultimately discontinued the call as it was futile to discuss with this manager who could not get the order correct (imagine that), nor would refund our money (in fact, we had thrown out the food - manager maybe could not understand that, she insisted that we replace the food in container, and present back to the deliveryman as proof of the wrong order when he returned). At minimum, given the confusion on the restaurant's end, will not be ordering from here again.
Ummm, YES PLEASE! I'm deeply saddened that I've just discovered this place after working across the street for over a year. I've seen the sign outside, but thought it might be too pretentious for a leisure afternoon lunch break. Asura is perf! They have lunch specials for dirt cheap! I had the curry noodles with chicken..HUGE plate...only $8.95. Ummm, STEAL! The service wasn't 100%, but the food was delicious and affordable, so I didn't mind the waitresses with the attitude or my empty glass of water. LOL. This is going to be my new lunch spot. I didn't get any cell service in the back and it's the perfect escape from work madness.
Staff was awesome.  Food was great, if I make it back to NYC again I'll be back.  Shrimp Pad Thai was on point!
Very nice place to hang out with friends.  Good Happy Hour drinks buy one get one free.  Food was very tasty would recommend this restaurant will go back again.
Crowded, but heh, it was a friday night with a buy one get one free happy hour. The food was delicious and the drinks were the good kind where you want to personally tip the bartender. My only issue was with the waiters. It took a while to be waited on, than when we hailed down a server, she informed us that she wasn't our waitress, but than 10 minutes later came back and took our drink order...Than we got another waitress during the meal. It was all very confusing. They only have one restroom and it got clogged.Yea.... go for the food, go somewhere else for a restroom
I found this Asian fusion restaurant when I was looking to try new places in Manhattan and I love it here. The Asian fusion restaurant menu consists of a wide selection of Chinese, Thai, Japanese dishes so you have alot of choices to get. I ordered the Malaysian Chow Fun and my mom got hibachi chicken. The food are delicious. My Malaysian chow fun I ordered is very delicious and tasty, its flat rice noodles with beef.  The place is pretty nice and love interior design. It's a good restaurant to go with groups, too. The only thing is that they don't have a cell service inside but it's alright since you're with your friends and eating together and also enjoying each other. Definitely coming back here again
This review is not based on the food, it is primarily based on service.  We went to Asura early on a tuesday night for dinner.  Were seated right away and given menus but that was the end of the good customer service.  We waited for at least 20 minutes to even get a waiter to take a drink order.  Then we had to make a special effort to get him back so we could order our food. I ordered a shrimp tempura roll (which was just 'ok') and chicken fried rice, which was actually pretty tasty.  But we had to wait ANOTHER HOUR to get our food. I don't mind waiting if I know ahead of time but sitting there getting hungrier and hungrier wasn't helping my impression any.  It has already been noted by previous reviewers that the staff speaks minimal english and this definitely added to the frustration because when we asked how long it would be until our food arrived, our waiter just nodded and scurried away. Over all, the food was a bit disappointing but definitely the worst part of our experience was the poor service.  We did not order alcohol or appetizers and our entire dining experience took over 2 hrs because we then had to wait for the bill and I finally just took my credit card and the bill to the front counter to have them run it because we just wanted to get out of there. (they play really loud music and it was bothering my husband)  If I am back in the area, I will give Asura another try and just hope that it was an off night.
Very average food and average service. I hate to leave bad reviews but I wasn't particularly impressed by this place. Can surely give it a miss!
A star for being so close to Penn Station+1 for extremely friendly staff+1 for good, decent, food and having lunch specials on weekend!!+1 taking reservation and happy hour special Only bad part was the lighting especially since this restaurant had no windows and no cell reception!
I loved the atmosphere here. During happy hour the drinks are buy one get one free.I ordered pork belly sliders. My first time having pork belly. And the pork was ok, too fatty for my taste. The bread it was on was yucky.The drinks were amazing! Strong and sweetly. But the liquor taste wasn't overwhelming just like I like it. Will definitely be back.
Meeting some old friends and had reservations at Junipers which looked like fun it was much too noisy. Asura had nice happy hour drink and food specials. I had a volcano roll that was excellent and a nice glass of Cabernet. Staff was great. I would definitely go back. And this is very convenient if you need to go to Penn Station.
Service was good, food was a little bland, prices were high.
Visited here on a Tuesday night with a few friends after reading great reviews. The atmosphere is very basic. There is a bar area in the front and in the back where the "restaurant" is, there are tables which aren't much of a step up from cafeteria tables. The food was very reasonable as well as the drinks. There is a great happy hour, were specialty drinks are 2/$10. The food came out pretty quickly but I found it to be bland. The sushi was average and the tempura was very dry. Dishes that other's got were not that great either and were claimed to have "no flavor". The service was also fair, quick to take orders, but during our dining experiences, we had to walk up to servers who passed by our waving hands for things such as missing utensil placements, extra sauce and extra napkins. I would say the biggest selling point is the cheap prices. Eh to average food at cheap prices in midtown.
I've been coming here for three years. I have found hair in my rice and with my coworkers. I still come because it's a nice vibe and the workers are fun after a hard day at work. Today I got yelled at by the owner after 3 years and you know what .. Try it for yourself and let me know.
Nice place next to a hotel. However the service was slow in the food quality wasn't that great. I ordered the General Tso's chicken and it tasted like boneless chicken wings with a little sweet and sour on it. However, if you want Asian food and not the high price this place wasn't too bad.
2nd time here and I am ambivalent. It's just ok. Service was very friendly and food was just ok. I'm not a fan of the Asian places that serve more than one fare.  I.e Japanese and Chinese so I'm likely not coming back since I prefer more authenticity of just one cultural cuisine. [Stepping off my soap box now!]
Excellent food.  Great for vegetarians.  Everything was superbly made.  Love the pan Asian food all in one area.  We ordered the green curry with tofu and veg dumplings which were superb.
Excellent 2 or 3 roll lunch special which comes with a soup or salad. The prices are really good for midtown! The roll quality is ALWAYS fresh. The people are super friendly and takeout orders are handled reasonably quickly. I really want to come here and stay for lunch one day - I always get take out but am intrigued by the ambiance. If you're in the food abyss that is Midtown and need great sushi at a great price - this is your spot!
No idea what this place has so many stars. Waited very long for take out, food was overly priced for oily chicken and broccoli. Chicken was chewy. This place isnt even bad for midtown its just bad.
my gf and i went to this place two days in a row.  typical asian owned service (hurry up)  Food was decent.  the Manhattan roll was  delish!  It got packed in there.  We squeezed through tables to sit.  The plating was nicer the second day that I went. I got a bigger piece of salmon the second day that I went.  little pricey for everyday lunch, but definitely tasty.
They always make delay on any orders. Sometimes mass up orders by themselves and giving wrong foods. They never apology to their customers. Very disappointed.
NEVER GOING BACK HERE! Don't even know if I can ever mentally prepare myself to eat raw sushi again! I'm so disgusted because Asura was my spot; it was clean & the food was good. The worm literally fell out of my salmon the second I took a bite of out it. If I took a bigger bite it would've been in my body. This kind of experience scars you for life. As for the other dishes I cannot complain, but be careful with the raw fish. These kinds of things happen when the fish is clearly not handled properly.
Gave this restaurant a try for takeout. Ordered basil chicken, pad thai, tom yum, steak teriyaki and an assortment of sushi. Pad thai was dry tasteless and overly sweet. Tom Yum was decent, steak was also tasteless. Basil chicken was decent but again overly sweet. Fish in sushi did not seem fresh and again was not enjoyable. Look somewhere else for Asian food in the area especially with all the options available.
My daughter and I stopped here for dinner before going to see a show. The bar was full but the dining room was mostly empty.....which made the very slow and inattentive service frustrating. The food was good and the portions quite large. I recommend it for take out.
We heard great things about this place so we thought we would try it.   The Teri chicken was great and I loved the veggies with it.  They use white chicken, which is my favorite.  The service was okay, nothing special.  My one big complaint was the black tea.  I have been to many Japanese restaurants and I love black tea, but frankly, it tasted terrible.  It came in coffee mugs, which is kind of weird.  Usually, you get a pot of tea and small tea cups at a Japanese restaurant.  Plus, it tasted like coffee.  I am thinking maybe they brewed the tea in the coffee machine or something.  Luckily, they were nice enough to not charge us for the tea, but you have been warned.
This is my go-to lunch place.  Consistent quality.  Not the usual candied meat you get at NY Asian restaurants.  Quick efficient service.  Broad selection of different Asian cuisines without being a 15 page menu that generally indicates that they do nothing well and everything in a mediocre fashion.
Asura is THE BEST!!  Allow me to explain. I was planning a birthday night for our group of 16 people and called 4-5 different restaurants that all required prefixe menu in order to accommodate so many of us. We all wanted to order our own food, so I finally stumbled across Asura which became our saving grace. Not only was the lady on the phone incredibly sweet (who I later find out is the owner's mother), but she reassured my every concern...no prefixe, if we have a cake they'll cut it for us, change in group size is no problem, etc. Once we arrived, we see the bar first and were introduced to the BEST bartender in town, Kevin (owner with his mother/family).  He told us all cocktails are buy 1 get 1 before 9pm, so we ordered up round after round as we waited for the rest of our group to arrive. He knew we were looking for a good time so he was extremely generous with the liquor, asking who wanted their drinks extra strong and happily obliged.  FYI, Kevin makes a deliciously mean Passionfruit Mojito and Lycheetini!  Strong but masked by refreshing combination of fruit flavors, just the way we like it.  As we approached 9pm, he told us we could continue to get the drinks for half off, AS WELL AS get all our sushi for buy 1 get 1 half off.  It just keeps getting better. Now on to the food - we had the whole back room to ourselves, and service was quick. Food, just as delicious as the drinks!  Menu had enough variety to please all 16 of our palettes, most ordered sushi (fresh and tasty), some ordered chow fun (Malaysian style was yum), others ordered other stir fry dishes and i got the tonkatsu ramen with braised pork...perfection! It wasn't your standard ramen, the broth tasted more like your Taiwanese style Niu Rou Mian (beef noodle soup) broth (very flavorful, not too salty), while the noodles were perfectly firm and the pork was SO tender, melted in my mouth.  They weren't skimpy on the pork either (usually ramen comes with 2 pork slices max), there was plenty for me and others to taste. Finally, when we finished eating, Kevin brought the birthday boy free ice cream with a candle for us to sing to him, and to top off an already epic dinner experience, Kevin brought us all Rumchata shots on the house!  Seriously can't get any better than that. This is probably my longest review ever written because Asura impressed me that much. It's rare to near impossible to find a place in the city with good food at a great price AND incredible service.  We'll be back!
Most Asian fusion restaurants are a dime-a-dozen but Asura shines with solid Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Malaysian dishes. While a lot of their cuisine is somewhat modified to appease the American palette, each dish is seasoned and served with a great attention to more powerful flavors than what New Yorker's have become accustom to in the realm of Pan Asian cuisine. Our party of 6 arrived in pieces to two incredibly friendly hosts, one being the owner, who offered beverages and comfortable seating a plethora of times as we waited for the remainder of our party. When all were present we were treated with utmost kindness and attentiveness. We started off with a platter of sushi--a selection of special rolls upon the suggestion of the sushi chefs. Although there's always something to be said about the authenticity of special rolls in comparison to sushi and sashimi, all of the pieces were extremely tasty and very fresh. Freshness is a note other fusion bistros should take from Asura as usually when many cuisines are being served under one roof, there is a loss of attention to detail frequently in the sushi department with less than favorable spicy blends and underripe fruit. Amongst the group my favorite was a roll with mango as it was prepared delicately and the slices were refreshing. Everyone decided on different fare for entrees which give me a nice sampling of their Malaysian, Chinese, and Thai food. Firstly, my shrimp pad Thai was great. It had a lovely hint a spice without being overwhelming and unlike a lot of experiences I've had at Thai specific restaurants it was generous on the shrimp. Next I favored the Malaysian noodle dish, reminiscent of a Thai pad see ew with a sweeter, less thick and greasy brown sauce and ever-so-slightly thinner noodles. In addition the General Tso's (I know, lame choice), was crispy, made with high-quality chicken breast, and sauced perfectly. All were also happy with their Thai iced tea, while not the best I've ever had, would definitely serve as worthy if you're looking to satisfy a craving. All-in-all, what really is a wasteland of fusion restaurants, (and what can be a wasteland of an area in New York City) Asura makes it worth your while...and the prices--fantastic, too! PS--Branding and menu are exponentially better than any Asian restaurant you'll patronize on the sheer basis that it's designed with easy comprehension in mind.
Pretty decent but not great! The rock shrimp was excellent!!! That's why they get 3stars. If your a Thai food lover slip this place, if you never eat Thai food then it's a great first time experience. The Tom Yum soup was not very good! Too heavy for a Tom Yum, bell peppers and noodles packed, Tom Yum is a light lemongrass soup with mushroom and fresh ginger and seafood. THIS WAS tom yum poured over a noodle bowl. The teriyaki steak bento box was good, the rice was barely fried and cost 2$ extra. The chicken hibachi was pretty standard also. California rolls same ole same, fake crab etc. overall it was just typical food and we had to pay extra for spicy mayo and it wasn't fresh, spoiled and soggy soupy mess. BUT SKIP IF YOU ARE A TRUE Thai eater. But they did have good prices
To be honest, I wasn't really expecting much from a random sushi place in NY, but ASURA IS THE BOMB!!!!! Let me start by saying that it is owned by the nicest family! The mom is so sweet and accommodating. She worked with us when our party showed up late, and we were having such a great time at the bar when everyone showed up she didn't rush to seat us at all! The son works as the bartender in the front and he was really friendly and outgoing. Took the time to chat with everyone and he made the BEST drinks ever. The lycheetini and passion fruit mojito was AMAZING. He doesn't skimp on the liquor, but it tasted like juice! Happy hour is from 5-9 you can get buy one get one cocktails ($5 each), although I think they are absolutely work paying full price. Also during HH it's $4 beers and $6 (?) wines. I've actually never written a review this long about liquor, so you know that's a good sign! The sushi was excellent too! 5-9 it's buy one get one half off for their special rolls. The fish was fresh and the tempura-ed items are freshly fried so it's still deliciously crispy and yum! I also had the pork belly buns which were excellent!! I also want to say I loved the layout of the place. The bar was in the front away from the seating area in the back and they had a cute covered outdoor area for larger parties. if you're reading this review, GO TO ASURA!! I hear th
Great choices and lots of options from sushi to bento boxes. Would have liked my food to be a bit warmer and my waiter to be more service oriented, but wouldnt stop me from coming back. Great option that is close to Penn and good for kids too
Is this the best you could do?  That's what I asked my friends when they ended up here after a failure across the street.  Turns out, it wasn't such a bad place for a pit-stop.  They ordered sushi and said it was really good.  It looked fresh and pretty on the plate - but I don't eat seafood, so I can't say for myself.  The drinks were really good.  I ordered the lycheetini.  And for happy hour - drinks are buy one, get on FREE!!  Yep - you heard it.  And you can share the other drink with a friend.  Each is $10.  Great deal!But - there is no atmosphere whatsoever.  It's obviously and unapologetically a no-frills hotel bar - not a W hotel, think more along the lines of Holiday Inn in Kansas while you are away for business.  Service was a bit slow.  The food came out quickly.  But we waited a long time for the waitress to come by so that we can ask for the check; and just as long for her to come back to pick up our cards for payment.  So long, in fact, that one of my friends actually got up and went inside to the bar to hand them payment.But if you need somewhere to have good, cheap drinks, and wanna have some sushi while you figure out your next move, this is a good place to do it.  It doesn't hurt that you can do this while sitting at one of their outdoor tables under an awning.
I was looking a great Chinese food take out restaurant in my neighborhood and was fortunate enough to come across this lovely gem. I've tried so many other places and this one gets the prize. They don't skimp on any broccoli in their general tsos chicken and their pork fried rice has chunks of pork in it. Yum...This place is serious about their Chinese Food. I will be ordering here from now on!
Asura.... I would have rated you 3 stars for the food if it wasn't for your two rude and unprofessional waitresses. Like someone who is glutton for punishment, my co-workers and I would return to Asura for lunch because it's convenient and right next door to our job. However, time and time again we are met by their two younger waitresses, both who wear black framed glasses. Right from the start when they see us come into the restaurant, they roll their eyes, slam our drinks on the table, and although we always say our please and thank you's they would always rudely take our orders with no common courtesy as a thank you in return. I have shared my grievances with the much nicer older lady who works there and beg her to take our table to avoid the discomfort of having the other two wait on us, but it's not always our luck. However, today will be the last day we eat at Asura. After having a birthday lunch for a co-worker, once again we are met by one of the infamously rude waitress, who spills a drink on us. When asked to split the bill, she literally huffed and sucked her teeth right in my ear, and snatched the bill out my hand where I literally felt the "flick of the wrist". It took everything in my power not to address her right then and there in front of my co-workers. On the way out, my other co-worker who saw the whole interaction go down, went to address the waitress and told her she needs to be more professional, and unsurprisingly her response was "I don't like you, you know"... Really Asura?! Let's get it together... Thanks to your employees you now lost 4 customers who refuse to spend our hard earned money at an establishment who CHOOSES to treat their customers that way.
The lunch special pineapple fried rice is disgusting. It is bland, and not spicy at all. It's a red rice with a few pieces of peanuts and pineapples.
Excellent sit-down dinner place in the heart of touristy NY. Went there on a Monday night for a business dinner and was really impressed. The place had people, but was quiet enough to have a normal conversation. The food was excellent. In particular, the fish filet dish was excellent. I also liked the appetizers - dumplings, edamame, and ginger salad. Worth visiting for the business meet or if you're looking for a more decent (but not over the top) sit-down place in the tourist areas.
I was working in my office on 34th street on a Saturday and need to figure out what to do for lunch. I had never eaten here before, but decided to try the chicken teriyaki bento box. (I mean, you've had it once you've had it all in terms of a bento box.)The food was tasty and a good value for the price. Most importantly not only was delivery super fast but the friendly chef delivered to me with his apron stand everything still on! It was a nice touch!I definitely recommend here and will order again.
We found Asura on Yelp and decided to try it on a visit to NYC from LA - we were not disappointed! The food, service, and hospitality were all outstanding. Many thanks to our wonderful server Cindy for helping us with the menu choices, and to the manager for coming over to speak with us.Overall a very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended!
After multiple frustrating Yelp searches for a good sushi place near our hotel, the bf and I decided to just go with this place hoping for the best.  And we got it!  We started with the pork steamed buns and while I found them just ok, the bf said they were good- though the mayo could've been left off.  I also found the pork to be very chewy.  It just wasn't my cup of tea.We then shared three different rolls- some fried tempura tuna roll, the black pepper tuna roll and the twin tuna roll (we like tuna). The black pepper tuna roll was out of this world, melt-in-your-mouth delicious and totally worth the angst in finding a good dinner sushi spot in NY!Prices were also good- we visited during 'happy hour' so half off second order of special rolls and $2 off wines and beers. Can't beat that on a Saturday night!  Staff was friendly and even stopped us on our way out to make sure we had chopsticks for the leftovers at our hotel.  Easy to find, very clean inside, wasn't crowded, and fantastic sushi! I'd come again for sure!
House specialty cocktails: very good. Strong and refreshing. Kani mango salad: very good. You can actually see the mango and the spiciness is perfect. Beef negimaki: very good. beef was cooked right and the sauce wasn't too sweet. Beef pad thai: average. Beef was cooked well but it was like any other regular pad thai.Asura sushi: bad. Plain and tasteless
Delicious! Fun! Perfect spot to stop by and get a drink from Peter on the way into the city! Definitely stopping there again!
Ordered delivery around 9:45 at night. The lady on the phone was very helpful even though she sounded very busy. She even helped me make a few decisions about my order. The food arrived exactly 30 minutes later (which was faster than they estimated and was appreciated). The delivery guy was polite....Now for the food. The quality and portions were fine. The flavor, however, must have gotten left at the restaurant. We ordered the Hibachi Chicken, the Chicken and Green Chili, and the Chicken Lo Mein. We had Chicken Wonton Soup and Salad on the side. They told us the Chicken with Green Chili would be spicy (even warned me) but it was underwhelming. The Wonton soup was fine, it had more flavor than any of the other dishes. My wife said the salad was "Average." We were left feeling full and totally unsatisfied. We also had a ton of food left over. Two entrees and a noodle dish was at least one full entree too much for the two of us.
Delicious food. Great options that come with a lot of food. My friend and I both ordered bento boxes which were much greater than their run-of-the-mill counterparts at other Asian restaurants. Our waitress was very helpful and attentive. Extra points for the free shots!
Solid midtown lunch spot. Preferred over the other nearby options. Lunch specials for under $15
I've passed this place a lot but never though to go inside since it's a hotel restaurant and I figured it'd have some of the same stigma that other hotel restaurants have (expensive, sub-par food, etc.). But to my surprise, Asura is actually pretty good. It fills up, so get there early if it's a Friday. Service is fast, prices are reasonable. Their sushi is better than a lot of the other ones within a 5 block radius (admittedly, this is a low bar). They also seemed to not charge us for our sodas. Probably a mistake on their part, but hey, free drinks. My favorites were the spicy yellotail and the salmon skin roll.
Four stars because the drinks are strong and the lunch special is great! In general, a solid and decent quality restaurant choice amidst all the chains in the area.
The food was amazinggggg.... The service was nothing short of perfect..... The only reason I graded 4 stars was because they wouldn't accommodate our happy hour drinks..... Besides that everything was perfect...
Found a lipstick mark on the glass. The waitress with black framed glasses just snatched the glass away without an apology when we told her about that.There was some greasy substance floating on one of my friends' green tea. But that was not the worst...They gave me a wrong order - it should be lunch but came in dinner, which's larger and more expensive I knew, but there were spicy salmon rolls which I didn't like that day. I asked if I could just change the roll to what I ordered from the Lunch. Again without an apology the girl (the same one) told us it's actually more expensive and kind of refused my request. I only had 1 hour lunch break so decided not to have them re-do. Food was ok though.
Decent lunch specials. I take out two roll maki combo for $9.95 and comes with miso soup or basic salad. Brown rice is $0.50 extra per roll and $1 for avocado. But still all in all very good for this barren lunch area. The ladies and gents at the bar are very friendly and sometimes offer you water while you wait. Salmon avocado and spicy tuna added avocado.
Salmon sashimi : thin and not fresh. Extremely disappointingMiso soup : bland and tastes premadeGyoza : probably was frozen. The ling ling potstickers from Costco taste better than this..Tom yum : who puts bell peppers in tom yum? Tasted sweet and sour soupDragon roll : all avacado on top and eel inside. Uhhhh okay... too simple and wayyy too much avocadoRainbow : didnt even cut through the pieces all the way.. fish definitely not fresh. The best word to describe it would be terrible.The chef used the same fingers to sprinkle masago on our rolls and to shape the wasabi and ginger. We could tell because there was massago mixed into the two. Please tell me that's unsanitary? If they take shorcuts when we were the only guests in the restaurant, can you imagine what they do to save time when they're busy?
Very good and very fresh Sushi. Very reasonable prices.  And the service is great. I would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back soon
Cindy and the waitresses are great! The food and drinks are awesome! And they are quick and professional. Been here twice! Our spot for sushi definitely :) The atmosphere is cozy and relax. You can sit inside or outside too for summer time.
Very nice place, courteous and friendly staff and delicious food. Tried several appetizers and one entree - all very good. Nice ambiance. Have a full bar. $6.00 for a vodka martini in Manhattan is a bargain. I've paid as much as $16!Very close to Macy's, Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. Best part for me it was a very cold night. Walked out of my hotel, the Wingate, and was in the restaurant in 8 seconds.
reasonable priced with quality food. we had passion roll, hibachi chicken, and Tonkotsu Ramen Noodle Soup. Passion roll was great especially with the mango, ramen is also tasty. Hibachi chicken let me down a little because the flavor was not really in the chicken. However, it was mighty delicious in the 2nd morning when the flavor was in.
A co-worker had suggested this place to me during lunch. They had a lunch special for two rolls. Being that I am addicted to spicy tuna, ordered two of the spicy crunchy tuna rolls, and they tasted really good. The ratio of the crunch to the roll is perfect, they tasted how they should, and the tuna was fresh. It also came with miso soup, which was okay. Not that tasty but it was ok. All in all, I would recommend the place, though idk how service is if you eat in, I had take out.
Love the manager Cindy and our waiter Lee was the Best!! I came by with my friend yelping Sushi restaurants and we were stopped on the street to try this spot! Which was OUTSTANDING the customer service, food and vibe so freakin good! Make sure you try! Ask for Cindy or Lee:-)
I'm the manager of a business near by and I send all of my tourists customers here. Sushi is fresh great tasting and reasonably priced. The only concern is that you will not get cellular service in the dining area, only at the bar by the door.  They provide wifi, but I always need to be able to receive calls. That being said I go at least once a week!
Wandered in here after a bit of late night avoid-crowds-at-all-costs Black Friday "shopping". I had a hankering for sushi and decided to search yelp for suggestions.I hurriedly walked the long block or so behind Macy's. Though there were plenty of favorable reviews, I was not sure what to expect and almost turned around when I saw this place was part of a hotel. However I am glad I took the chance!Miso soup as the opener was on point. Not salty, enough seaweed and tofu and warm. Just what I needed! Next up: rainbow roll. The fish was fresh; you can see the chefs make your roll and you can tell they 1. know what they are doing 2. enjoy what they are doing so you know it was made with love.Finisher: fried ice cream! Delicious, not greasy. I ordered green tea and they accidentally gave me vanilla. It was closing time so I did not bother them to make a swap. However, the waitress promised she will get it right on my next visit. Comped. I'll be holding her to that -- and holding my 5th star until then.Happy to have found a cozy new sushi spot in the city. The close proximity to the shopping area guarantees I'll be back soon and frequently.
Came here with a friend on a Wednesday evening. We were in the area and decided to try it out base on Yelp reviews.Beef Negimaki Bento Box: nothing special. Few pieces of beef, few pieces of shrimp(?) nuggets, a whole load of rice and salad. Sushi that accompanied it was average.Thai pineapple fried rice: tasted nothing like what my impression of the dish is (and ive been to many thai restaurants, incl in thailand). That aside, it tastes bland, and was such a huge portion of rice than anything else. I didnt even want to finish it.Rock shrimp: average. Nice sauce, but the batter was thick.We also had one more sushi dish which we thought was just alright..Wont be back here again.Total cost: 62 after tip for 2
This place was superb! The location is very convenient and easy to commute to within Manhattan. In addition, the atmosphere is casual and relaxing--great for dates or even large groups. I had the opportunity to meet the manager, Cindy, and she was very welcoming and friendly. The staff who served our table was very attentive, helpful, and friendly, as well. In terms of food, our table shared three dishes: Malaysian pan-fried noodles, vegetable gyoza, and steak skews--all of which were very delicious and appetizing. The food was cooked well and did not take more than a few minutes to arrive at our table. I would definitely come here again and try their other dishes!
If you Love General Tso, this is the place to go!!! YUM. Try the Whiskey Passion Fizz (Strong) & B1G1 on Happy Hour $10
I've tried Asura a few different times for dinner and each time has been great! The service is very fast and friendly and the food is amazing!! My favorites are the sushi pizza and the Thai curry. They also have really good cocktails and a great happy hour deal!
Here is a haiku:Ate sushi last nightGot violently ill-- threw upAh, food poisoning
the 4 stars people have rated this place is a joke. the service staff is clueless and the food is below average....even by bad (but good) chinese/japanese standards. I came here because i figured, it's gonna be AT LEAST "ok". Wrong!
Yes!!! Loved this!!! Visiting New York for the first time and stumbled upon this and ordered takeout. Super easy to order. Delivery was quicker than estimated time. And everything was delicious!!! If I ever happen to be here again, I would definitely order again. Enthusiastic thumbs up!
Stopped in for takeout while visiting New York. I had the chicken Pad Thai which was very tasty and a huge helping. A nice place to eat at on a cold New York evening.
Came in to Penn Station after noon. Had a decent Pad Thai and off to the subway for business. Good service. I was the only one there.
I love this place , first time here and the sushi was fresh and just delicious.  Happy hour it's the be . During happy hour its buy one get one free . Strong and sweet .
After a day of shopping, stumbled upon this gem near Times Square. Pure Deliciousness!  Awesome customer service. Sushi was fresh. Entree was excellent! Everyone in my party enjoyed to the fullest. Will definitely go back when in NYC!
Great atmosphere. Good place to go after work 2for1 drinks and discounted sushi rolls !!
Stopped in on a whim for dinner while on vacation in New York City. Sat at the sushi bar wonderful service beautifully prepared tasty dishes would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi
Very good food, great service, solid place to go to!!! From the outside, it doesn't look like they have a lot of space, but once you go inside, they have a decent amount of room! Great dinner spot before hitting the airport!
I started ordering take out from here for my coworkers and I. When I went to pick up the food I discovered a great little bar inside & friendly staff. The women running the take out are always working hard and so far I've never had an order go wrong. I would give it four stars if only they'd make some of their rolls a little cheaper. The lunch specials are worth it however. Sushi is always fresh and tasty!
3rd time is the charm! Everything perfect! The food is obviously delicious so ill keep going back. I will be stopping in for drinks and sushi soon too. Everyone should definitely come and check this restaurant out!
Great lunch specials.  Nice ambience.  Loved the music!  Grabbed lunch here on a rainy day before my flight out.  The miso soup and tea were cozy and tasty and the sushi rolls hit the spot.  Definitely coming back on my next trip :)
I am a sushi fanatic and Japanese cuisine is the best cuisine out there. I've been around the track many times trying out different sushi places everywhere I go. I am not kidding when I say Asura is the best sushi I've ever had, hands down. To be honest, it's the best Japanese restaurant experience I've had in all of my Japan-cuisine-galavanting I've done in my day. The place is sort of hidden, and I believe it's paired with a hotel. I almost turned away because of that, but I gave it a shot anyway. I am beyond glad I did. I had just come back from Comic Con, so I was feeling extra weeb-y. This was a nice spot to walk to between the Javits Center and Penn Station. The restaurant is cute with a nice atmosphere. The waitress we had was extremely kind and attentive, and the rest of the staff was great as well. For an appetizer, I got mouthwatering crab rangoon. I loved every bite; you could tell the crab was fresh. I got two rolls of sushi for my meal. I can't remember what either of them were, but there was an assortment of spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, avocado, and everything else good in life. The ingredients were so fresh and full of flavor. I practically licked my plate clean. And if the atmosphere, staff, and food quality wasn't enough, the prices were great. It wasn't cheap sushi, but you get what you pay for, so I'm fine paying a little extra for some fresh fish. But for the quality of the food I was given, the prices were excellent. I can't argue enough that this little hidden gem is easily the best sushi restaurant I've ever come across. If you ever have a craving for Japanese food, you will surely not be disappointed at Asura. I will 100% go back there any time I'm in the area.
This place was amazing! From the sushi to the pad Thai. We where here from Seattle and we will be back for sure!:) Must have.
Went to Asura on Saturday night for dinner with friends from California. It was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Cindy (the owner) was so personable and accommodating. She even missed her bus back so we could stay and finish up our drinks. Sushi was delicious, fresh and affordable. She even brought out a green tea cake (on the house) for the birthday girl!
Kevin. Enough said. Drinks were amazing. Made fresh every time. Happy hour 5-9. Can't go wrong
Food was wonderful and cooked to perfection. My shrimps were huge! Service was quick and professional. Very clean and nice ambiance. My mother enjoyed her food as well and cleaned her plate. Wanted to try the mango coconut cheesecake but we were to full.
Japanese, Thai, & Chinese cuisines all under one cozy roof!  Asura is conveniently located on 35th St between 7th & 8th Aves.  It's right near my job so I go there often.  I've gone for lunch, dinner, and happy hour all in the same week -- that's how much I love this spot!  Their sushi is incredible! So fresh and flavorful.  The lunch and happy hour specials are fantastic too.  Buy one specialty roll and get the 2nd half price and $10 BOGO specialty cocktails from 4-8pm!  They have a great selection of cocktails, and the bartenders don't skimp on the pour.Oh, and did I mention that's Asura is also conveniently connected to the Wyndham Hotel?  So if you have one too many at their AWESOME HH, you can get a room! ;)  Plus they have a small patio in the front and a covered garden space in the back for private parties.  This place has everything!The food is really good here and the prices are very reasonable.  The staff is friendly -- ask for Cindy, the manager/server & owner(?).  When you go, tell her that Adrienne sent you and she'll hook you up! ;)
Awesome place to come.  Great food sushi Asian fusion  Cindy the owner is lovely and greats you as family.  Best happy hour on the city 3pm to 9pm. Will make food as you request. 2 for one drinks. $6 well drinks.  Best days to come Saturdays and Wednesdays.
The wonton soup is amazing! Staff is so kind and lovely!  Dreamy samon roll wonderful!!
Used Seamless to pickup 1 order for myself today: Today's Lunch: Tonkotsu Ramen Lunch Special A Simple $9 Lunch. The broth was flavorful and it was generously given. Not too salty. 5 Big pieces of pork belly meat, also generously given, but it was not proportional with the rest of the ingredient. Sadly, the noodle's elasticity were long gone before it reached my mouth. 5 mins in, the flavor from the port started sipping into the noodles, which made it little better to eat, however, the noodles were now disconnecting at each nab with my chopsticks. I haven't tried other things in the menu to provide more review about the restaurant overall, but in meantime, 2 Stars for the Ramen alone + 1 Star for Accuracy on the order. Ciao
This place defines value and tasty!  Food came fast and pleased our taste buds even faster!  Happy hour on drinks made us very happy!  $4 beers in NYC. Unheard of.
This is your run-of-the-mill Asian restaurants you would expect to find in midtown. What elevates this restaurant from the rest of its kind is that it's significantly cleaner. The pad thai has no defining flavors, will fill you up, but won't blow your mind. I would say it is just, "A-OK." The warm saki is delicious, which is definitely a plus and the lunch special price, $8.50, is a nice treat on your wallet for this part of town. Speedy service, you can be in and out in less than 30 minutes. It is a great lunch spot for those staying in the hotel next door, but I don't think I would go out of my way again to eat there.
I am very pleased with this place. It is in a very prime location. Happy hour drinks specials were great ( ranged between 4-6$ but not bad for city prices if full price anyway). Food was excellently flavored and fresh and most of all decently priced. The dinner deal was 3 rolls for $14 and get either a delicious ginger salad or soup. The rolls were big, with a good amount of fish. The atmosphere is chic but not overdone and not too crowded. There is even a cute little area outside to sit as well.  Service was fast and respectful. I definitely will be coming back and I recommend this place to everyone!
Yucky to-go order. Cooked food was too greasy and sushi did not seem fresh.
Amazing food at amazing prices. Drinks are also delicious.Ask for Kevin ;) you can't go wrong with him.
I was craving sushi but wanted to avoid the crowds in Ktown on a saturday night. This is the right spot. My friends and I get there at 6pm and we sat by the bar to wait for our other friends. Kevin was very nice, the drinks were half off until 9pm. I had a passion fruit mojito and it was really good. The sushi tasted good and fresh. One of my friends ordered a pork ramen noodle soup which was good too.Service was great: friendly, attentive and helpful. I loved the atmosphere, dimmed lights and low music so we can hear eachother talk. After 2 drinks, we all felt really nice, haha. I highly recommend this place and will definitely go back.
I came in here around 1:20 pm yesterday. I ordered the Thai steak kew lunch special to dine in. The lunch special comes with miso soup or salad and you have your choice of brown rice or white rice for entree which are served with rice. The salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, sliced cucumbers without the seed cavity, thinly shredded carrots, and surprisingly one wedge of tomato topped with Asian sesame dressing.  There was a fork and chopsticks on table so you could use either. The steak was stir fried with onions, zucchini, red bell peppers in a spicy sauce. I asked for hot sauce and I was given  a small dish of a smooth spicy Asian red sauce without seeds but it certainly tasted as if the seed were ground up in there. Delicious.I was definitely satisfied after that meal.
Asura is probably the most friendly restaurant I have been to in the city. Kevin the bartender and his mom are one of the nicest people in the world. They extended the buy one get one free drink offers and buy one get one 1/2 off sushi for our group (16 people) after 9 pm. I was very skeptical about the place as I thought it would be another typical asian sushi place but the service was just amazing. Another amazing perk were the free shots they gave us as it was a friends birthday party. I just really have never seen such accommodating people. They made sure that all our orders and food were of great quality. Nothing was left unnoticed or unattended as Kevin even left his bartending duties so that he can write down our orders. He made us feel very comfortable and was very outgoing. The food was just as great as I got the sushi. Rolls are definitely worth the price and very delicious. The ratio of rice to sushi was the right amount. What was even better was their noodle dishes. all the noodles were cooked correctly and seasoned well. Very good authentic cooking. I will definitely come back to this place as I can never forget the amazing family that ran the restaurant. As a food scientist and an over zealous foodie, this is a restaurant that you must eat in. New Yorker or tourist, this is a great place to get drinks and food. GO EAT THERE NOW! :)
Great sushi on an unassuming block.  It was just as good sushi as I have had in any  Japanese restaurant in Manhattan except maybe Nobu or Sushisay.  The staff was super nice and accommodating and the prices were reasonable.  They had a good selection of Saki and wines too.  Great neighborhood find.  My only complaint was the awful techno music but that seems to be a favorite among sushi places.
This is a really great Asian fusion restaurant. I went there for lunch.  Bento boxes and sushi were on point. A good size, not too big or too small. Great for an intimate meal.  Reasonable prices and close to Penn station.Would definitely recommend in the future.
I came here for a quick sushi bite before a show.  It was good for both casual or dining in back. We stayed up at the bar and got some of their happy hour specials (sushi and specialty drinks). Good till 8pm!   Will update once I try the food!  Drink spicy (asked for it that way) and good.    Update:  the rolls were great and some unique ones.  Actually some of the best sushi we had.  My gf is a big fan of it as well.
Great food, friendly, courteous and efficient staff and beautiful setup. I can't fault them on anything really. For the price you get excellent value for money which is saying something. Highly recommended if you are in the area.
Very busy place afterwork and seems like a fun time during happy hour at the bar. Food is just okay however, your typical Thai cuisine, not bad but not great. They are quite generous with the portion sizes tho and in my Shrimp Pad Thai there was a good amount of shrimp included. Prices are average but I think drinks are discounted at certain times. Decent spot in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come to dinner here.
never ever ever ever eating here again! first and last time. i found the longest strand of hair in my food and im about to throw up. disgusting. I was honestly so disgusted I couldn't even take a picture. Shameful. I saw in one of the pictures someone found s worm in their sushi and I found a hair in either my fried rice or chicken and broccoli. Very disappointing. Almost $30 wasted
Their staff is very friendly and the location is perfect being a couple of blocks away from school. I love their Manhattan and Asura rolls!! I'll come back for that. Happy hour is around 4pm!
The food was barely good. They messed up my order and made absolutely no pass to remedy it. Instead they acted as though blame was on me and seemed to disregard my concerns. If you want basic Asian fare this is a good place. If you want an enjoyable experience ..................
Came here today with a friend for lunch.  I order the crispy fish lunch with brown rice, which was Delicious.  Sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and super sweet!  You also can't beat the price, under $10 in Manhattan!! Will definitely be back!
Comfortable environment though not very memorable. The food was average. We had both sushi and cooked dishes. The staff was friendly. I would say this is probably more suitable for work day lunch or something like a quick meal, but not a place for special meals.
The food was delicious. Literally the flavour was perfect. It wasn't salty or bland. It was just right. However, the service was HORRIBLE. She didn't come to check up on us. We had to ask for our waters to be refilled. She was on her phone instead of tending customers. Also, when we asked for her she yelled WHAT DO YOU WANT?  Otherwise, the food was perfect.
Great food and service. The Thai shrimp fried rice is incredible! The Sashimi is super fresh and the drinks are good too!
Very reasonable prices for high quality sushi. Great happy hour deals. This is a real hidden gem in Manhattan. We try to go every time we visit the city.
Great lunch specials with various maki cut rolls, really affordable.  Service is good and staff is nice.  Food tasted great and my stomach felt fine all day.
Stayed at the Wingate hotel for work and this little gem is attached to the hotel.   This is a PERFECT spot to sit at the bar, have a fantastic cocktail and delicious sushi.  High quality sushi, Fast, and fresh.  Can't go wrong!
Great food! Had beef Lo Mein and it was delish! Happy hour is buy 1 get 2nd half off, great cocktails too!
If I could give this restaurant 1 star, I would. I came here because of the high ratings on Yelp - I was not impressed by the service. The waitress was rude and impatient and switched service in the middle of our meal. I ordered the Pad Thai. After the meal, I was fine - about 3 hours later I became ill. I was vomiting the entire night and was extremely ill for approximately 2 days after eating at this restaurant. All and all, I wouldn't recommend eating here to my worst enemy.
Stopped into this place while in New York City on vacation. We ate at the sushi bar and the chef was not only friendly he was creative. We had the sushi sampler the Manhattan roll and a special roll he made just for us that was off the hook. Probably some of the best sushi I've ever eaten. Highly recommended enjoy enjoy enjoy
I wish the food was as good as the ambiance!  This is a beautiful restaurant that is seemingly spotless.  Unfortunately, the food was lacking.  The chicken pad thai was fresh, but completely bland.  The sushi was very fishy - tasting and smelling.  Gave them two tries.  Won't be returning.
I was looking for a place in the area to catch up with a friend. He wanted sushi, I wanted drinks and this place was perfect. 2 for 1 drinks until 9:00pm. (I recommend the lychee martini, but I'm also just a lychee freak) I had pineapple fried rice -- ah-mazing -- and a spicy crunchy tuna roll which was pretty standard. My friend found a piece of plastic in his iced tea, but they didn't charge us for it. Other than that great experience, I'll be back!
