Bottom line: bad service, bad food, bad experience. Ordered coconut soup. Got pepper soup with a side of sand added. Ordered Kashmiri naan. Came out looking like a brownie and was burnt to a crisp. Ordered chicken korma. Easiest dish possible. Got chicken soup with little flavor. And they had the nerve to charge me $4 for the plain white rice and charge me for the barely eaten Korma.  Go to Bengal Tiger. It's 180 degrees different. Just signed my bill so I'm going to walk over there and buy dinner again.
They were so nice. The food was great. We called for a reservation just an hour before. When we got there they had set up a whole table with flowers and drawings all over the table. They were super meticulous about everything, even putting rose petals in the wine chiller. Small place personal family run service that is worth a trip
I'm not in the habit of writing bad reviews but I came here for lunch on their Saturday buffet for $11.95. HUGE mistake!Food was cold, tasted so horrible - I would have done a better job cooking Indian dishes and I don't know how to cook them! Service was horrible too! Don't come here - you will regret it! The best part of my meal - the chai tea that I paid for. It was hot, tasty and up to par.
Unworthy of anyone's time and money:After reading good reviews on yelp, I decided to try out Aaheli's lunch buffet. Once we reached there, we were shocked to see how small the place and how uncourteous the staff was. At the entrance it was written that a full 16 course lunch buffet would be served but the spread consisted of Tandoori chicken (bland) Plain naanChicken tikka masala (very sweet) Vegetable chettinadSaagChickpeaLentilsPlain riceRice puddingThe food was terrible and the service was awful. We were served dirty cutlery, no spoons,  there were no bowls for dessert,  the dessert was finished by 2pm and they offered us old reheated gulab jamun in return, which was a sweet gesture but unsatisfactory attempt nonetheless. When we asked for more bowls, the manager handed us the check,  he was just not interested in making sure his customers were tended to. All in all a 0 star rating. Extremely disappointed. I wouldn't recommend anyone this place, ever.
It pains me to give 3 stars because they were so nice, but I have to do it.  To set the stage, I went there on a Friday night for a double date.  We'll start out with the...Positives: the staff was very friendly.  I didn't know this beforehand, but part of their thing was to throw roses at you/the table as you sat down.  It might not sound like it, but it was surprisingly cute.  Also when we asked for them to chill our bottle of wine they brought it back out in a huge jug with ice and... shocker... more roses petals.  But again it was cute. Their prices were better than average and you definitely felt special.  The servers have a lot of personality and they're very helpful when asked for recommendations.  They gave us a free dessert to share, rice pudding.  You also can't forget they are BYOB!Negatives: I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and asked for it spicy.  I realized this was likely a cocky mistake to make at an Indian restaurant, but I accepted it.  However, to my surprise I got a mildly spicy chicken dish, by far the weakest vindaloo I've ever had.  Not a ton of flavor with it either.  I wouldn't recommend the simosas either.  I tried some of the other dishes at my table, most of which were average.  So overall this place has the potential to be a 4 or 4 1/2 star place, and maybe they just had an off night in the kitchen, but for now they're just OK.
I ordered from here through friends recommendation but trust me if u want to eat actual Indian Indian food I will not recommend this place to you.Chicken curry tasted like rotten tomatos.I had to feed my self stuffing things in my mouth due to amount I spent. Please look up "HOW TO MAKE INDIAN FOOD ON GOOGLD"
This place is solid. I come here once ever couple months. Always get great food. Amazing naans
This place is one of my neighborhood faves. On a street like Ninth Ave in Hells Kitchen, with so many great restaurants, I think this small place can get overshadowed, but it's not to miss! The food is delicious, and the owner and staff couldn't be nicer.  I typically order from the vegetarian dishes, esp the saag - it's hard to stray from the favorites, but I'm determined to eat my way through the menu! The fresh garlic naan and the lemon rice are a must.
By far the most inedible Indian food I have had in a long time !! Went for the lunch buffet and regretted it from the first bite
Food is not that good, I saw flies roaming on my food also the staff was least interested in attending the customers and very unfriendly. I had ordered spicy chicken curry and they made it sweet.
While visiting NY I found this gem on yelp and ordered togo and it was awesome. I had the Chicken Biryani very spicy and it was awesome. You better be ready for some spice. Big chunks of well seasoned chicken. The rice was cooked perfectly. Also, delivered hot. Great job and hoping this won't end like am episode of Seinfeld. One other note, this is the first time I used Yelps ordering service. It went very smoothly and my credit card was protected from the business.
The food was good. I had never had Indian coconut soup before and was truly surprising and flavorful. I also ordered chicken makhani, which was equally as delicious.When I got my bill I put $40 in the bill folder, enough to pay my tab, leave a tip, and get change. The manager brought me one $20 bill and my check and said he needed more cash. I explained that I put in $40, not $20. He insisted. I knew that in this case it would be useless to argue, so I gave him $20 more. I might be mistaken about giving him the original $40, but I honestly don't think so. I had similar experiences in India. I am disappointed and I don't I will come back.
Ordered seamless from them. Fish Makhani. Rice came with the order. Food was great, asked for extra spicy which was perfect for me. Would recommend again.
Not worth the cost - I've had better Indian food. I went here for the BYOB part, but they amp up the prices on the food to make up for it. The service was good though. I believe rice comes separately as well.........
I went in for lunch after reading reviews on yelp. In my experience so far, Food is average. Ambience is below average. Overall average. I would recommend alternative cheaper and more authentic indian food on 8 th ave.
Unfortunately their vegetarian menu is lackluster. The vegetable biryani was made with poor quality rice. Basmati rice should be aromatic fluffy long strands of amazing flavor. This rice was not fluffy, the grains were broken, and the nutty aromatic flavor was absent. Disappointed b/c I was craving biryani so bad. I also tried chettinad and hyderabadi baghara baigan. Both lacked flavor as well and were in too heavy of a sauce. I will most likely throw out the food b/c it's not even remotely appetizing.
I love this place for Indian food.  There's not a ton of seating but I get the food to go if the place is full - the food is that good.  I especially love the Mulligatawny soup and the coconut rice.  The somasas are very good as well.  Whenever I'm in the city with other people, I always take them here.  I also love the BYOB so that you can spend more on the food.  I always order an extra entree and use it for a couple of lunches during the week - that's how good the food is.  The service is outstanding as well.Very good spot.
Came here on Tuesday night with my parents and sat inside.Everything was perfectly fine with this restaurant, but, I've definitely had better Indian food.The pappadum served at the beginning of the meal was slightly on the chewy side; pappadum is suppose to be crispy, but, the sauces with the pappadum were great!We ordered the garlic naan, mushroom matar and the kadai paneer. The kadai paneer was very gingery and I liked that best of the two dishes. The mushroom matar was okay, just a little underseasoned in my opinion. Everyone at the restaurant was super friendly and nice, so, I loved that aspect.All in all, not my favorite Indian food in the city, but, its close to my apartment and the people are really nice. Would come back.
The food here is so yummy and the service is incredible. Thank you for a wonderful last dinner in NYC!
This is my most favorite Indian food restaurant in the world.   I almost never write yelp reviews but had to for this place.   I love their food,  their ambiance,  their hospitality,  and their ability to serve custom made dishes for people who like lighter (less oil and cream) Indian food. My table of five ate what I aye and loved it every bit as much as I did so this is like five reviews in one  My fiance and I come here every time we're in NYC to visit friends and we always have the best time! Thanks to Hareesh, the wonderful amazing chef, and staff at the restaurant for making our day yet again!
Worst and unhygienic restaurant(flies around table). Don't have so many varieties and staff were very rude. No Air condition, will never go back to  restaurant.
Great Indian food. My only quibble with the food is that both the chicken and the lamb could have been a little more tender (comparing to 5-star Indian food); but it wasn't tough. The sauces were remarkably flavorful, even when stacked up against other great Indian food.The decor/ambiance is nothing special, so can't really justify 5 stars, and the service wasn't anything special either. In fact, we sat for quite a while trying to get someone's attention to bring us the check. Even still, this is a solid 4 star Indian restaurant, and can easily see eating here again on a future visit to NYC.
Haven't been here for awhile but manager Kumar remembers me and my better half even though she's not here and what she orders.   Great food and excellent service.  Lamb chops every time!
Good, quick cheap lunch. $10, can't complain.Tiny restaurant, come early!
I had the chicken makhani here and loved it. I recommend it over the chicken vindaloo. I also had the fried eggplant with tamarind sauce as an appetizer and it was ok. It was a bit heavy on the sauce, but other than that it was just ok.Overall not a bad experience. I'd return here.
Solid Indian food in the middle of Hell's Kitchen! The Vegetable Kofta was amazing, as was the Hyderabadi Baingan we ordered. The 5-dhal special was also solid.
I will let my girlfriends review speak for me. I am too busy drinking my beer. Place was excellent! Cheers!
Good food and great service. The place is a hole in the wall but the service was phenomenal. We were went there with our toddler and the staff took extra care to ensure that the kid was entertained . The food was also great. All in all a good place for Indian food.
This place is phenomenal! The food is delicious and unique. You can bring any alcohol you want and there is no corking fee. They have an unbeatable lunch for $10.50 that is all you can eat. They people who work there are very warming and kind. The service is as good as it gets. One time I went here with my girl friend, and after we were done eating the waiter brought us a delicious white pudding with "love" and a heart written on it in chocolate syrup. This was so special for me and my girl friend and really made her night. You must go to this place if you can!
LOVE their spicy vegetarian options. If you like spicy food, and you don't eat meat, check our their selections, because they're insane. (I'm sure if you eat meat and like spicy foods, you can also find something tasty.) Delivery is prompt and the man on the phone is always very nice. We have not eaten there in-house yet, just because the place is very small, but it's worth ordering delivery because it's all so tasty!EDIT: We've since dined there in person and had just as great an experience. The service and presentation was lovely.
I went here last night with my brother in search of a spicy meal that would actually deliver. We received amazing service and the two lamb dishes we had were delicious and EXTREMELY SPICEY.  We will definitely be making this a regular dinner spot. Looking forward to trying their lunch buffet. Thanks for the wonderful experience.
Great food - especially the eggplant curry dish. Great service as well. Enjoyable, quiet and satisfying.
My family went to dinner here last week.  There was six of us, including my sister, the actress, Bettina Skye.  We had a wonderful time. The food was amazing, and the service was great. I highly recommend this place for a nice dinner out!
My family and I visited Aaheli on Diwali for dinner, and we were so satisfied with the experience. Because it was Diwali, we decided to stick to vegetarian food for the night, but we are all excited to return and try out some of the seafood and meat dishes.Thanks, Aaheli, for making us feel like we were at our Mama's table at home on Diwali. Getting a Table: There is limited space, but we came on a week night around 8:30pm and had no issue or wait time. Service: Our servers were quick and never let our water or wine glasses go dry.BYOB: There was no corking fee, and there are plenty of wine shops in the area.Food: Free Papaddum - I always love having our Indian version of "chips and salsa" as I look over the menu. The chutneys were great (green mint/jalepeno/cilantro, brown date/tamarind, and red tomato/onion), and the papaddum wasn't overly spiced with cumin...just right.Appetizer - We LOVED the aloo tikki (potato fritter). I don't remember if it was described as chaat, but it had channa (chickpeas) and an excellent chutney kick to it. There was plenty for the 3 of us to share, and I would definitely order this one again. It reminded me of my favorite samosa chaat.Dinner - The three of us each ordered one entree each, shared them family style, and still were not able to finish everything. Each dish was YUM and complimented the others. Mattar Mushroom (this dish won out of all three...had a creamy curry with peas and mushrooms with a rich garlic base...we couldn't stop eating this one and would order it again definitely)Saag Paneer (classic Indian dish with homemade cheese and spinach...beautifully executed...fresh spinach...tender paneer)Kashmiri Vegetable Korma (nut and cream based curry with fresh vegetables)
Not a fan.  The samosas were good, the rice was good, the naan was good.  But, the chicken masala and lamb korma were not good at all.  Very bland flavors, not good at all.  You can do much better in NYC.
My sister and I came across Aaheli when we were searching for someplace to grab dinner in the area. Aaheli's playful design jumped out at us yelp.com/biz_photos/7Dm0…, and they looked new, clean, and welcoming so we thought, why not? She ordered the CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA yelp.com/biz_photos/7Dm0… and I ordered the LAMB VINDALOO yelp.com/biz_photos/7Dm0… . Think the photos look uncannily similar? Well that might be because they tasted as if they'd been seasoned with the same few spices too. The only difference, besides the choice of meat, was that the tikka masala tasted like cream of tomato soup while the vindaloo was more on the sour side. I did like that the curries came with fresh ginger on top, but overall I was extremely unimpressed with what seemed like a dumbed down version of Indian cuisine. At $13 for a curry, I expected that it would come with rice, but rice has to be ordered as a side. We ordered BASMATI RICE yelp.com/biz_photos/7Dm0… and NAAN yelp.com/biz_photos/7Dm0… to go with our curries. The naan came out nice and toasted, but unfortunately the basmati rice was clumpy and flavorless. Where's the spice? Where's the saffron?While the food wasn't horrible, it definitely wasn't worth the price. Perhaps their daily $10 lunch buffet from noon-3PM is more justifiable, but after trying their food once, I'm not inspired to go back, even for a good deal.
Great food. Tamarind rice and chicken tikka was Very flavorful. Service was very friendly. Thank you
We love everything we've ever eaten at Aaheli.  Coconut rice is delicious, I had vegetable korma, my husband had a chicken dish that was very tender.  It's a small restaurant.  We ate outside.  Service was fabulous & friendly.  Food always comes quickly.  We brought our own wine (2 bottles), and I accidentally knocked over the unopened bottle and broke it.  That was no problem.  The owners cleaned it up and assured us it was no bother at all.  Some NYC restaurants are snobby & pretentious.  This is definitely not the case at Aaheli.  Can't wait to go back again.  Thank you, Aaheli!
Yummy Yummy food but the service was only "okay."We only saw the waiter when he took our order, when he brought it, and then we had to call for him to bring the check. Not once did anyone check on us during the meal.And I find it odd that the menu clearly states "served with basmati rice" they actually charge $3.50 extra if you do want the rice. When he asked if we wanted rice I asked "Well doesn't it come with it?" and he said it didn't. So I guess "served with basmati rice" means "served with basmati rice for an extra $3.50" ???
This was a very good Indian Restaurant.  Four of us came for dinner and we all really loved the food and the place. We had Chicken Korma, Basmati Rice, Chicken Tikka Masala, Idli Sambar, Gobi Bhuma, Punjabi Chole, and some other items. The food was well prepared, presented well,  and it was delicious. The menu had a very nice variety of dishes and service was good.  The prices are very reasonable.  If I am  in the neighborhood again around 52nd and  9th I will  eat there again.
What I want to know is what kind of Indian place doesn't serve rice with their entrees. Rice is extra? Please...maybe if your food was tastier. It's decent, but not enough to make me want to go back. There's plenty of other Indian places I can go to where the rice is free.
A coworker and I had a serious yearning for Indian, and decided to give Aaheli a shot.  An interesting little place.After running across the street for some beer (no liquor license....that cost a star...seriously...an Indian restaurant with no beer?), we ordered some Garlic Na'an (PERFECTLY done), some appetizers, and a couple of dishes.  All were served perfectly, spiced well, and the staff was incredibly attentive.The only issue we had (aside from the aforementioned beer) was how packed together everything was.  I mean, I know it's NY, but we were jammed up against the cleaning station, with virtually no room to move our arms without getting jarred by staff walking through the aisle.But the food is good...definitely the real thing.
Great food, super friendly, easily priced - the buffet was well stocked, hot, and fresh.  Air conditioning is a bit low for this enclosed tight space - but perfectly acceptable.  Definitely put on your list!
Very tiny homey place, the staff are always super nice and attentive and will make extra seating if possible (i.e. grab folding table from the back and set you up to make you feel like you are eating at someone's mom's house). The food has complex flavors and not too heavy/greasy. Can't believe they offer $10 lunch buffet with sooooo much variety, including many different tasty vegetable options. Love this hole-in-the-wall place!
My lovely wife Madeleine and I have dined at this fine establishment several times and they've never ever disappointed us, and we know our Indian food!The food is excellent and the service always very sweet and accommodating.Here's just one small example.  My wife happens to hate green peas (don't me ask why) so when I ordered the side order of rice I asked if they could be so kind as to eliminate the green peas.   They did better than that; they served me the green peas, as a separate side order (for free).The place is BYOB, so that's always a plus if you are on a tight budget.The only negative I can think of is the size of the place.   This is a fine place for just two, a possibility for four or six, if you call ahead, but not really an option for a larger group.
Great food, great and quick service.It is a very cool place.When we got there, there were only a few customers. After like 10 min we sat down the place was packed!The food tastes amazing!!! My boyfried who did not like Indian food now does like it.!This place is simply great!!
My friend and I have been here a couple times for dinner now.  The owner/manager was very friendly and would constantly check up on us.  He offered us extra sides and rice - which we had not ordered - at no cost and made us feel at home.  Tasty food with a pleasant atmosphere.  Definitely Recommended!
Very small but good food. and BYOB is an added bonus.  We started with the Bhajis veggie fritters which were nicely crisp.  The mint sauce, however, was sparingly given and was not very intense.  I had the chicken jalfrizi which was quite nice and had a tomato-y, vinegary taste much like vindaloo. But my wife's disk, the lamb madras, which was a coconut curry, was exceptional.  would recommend the latter. The place is very small and we were seated in the back, basically right in middle of the wait station. it kinda sucked. so pass on that table if offered.
Such a lovely, petite, warm atmosphere for a casual, romantic night of Indian food. Everything tasted delicious, and the server and manager, KK, was hospitable and attentive. We will definitely go back.
Omg this place is legit! I'm Indian, born and raised in India, and the food really does taste home cooked. The ingredients are super fresh (mm that fresh ginger in the saag chicken) and the food is incredibly tasty. Their masala dosa is WAY better than many of the masala dosas I've had in Bangalore i.e. THE place for a masala dosa in India - not oily, manageable size, yummy potato filling. Man, I had leftovers from the Kerala fish curry (portions are pretty decent) and it was so good that I portioned it out for days after, like rations in a bomb shelter. The service is seriously the best I've experienced in NYC (I guess it helps that me and some of my friends there were Indian :) but the wait staff was so incredibly warm and hospitable that it kinda made me want to take a flight back home. The chef even came out to check that we enjoyed the food. I mean, while we were ordering dessert, the waiter even told us not to order some stuff because it wasn't optimally fresh - nearly every single other low to mid-range Indian restaurant I've been to in the city wouldn't have bothered to think twice about an order, even if the food was three months old. He then proceeded to get us the desserts that *were* fresh, on the house! Yay! Only drawback is the place is a bit small and the tables can get kinda cramped. But with food and service like this, who cares. Oh, AND it's BYOB. Dealbreaker, if nothing else is.
A quick lunch, That is very cheap, filling and satisfying. They have a 7 days a week $9.95, all you can eat lunch buffet. Not a huge selection, but quality trumps quantity in this case. The lamb was the highlight of the meat dishes. So much flavor. The tandoori chicken was also good. A seemingly constant supply of fresh out of the oven delicious naan. The rice was just plain, not seasoned like I'm used to seeing at Indian food places but of course this is probably preferred because they had their own separate dishes set out with different spices and idly so you could season it however you like. This place had some good veggie dishes as well. I'm not a big fan of squash but their green squash was pretty tasty. This place is also BYOB, and I mean who doesn't like to go out to an all you can eat Indian buffet and get smashed!
Had Buffet Lunch on a Friday..Pros: Food Taste is good..Cons: Very limited choice of Food.. We had Pongal, Naan, Pulao, Daal, Saag Spinach, Aalu Mutter, Gulab Jamoon & Fruits(Melons), Chicken Masala (2 varieties). No Side dish for Pongal.. Limited Seating Area (Max 10 people)..
I went to this place with my best friend since we were craving Indian food. I must say that the food here is amazing. We both loved what we ordered. I def recommend for appetizers the aloo tiki and for dinner the chicken vindaloo. Everything was tasty and delicious here. We will be making another visit soon!
Not recommended.The staff at this extremely tiny place cant seem to walk and chew gum at the same time. There are about 8-10 tables in the restaurant. Its has a B grade and is a BYOB but we were craving some Indian and decided to try it anyway (Tuesday Sep 24, 2013). Got seated at 8.30 pm and left at 9.45 pm without our food being served. As did 2 other tables. They said they were busy with takeout and hence the delay. I don't think I saw more than 7-10 orders for takeout in the hour plus we were there so don't get how they can be so poorly managed. Probably just have a tiny kitchen and a very inefficient manager. Also, not sure why take out orders get preference over the sit in patrons. Like the table next to us we left without eating an had Mexican next door. What a waste of an evening !
It was not bad. It wasn't good. I was underwhelmed. The Bharta (eggplant) was extremely garlicky, even for my taste. Chicken kebab was okay.
Very nice cozy place, with genuine Indian food. I had the lamp, so good, just as spicy as I wanted it. Waiter is very nice and friendly. Definitely will go back with my friends.
Not impressed. Food was mediocre, service was friendly but on the inattentive side throughout. Rice was also charged separately at $8. The waitress asked if I wanted rice but it was not clearly indicated this was not included until the bill came. This very seldom occurs. This is a bit my own fault for not double checking the price on the menu, but regardless, I've never heard of a small bowl of rice costing $8, and I left pretty frustrated overall.
I travel to NYC very often and have tried a lot of Indian restaurants around Midtown. This one by far was the worst when it comes to vegetarian food. I had a lunch buffet and the food did not taste good at all. There was no flavor and it looked like the chef did not want to cut the vegetables as every dish had large chunks of vegetables.
My dumba** walks downstairs and onto 9th without wearing a coat.  Sure, it's cold... but I'm only going to drop off trash and pick up lunch...I get inside Aaheli to order, and the guy makes a joke about me not wearing a coat.  I said that it was going to be a quick trip, and that I didn't think I'd need one... he pulls up a chair and places me in front of the heater.  Next thing I know, he brings me a bowl of incredible soup to warm up with.I order vegetable samosas and a Masala Dosa.I opened up the tin foil to find not one but two delicious dosas!  The potatoes were seasoned wonderfully, with curry leaves and mustard seed, and the dosa was the right texture and flavor.  The coconut chutney was probably in the two two or three I've ever had.The vegetable samosas were good, although nothing to write home about.  I dipped them in the coconut chutney.I also had a little present in my bag -- a little bowl of this wonderful vegetable soup.  I guess the guys didn't want me to be cold when I got back to the apartment.A gigantic lunch... and just $16.  The staff was very friendly and personable -- turns out it's an owner/operator restaurant, meaning the guy who cooks your food owns the place.PROTIP:  $15 credit card minimum.
I'm a massive indian food eater and this was quite a shock. The dishes were so sweet it was more like desert. The dishes were also quite pricey for what it was. The curry base was canned tomatoes and bell peppers, how original! The ingredients were more like italian than indian. A side of plain rice is $5 waaaat?! On top of an already overpriced curry?! The toilets were a combined toilet and storage room for the restaurant and the serving area was so cluttered, it was like a students' bedroom.
This was a spontaneous lunch spot that me and my friend wanted to try. After failing to get brunch on a July 4th Monday, we came into this little place. We were attracted by their cheap lunch buffet for only $9.95. I was hesitant because I'm not the type to just walk into a restaurant and hope that it is good. I like to do my yelp research first. So, that day I was just trying to be open minded. I thought about just getting an entree at first, but the prices seemed higher than I thought Indian food would be. And I didn't really know what all the dishes consisted of because it was first time trying Indian food. Yes, I repeat, it was my first time trying Indian food. SO, I decided the best way to get my first experience was to try a lot of different things -so lunch buffet it was!Everything smelled delicious and looked great. So I decided to try a little of everything. There was rice, which was yummy. The chickpeas were SO GOOD. I think I helped myself to three servings. The curry with potatoes and cauliflower was spicy and yet delicious as well. There was this really dark chicken curry that I wasn't much of a fan of. The tandoori chicken seemed to be the most popular, but I thought it was just okay. The fish curry was the highlight of the brunch. The most addicting thing of all was the naan. I think I had like five. And there was a sauce bar for the naan -taziki, cilantro and mint and many others. I was happy to have a huge array of different Indian dishes that I could try all at once. I was quite content. Overall, I came to the conclusion that Indian food is similar to Thai food, but just heavier on seasoning and spices. I love it! I have nothing else to compare this place to because it was my first time being in an Indian restaurant, but I'm excited to try many others. I really did enjoy the lunch buffet. I'm glad to have stumbled upon this place. If I was ever in the area I would go back. The bad thing is, when it's a buffet, it's hard to stop eating. I think me and my friend went three rounds. Yum! This place won't disappoint!
Loved the food and their hospitality. Went there last week. Wonderful people help you select what would be best for you. Will go again
A nice, cute Indian place in the higher parts of "Hell's Kitchen." (Side note: Hell's Kitchen is technically further west than most folks think...)Back to restaurant review, long wait for us to get in, but service was pretty quick.  Healthier and cleaner tasting, but somewhat on the blander side.  I like my Indian food with serious kick in it.
5 months later, been here a bunch more times, and still the best casual Indian spot in hell's kitchen. Attentive staff, great manager, and most importantly we really like the food.
Absolutely delicious food in the heart of Hells Kitchen. While the price of rice was not included in the dishes we ordered (which seemed odd), at least we were informed (so this did not come as a surprise on the bill). The food was so incredibly tasty that we didn't mind paying a bit more for quality. Truly, some of the best Indian food we have ever had--and we are fans!
Gross.We picked this place because we were very hungry and Indian seemed like a good idea. It was the last meal with my friend before she took off for  CA indefinitely. So sad that our last meal in a while had to be so grotesque.My soup tasted like sock water, the chicken tikka had rubbery chicken (not white meat as stated) and no flavor whatsoever and the thin bread wasn't crunchy.If you don't have taste buds or want to make someone really angry by taking them to culinary hell, bring them here.I will never ever EVAH even think of returning to this place.Agh.
Delicious!! The service seems to be dependent on who is working. The food is great though and reasonably priced. Bring your own alcohol, corkage is free.
Can't believe we've lived a block away for a year and a half and we've only discovered the lunch buffet today. Had takeout from here before but this was our first time eating in the restaurant. Being from England we love our curry and generally head down to curry row but the weather was so awful we went here instead. And we were very pleased we did! The buffet was so tasty - plenty of vegetarian options, an amazing spicy soup and rice pudding to end. And so reasonable. Staff were great and had a nice chat with the manager about cricket. We'll be back for sure.
Staff is super friendly, the restaurant is cozy and charming.The chicken tikka masala is wonderful. Can't go wrong here if you're craving Indian food.
Walking around the nabe, starving and decided to just drop by without even checking on yelp reviews. What I loved: the garlic naan was so hot, fresh and tasty. It was part pillowy soft and part crispy. Really good stuff. The tikka masala was just the right amount of sweet and savory and the lamb was moist, tender, well- seasoned and it was a very sizeable portion for the price. What I liked: the vindaloo was very spicy and tasty with tender lamb, potatoes but I have had better. What I didn't like: service was nice but super slow. The space is cramped, furniture is old and uncomfortable and they could do with a paint job. It's not a fancy place so don't go expecting that. All in all I gave it a 4, cos I left full and well fed. It's more of a 3.5 star joint but since yelp won't let me give half stars, I rounded up.
This was my first foray into Indian food, and well worth it. My friend Alechia and I walked past this place on restaurant row. She had said she was in the mood for Indian and we stopped to look at the menu in the window. We were swayed in by the very friendly manager. This place is super super tiny. The tables only seat up to maybe 4, a very cozy type place. The menu is kinda large and since I had never had Indian food, Alechia and our new friend the manager helped me with suggestions. They brought out for us this really thin flatbread that was so light but so crispy... like nothing i have ever had before. It comes with three dipping sauces with a variety of heats, so there is something for everyone.I got the chicken tika masala, an Indian staple and a good traditional dish to start with. I also ordered a side of coconut rice. Alechia got the chicken vindaloo with a side of plain rice and asked them to make her vindaloo extra spicy. We also shared an order of garlic naan bread. The portions are pretty generous (especially the rice, we could have just split one) and come out family style. I really enjoyed my dish. No it was not spicy, but it had a lot of great flavor. The chicken was marinated in yogurt with herbs and spices and came with a tomato based sauce on the side. I was so happy that I went with our new friend's suggestion. Alechia loved her vindaloo... i wouldn't know as i wouldn't dare to try it after she starting sweating. But i guess if you are sweating as you eat it, then it must be good. The naan bread had just the right amount of crisp and softness to it and had a delicious amount of garlic and herbs ontop.Our new friend the manager then sent us a dessert on the house. It was this indian style rice pudding with pistachios and i think maybe raspberry sauce. it was creamy and had a floral taste to it that made me wanna like the plate clean. Prices were moderate, space is tiny, food is delicious, staff is friendly, attentive. Food comes out fast and hot. Honestly, no real complaints other than the spice is just so freaking small, but i mean, i just wouldn't go there with like 10 people. i'm excited to return for my second indian food lesson.
My expectations were relatively low...but I was continually surprised by how delicious this food was.  The sauces, flavors, and vegetables were really fresh (nice gingery zing does the trick).I was more than impressed with the okra and spinach dishes.  I thought the chicken was great.  And the mango chutney was nice and thick.  I eat a ton of Indian food, and I must say that this places takes the cake.
We ordered Chicken Madras, sweet lassi, nan and some rice and let me tell you, it was amazing ... highly recommended ... really tasty, medium spicy and very well priced !!!
I guess I should have known when I walked in and there was a bug on the plate that I wasn't in for a good experience. But I was like, "Oh, it's summer, it'll be alright."My salad, which sounded delicious on the menu, "fresh tomatoes, cucumber, carrots, onion, bell peppers, lemon & green chilli" was about 1/2 a head of iceberg lettuce with maybe 3/4 of a roma tomato and a few bites of cucumber. There was no chilli or any dressing. My friend was discouraged from ordering the chicken vindaloo by the waitress. She had chicken tiki masala instead. She said it was less than okay, and had no flavor. Rice was an additional $4. $4! Of course, the charge was not mentioned. I wouldn't go back here. I wanted to like them due to the BYOB and cute little tables and exposed brick wall, but sadly no.
The soft-spoken and shy owner saves his personality for the food. Upon entering this modest, ten table Hell's Kitchen Indian restaurant, you will be greeted by the soft spoken, heavy set owner. The right word to describe his demeanor would be.... sweet. He is a sweet man. However, his food is much more than that. The flavors are fresh and interesting. What looks like chaos, tastes like a perfect harmony. Yes, the food at Aaheli is amazing, and much like the sweet man at the door, it will leave you feeling refreshed, hopeful, and happy.Enjoy!-pk
We are guests to New York City from Prescott Arizona. With our daughter Amy visiting we selected this restaurant to enjoy a meal last night. It was fabulous, especially the coconut rice. The service and atmosphere - everything about the restaurant was top notch in our book. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.
I've ordered delivery twice, and dined in once.It's a tough row to hoe for tiny restaurants in the winter, when every single diner gets frozen every time the door opens. Even so, they could get a greenhouse that worked a little better.You have to pay for rice when you dine in, but it comes free with delivery. Aloo tikka is a great appetizer--small potato pancake on a bed of chickpeas and yogurt--although it seems strange to serve a hot appetizer with sauce that includes cold yogurt. Nonetheless, it's my favorite dish there so far.This store's recipes seem to use more yogurt than spice, which is OK, but now I know not to call Aaheli if I just want superspicy red sauces.
Happened upon Aaheli the other day. We shared a Lamb Rogan Josh and Shrimp Malai Kebab, couldn't have been nicer. Staff knew all about the menu and were completely accommodating in cutting back the spice in the lamb dish. All the ingredients were so fresh, place was busy but the food came in good time. Whatever you order make sure to get the Garlic naan, incredible! BYOB too and what appeared to be the manager (owner maybe?), even took the time to come over and introduce himself and have a chat at the end! Well worth a visit
I always have to review how wonderfully delicious this Indian restaurant is!! My husband and I went there over the weekend and again this joint did not disappoint!! We started w the mango lassi which was refreshing and delicious. For the appetizer we ordered the eggplant in the coconut stew- which was so flavorful and unqiue I took the sauce home, even though we ate all the eggplant! We also order the chicken saag and chicken tandoori and added garlic naan to top it all off!!! This place is amazing and the two gentleman that work front of the house are a class act, whenever we are unsure what to order they always guide us in the right direction! After years of coming here I have not been disappointed yet!! Keep up the great food and service:)
Went here with my in-laws who have never had Indian curry and asked for mild-medium spice, to which the owner/server obliged. Portions were fine for the price, though I thought rice or naan (at least one small portion) should have been included with the dish.  Perhaps this is not the norm in NYC/USA? No matter. Lovely atmosphere, quiet, no music, and the owners/servers did not rush us through the meal. If unsure what to order, ask for details, as the menu has dish names but less descriptions than more expensive places. Would return for sure! Lovely relaxing experience.
Wow. Got rude service for ordering just appetizers - He just made up a rule that we need to order for at least $20. Takes Indian customers for granted. Never going back or ordering anything from here.
I came with a friend, Rema, she Indian. We sat down in this small family restaurant which directly felt like home. They people here are very friendly and they know their food. My friend and I both enjoyed the food very much. If I wasn't on a trip, but actually living in NYC, this would be my fixed place for Indian food. Ask about the owner, he seems to be a very special man. Thank you Aaheli people for this experience!
it used to be good, now it is bland and rubbery. sadly, this place has really gone downhill since it opened. the rice was of poor quality, the palak was bright green, pureed to death with no flavor, the chef's specialty chicken was like white rubber with no flavor. i live in the neighborhood, love good indian, and this is not it. around here, just skip indian and eat something else.
Fantastic, friendly service, and good food. I was introduced to this place by a friend who was born and raised in India and claims that the food here is just like home. I came with a group of friends for dinner, and we ordered so much food that I couldn't even begin to name everything we had, but it was all delicious. I really want to go back, but I haven't been able to get a table here since! The restaurant is tiny, and every time I've walked by at dinner time, it's packed. I highly recommend going during lunch for their $10 all-you-can-eat buffet. The selection isn't huge - I think they usually have about four or five entrees, rice, naan, and a bunch of sauces - but it's usually a good variety.
Phenomenally good Indian food at excellent prices, served by friendly, attentive Indian owners who clearly take pride in their tiny little restaurant. In fact, just ask them to recommend you a meal. You will not be disappointed. To top it all off...its BYOB.
Great lunch bargain with $9.99 lunch buffet everyday (I went on a Saturday, so weekends apply) from noon to 3pm. Wasn't a huge buffet offering i nterms of variety but it was definitely good enough for me. Had the basics like Aloo Matar, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, and I recall 1 additional chicken dish and 2 other vegetarian dishes, the names I can't recall (6 dishes in total) with your standard rice and naan. They had a salad offering which I passed. It's a tiny space (maybe 8 tables or less) and definitely not a fancy setup (salad dressing options were basically store bought bottles of Kraft italian and ranch which was funny). But the food was good for the price. It's BYOB from what I could tell, so make sure you buy some booze at a deli down the street before you come in if you want to booze it up. These guys deliver too, and a strange sight I saw was that the server was preparing several orders for delivery in plastic containers and a few times he came over and took food from the buffet stand for a delivery order. I don't know if this is unusual, but you would think that they'd prepare delivery/carry out orders separately than grabbing it from the buffet stand, but I guess its all the same, as long as the food isn't old. You can be the judge.
The food was good I'll give them 1 star for that.  SERIOUSLY over priced!  I saw the menu was more expensive than the other 500 Indian restaurants all within a few blocks but it was BYOB so I figured it would balance out.  WRONG!  The main dishes don't even come with rice!  That's right!  They charge $4 per dish for rice!  At the end of the night the food alone cost more than if I had gone to any other Indian restaurant in the neighborhood AND had drinks!  Food PLUS buying a 6-pack of beer from the deli across the street (which was $16 mind you) was approximately 50% MORE expensive than any of the other restaurants!  Total rip off!  AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!
Uber fast delivery.  Delicious green curry, samosas, dahl and crepes.  Friendly staff.  Aaheli is our go-to for Indian delivery on the west side.
Great lunch buffet deal -- $9.95 all you can eat, 7 days a week. The quality of the food is certainly competitive with other standard Indian restaurants and the atmosphere and service are relaxed and inviting. I believe this place is BYOB, so all together, a great value. The naan was excellent -- straight from the oven and constantly replenished by our server. The lamb was delicious, and the tandoori chicken was cooked perfectly. I also really liked the green squash. The selection isn't massive -- three meat dishes, four veggie dishes, and some salad -- but believe me, it'll be enough to fill you up and leave you smiling.
Aaheli is a wonderful little restaurant! I've been here a couple of times now and the service and food has always been wonderful (I'm Indian, and the food here is def. authentic and reminds me of my mom's cooking!). The Kashmiri lamb dish, mango lassi and kulfi are amazing! The staff is also very understanding and friendly. One example of this: we went there once with our bikes and they were kind enough to make space for us to sit outside with our bike right beside us (we forgot our locks). My friend and I were really appreciative of this, as many of the other restaurants on the block didn't accommodate us. Definitely give this gem of a restaurant a try!
FINALLY!!!! Delicious Indian food in NYC.  9 out of 10 times Indian food in NYC disappoints.  This little spot on 9th ave between 54th and 55th street is an exception.  I have been here about 6 or 7 times and I have NEVER been disappointed with anything I have ordered.  The menu is extensive, mostly North Indian, but with some creative dishes that combine flavors from different regions in India.  Nothing is oily and every dish has a unique flavor (unlike the majority of other Indian restaurants in the city where you can order a vegetable and a meat dish that taste identical).  The portions are good and the prices are reasonable.  An additional bonus is the BYOB (no corkage fee)!  Standout dishes include the Shrimp Malabar and Vegetable Chetinand.  Their lamb dishes are excellent as well.   The service is also excellent.  Friendly, attentive and genuine.  Despite the small size and limited seating capacity, you will never be rushed.  Reservations are accepted and they can even accommodate small groups if you give them some notice.  This place is fantastic for enjoying a great meal with a few friends and a few bottles of wine.   Overall, excellent food, chilled out atmosphere and a real gem!
This place was so disappointing I can't be bothered with a long winded review.  Ordered the one Indian dish that I get: Murgh Makhani.  My rice was overdone.   The chicken was a mishmash of white and dark,  some chewy and some flakey, as if a dog tore ill-shaped pieces from a rotisserie chicken.   The sauce was bland, with chunks of just as ill-shaped veggies floating about.  Advice:  cook your rice properly, chop your ingredients evenly, stew your sauce till said ingredients cook down adequately, and maybe ill give you a second chance.
This place has great food, great service, and is reasonably priced. BYOB is fantastic as well! I've been here a few times with friends and family, all of whom enjoy the experience. It's a tight fit, but it adds to the ambiance. Whatever I've ordered has been flavorful and delicious.
Fantastic!  We were prepared for the BYO (thanks Yelp).Mango chicken, lamb vindaloo, saag ghost, lemon bhasmati, aloo gobi....all some of the tastiest Indian food we have had.  Complimentary rice pudding was also great!  We will be back!
Pros: 1. I called at 7:00 on a Saturday night and was able to make a reservation for 5 people for an hour later. 2. The food was really really really tasty.3. The atmosphere was tiny and cozy.Cons:1. Passive-aggressive behavior on the part of the owner, who had a really hard time with the fact that one of the five of us had just eaten and was not ordering any food. Oh, the angry flourish with which the unneeded placesetting was removed from our table! Wowzers. The waitstaff was very confused by the not-eater (his placesetting was actually replaced, and then removed again), and the owner kept shooting daggers at him every time he walked by... awwwwwwwwwwwkwarrrd.So tell me NYC, was it bad manners on our part to take up non-paying space in such a small venue? I don't want to point the jerk finger if we were the ones being jerky.
Amazing! My BF and I came here after a day in the city and so happy we did. We had the chicken korma and the pepper lamb dishes and it was all sooo delicious. The rice pudding on the house with our initials on it at the end was a very nice touch. Oh and don't forget the garlic naan. Spot on!
Wandering 9th avenue at about 7pm on a Friday night, looking for a place amenable to solo diners, and saw an open table at Aaheli. It's a tiny place, maybe 7 or 8 tables total, half of which are two-tops. No liquor license, but you can BYO; there's a wine shop just up the street. (I didn't realize this beforehand, sadly, so had to go with just water.) I had the gyoza to start, which was very nice -- a good selection of different vegetables, including cauliflower, potato, eggplant, and that standard gyoza shredded/breaded mash which, whatever it is, is delicious. Not too greasy for what it is, which was nice. For an entree I got the Chana Paneer with a garlic naan to sop it up. (Note that neither rice nor dal is included.) The paneer was quite nice; a smattering of shredded (slightly pickled?) ginger was a pleasant spicy touch. The naan, as other reviewers have noted, was very tasty as well. Atmosphere is minimal -- the paint is a little chippy, the music almost imperceptable, and the rather large, somewhat charmless owner (not really feeling the other reviewers' description of him as 'sweet') kind of looms in the small space. That said, it's still a cozy place that you could easily bring a date to. A third date, maybe -- once you get a little comfortable.When I find myself in the neighborhood again, I'd definitely give it another go.
I made a reservation (yay! places that take reservations!) for 10pm after catching a show on a Saturday night (and why would one be in this neighbourhood for any other reason?) - V. v. small place - book ahead of time. Even at 10pm they were still full.Menu is great, has all your favourite Indian dishes plus some random ones I have never heard of even after living in India for a year. They start you off with papad/poppadums/crispy thin bread and three delicious chutneys - big plus. I had the paneer makhani, which was really tasty. We ordered some samosas as a side, but these were a bit disappointing - wouldn't recommend. A friend had the butter chicken, which she says was decent but not mind-blowing. None of the food was spicy at all, which meant the raita (yoghurt-cucumber side) we ordered went to waste, sadly. The naan was also really good.It was Diwali, so the table got free potato (aloo) pakoras which were delicious and well-flavoured and definitely made up for the lame samosas. They also gave us some Indian sweets for dessert b/c of Diwali (Hindu festival of lights). Service/ambience was decent - not sure if I'll ever make it back because  it's way outside of my normal hang-out zones, but I'm glad we found it!
Food is good here and well worth the price. I generally order home delivery. But if you plan to do the same you should order way in advance. My last order took 2 hours to deliver and I live 5 minutes away.
Very good Indian food. BYOB policy is great (wine store down the block). I've dined here and have ordered out many times and have yet to be disappointed. All the dishes have great flavors and are not overly spicy or heavy. They start you off with some tasty thin bread and three chutneys (onions, mint and tamarind) I've had most of the soups and they're all good but Rasaam is my favorite. Perfect spiciness and an awesome tamarind flavor. Chicken Saslick is another good one and they gave me tikka masala sauce on the side which was a nice touch. Also good is the Gobi Bhuna. Never had a bad dish here now that I think about it. Place is tiny (sits about 20) but cozy and gets filed up for dinner (never been here for lunch). The only complaint is that it takes a while to get your order but maybe thats why the food is so good (its not pre-cooked and then heated). Definitely recommend this place if you're in the hood and want some tasty Indian.
All-You-Can-Eat-Lunch buffet = $9.95! A great deal for a delicious meal!The staff was very nice, always asking if we liked the food.  They promptly refilled the buffet items that had disappeared due to the ravenous hunger of the patrons.  Great cold potato salad, baghara bartha, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, rice pudding, among others.  We very happily stuffed ourselves.Another plus is the tasty, generous mango lassi I ordered.  Everyone dining in the small space (which I would say is probably the least great thing about this place) seemed very happy with the food.I'd definitely go back to try the dinner menu!
Terrible Indian Food - in NYC there are a million Indian restaurants - choose a different one!
I haven't decided whether to give it 3 stars or 4. Let me tell you why. So, my friends live pretty close by and we've ordered food from there several times. Their Hyderabadi Bhagara Baingan... eat it and you'll smile with pure joy. Its that good. Several of their vegetarian dishes are pretty good-decent. Of course, as with all the Indian restaurants in NYC, theirs, without exception is filled with spices. But I can live with it. HOWEVER, when I went in for their afternoon lunch, all that you can eat for 10$, it was poor poor poor. NOTHING compared to their evening menu. Everything tasted the same, filled with oil. if I had just eaten their lunch, I would have come to yelp and given them just 1 star. Since their take out evening menu was so good, I am giving them 4 stars. So you can decide what to do... lunch or dinner :)
Had a very quick and friendly carry-out experience. Fairly decent and tomato-rich lamb vindaloo and a mild, comforting chicken curry. Both dishes needed a little something for balance, and were not as spicy as I expected after requesting "spicy", but they were good. Great naan and paratha, far better than plain rice.
We had never eaten Indian food before and looked on Yelp for some suggestions. This place is a great little hole in the wall. The staff was super friendly and helpful. We very much enjoyed the conversation and interaction with them. We told them we didn't know what to order and were willing to let them bring us whatever they thought we'd enjoy. I don't know the names of the dishes he brought, but he said they were both very authentic items. One was a yellow dish with shrimp that was a dish from southern India. The shrimp were quite large and nicely cooked and the sauce was so flavorful. The other was a red dish with chicken that was authentic to the north. The flavors again were amazing. They brought us coconut rice to mix with our dished, the coconut was delish! Rice pudding was brought at the end of the meal which was a great finish. Great introduction to Indian food, highly recommend this place!
Just opened last week.  Can hold abour 20 diners.  Excellent food and service.  I had the Bhuna Gobi Aloo and my GF had the Mango Chicken.  Both tasted great.  The naan is quite good too...nice buttery taste.  We also sampled the Mango Lassi and it was a very satisfying end to the meal.  The prices are very reasonable.  Do yourself a favor and go here instead of Baluchis...or any other Indian place in the neighborhood.  I'm a fan and will be going here pretty often.
chicken vindaloo - watery and not nearly hot enough (and i asked for as hot as they could make it)garlic naan - kind of soggy but i guess it was take out..bhajis - way greasier than any others ive had
The food is awful here. Really bad indian food. They will not return your money back even when the food is not fresh. Really bad customer service as well. I would be able to handle bad customer service if food is good but this place had the worst indian food.
The food was awful.  And it was overpriced.  I've never had Indian food that was so expensive.  There was a charge for bread or rice.  $4 is steep for a small bowl of rice, no?  I mean, the server expected me to eat my bowl of veggies without anything accompanying it?  It was an awful experience.  Naturally, the server suggested that I order rice with my meal, but she didn't disclose the price until I asked.  It is telling that with all the bustling restaurants on 9th Ave, that this restaurant has immediate seating during what should be their busiest hours.  I don't ever want to go there again.  My friend had a decent meal and she doesn't mind the fact that she spent $40 on Indian food.  I wouldn't return even if the prices were reasonable.  There is a better Indian restaurant within walking distance of this one.  This was a waste of money and complete failure to satisfy.
This place likes to add a lot of filler.  Lots of vegetables in the meat dish and lots of ice in the mango lassi.  I've had better Indian food with more value at other restaurants.  Will never go back.
Really great tasting Indian food. It is a pretty small place with even our party of three taking the largest setup they had. They allow BYOB so we picked up a few from across the street. The server we had was a pretty friendly guy and chatted with us since it was a slow night. I'm a big fan of Indian rice and they had several "flavors" to try-- we were recommended lemon. The Vindaloo was actually somewhat spicy and delicious. The Tikka Massala was nice and creamy but a little bit too sweet. We really enjoyed the food and the service and I will definitely be coming back again.
It's a small place, only 10 tables for 2 people which can be pushed together for larger parties.  One waitress so service can be a little slow but it wasn't crowded the night we went.  Food was very good, better IMO than Baluchi's nearby.  They have no liquor license but you can go to the deli across the street and BYOB which is even better for the wallet.  It's the best Indian in the area and I would go back.
We held my boyfriend's bday dinner at Aaheli last night for a party of 15 people which later turned into 20 people. The service was impeccable, as was the food. We usually hold our birthday dinners at BYOBs and this was by far the best we've been to. Our entire party felt at home at Aaheli. The manager, Kumar was very accommodating to individual requests and also brought out extra appetizers for everyone way after the bill had been settled. The chef, Swami Narayan is both modest and humble about the delectable food he creates. He understands that customer satisfaction is most  important to a business and highly values the business his customer's give. If ever you have a spare moment after your meal, definitely take the time to hear his story about how he got started.. It's one to remember! Lastly the man who served us our dinner who's name I cannot recall, was very thoughtful and also very accommodating. Thank you to the entire Aaheli staff for making this birthday, one to remember!! We'll be seeing you soon.
We were at Aaheli last night. It was my boyfriend's graduation and after the event, we were looking for a quick bite at any Indian restaurant. Decided to go to Aaheli as it was closest and was still open [10:10 pm].  We ordered veg. chettinad, dal dry, veg kofta, 4 parathas and one garlic naan, amongst 4 of us. In addition, we received rice, raita and rice kheer on the house. The food arrived quickly and was extra spicy as we asked it to be. Everything was awesome! The service was good too. Would definitely visit again.
Extremely poor customer service and unable to deliver food. Even though I only live 3 blocks from the restaurant, after waiting an hour and a half to get my food delivered and two telephone calls they still weren't able to deliver the food. When I called I got hung up on, walking past the restaurant it's totally empty (for a good reason). This place doesn't even deserve 1 star.
Been here twice and had a great experience both times. The first time was a party of four with menu dining. The place is tiny, but you're in NYC...deal with it. The garlic naan was amazing. We started off with the Vegetable Samosas, which were close to the best I've had in quite some time. I honestly do not recall what anyone else had, but it was a variety and everyone was VERY happy. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was great. Flavorful, spicy, but not too much so. Consistancy was perfect. The second time, my wife and I went to the lunch buffet on a Saturday. Though it's not a large selection (and with the space available I can see why), but to me, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, rice and Naan, and I'm good to go for $10. Well worth it. They also had another dish or two - vegetarian options, both quite good according to my wife. So, while some may disagree, I've been very happy with the food and service so far. Considering how many dreadful Indian places there are in the city, I'll stick with the one's that do me right!(10/17) Been back for lunch a few times since...the dishes DO rotate which is a good thing. Everything has been superb each time we've gone. Heartily recommended.
Believe it or not but good Indian food is actually not easy to find in NYC and Aaheli, for now, is one place where I love to eat find Indian food.  Said that, most of the Indian restaurants are not really known for their consistency.  So, let's hope this one stays good!
Great place with authentic flavors. The owners are extremely attentive and polite. I ordered take out. I was offered a beverage and some papadum on the house while I waited for my food. The wait was short. The food was delicious. I had asked for my meal to be spicy and spicy it was. I live close by to this place so I will definitely check it out again. My only compliant is that the dahi wada was a bit tough. I would not order it again. The rest of food was to my liking.
Awesome $10 lunch buffet, really friendly staff.  The food is delicious!
went here for dinner and liked it a lot. It was really cold outside and i did not want to walk too far to get some dinner. walked in to find a really small place (Can seat about 20) and the manager was really polite and set up a table for 3 of us even though the place was full. The food was good. I ordered the biryani and dint have high hopes but was bowled over with its taste. definitely give it a try if you are in the area.
Just went here this evening. Small Indian place but has nice ambiance with the candlelight. They give you super spicy crisp bread for the table with 3 sauces. The garlic naan is awesome-some of the best naan I have ever had. We shared the chicken samosas, veg tikka masala, fish curry, spinach w cheese. I can honestly say everything was great-nice service and prices. Our friends were in town wanted Indian-this was a nice place to go for dinner and not a dive like some of the other Indian places in the neighborhood. Try it!
A great place for lunch--the lunch buffet at $9.95 is a great deal. My Indian co-worker noted, "You know why this food is so much better than it is at other restaurants? It's actually made by Indians." I'm hardly a connoisseur, so you'll have to trust her explanation. But trust me when I say that everything was delicious, without that heavy feeling you sometimes get after gorging yourself on Indian food.
Went for dinner with a group of friends. We ordered a variety of north and south Indian enrtrees. All the food was great but I was especially thrilled at how authentic the south Indian food was (I'm a south Indian). Another thing I liked about the food was that it wasn't greasy like most other Indian food I've had. I highly recommend the masala dosa, the Kerala fish curry and the chicken biriyani. I was also extremely happy with the service we got at this place. Friendly and very efficient. Best food and best service I've seen in the longest time!
The food in this restaurant is good but the servers are very rude!!
Visited here two weeks ago.  Still thinking about that amazing Coconut Rice and um, julienne sliced fried okra is the best fried veggie out there.  Two words:  Fresh Ingredients.  Look no further for dope indian in nyc.
This review is for delivery only.  There are so many indian options - don't waste your time on this one!  The chicken tikka masala (come on, this is such a standard at most places) was a watery oily mess.  So disappointing.  Our other dish was the sag paneer and it was just kind of bleh, no flavor.  So not worth it...  :(
Great value. We had the $9.95 lunch buffet yesterday (Sunday) and all the basics were covered. Tasty tandoori chicken, good naan, decent chicken curry, and rice pudding for dessert. Tiny (16 total seats) but worth a few minute wait if need be. Friendly service. We'll be back. even though we live several blocks north.
Great Food. Very courteous staff. Reasonably priced. A straight winner! Highly recommend this place...
great masala dosa (better than saravana bhavan). the non-veg offering is good too. can do better with the biryani. its pedestrian. very quick delivery. menu needs a bit help. when i ask for mangalore fish fry, I get some fish in a curry :-)(happened twice). but on the whole I would eat there if I was looking for  indian cuisine.
I love Aeheli! I usually can't help myself from trying new places (since there are SO many restaurants in the area) but I am a dedicated Aeheli diner. I adore Indian food and love this restaurant especially. Their Chicken Chettinad is delicious (as are most of their dishes) and they are super accomodating (substitutions for the rice side, more spicy, etc.). Also, the atmosphere and the servers are all really kind. This restaurant really deserves more attention than it gets. Usually I don't bother writing reviews but Aaheli really deserves it!
Aaheli is simply a wonderful restaurant.  I've been twice and have been blown away both times.  Mild or spicy, meat or vegetarian, all of their food (naan included) is savory, perfectly textured and delicious, sometimes in unexpected ways.  Sure, the space is a bit cramped but the service is polite and once the food arrives, you'll forget everything else anyway.  A fantastic value for the money, and a relief to have an excellent Indian restaurant in a part of town that used to lack one.
Excellent food.  Delicious.  Generous portions and pretty good prices.  The manager was very nice.  Small space, but delightful dining experience.  I'd certainly recommend!!!  Samosa is just lovely.   9th aVe. chicken tikki is delicious!!! I'm hungry again.  The only complaint is that the backmost table is too close to the bathroom.  Enjoy!
Went here on Friday night with a small group of friends. We were unsure of what to order so just told them to bring out "whatever they recommended"...everything was delicious! curries, shrimp, samosas, kabobs...everything was *very* good and reasonably priced.  definitely recommend it and will be going back!
I freakin' love their Chicken Tikka Masala!  Hands down the best I've ever had, and I will definitely be coming back for more and more!  The place is very small though, so there is limited seating and you might have to wait a while, but it's sooooo worth it!  It's more than I usually pay for Indian food, too, but so good!
Friends, the fall of 2009 was great for many reasons. One, was the opening of an absolutely stellar Indian restaurant down the block from my apartment. What makes this place special?Let's start by setting the context -- I have eaten Indian food all over the city. Jackson Heights, all along Curry Lane in the east village (6th st), at many places in Curry Hill (including Vatan which is always a fun experience), at the overrated places (Sapphire), the ever-multiplying places (Balluchi's) and the expensive places with what I see as the most interesting and best Indian in the city (I am focusing on places with North or North and South Indian food)... until Aaheli opened, my favorite Indian place in the city was the unlikely contender Chola on 58th and 2nd Ave but I mostly ordered from the delicious and reliable Basera in Hell's Kitchen. Aaheli has since stolen my heart and I think I may even consider monogamy (at least for delivery, sorry Basera) which is definitely a first. Let's get down to the details.... All the food I've tried on the menu has been excellent with a great concentration of multi-layered spices and none of the common reliance on oil that you see at places trying to mask the low quality of their ingredients. Aaheli instead, seems to do whatever they can to uphold the ingredients and help them to sing, the opposite of drowning them in heavy oily or creamy sauces. The grilled meats are divine, the vegetables show-stoppers, the appetizers offer interesting departure from the standard set with grilled eggplant and spiced fried okra, the dosas are likely great but I haven't tried them, the breads are good but fairly standard (maybe a bit spicier than normal for the stuffed varieties). The vegetables (especially cauliflower, okra and eggplant) really are delicious. At a mere $8 a dish for a decent-sized curry the prices are reminiscent of the east village without the trek and the poor services. The chutneys are absolutely awesome, the raita thick and wonderfully creamy and tangy. The samosas are nice and crusty, the list goes on. I can't say enough good things about this place so please just check it out yourself. A wonderful addition to the neighborhood. Please do note that it's tiny so make a res or get carry out / delivery. The are newly on seamless web but the delivery takes a while. All in all -- spicy yet clean food at a shockingly good price. Welcome Aaheli and please stick around a while.
Brand new, tiny and so far the best Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Still going through growing pains, and the kitchen seems to have some problems keeping up with the pace of the orders. Took about 25 minutes for our food to come, but the staff was very kind and apologetic. The food was really worth waiting for. I had the Shrimp Malabar, which had a nice kick, but was also very unusual and yummy. Even the Nan was exceptional. I have also been here for the fabulous $9.95 lunch buffet, which is one of the best meals for the money you can find in the area. If they can keep the food consistently good and iron out the kinks in service, this little gem will be a real winner.
On a snowy night last week when my wife was out of town, I stopped at this small Indian restaurant  for take-out only beacuse it was the closest to my parking garage.  I was surprised  at how good the food was, much better than the many  generic Indian restaurants in  Hells Kitchen i had tried before , and particularly for take-out food. I went back  to Aaheli the following night and again the food was terrific.  I  am trying to stay away from eating much meat so both nights I had different vegeterian dishes , lentils, biryani  and nan.  All were much better than average. The restaurant is very small but not a dive. It is definitely worth trying if you are looking for Indian food in Hell's Kitchen
very good indian food at a reasonable price.  the lamb biryani is fantastic
Amazing food. Excellent service. Went with a small group of friends and since they had lots on the menu, we asked them to bring out whatever they recommended. We had a great combination of south Indian and north Indian food. Every dish that we had was top quality - better than any of the other Indian places I have tried in the city. Would recommend going here over any Indian restaurant in the city.
i walked past here looking for lunch with my wife and stumbled into here. i must say it was awesome. I believe it is a family owned restaurant and everyone who worked there was very good. so i walked in for lunch and they have a 10.95 Buffet. i said ohhh man lets go! i usually eat with my eyes and then im full after 2 bites and thats what happened. I had chicken tikka masala and naan bread. There is a few other choices to choose from as well that they serve.The waiter delivers a tandoori chicken and the meat slides right off the bone. you can get up to get your food items along the wall. Mind you it is very small which has maybe 8 tables so can be a bit tight to get around. oh did i mention the lunch buffet is 10.95.? cha ching!  im going to go and check this place again!
I had a catering order for appetizer, and everyone really liked the delicious samosa! I wish to have ordered more food, since everyone liked it so much ! Delivery was prompt on time and included everything. It was perfect !
Went for the lunch buffet. Warm and friendly staff. Great tandoori chicken, fresh naan, and wonderful karela and baingan bharta. Daal was OK. The chicken in the Chicken tikka masala was dried out but the curry was delicious. And the staff are wonderful!! All in all, a great experience and we will go back.
Best Indian I've ever had. No way around it. Food is delicious, staff is attentive+friendly. I've never even come close to having a negative experience here. The addition of byob is also an excellent option to split a bottle of wine with friends or a date. Aaheli is pure!
From the small handful of Indian restaurants in Hell's Kitchen, Aaheli is the best in quality and taste. The small, unpretentious storefront is deceiving because the flavor is big. I almost gave up on finding a neighborhood go-to, but after trying the biryanis, tadka dahl, chicken curry and eggplant, which are all as close to home-made as you get, I vow to never go back to the other disappointing Indian restaurants in the hood. The storefront is small, so Aaheli is ideal for takeout.
Can't believe Aaheli Indian Cuisine didn't get five stars all around.  It was good all around.  They obviously care about presentation - putting rose petals at all the tables.  They also were quick to refill your water glasses, and make sure you enjoyed every dish.  We came here in search of good masala dosas and were delighted.  The crepe was crispy and light, and the potato filling was flavorful, slightly spicy and simply put, DIVINE!  I'd go back in a second for another one.  We got a dosa as an appetizer and tried one of their lamb curry dishes for the main meal. I also had a sweet lassi, which was tasty and just the right amount of sweet. Wish we had time to try more dishes, but better luck next time!The servers were beyond friendly and helpful, and we noticed that they greeted several regulars fondly.  This seems like a great neighborhood restaurant that the locals might be trying to keep a secret.  It's pretty small, so make a reservation if you are dying to get in at a peak time.  They were packed when we got there, but they managed to squeeze us in without a wait.  We even got to meet the chef as the servers thought we would appreciate it.  Great small Indian restaurant - we will definitely be returning there next time we visit NYC and recommending it to friends in the meantime.  It's not easy to find a restaurant with homemade quality food, great service and a nice presentation.  Five stars!
Wanted to try some Indian food while I was in NYC. This place was a few blocks from my hotel so I decided to try it. The restaurant is very small but cozy. Was please to see an "A" heath inspection rating posted on the wall. Had the lunch buffet, food was as good as any. Tika-Masala was a little soupy, I prefer a little more creamy but that is just a subjective preference. I would eat here again if I'm back in the area.
This place is fantastic! Yelp reviews led us here, and what a treat!  It's very small/intimate, and very casual--don't let that dissuade you.  Let the staff (owners?) guide you--and bring your own wine (liquor store across the street)!  Great pre-theater option--no reservations or wait!  We were so impressed, we persuaded 2 more parties to wander in.  We've added Aaheli to our must-do restaurant list for every NYC visit.
Delicious food and great delivery! Fast and convenient.Highly recommend the crispy okra :)
Good Indian food. Small joint and truly Hindi. The customers are also mostly Hindi which is always a good sign. The manager recommended some dishes which were all good. Overall nice experience. It's a byob place do keep in mind.
I finally came back here to eat from their dinner menu, almost five years since the first time I came here. In short, it was delicious and it was a much better dining experience!I got the 9th Ave Tofu Jalfrezi (which is tofu, onions, eggplant, carrots & okra in a tangy sauce), which had a great combination of flavors in a satisfying but not heavy tomato-y sauce. There was a good amount of tofu, too, which made it quite filling.The main thing that disappointed me with was the fact that the rice that you might expect to get with a curry dish was extra and cost almost $4, when most places include rice with the entree. I just wasn't thrilled to be surprised by owing $4 more than I expected when we got the check. Also annoying was the fact that our server asked if I would like rice along with my entree, but did not mention the fact that it would cost extra. It could almost (but not quite) be ameliorated by the fact that they provided complimentary papadum with chili, green, and tamarind chutneys - all of which were delicious. But still ... a lot of places offer papadum and rice as complementary elements to the meal at similar prices for the food.But I will complement who I think was the owner who asked if I was gluten-free when I asked if the papadum contains any wheat (I haven't had it in quite some time and I couldn't remember). The fact that he recognized that and confirmed for me that the papadum was made from lentils and was gluten-free added bonus confidence points for me.
!!This experience may only apply to Seamless orders from this restaurant!!Top line: Stale, unappetizing food delivered through SeamlessOrdered dinner: idly, mango lassi and malabar chicken.**Note 1- called the restaurant ahead of time to confirm whether idly order was accompanied with coconut chutney (a standard condiment with South Indian food items). Whoever responded, very confidently reassured us that sambhar and chutney both accompany idly.) Upon arrival - No chutney + Idly looked sad and was at least a day old (if not more). **Note 2- Mango lassi contained yellow color. Not a deal breaker if the flavor could offset this. Sadly flavor, color everything made this generally delectable drink unappetizing.***Note 3- Malabar chicken was average, mostly the curry is flavored; the chicken pieces were flavorless and tough.****Note 4- In general the order was delivered late but given all the above this seems to hardly be a negative. We were glad the [depressing] food was delivered AFTER ALL!Bottom line: Overall no more orders/eat-ins from here.
The most flavor filled Indian food I've ever had. Talk with the owner to choose and match. 12 tables that he maneuvers like chess pieces to accommodate everyone that walks in. BYOB - no cover. Awesome!
I like this place:-Very friendly, accommodating service.  EVERYONE is very, very hospitable!-The ($12? $14?) lunch buffet is constantly replenished and delicious (even at the end!)  Food very flavorful, not bland as some can be.-The hot food is hot, and the cold is cold!   What else is there?
Tourists visiting the city and we happened upon this place. Great vibe, friendly staff, and excellent food. Sad that we don't live anywhere near to come back for another visit.
Good food, but not great.BYO helps keep the price down, but cramped tables and inconsistent reservation policies are annoying.It's hard to enjoy dinner when groups keep entering the tiny restaurant with reservations, and there's no open tables, and arguments ensue.
Definitely Not the best Indian restaurant in Manhattan. The food both veg and non veg ( chicken tikka masala ) was not well cooked in general.
I order pick and delivery from Aeheli all the time .  It's one of my favorite cuisines. So far the best Indian I've had in the city.   As a person that cooks, I know that every hand that prepares dishes is different. However I love their blend of spices . Oh by the way  the naan is so delicious! OMG I would definitely dine in sometime .
ON the tabStuff naangarlic naanthis cheese filled naanvindaloomasalaOverall, whatevers. I think if I paid for lunch buffet, I would be happier.
So amazing!!!!! Energetic service and delicious food! Every customers walking out will tell you it's good!!!
My #1 favorite Indian restaurant in NYC!
I just ate at their Queens location in Forest Hills and I was blown away! The service was impeccable. The prices were reasonable given the amount of food and level of service. And the food... wow! I ate so much, because everything that they brought out looked delicious, and it tasted even better than I expected. The ingredients were all fresh and you could smell the mastery of this cuisine in their use of spices. Both the meat and the vegetarian dishes will leave everyone smiling at the end of the meal.And to top it off, the manager checked in with us personally at the end of the meal to get feedback about this new location. Now that is a great way to guarantee customer satisfaction! Go now!
I am a hard core meat eater. It happens rarely when i like vegeterian indian food at restaurants.  I tried the kurkuri bhindi (fried okra) and panchratan daal. Both the dishes were outstanding. I would definitely come here again to try it. Dont forget to try the kurkuri bhindi. You dont find it at many places.
Restaurant is small but food is good and prices are decent.  No alcohol served it's BYOB.  Would definitely return if I'm ever in the neighborhood.
Small place but yummy food... Owner is very friendly and makes sure u get the kind of food you like... He makes modifications acc to ur taste...definitely recommended
A big fan of the lunch buffet! Their food is SO good, place and food are authentic, nicest staff. Will defiantly go back
Food is decent, but it's 1000 degrees in here and swarming with flies.  Not to mention the statue with a swastika symbol.  Now, I know it's a Hindu religious symbol, but you are in New York where most of the population is Jewish.  Move your statue out and keep it on your mantle instead.
Oh my god i love this place. Cute, affordable, delicious!Go for the buffet.What an amazing little gem in hells kitchen.
First time ordering delivery! Came pretty quickly, the order was correct.The sauces were amazing! We ordered vegetable korma, and Lamb Tikka. However, the lamb pieces IN the tikka were chewy and not so good, and the vegetable korma was almost all broccoli stems, which is lame and cheap, although the sauce did taste good.We also ordered the 9th street tikka chicken and it was dry.The garlic naan was amazing.So everything was hit or miss, some very good parts, other parts not so much. However nothing was an all out negative (though we aren't keeping the leftover chicken....)Great place for a quick delivery on a Sunday night, but def not the best Indian out there.
Horrible food - hole in the wall - 0 authenticity - the chicken tikka masala was a tomato sauce with boiled chicken - the veggie kofta was a salt soup with a ball of whatever - the ban was dry - I'd give the water the highest score. Please avoid if you can.The service, I must say, was nice, but the most important ingredient - the food - was pathetic!
Pretty good place!! Service was really good and fast. Authentic Indian food tasted like it is supposed to. Idli sambar had the best taste. Naan was perfect and the paneer gravy was perfect and very soft. Over all, it was a perfect lunch!
Surprisingly hit or miss. I've ordered delivery from them and sometimes it's fast and the food tastes great. Sometimes they take forever, screw up the order, short change you for cheaper entrees or cheaper desserts, and are barely responsive over the phone. The dine-in experience was pretty mehh. We went on a cold winter day and for some reason the manager kept opening the door and closing it. It was very uncomfortable. We went because we wanted to get dosa (it's on the menu on their website) but the manager said their "South Indian chef" was not in. Ordered idli and I could tell they were incredibly stale (probably been out for a day or two).If you're feeling lucky, it's not a terrible option for take out.
It's always difficult to select what you want to eat when you visit a big city and NYC is no exception; lots of choices. We settled on Indian and located Aaheli in the Hell's Kitchen area. Pleasant service, good food and BYOB. Try the Shrimp Malabar. Small place and limited al fresco dining, so reservations are recommended for groups larger than 6 persons.
I've lived in the U.S. for 5 years now and I'm still in search of an authentic desi food place. No luck in LA. I was hoping NY would be different so I tried this place for delivery. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Baingan Bhartha. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't great. The Baingan Bhartha had a weird yellow color- probably too much tumeric. Indian restaurants need to stop dumping tumeric in all their food. Maybe the chef hasn't traveled to India in a while because if he/she did they would see that every dish isn't overflowing with tumeric and yellow/orange! The chicken was a little better but it wasn't very spicy even though I specified spicy. On the other hand chicken tikka masala isn't even originally from India so I guess I can't complain. Overall I'd order from here again for convenience and decent food but did it blow my mind? Nope. The hunt continues.
I stopped by for the Indian buffet that friends had talked so much about-i was seated immediately and water was brought to the table. The buffet was extensive-chicken tikka masala, tabdoori chicken, daal, naan, creamed spinach, basmati rice and rice pudding for dessert-the space is small but the staff if attentive. I would recommend and return!
My friend took me here since I had been craving Indian food and she usually gets take-out from this place (it's close to her apartment). Luckily the wait was not very long since it was pouring outside and I did not want to wait in the rain. The service was decent here, although we did have to flag them down a couple of times.My favourite Indian dish, hands down, is Chicken Tikka Masala, so of course that is what I ordered. We also got the garlic naan, and I completely forgot what my friend ordered. As usual, they started us off with the three chutneys as a complimentary appetizer: mint/cilantro, tamarind, and chili. I didn't really care for them at this place, so already I was feeling a bit critical. And then my beloved chicken tikka masala came out and I eagerly dove in... only to find that the chicken was DRY. How does this happen? Usually the chicken is very tender, but alas that was not the case at this place. So that was quite disappointing. I also thought it was a bit weird that the rice had peas and carrots in it. But the garlic naan was good, of course, and overall dinner was okay.
Have lived 5 blocks away for the last year and our first time here.  Pretty much kicking ourselves.  Amazing food and great service. Great vegan options BYOB
Came in for the lunch buffet and the food was good, but the buffet selection quite small. The dishes could also have been heated better - some were barely warm.
I was trying to find a good Indian restaurant near John Jay College. It took a little bit of a walk, but coming here was well worth it. This restaurant has a charming divey vibe. They have a small Hindu shrine which adds nicely to the atmosphere here. When I came inside they had a nice track of chanting of Brahma Gayatri mantra but they shut it off when more customers came, I wish they kept it on.The food is very good here. It doesn't seem like North Indian Punjabi style like most Indian restaurants, but I thought they had an excellent vegetarian selection. My favorite food here was the rice pudding for dessert. They put some herb in there that I've not tasted in any other Indian restaurant.My one complaint is it's a little cramped inside. If there are other customers, it's very difficult to squeeze through. But this is New York and the price is right!
As an Indian, it takes a lot to impress my palette at an Indian restaurant. The butter chicken and fish curry were to die for! Fresh naan every few minutes delivered directly to the table (during buffet hours). Customer service, can't ask for better. The owner is very sweet, humble, and attentive. He stops to chat, give you history about his place, and check to see if all is going well.Best of all, it's cheap for a NYC buffet with delicious food!!!!!
We were very excited to try this Indian place after reading the reviews, but it was not as great at all. The chicken tikka masala was very sweet and not spicy at all. The nan was under cooked. And everything was pretty pricey.
It's not just the prices here ($10.95 lunch buffet on weekdays) that make Aaheli a find; regular dinner entrees on the menu (aahelimidtownwest.com/me…) can be $10.95 each (including rice, though). What makes Aaheli special is how the cozy, high-ceilinged space is arranged so as not to feel cramped or stuffy or disgusting like too many other Midtown avenue joints, and how people with babies elect to sit outside on a balmy day instead of ramming their strollers and entitlement into the layout.As you gravitate towards doorway, the staff welcomes you without solicitation or harassment. When you check out the buffet, there's only slight and fleeting disappointment at the absence of paneer because there's all this other stuff. You nod, then say you'll wait until that lady alone at a table-for-two facing the window leaves. They nod and make haste make it happen, but somehow without rushing the woman out of the restaurant or you to the chair, making for a peaceful transition from one lucky guest to the other.The atmosphere befits the name Aaheli (Sanskrit: "pure"). The spotless windows let natural light in all the way to the back, illuminating the clarity of the water in a clean blue cup, reflecting off the whiteness of the paper placed atop starched cloth, and highlighting the curvature of the unwilted rose petals scattered upon it all, just for you.The buffet is not an endless, compartmentalized trough like others. It's a very private kind of setup of shiny silver sphere servers from which people gentry graze from a finite number of smartly catered options rather than infinite crappy options. Thus, there's no line or bottlenecking of clueless people strategizing about how best to gorge themselves. Customers are eager to tuck into their chairs and get to the food, which includes, from left to right (the memory is imprinted like the food porn it is in my mind):SPHERE 1: A heap of just-made naan beside a  heap of pancakes maxed out with onion and tomato SPHERE 2: A rich and tender lamb dish on one side, lively orange chicken tikka masala on the other. [In front of these spheres is a little bowl of coconut chutney so fresh that you can see actual coconut fibre  and poppy seeds speckled throughout. Quite different from the weak, artificially sweetened, semen-like excuse you might find anywhere else.)SPHERE 3: Vegetable coconut curry with generous cuts of all-colored bell peppers and translucent slices of onion steeping in the sauce and on the other side, a rich and fragrant cauliflower dishSPHERE 4: Piping hot just-poured lentils on one side, fluffy, uncaked basmati rice on the other (do you know how hard this actually is to find?!)Then, there are two neat food organizers sort of like what you'd see at a bar that has maraschino cherries, olives, etc. in separate compartments. One of the organizers contains different vegetables that are finely chopped. The other contains really down home Indian stuff like onion relish, a mint raitha sauce, tamarind glaze, etc, and I'll be a fool if these aren't freshly made in house rather than squeezed out of some sack from some wholesale Indian saucier.Then, there's a bowl of chopped up honeydew set in a bowl of ice cubes. That's it. But it's amazing because each cube is unscarred and perfectly ripe so that you can take a spoonful rather than doing what you do at 20-fruit buffets and plucking out acceptable individuals with greasy tongs like hairs from an armpit.The trick is to remain calm when you find that ALL of the food is delicious, for at this point you know you'll have at least one more plate so you have to take it slow and take only as much as you'll eat so as not to waste this edible gold. Each dish sings its own song of balance and authentic flavor. All is full of SPICES, but not SPICE just for the sake of pain, allowing for subtle dynamics. And the coconut chutney is more savory than sweet, smacking of fresh ginger.  I was especially caught of guard by the taste of the onion relish, which sent me reeling back to a summer I was so lucky to spend all over North AND South India in 2008. The combo in general reminded me of the nourishment I used to enjoy on a partitioned steel plate at the mess hall at the office I was working at in Chennai. No joke: the food here's the real deal.The staff cared for me, patting me on the back as if I were a child or a puppy (certainly felt like one), when I said with moist eyes that I couldn't believe I'd found such a lunch within reach of my office.  Later, the server asked if I had spilled on myself because, well, I had. He guided me to "wash up" in the bathroom. The single restroom was occupied, so I just said, "Eh, I'll just go back to work and do it," but he let me use a cute little sink behind the register. I waddled away satiated but not nauseated, proudly wearing curry on my sleeve and CALLING MY MOM to tell her all about it. They've been around six years; here's to 600 more.
At first we were hesitant about going here due to the recent dip in rating, but upon further inspection most of that was due to the lunch buffet or delivery- dinner on Friday night, however, was a true 5 star experience. A tiny place, we got a table with rose petals and our name on it (we called beforehand). Service was great, and he suggested great dishes. We got the chicken tikka masala, shrimp malabar, lamb biryani, and garlic naan. The biryani was AMAZING; I ate well beyond the point at which I was full. We also got the kebab for an appetizer, which was good, not my favorite though. Overall wonderful meal, especially for the price.
Ordered the butter chicken and while the sauce was pretty good, there wasn't very much chicken (especially since it was on the bone). The naan was a bit soggy but this is probably because of delivery, so that may be better in the restaurant. Still looking for a go-to indian delivery place on the UWS...
Food is five stars easily. However, service is lacking, so I can't give Aaheli the full five star rating.This food tastes authentic, just like the food my mom makes at home! On top of that, they have a fairly extensive menu (North and South Indian dishes). Restaurant is very tiny (not good for large groups) but prices are fair for a restaurant in Hells Kitchen and every single dish we ordered was delicious. Highly recommend the chicken biryani here - chicken is super tender and it's perfectly spicy.
Food is decent perhaps even good but the service is atrocious. They have no concept of personal space and will bump into you each time they walk by your table/chair. The chicken tikka took forever and literally came out after we finished dinner... So it ended up as dessert? The price is decent but there are much better places with better service and similar food and price. If you're reading this, please improve your service and you'll get more customers in your door.
Very tasty food and even better service. This is a BYOB joint with no corkage fee which is so nice. They also have lunch buffet for $11.99 which I'm excited to try. We got butter chicken, saag paneer, korma, and garlic naan. The butter chicken was a bit too sweet for me but tasted better the next day. Oh, the owners were so polite, friendly, and welcoming which made our night even better. I highly recommend their food and service!
Very strange people in this place borderline creepy.  I came in for an Indian lunch buffet on break from work and the owner had a very strange look in his eyes.  Very aggressive , rushed me out and the masala was NOT masala...I wish I knew what it was but it made me sick.  I have been eating Indian food for many years and I was appalled by this place.  Even worse with a cold buffet, they have a statue with a swastika on it. The food is very off which didn't help in the kind of atmosphere.. is anyone back there actually alive??? Very shameful have no idea how this place is even in business.  Not worth the trip avoid like the plague!  Never would set a foot in this place again.    Worst Indian food I've ever eaten
Very small place..but nice enough. The service was much better than the usual overbearing indian restaurants...they let us take our time ordering and let us conversate after we were finished eating. Although, i noticed one server had a body oder issue going on. The food was really solid..mostly veggie dishes. Really loved the coconut rice..must have as a side to your dishes. The kashmiri naan..was only ok..unfortunately. spinach paneer is a gem. Definitely come here...for a quality meal.
My roommate and I were craving Indian food and decided to go here last night for dinner. One of the few good things about this place is that it's byob.We sat down and our waitress didn't know the menu. Not sure if she's new or not, but couldn't answer simple questions.For appetizer, we had the samosa and it wasn't anything special. To be honest, it was very dry and fairly small. Thick dough for a samosa and not enough of the filling.I ordered the Kadai Paneer and my roommate ordered the Lamb Vindaloo. Our food took over 45min to arrive. There was no reason or excuse as to why our food was taking so long. When it finally arrived, it was just mediocre; not worth the wait. My dish didn't have a lot of taste to it and my roommate thought his dish was also only okay. The $4 raita was in an extremely small bowl and only half full (like 4 spoons worth)...completely unacceptable. Also, they charged us $4 for a small bowl of rice, after giving one to us "on the house."The service was also terrible. Our waitress knew very little about Indian food, and I had to explain everything to my roommate. They were extremely slow and I will not be coming back. They nickel and dime you!
Awesome delivery - really speedy and tasty. The spinach and potato and cauliflower dish is great; rice pudding too milky, so maybe avoid if you're used to a thicker pudding consistency.
This is one of the best Indian foods I have had. The service was phenomenal. The ambience charming and cozy but the real hero was the food. We got a bhelpuri for starters the paneer makhani and sabzi malai and rice and roti for the main course. Everything was spot on, clean tasting, not over spiced or over greased. The food tasted wonderful, earthy and fresh. You could taste the ingredients and not feel heavy! And I must say The service was extremely cordial. Highly recommend for all foodies. I give Indian ayurvedic cooking lessons so little bit of a food snob. But give this place a ten on ten! Harish Ji (server extraordinaire) Narayan swami Ji (chef) and Kumar Ji (manager) made the night special :)Thank you!
Food is ok ok , but the guys are very rude and cheats. I have ordered food from them twice and they will always try to skip orders( send partial items)  but charge full .
Family owned, recommended by merchants in the neighborhood, warmly attentive service with pride in both their cooking and our experience at the meal, we felt we'd discovered an oasis of New York. Lamb shish-kabob delicious with a variety of distinctive sauces.Lamb curry excellent-spicy not overwhelming- balanced by yoghurt based sauce and aromatic basmati fluffy rice.Good value for a reasonable price topped off with a rice pudding savory to share, compliments of the chef. Appetite sated we left with tomorrow's dinner in a bag.
Just found this on Yelp and I'll be back.  Started off with a delicious coconut soup that was reminiscent of Thai Tom Ka Gai.  Next came Chicken Biryani which can often be dry- THIS ONE was moist and bursting with Indian spices.  I ended with Gulab Jamon- the taste was there but I prefer my Gulab warm.  Do you?Back for a second visit and food did not disappoint.  Though I did notice price this time...Entrees come plain, no rice.  I had Tandoori Chicken and Bhurta (eggplant) and, with tax, the bill was $31.  After tip, $36.  I had no rice, no Chutney, no bread.  So I'm thinking that if you dine here, go with someone and share.
Loved the food and service here. Some of the best Indian food I have had. Their dishes are packed with flavor. They do not serve alcohol but if you bring your own wine or beer they do not charge any corkage fee. Great place!
A very gracious welcoming and experience!  I've lived in the city for years but recently moved further uptown and the Columbus Circle area is very convenient for me to meet people who are here from out of town in particular. Two dear college friends are in town for different reasons and who are from different parts of the country. While they both have spent an enormous amount of time in the city over the years they /we were all overjoyed with the service, warmness of the employees, and certainly the food is delicious. A huge thanks to all at the restaurant for making our reunion so pleasant - and by the way, I'll be back in a few weeks with a childhood drown who lives in the LES.
Cheap for a BYOB. Amazing service. Small place but they accommodated 5 of us for dinner on a busy Saturday night. They don't rush you out and give you a free dessert. Food was good - we did have one lamb ginger dish that was amazing. Everything else was normal tasting - what you expect when you order restaurant Indian food. Will definitely come back for the no corkage fee :)
We love this place! Several great things that make it stand out:1) Attentive service - refilled water glasses, food came quickly, clean, quiet, intimate setting2) Owner is super nice and very knowledgable about his menu, making excellent recommendations. He suggested dinner entrees based on our taste preferences and prevented us from ordering too much food. He suggested tasting each dish individually before mixing with rice and stuck around to be sure everything was to our liking. When I was too full to have the mango lassi I originally wanted for dessert, he instead gave us a complimentary rice pudding!3) The food itself is DELICIOUS. We had the chicken chettinad, paneer mikhani, garlic naan, and coconut rice (do not miss out on the coconut rice!!!)! We love Indian food and this was the best we've had in NYC so far!
Delicious northern and southern Indian food! Aaheli's menu is extensive and has many items that I've never seen offered at other Indian restaurants. Highlights: coconut rice (amazing!), Indian doughnuts (order as an appetizer, they are savory), bring your own wine/no corking fee, rose petals on the tables, quick/friendly service, many vegetarian options, inexpensive. There's also one table outside which is great for people watching. We go here every time we're in the city. So good!
I am a huge fan of Indian food and have pretty decent standards- this place hit all the marks. It's a small, quaint restaurant so if you have a large group it might not be the best choice but I'm sure they would do what they could to accommodate you. The food is great- actually tried a few dishes that aren't my normal order (the waiter recommended them) and everything was delicious. AND, the best part, it's BYOB. Really can't beat it.
This is a fantastic opportunity to experience both north and south Indian cuisine.  The menu offers traditional foods from all over the country and as a westerner just back from South India, the cuisine definitely matches the real experience I had in India.From a service perspective, the staff is fantastic.  On a busy Saturday night, they catered to individual dietary needs and made me feel like a member of the family.
Loved absolutely every dishes here. :)  My friend who lived long in India brought me here for the dinner and i loved everything!!! Woohoo!
In NYC and tired so wifey got this place for delivery.Ordered: Stuff naan, garlic naan, cheese filled naan - All of the naan was pretty good.  My fave was the garlic though.  Vindaloo - This was okay.  Not a flavorful as most vindaloo's i've had.Tiki Masala - Really nice and creamy texture and great flavor.  I liked this one alot.Pretty good but overall pretty average, however, they did deliver to our hotel room door!
This is only for delivery. The man who took the order, while extremely nice, I believe, wasn't honest. I made it clear I was only ordering for myself and wanted to try one or two things. The way he phrased it made it sound like some of the options were a combo deal. Granted, I should have asked the total before hanging up the phone but he also should have told me before using the credit card information I gave him. Not only did the three items I ordered come to 50$ but the portion size was ridiculously small and extremely skimped. I was disappointed but considering they already ran my card and  gave me the food - I wasn't going to be rude and send it back. The shrimp item I ordered was 15-16$ and LITERALLY had only 7 pieces of shrimp and the rest was a heavy (albeit extremely delicious) sauce. I would go here for a buffet - but take out? Not again.
Aaheli is an easy walk from Times Square, less than half a mile, and worth the effort. We opted to sit at the one outdoor table because the weather was fabulous, and while the street and sidewalk are busy, you're out of the way enough that it's not annoying. And the staff didn't forget about us out there.The waiter said he could make anything on the Vegetable Specialties menu vegan for us. We ordered the vegetable samosas appetizer, but they came with our dinner because he forgot about them (he memorizes your order instead of writing it down, which always makes me nervous). I've had better--these had a spice that made them taste a bit fishy (or maybe it was the fry oil)--but they were still good.My Palak (spinach) with potatoes was probably the best I've ever had. The Bhuna Gobi Aloo (cauliflower and potatoes with tomatoes and ginger) was a really nice combination of spices (though too spicy for my taste, the person who ordered it was very happy). The Masala Dosa was average.Overall, the food was great and the wait staff was very attentive without rushing us. This was a good experience and I will definitely go back when I'm in town again.
The lunch buffet here is dope! Inexpensive and great variety (plus plenty of vegetarian options). The saag is some of the best I've ever had. My co-workers and I come here at least once a week.Be careful not to give yourself a food coma during lunch, though.
We went here while traveling from Florida.  We felt the food was good quality indian food but the service wasn't the best.  We sat for several minutes before being offered drinks or the ability to order.
Okay place.. Nothing authentic indian here though. Went seeing the great reviews on yelp but was disappointed. Would not go again. We got the paneer tikka which is horribly full of red color. The taste was okay, portion sizes are good
I ordered food via Eat24 today and it has been processed on time and delivered as promised.Unfortunately, one meal was missing. When I called to the restaurant complain and ask for the credit, they refused to issue it and said that I should talk to Eat24.Not recommended for delivery, but food quality is OK.
Went here as a result of all the positive reviews and have to say I was very disappointed.  The customer service was terrible where the waiter grunted at us and pointed to a table when we walked inThe lunch buffet was very limited -  the lamb rogan josh dry with no flavor.  The saag tasted funny like it wasnt fully cooked in the spices - thinking they added unseasoned spinach to add volume without any extra spicesThe good thing is the naan was fresh.  Will stick to Curry Hill
Even though I'm still working through my noob phase with Indian food, I would like to think that my taste buds are still reliable of what should be considered good food and what's not. This place has great food. It's BYOB, big FYI before you come here with the desire to complement your dinner with big bottle of wine or some ale. The prices are pretty comparable to other Indian places. I'm still learning how Indian restaurants price their menus and that rice or naan is something that comes separately everywhere you go. Seating: this place is very intimate - in the sense that you will definitely bump into your neighbor trying to scooch out of your chair. So come with a small group max, cause this place is SMALL. Service: very attentive. The lady who served us was very considerate about the needs of my family friend who was gluten-free. She also took to the fact that I couldn't really handle too much spice and basically told the kitchen to make my Chicken Tikka Masala dish mild.It was quite amusing actually that she'd also taken the liberty to tell the kitchen to put no spice in my friend's dish, who is an elderly Dutch woman. I guess the hostess thought that the heat would be too hot to handle for someone her age, but it was really me who couldn't take the spice.Overall the food was really good. My chicken was tender, and the sauce was creamy as it should have been, and it had clearly sunk into the chicken, big plus there.
I love Indian cuisine, and I have to say that this is my new fave spot...and so close to home!Everything was prepared perfectly, tasted and looked so authentic, fragrant, delicious!  They have a lunch buffet too...can't wait!  The staff is so friendly and the service is impeccable.  I finally found you....thank you!!  Absolutely deserves 5 stars!
The worst indian food I've ever eaten.. And not just in new yok city..Ordered the baigan bharta and the eggplant was undercooked and tasteless; and the butter chicken dish, which was loaded with red color and the bones in the pieces of chicken were all smashed and made it hard to eat.
The portions are small for the amount you pay. I had 2 orders and it came with only 1 portion of rice. I called to inquire but was offered no answer or help.
The dishes were hit and miss.  One of our dishes was prepared with excessive amounts of garlic , almost all dishes had too much oil and an okra dish had more bell pepper and onions that the actual dish ingredient we ordered.  The service felt slow.  The place seems to be more of a take out or delivery place.  We were the only group seated in the small restaurant.  It is close to the theater district but I suggest trying a different cuisine and restaurant all together.  The salad and naan however were very good.
this place is absolutely adorable!!  it's super tiny, so I can only assume that in the evening, it would be a lot harder to get a table.  fortunately, we went towards the end of lunch and it was empty.  it's a byob (no corkage fee!) and they promptly opened up our bottle.  we had the buffet and it was very yummy!!  the food wasn't the best Indian we have had, but it was very delicious.  we had a few different things, so that was nice.  we will definitely come back here.  can't beat the buffet price ($11.99) plus a no corkage BYOB!
Indian is not great in Midtown West (Midtown East unfairly has a half dozen good Indian places).  This is the best delivery I've found in Midtown West.  The curries are flavorful and are good for leftovers.  The naan portion is big and the Naan itself is good.  I've never been blown away by the flavors, but if you need a delivery fix in the neighborhood, it's my pick.
Decent Indian food in HK - though I wouldn't say it's nearly the best in town.What's great about this place is you can stuff your face for $10 bucks thanks to their lovely little lunch buffet.  The spread isn't nearly as big as some other places but the variety is decent.  You get some decent vegetarian options (curried eggplant, egg, spinach etc) and also some meat options (lamb, chicken masala, tandoori chicken etc) as well as plenty of naan.  The chicken masala was just average at best.  The flavor of the curry was okay but not particularly tasty.  The meat was also very overcooked and dry.  The tandoori chicken was much better.  The meat was still dry but at least it had lots of good flavor.   The potato curry was also tasty.The staff here is very friendly and attentive.  For $10 bucks I say this is definitely one of the better deals in the neighborhood.  While the food isn't nearly as inspired or as tasty as say, Chola, but at least it's cheap and does the job.Just note the place is very small so seats are not exactly abundant.  Just keep that in mind before you stop by!
Went back one since my last review. The manager, who'd obviously read it, glared at me and icily said, "thank you for the review." He couldn't have made me feel any less welcome if he'd tried. Obviously being unspeakably rude to former regulars is part of this guy's business plan. What a shame there's no place else in Hell's Kitchen to get cheap, mediocre Indian food. Oh, wait...
I have been hunting for a good Indian place in Midtown West for a couple of years. This may be it. It was small and tightly packed inside but only a little more than you might expect in a neighborhood Indian place. We had a fried okra appetizer and the lamb biryani rice and the lamb tiki masala and garlic naan because J was only feeling about 85% and did not want anything spicy. It was all quite good.  The waitress was very capable and was handling the whole DR herself but did not drop the ball. They seemed to have 2 delivery guys working as well and there is a manager up front. I plan to visit here again and see if this can be my Midtown favorite.
Very tasty food. Had the chicken tikka masala and yellow daal. Samosa was also good and naan was not oily at all. A great yelp find. A small place but would return.
The food is delicious and authentic! The host is amazing! He remember's who you are and treats you like his family. It's always packed and the place is small and cozy! One of my favorite places for Indian food! Must try!!!
This place was Legit!Great tiny little Indian place. The flavors were great, and the lunch Buffet was great. It didn't have more than like 10-12 options, but it was a delight. Everything was well prepared and had good colors and textures.Because the place is so tiny you gotta be okay with closeness with other tables, and definitely you do not want to bring a big party to it, unless you take over the restaurant. for about 10 bucks for a great lunch buffet. Im game. I dig this place.
This was the worst Indian Food I've ever eaten. Nothing was spicy, the Tikka Masala literally tasted like cambells tomato soup, everything was served lukewarm and took forever. Waiter kept upselling items to us that we didn't really want and the food was way over priced for the terrible taste. Not only that, I got a very upset stomach that night from the food and I eat Indian food A LOT. Will never go again, please be aware. I've had Indian Take out way better for this place for 1/3rd of the cost!
I was taking a friend to lunch and she choose this place. I was a little skeptical at first since Indian food is not necessarily my favorite and neither is buffet style food. I was pleasantly surprised! The food was delicious, the service was great and the staff were very friendly. Also, for the price, this is a great lunch deal. I will definitely be back!
Can't believe I've overlooked this place for years. Cute little hole in the wall Indian place with amazing food. Especially liked the chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo- perfect job on flavor and spices.
I went here on July 3, 2016 with my BYOB and was surprised how good the food was. NOTE: wait staff could be a bit friendlier but I was here for food and to drink my BYOB of wine.We ordered the fired Okra, which was ok but I couldn't stop eating them for some reason.  And the standard vegetable Samosa.  Dense and tasty.  The garlic naan was really good too.  I ordered the coconut shrimp which tasted like coconut and was delicious with standard rice.  There was enough shrimp to get full upon.  My friend ordered the lamb chops which came with some grilled veggies under the chops.  These were some delicious tender chops. And, they gave you 6 wonderful size chops.  They were ordered medium rare but came cooked a bit slightly more but was glad they were.  The food was all excellent and the best part of going out and paying for a meal - is when you enjoy eating every bite with friends and walking away satisfied.  I will go back and tell everyone I know to try this little hole in the wall for good price and tasty real food.  Two thumbs up even though I gave it 4 stars.  You should always leave room for improvement.  Even though this place is a good bang for your buck.
Its close to school and a very tiny place, only can fit about 5 tables. All the curry I order is spicy, if u like spicy food the curry lamb should be good try.Also there has lunch special, but I didn't have the chance to try.PS: I was obsessed in the corn chicken soup!!! I dont know why I like it that much.  Anyone else have the same feeling with me?
My wife and I love Indian food and Aaheli Indian Cuisine gave us the best Indian food fix we have had in ages.  We are staying in the neighborhood and decided to try it out on a whim.The decor and table settings are very pleasing to the eye.  Aaheli has menu with typical Indian dishes which are prepared in a special way which makes them untypical.  We could not finish the generous portions and took the left overs back to our apartment because the food was so tasty.The food and the service were all great in this lovely little restaurant which deserves a loyal following.  We are looking forward to out next meal at Aaheli in the near future.
This place was great!  Everyone who works there is very friendly and attentive. They know the menu and make great recommendations. The food is delicious. Portions aren't crazy huge, just sized well.  Plus, doesn't hurt that it's BYOB!Also - the garlic naan is unreal.
Great food. My favorite is the Tardka Daal, you won't get anythign like this in the city. Good selection of chicken and lamb dishes too!
Came here with a bunch of friends! Loved the service and the food! Special mention to the harish ji and kiran! Met the chef swami! Very good work! Keep it up guys:) would return for sure.
Cold winter's day here in NYC. The perfect food was Indian buffet at Aaheli. Delicious choices, great service, friendly atmosphere. If you're looking for a yummy meal and good eats you will not be disappointed.
Disappointing visit this time around.  We've been back many times since my first review, but this time it was so mediocre that I felt the need to update/downgrade.When we we were seated, the condiment tray that was put on our table looked like it had been dipped into many times, so I asked for a fresh one and it was immediately replaced.  So far, so good, though that seemed odd.First we shared an appetizer of bhel puri, the Indian crisped rice with tamarind sauce that is crunchy and a bit sweet-&-sour, usually.  The crunch was great; the tamarind sauce, barely discernible!  The dish was mostly very dry.I ordered a meal that was described on the menu as whole okra stuffed with Indian spices.  What I got was small, shriveled (baked, maybe, or previously fried and then reheated) pieces of cut okra, with chunks of onion and red pepper.  It tasted just okay, and it certainly didn't fit its description.  I'd prefer to be told if a restaurant doesn't have an item I order, so I can make an alternate choice, to being served something sort-of similar.My husband ordered Chana saag, spinach with chickpeas, something he often orders in Indian restaurants.  He thought his meal was okay though not outstanding.I had some nice Indian rice pudding in mind for dessert, but we were never offered anything, just handed the check.  I suppose I could have asked at that point, but since the entree had been so disappointing, I figured maybe don't bother.All in all, not the level of food or service I've come to expect here.
A good buffet for its value. The waiter was really friendly. Would go again for a weekday buffet.
Don't go by the description on the menu, I ordered sweet corn chicken soup which said it has chicken broth but it had curry leaves and cream and what not in it. I called to confirm if I got the right order and the guy was like don't go by the menu it's not created by the chef, you have what we make.  I don't write reviews, but that was really annoying.
Seriously amazing Indian food. I am no expert, but I have had Indian food in a number of places in Manhattan, Queens and New Jersey, some of them super authentic, and this is without a doubt among the VERY best. The service was impeccable and the food was stellar. Highly recommended! BYOB is great with NO corking fee!
This place is fantastic! The staff are so friendly and knowledgable, especially the manager Kinan. I'm so glad to have a great spot like this in my neighborhood. And the BYOB is an added bonus! I'll definitely be coming back.
Food is awesome. Ask for authentic Delhi style butter chicken with bone. Can't go wrong
it was our last night in NYC.  My traveling companion and I wanted to do something simple for dinner, so we walked from our hotel to Hell's Kitchen.  We had no specific destination, e crept that we hoped to find an inviting "hole in the wall."  And Aaheli qualified on both counts.  It is almost literally a "hole in the wall," measuring only 9 1/2 feet across.  And it was inviting, So we walked in with no idea what to expect, except that it was Indian food.We are not familiar with Indian food, but the menu had helpful descriptions.  We settled on two dishes:  Punjabi Chloe (chickpeas cooked with onions, tomatoes and fresh ground spice) and Kashmiri Korma (lamb prepared in a saffron-almond sauce).  These were complemented by Pulao, basmati rice cooked with aromatic spices and saffron.  Everything was delicious, with nicely balanced and fresh tasting flavors.  The portions were more than ample.  Service was prompt and helpful, attentive but unintrusive.  As I indicated, this is  a hole in the wall, with only nine two seat tables, so the spaces are tight.  The was are somewhat unfinished, but this actually contributes to the ambience.  We definitely will return there, when we visit the city again.
I love Indian food and I think I am a tough critic when it comes to it. I stumbled across this tiny restaurant in my way somewhere, and I am very happy that I did. I love Indian lamb dishes and asked the manager/waiter for a recommendation. He recommended 2 dishes and I decided to have Lamb Pepper Fry even though the name itself didn't sound too promising- I love spicy but that sounded like something stir-fried with bell peppers. I am so glad I picked this dish - it was bursting with multiple flavors - peppers, coconut, cumin, etc., none of them overpowering but very balanced and simply very very tasty. The service was very attentive in a very genuine way.  Can't wait to come again and bring my friends. Another great UWS/midtown gem that are hard to come across of nowadays.
Worst possible place to eat in the whole Newyork. They took my money and didn't deliver the food at all, leave alone on time delivery!!!. When I called a couple of times to follow up, they hung up the phone. Finally I was able to reach them in the evening but the response was shattering and they just didn't care. I got responses like - call back in 2 hours as we are busy or we are not responsible for delivery as you have gone through the app and we don't care!! Please please people spread the word.. This could be the worst place ever.
I really like Indian food, and i have to say this hole in the wall is not bad.  I came here twice, once for their regular menu, and once for their lunch special.The regular menu stuff is very tasty, but in my opinion a bit pricy.  Just note that you kind of need to order rice or naan bread along with whatever you order since it doesn't come with it.  But you get a decent amount when you order an extra order of rice or something.  The flavored rices are awesome!The lunch special is a buffet - coming out to probably 13 bucks per person, tip and tax included - it's a good selection of 8-10 different dishes including tandoori chicken and some other vegetarian and non-vegetarian options, rice, and soup and stuff.  It's a lot of food and since it's all you can eat...go right ahead and eat as much as you want.
This is by far my FAVORITE Indian restaurant in NYC.  Not only is the food amazing, but the staff & owners are knowledgeable, provide great service and are very accommodating.  Most of the time now we just ask them what we should try & we've never been disappointed.Whether you're looking for a date spot or a group dinner spot - make sure your party likes to share food, because its the best way to go here!!
The best Indian food so far I ever had in US. I live in San Diego and was in NYC over the weekend. My good lord, I never had such authentic indian food even in bay area. 5 stars for an awesome service as well.
This review is two foldFirst let me relate an experience from yesterday.  We had gone for a late impromtu dinner on Wednesday night.  Enjoyed the meal and drove home to Queens.  About 30 minutes after getting home, my cell phone rang - and since it was late and I didn't recognize the number I was skeptical.  Turns out that I had left my pocketbook with a FULLY loaded wallet - lots of cash, credit cards and ID including drivers License, medical cards, etc  at Aaheli.  The manager called to let me know they had found the pocketbook and wallet and while they knew it was mine, they apologized for rummaging through to find a contact number.  Thankfully I had just put some business cards in my wallet, so he was able to contact me!!!  We agreed that I would come by in the morning to pick it up - not only was everything there intact, there was actually more cash in the wallet than I remembered.  I of course graciously and profusually thanked him again and again and slipped him a reward for his honesty and quick action.  Good Karma all around, as I had recently found and returned a nanny/housekeeper's purse and wallet that she also didn't know she had lost - as it fell off of the baby's stroller into the snow.The second point  is that we really enjoy the food at Aaheli it's a small small Hell's Kitchen Hole in the Wall - with pleasant ambiance, great service and delicious Indian food.   There are the standards - but what I love about Aaheli is that you can venture into some different choices not found at other places as well.A few favoritesThe crispy fried okra - which to me is almost the perfect bar snack.  Matchstick Julienne slices of deep fried crispy okra tossed with a chaat spice that is lemony, and spicy at the same time.  The flavors just burst on your tongue.The other appetizer we love is the eggplant chaat - forgetting the name, but it's the last appetizer on the list (at the bottom of the page)Thinly sliced japanese eggplant is flash fried and then smothered in fabulous tamarind chutney and sprinkled with the bhel puri type rice puffs.  LOVE IT so much it's hard to order different ones.For mains our favs areThe Desi Butter Chicken on the bone.  Lovely gravy with a nice tang to the tomato based sauce, as well as many fresh curry leaves which impart a special taste and fragrance to the dish.The shrimp malabar is usually another highlight of our dining experience at Aaheli.  Creamy coconut and mustard seed based southern curry.  Wish they would give you rice with the dishes.  The portions are good, the prices fairly reasonable but seriously - the food cost on rice is minimal and it's annoying to have to pay another $ 4 for a bowl of basmati.   They do included rice on takeout orders???
We ordered Dosa, uttapam and Vada Sambhar. All was so delicious.The next day we ordered Paneer Makhani and garlic naan that was amazing too!
We came in here as a second choice as there was an half an hour wait at Kashkaval and I'm so glad things turned out that way. I hadn't had Indian food for a couple of years before this but Aaheli completely reignited my love for Indian food. I got Lamb tikka masala and my friend (now boyfriend) got lamb saag. Both were delicious. We finished our dinner with some Indian ice cream (very special) and Indian coffee & tea. The coffee completely got me hooked. It was honestly the best I have ever had! The only downside was the slow service. I remembered waiting forever for our dishes  to be served but once they were, I was pleasantly surprised. I would definitely come back!
What a fantastic restaurant! I have no idea what the name of what I ate is, but it was a tandoori chicken and then grilled for the charred flavor served with vegetables with a red, tomato based sauce that was savory and sweet in the vegetable sense of the word. The service was excellent, though I was disappointed there was no ice in the water served to you. The restaurant was your typical New York small, "hallway" restaurant that could probably only handle 15-20 people at a time, but the lighting and decor were appropriate and warm, though the door set up will surely bring you cool drafts during the winter! My only other downside that I felt was that there was no rice served with the entrees without you ordering it on the side, which, in my experience, is different from most Indian restaurants.
This week we ordered Aaheli 3 nights in a row if that tells you anything haha
This is a tiny & unprepossessing restaurant, but the food is excellent. I dream of the Mulligatawny soup. And the lamb saag and chicken jalfrezi are the best I've had anywhere. You can also order special rices instead of plain basmati; I highly recommend the coconut and lemon flavors. Also, the staff are friendly and helpful. Love this place.
We  have visited Aahali indian Restaurant last week . With 2  varieties of curries (dal, cauliflower) they are calling it as buffet. Restaurant was unhygienic  with flies moving around and without air condition at 90 F outside temp.  Will not recommend this restaurant to my friends. I don't know how this restaurant got best reviews. Worst buffet I ever had in USA.
Great little Indian place.  The food is authentic and delicious.  The staff is attentive and nice.  We sat outside on a beautiful spring day.  It is BYOB, which we did.  The tables were decorated with rose petals and adorable.  Overall great experience.
Wonderful service, naina our server was very cute and helpful, she recommended the lemon rice which was delicious, the food was so good, we got the chicken tikka, dal maharani and lamb vindaloo, highly recommend and will def return :)
We enjoyed the lunch buffet yesterday. The food was fresh, authentic and delicious. Service was good and staff was friendly. The restaurant is small and has limited seating, but definitely recommend Aaheli for good Indian food.
Food was very good, but disappointed they gave us the check before even we had a chance to order dessert. Told waiter and he of course apologized, but the damage was done. Funny enough he tried to blame someone else when he was the one that gave us the check. Seems there was a line to get in and they pushed us out.
Coconut rice was delicious. It has a great aroma and it contains coconut shavings, so they give the rice a unique texture. Mango chicken was also delicious. I haven't seen it in most places so it was good to try something new. Place is small but quick and attentive service with nice staff.
Wonderful and delicious meal. Food is fresh and the hostess is very attentive.  We will definitely be back again!
I live right down the street and have been here three times thus far. I'll keep coming back. I've literally never had a dish that I didn't like. Last night I had the Desi Butter Chicken which was quite good - very similar to chicken tikka masala.The service has always been very good for me and the prices are reasonable. Don't think twice - try Aaheli!
Good indian food, unpretentious, reasonably priced, good service. Enjoyed the gulab jamun too.
I was looking for an Indian Cuisine restaurant the other day to celebrate my friends B-Day. There were 5 of us who attended Aaheli and we all felt at home. Their hospitality skills... warm & generous to our needs. Everyone and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner experience and our selections were all delicious, we'll be back!
Great food, BYOB, hospitable and accommodating staff makes this a great find in Hell's Kitchen area. Highly recommended!!
Delicious! We were happy with the dishes we ordered (chicken makhani, aloo gobi, roti and raita). Everything was tasty. Possibly the best Indian food  we've had in NYC so far.
3.5 stars, leaning towards 4 because my parents, who eat a lot of Indian food, really enjoyed it. To start, the service was a little odd. My usually laid-back husband called it "unprofessional". It felt like the staff were inviting an acquaintance to eat in their home than serving customers. It was neither warm nor personable, although the server gave some excellent recommendations. We started with puffed rice and fried fish appetizers, which were both well-spiced and came in reasonable portions.Our table ordered two types of tika masala, a vegetarian cauliflower dish, and dal. Both tikas were mild, but an addictive blend of sweet and savory. The cauliflower was roasted, but not dry. It came served in a tamarind and pepper sauce that made me want to lick the bowl. Finally, the dal (#1 in the dal section) was epic. I ordered it spicy and while it wasn't overwhelmingly so, the kick was the perfect balance for the earthiness of the assortment of dal. The gravy was rich and buttery, like it had simmered for hours. Overall, the food was satisfying and well-executed.Main courses were generous, but did not include rice or naan. That did enable us to order zesty, aromatic lemon rice for the table and what felt like a bucket of naan, both of which come highly recommended. As others have said, no corking fee may also be a draw.
Absolutely loved it. It was delicious and hands down one of the best meals I ever had. The lunch buffet is a steal coming to $9.95 per person. Not to mention, my party and I received stellar service coming from our waiters. I'm a stranger when it comes to Indian food and I gotta say, I'll be coming here more in the future.
I just went to Aaheli to treat a friend for her birthday dinner...let me break down my rating a little:Service: 5 stars!!I absolutely loved this place for how respectful, interested, and communicative the staff or at least one particular staffer was. Good service really adds more than a little something to a night out.Food: 3 and a half stars. (I'm South Asian so a bit stingy with ratings on South Asian food)I ordered a the fish tikka and my friend ordered soup and samosas. Food was pretty good and we enjoyed it quite a bit. Not to mention that they gave us a complimentary bowl of rice because the waitstaff couldn't understand why I was ordering fish without some carb to eat it with. I really liked my fish, it was soft and fresh...but I guess it really wasn't one of the best of desi food that i've had. And on the whole was not very memorable. The samosas were pretty ordinary fare, but my friend really liked the chicken corn soup.Ambience: 3 and half starsIts a small space...pretty dark and dimly lit. But again, the service made the ambience for us.Prices: 3 stars.I felt the place was a bit steeply priced for the ambience and the food. If I'm in the neighborhood, looking for a dinner out and pass by Aaheli, I will return. But I won't go searching for it.
I went to this place today for lunch, and the services was horrible. I waited 10 minutes, and still no one came to my table. I walked out! If you want better service DONT COME HERE!!! Also very nasty with the buffet, it looked very unkept.
Legit Indian Mom & Pop joint, what could be better!? Bring friends, wine (BYOB!) and come on a cold night because it's so warm and comforting and you won't want to leave and they're fine with that.
Any time I'm in the Lincoln center area I love eating Indian food here, its quite delicious. The area is small and crowded but the food is tasty. I order chicken Tina masala usually and garlic nann. Their portions are very generous and can be split between two people. The service could be quicker.
Ordered delivery and was told it would take 30 min. 1 hour later, I called to check in on the delivery (politely, I might add) to which the man answering the phone seemed annoyed with me for asking and said that it would be there in less than 15 min. 2 hours later I called again to check on our order. Again he seemed annoyed with me for asking where our delivery was, said it would be there in 2 min and then rudely hung up while I was mid sentence. Delivery didn't come for another 30 min and the delivery guy didn't have a receipt to give me. If you're not going to be able to deliver for 2.5 hours, I'd rather you not lie to me so I can order from somewhere else then have you lead me on for 2.5 hours.
DELICIOUS !!!Cordial treatment, very quiet place for dinner. Great food, especially the lemon rice,  best rice I've eaten in my life, better than any paella, risotto or chinese rice!Pro: BYOB, don't forget itSee the photos...  (dishes in the photos appear smaller than they really are, always)
The food here is fantastic and the flavors are blended to perfection. It's a very small place though so make sure you're comfortable sitting close to the next person.If you're very hungry and you're not during the lunch special this will probably cost more than the regular Indian restaurant since you have to order the rice separate. Still a very good experience mainly for the awesome quality of the food.
Delicious hole in the wall, great vibe. Listen to the owner-manager. He tells you honestly and authoritatively what you need to eat. "Jalfrezi, no, have the tikka masala, much better."  Like the Indian uncle uou didn't know you had. Delicious chicken tikka Masala, paneer tikka masala, Hyderabad eggplants deliciousness. Byob with a wine store around the corner. Great for a cozy night out
This place is great for Lunch. My friends and I would come here for the lunch buffet. The food here is  flavorsome and for the price ($10 for a lunch buffet) , you're getting a good deal! I loved the Chicken Tikka Masala with naan, it makes a delicious lunch. The waiters and employees are nice and helpful! If you ever in the mood for Indian cuisine, come to Aaheli!
i ordered food from Aaheli for Holiday party at my place.I read some earlier reviews about slow delivery and i decided to go in a day earlier and spoke to Tarek (manager/owner) . He was very courteous and took my order and assured timely delivery. My guests loved the food especially the malai kabab and biryani :)
I am form NY and live in LA. I have traveled all over. They know what they are doing in the Kitchen. Food is excellent and service was great as well. Reminds me of the old NYC where you could walk in to a tiny little place and think you left the country. If you like Indian food you can not go wrong it is just a tiny bit pricey but good food is not cheap. Enjoy!
I ate there for lunch a little while ago and it was one of my worst recent dining experiences.There was no friendliness whatsoever.  I do not think anyone said hello, goodbye or thank you for coming.  The buffet lunch food was very average to below average.  Almost nothing stood out, except for some fairly good naan bread.  Not a bad price for the buffet, but one could get a better meal elsewhere.
This restaurant is absolutely delicious!! Service is excellent. I had the buffet and was completely satisfied. Authentic flavors and dishes and warm atmosphere. Must go !!
'Twas my first time ordering a non-curry at an Indian restaurant. As usual, I was tempted by the heavy cream-based curries that tend to send me off into a food-induced stupor, but as I was preparing for a weekend of bikini-cladedness, I decided to try something that sounded lighter. I went for the 9th Ave Tofu Jalfrizi, featuring tofu, onions, eggplant, carrots and okra cooked in a tangy sauce. This sounded pretty healthy, and I was ready to shoulder the probability that it would be dry and not too flavorful. I was astounded with the result. The actual dish was really saucy, and the tang from the sauce was a phenomenal compliment to both the tofu and the veggies; in fact I don't think I've ever had as flavorful a tofu dish before in any capacity -- and that comes from someone who orders a lot of Thai and Japanese food.I did also try my friend's Kashmiri naan stuffed with raisins, cherries, and nuts and was pretty much in buttery goodness heaven.
Lunch buffet items were unimpressive, but one of the few indian lunch buffet options in the area.  Staff were courteous!
Amazing! I booked dinner for a bachelorette party here last night (maybe not the most obvious spot but BYOB Indian food is hard to pass up)! We got the vegetable samosas, vegetable kofta, tandoori chicken, saag paneer, paneer tikka masala and chicken korma. Everything was delicious! The only disappointment was the gulab jamun-- dry and tasteless. The service was great and they were incredibly accommodating given that we were there for 5 hours and opened a few bottles of wine.
The chicken Tikka was raw and chicken Tikka masala was very sweet. Only the saving grace for them was the chicken biryani.
Good flavors, pretty quick service but also fairly expensive for what it was. You definitely won't leave disappointed because this is one of the better Indian places in Hells Kitchen, but if it's amazing Indian food you're after, you're better off on St. Mark's.
Went here for the first time with my friend. Its  bit small but cozy. Owner/waiter (not sure which he was) was really nice and accommodating. I had the paneer makhani and my friend had the lunch buffet. We both loved our food. It was very tasty and my food was made just the way i wanted it.
I must order from this place 3 times a month at least. I'm addicted to their curry chicken wings, and their Kashmiri Malai Kabab. The chicken wings are never greasy, tender and flavored OH so good. I have to give them a RUMP for that. And the Kashmiri Malai Kebab is white succulent cubes of chicken cooked in a clay oven to perfection. It is so damn good!! A RUMP, RUMP for that chicken!! Delivery is always faster than expected and so far I have not been disappointed with the food. When I need some red meat I opt for the Seek Kebab. it's rolled pieces of lamb and flavored nicely. They allow you to choose your hot, so if you don't have the tongue for some Indian spicy you're in luck! It's regular, mild or spicy there. And they have a delicious Spinach dish too, it's spinach and potatoes. Another Rump for that! This is my go to place for Indian food, although there are many Indian restaurants here in Midtown West. I had some of those curry chicken wings tonight, and I'm feeling Rumptified!
Rude staff. Told me I couldn't sit at a particular table, because it was "reserved." No one ever showed up. And I was wearing a suit and tie. Not sure what more they want from that table.
K.K and Arish were amazing!!!! The lamb chops were splendid and the naan is to die for! Do yourself a favor and stop by whenever you're craving a taste of India.
Seriously THE best Indian food in all of NYC!!!! Plus the service is impeccable and the staff is the best!! Recommend this place to everyone!
My family and I have been eating at Aaheli for 4 years, ever since we purchased an apartment in Manhattan.  No matter the occasion, Aaheli always serves up the perfect meal.  We love Indian food and Aaheli never fails to provide us with the best.  Some favorites include: Samosas, 9th Ave Chicken Tikka, Tikka Masala, Shrimp Malabar, Garlic Naan, Lemon Rice, and Ghobi Bhuna.  The food is always super fresh and delicious.  The perfect delivery on a cold rainy night, or a great meal out with a bottle of wine from the liquor store at the corner.  The people who work there are very attentive and make great recommendations.  This restaurant is non-pretentious and the perfect spot if you're looking for a low-key, yet, impressive meal.  A place we keep going back to and are satisfied every single time!
Good Indian food in hell's kitchen. Delivery is quick and reliable. Restaurant looks cramped and small so I haven't eaten inside. $10 vegetarian lunch special is very good.  So far, best local Indian in HK.
The food was very good (though not the best I've ever had). The prices were reasonable ($11/12 for most veg entrees) but entrees don't come with rice, a major pet peeve of mine. The place is tiny, and the materials are not high quality; cups are plastic and the table we sat at was a plastic folding table (covered by nice cloths of course). They try for a nice presentation with flower petals, but they turn quickly and get in the way. I had to ask twice for water at the start, but then they were good about bringing it. They did bring a nice rice pudding, complimentary, for dessert, though one of the spoons they gave us was dirty. An unfortunate occurance was when the waiter was clearing the table he dropped a dish of sauces and it clattered to the floor behind me. I didn't think much of it, but when I got up to leave I saw that it had splattered ALL OVER the side of my jacket. The waiter either didn't say anything or somehow missed it when it happened, and when I went to the back to ask for a cloth to clean it, showing what happened, the proprieter was on the phone and handed me a cloth napkin and directed me to the bathroom. If I were him, I would have apologized profusely and made more of an effort to help. Overall not a great experience.
Excellent cuisine. The staff is friendly and service was attentive without being overbearing. Small place but surprisingly quiet, even with most of the restaurant filled. I would suggest making reservations especially on the weekend. Definitely repeatable.
I would have given it a 5, but the menu online didn't match the one at the restaurant (the dishes were more expensive than advertised online, and none came with rice, as someone else mentioned; but online, it is advertised as so). Still, wasn't too bad. I went here with my gf for her bday before a show at Radio City. She got paneer mekhani. I got the chicken mekhani (spelling?). Both were delicious. Standard serving sizes with lots of flavor (neither were very spicy if at all). Service is top notch. It was prompt and efficient; after walking from the ferry, we were immediately seated, our glasses were topped with water (which continued throughout the night -- literally, never saw the bottom of my glass), and as soon as we were ready, our orders were taken. Oh, and one more thing. The Mango Lassi was incredible -- a real delicious drink. It was the first time I actually enjoyed one -- other ones at other restaurants have been too sour for me. Definitely going back just for this.One minor thing: it is a pretty small place. There was a part of 6-8 or so next to us which took up almost half of the restaurant. Another party of 4 showed up, and they had to squeeze into their seats. But, I didn't hear anyone complain. It's not too far from the theater district or times square. Less than a 30 minute walk (at a slow pace). Perfect for walking out of that food coma!I would definitely recommend it, especially if you're in the area or going to a show.
They don't give you rice for free. This makes me give an automatic 3 stars, no matter how good the food is, because it's just stupid.I luckily ended up with rice when I went with friends because the server messed up and brought out rice by accident. But it had freezer peas and carrots on it and I thought that was just pointless. I just wanted some basamati rice to eat my food with. I ended up ordering naan so I could eat the palak chickpea I ordered. My dish was extremely tasty, the naan was standard. My friend ordered a chicken curry dish and commented that the chicken tasted off to him.Not much more to say, wish they would have given me rice without peas and carrots on it though.
My friends from out of town and I walked into a seemingly quiet spot that ended up being a true jem. Incredibly delicious dishes - definitely worth the intital intrigue. Every dish is well done. The most surprisingly enjoyable was the flavored rice which is apparently a southern Indian culinary specific. The service made every bite all the more delicious. The team of hosts even made special tea for one if us as she had a sore throat and then recommended dishes on the menu that would be best for her to feel better. Get to this place!
I was brought here by a friend who frequents Aaheli. We came for the all-you-can-eat buffet (at $9.95). Quick, friendly service, they weren't stingy with the buffet despite there being only 2 tables of customers. Average tasting Indian with the staples (korma, Tandoori, etc; although their saag paneer wasn't the pure spinach/cheese version I'm used to), the meat wasn't as tough/stringy as other cheap-ish Indian places.Not the best Indian I've had in NYC, but not bad for the price. Probably 3.5 stars if anything. No complainants here about Aaheli, I'd consider going back.
Came here for dinner with a friend and ordered entirely too much food. She's vegetarian, so we stuck with the vegetarian offerings this time (which is totally fine because Indian vegetarian dishes are delish!)The space is very small. We were in a corner table and felt a little trapped by the table right next to us. But it's kind of a hole in the wall vibe, so we went with it. Water was refilled constantly. I think it's a BYOB place, so remember to bring your own!We ordered the Aloo Tiki to start, usually one of my fave chaat dishes. I love the combo of savory potato with tangy tamarind, cool mint, and chickpeas. Great dish. We also got one of the daal dishes. Can't remember which, but it wasn't the highlight of the meal. Not that it was bad, but I've had such outstanding daal in the past that this one just didn't do it for me.I ordered the Hyderabadi Bhagara Baingan. THIS WAS AMAZING. We were a little worried about the coconut sauce, but this was delicious and creamy and probably terribly unhealthy but it was heaven on naan. I honestly don't remember what my friend ordered (think it was the Vegetable Korma) because I was so blown away by this dish.Also got lemon rice - I liked it, especially the bits of preserved lemon. But in general, I'm not the biggest rice fan so probably would skip next time. Naan was decent, but not the best I've had.But definitely go and ORDER THE HYDERABADI BHAGARA BAINGAN. I feel like I need to go and get this dish again.
I was hoping for better.  The space is tiny and the seating is tight.  Service is indifferent and not at all friendly.  Food was below average for NYC Indian.  The Chicken Tikka was completely watered down and devoid of flavor.  Other dishes were better but the sauces aren't concentrated enough.  Prices are cheap and BYO is allowed with no corkage.
Cant beat their lunch buffet special! ALL YOU CAN EAT for $10! Hell to the yes! They have about 10 dishes ranging from vegetarian to chicken dishes and sometimes lamb. Includes naan bread, salads and dessert. Its a tiny spot with VERY limited seating and you definitely feel like you're seating right on top of the next person... but for $10 its worth it I guess.
