The soup dumplings are from the supermarket. This place is overrated but prices are okay i guess
This little hidden gem in the neighborhood is off the hook.  I feel ashamed to say this, but I've lived two blocks away for over 20 years, and I finally came to check this place out.  I don't know why it took me so long, but I am glad I did!  The service here was awesome.  The owner's son was very kind and answered my million questions.  It was a huge plus he spoke both Canto and English since I was able to ask for certain dishes I only know how to say in Canto. The food here was awesome.  It was stuff I grew up eating as a kid - xlb, fried wontons, fried dumplings, noodles, scallion pancake.  Everything was made just right, and the price was just right.  The place is also really clean and bright.  It was a huge plus to have the tv on while eating.  The place was constantly packed and people were constantly coming in.  I'm really glad to see this place busy and with so much business.  I'm glad I finally tried this restaurant and it's in the neighborhood.  I hope this place sticks around for a long long time.  It's a true hidden gem, and I almost wish it would stay that way before the secret gets out.  Definitely worth checking out and I would say this is the best place in Brooklyn to get your xlb fix, much better than anything you can find in Bay Ridge and 8th ave.  I will be back!!!
I've been to this place years ago when it first opened but I've heard that they switched owners, so I decided to give this place a try again. I ordered the regular soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and the spicy chilis w/ beef noodle soup. I gave this place 3 stars because I was highly disappointed by the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings served lacked the signature soup that squirts all over the place, the flavor was alright.. it just didn't leave me wanting for more. I think perfecting the soup dumplings at a Shanghai restaurant is the key because soup dumplings are a staple icon in any Shanghai restaurant. The scallion pancakes were good, nice and crispy. The real star of the show was definitely the spicy chilis w/ beef noodle soup. The chili and beef was very flavorful, pairing quite nicely together. I would recommend ordering that with rice cakes next time. This place has great service and I would like to go back to try some of their other dishes.
I really like this local spot, and in particular LOVE the tasty rice cakes! I got them Shanghai Style, which had really yummy bok choy and pork strips. The soup dumplings are pretty nice, too! The service is really quick and friendly. I'll definitely be back!
Food here tasted decent, and none of their food "wowed" me. I am a huge fan of Shanghai rice cakes, but it tasted just okay here, not the best.
This is one of the best Shanghai spots in Brooklyn but the restaurant is small so expect a wait.I've been here mostly with family and once with a friend. The pork soup dumplings are good, but the crabmeat soup dumplings can't compare to the ones at Joe's Shanghai. Besides pork soup dumplings, I've had chicken with broccoli, fish head casserole, Shanghai pan fried rice cakes, Shanghai thick noodles and braised spare ribs. Honestly, all of the dishes are good so it really depends on what you like. Prices are affordable so it's worth checking out.
Nice little place run by very nice people. The clientele were all Chinese, which speaks to the fact that it must be good because they can cook this at home.  Scallion pancakes & veggie dumplings were outstanding. I ordered chicken with ginger & scallion but was brought another dish by mistake. They took care of it immediately, however, the chicken with ginger & SCALLION was more like chicken with ginger & snow peas. Way too little scallion. I personally prefer that dish at 86 Noodles much better. I would, however, try this place again. 3-1/2 to 3-3/4 stars
Delicious food, nice serversClean place. Servers attending the tables well. Place was packed for a Thursday
Pretty much going to add onto all the other great reviews for Liu's Shanghai: it's a small cozy place and with the increased word by Yelp, I believe there is only going to be more of a wait by the doors, which they've been able to handle well so far. I've come here about 4 times before and returned again tonight for a small dinner for 4. The wait was quoted 15 minutes but we got seated pretty quickly.We got both the regular pork and crab meat pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried wontons, Shanghai lo mein, and their gigantic vat of fish head casserole, which seem to be some of the top favs per reviews.Of the two soup dumplings, I preferred the crab meat more. The skin was thin and the soup flavorful. I like how they give you a jar of vinegar to pour over little sauce dishes of sliced ginger. So glad there's now a solid soup dumpling place relatively close by in Brooklyn to satisfy my cravings.The fried wontons are crispy and tasty with their distinct sweet and savory peanut butter chili oil sauce, dusted with granulated sugar. Scallion pancakes and the Shanghai lo mein were okay, nothing too special; the noodles for the lo mein seemed overcooked tonight, ending up in a lot of short pieces during the cooking.The fish head casserole was huge. I could've probably dunked my entire head in that basin. I was apprehensive about this at first since I tend not to be a fan of Chinese fish soup, finding most of them too fishy. With the first taste, I realized that the fishy taste was nicely played down by their generous use of ginger (there was legit a ginger the size of a potato bobbing in the soup) and spicy peppers. It ended up as a really hearty soup that warmed your entire body, great for chilly weather. I'm still not a fan of eating all the chunks of fish heads, but my parents and boyfriend made short work of that. I stuck to the tasty tofu and flat noodles.Other dishes that I've tried before at prior visits that were on point: Braised Pork Belly with buns (even for me, someone who finds the texture of fatty meat absolutely disgusting, enjoyed this - it just melts in your mouth), crab meat with silken tofu, and their soup noodles.The overall quality of the food is a solid 4, but the service really edges out the rating to 4.5 stars. It's obvious the place is run by a very hard working family, everyone bustling around and attentive to refilling tea and putting out orders. They're always polite and friendly and the free sweet tong sui (choice of red bean & black glutinous rice or tapioca sweet potato) they bring to you at the end is yet another extra nice gesture. You leave the place fully satisfied.
Still the best Shanghainese restaurant in Brooklyn! Having been here twice, once under the previous ownership and once now under the new ownership, much hasn't changed in terms of the food. Basically, the food is still as good here as ever!We dropped in on a Friday evening at about 7pm and the restaurant was almost at capacity. Now when I say at capacity, it holds a little bit less weight here than at other restaurants because this restaurant only has a handful of tables. There's 1 big table in the back and a few other tables that can accommodate 2-4 people. Nevertheless, the restaurant is SMALL, so get here early for dinner.As for the decor, it's still quite shabby so not much has changed from the previous ownership. The floor is covered in carpeting that isn't the prettiest and the walls are bare. The tables are also plain brown with no table cloth. To be honest, for a family owned restaurant like Liu's, I would not have it any other way! Even though the decor is not attractive, I feel it absolutely adds to the authenticity of this restaurant and for the fact that is has not "sold out" to be fancy. It's further proof that it's one of those local establishments that customers are truly there for the food and the food alone!What about that food? FREAKING DELICIOUS! Here's a quick recap of what we ordered in our latest visit:VEGETARIAN DUCKOne of my favorite Shanghainese dishes anywhere and it was perfect here. Definitely comparable to some of the best Vegetarian Duck I've had anywhere! It was very fresh and I easily could have devoured 2 orders of this by myself!JELLY FISHA nice light appetizer and something that set our palette. If you're a fan of cold appetizers, this one is for you. I highly recommend this and the Vegetarian Duck to get your night started. SHANGHAINESE LO MEINThe lo mein took a while to come out, but when it did it knocked our socks off! It was hot, fresh and all of the flavors we expected with a lo mein were there. It wasn't too salty and there was a fair amount of all the ingredients in there - cabbage, greens, mushrooms.SAGO DESSERTThis one was on the house and was a nice surprise. I have to admit it was a bit watered down, but when it's free, it taste that much better!In closing, the food was great, but the service was even better! The gentleman who served us all night was extremely courteous and friendly. From the moment we sat down and received a "Hey guys, how's it going..." we knew we were in for a good night of service. The food was 4 stars, but the friendliness and home cooking-like atmosphere boosted them to 5 for me!
The hype is real. Lived here for 20 years and only tried this place a few months ago. It's been packed forever and now I know why. High, high quality Chinese. Even the sesame chicken (such a simpledish) was cooked uniquely and so obviously fresh. Anything you order is great. The loss of a star is because they don't always deliver. "We're too busy, we can't do it" is the reason they give very, very often. I live 3 blocks away. Wtf? We've ventured to pick it up ourselves but that's not always possible with a 3 year old. Hire another delivery person and cook !!
Recently discovered this quaint little restaurant and I already love it. Have been here twice and the food and service has been great. Don't let the look of the place fool you, it's fairly simple in decor but it's all about the food. It hasn't been super packed when I've gone around lunch time but it does fill up nicely. They only have 2 young waiters who are both nice and efficient. I think this might be a family run/owned business and that's always good to see. Their soup dumplings are delicious especially the scallop ones. Their soup dumplings don't actually have a lot of soup but the flavor is on point especially the scallop. Paired with the scallion pancake sauce and it's delicious. The scallop dumplings actually have 2 kinds of scallops inside, pieces of the Chinese dried kind and a smaller lighter color kind. For around $9 for that version, it's a must try. The pan fried dumplings with the peanut sauce and chili is crack. I'm craving it right now and it's 2am. Another must try is their sizzling dishes with black pepper sauce. Doesn't matter which version, I asked for beef with tofu and it's great with rice. I'm going back soon, I think this is going to be a regular spot for sure!
Definitely one of my favorite Shanghainese restaurants in NYC. LOVE their soup dumplings, especially pork and crab. Chicken fried rice is divine, SHANGHAI noodles and fried rice cake are literally crack. My sister loved the beef and tomato dish they had as well. Highly recommend Liu's. I don't live that close but I will order for pickup because it's that tasty. SO COMFORTING.The only downside is there's a wait sometimes.. BUT WORTH IT!!!!!
New favorite restaurant. Their pork soup dumplings were fantastic; I wanted to order more for later. I ordered the chicken lo mein too, and it did not disappoint- the food was fantastic, the service was very quick. Love it. Will definitely be back!
The way into my heart is with soup dumplings.But y'know, I'll also take stir fried noodles.Liu's Shanghai is a Shanghainese restaurant that has an abundance of both. I remember not liking this place very much back when it was Chui Hong Yuan, but they're really stepped up their game. The place is completely renovated with modern signage and better air conditioning.The soup dumplings are good. The skin is thick enough, and the pork tastes fine. Nothing really exemplary that sets it apart from other good dumpling places though.Their Shanghai noodles with pork are good. Cooked hot and loaded with veggies and mushrooms.My favorite dish was probably the hot pepper shredded beef. Super spicy and flavorful (maybe a tad salty, but nothing some rice won't fix).Also had a vegetable dish, which I didn't like that much. IT was the mushroom, bean curd skin and cabbage. It was like they just took huge pieces of cabbage and steamed them, because that's what it mostly was.The place isn't that big, so you might have a wait on weekends.  But I think it's definitely worth it (especially since there aren't too many Shanghainese restaurants in Brooklyn).Also, they accept all major credit cards!
I don't get what everyone is raving about. Is this really the best Bensonhurst can do?I'm willing to look past the "C" grade, as long as the food is delicious. But my dinner was far from delicious. Several dishes were super salty and I don't know if this is from a lack of taste or overcompensating for hygiene. I would especially advise you to avoid the drunken chicken at all cost. Imagine cooking your chicken in a salt brine, chilling it, then pouring a shot of vodka over it per portion. No subtleness at all- just chicken, salt, rice wine liquor, chill, not specifically in that order. The fried udon noodles we got tasted straight out of a dehydrated udon pack you buy at the supermarket, one of the driest shanghai noodles I've had. Also, something strange: they brought out a bowl of rice for each person at the table that was never requested. Although we shouldn't have eaten rice+noodles, the rice was needed to dilute the saltiness. And to my surprise, they charge you for the rice. At the end, we had sweet rice soup which tasted like Splenda and water. I really don't know how you mess up there. The restaurant is also awkwardly quiet at times, and although service isnt particularly slow, it does feel that way.
4 stars...4.5....ok 5 stars! Why?In the past 7 months, I have been to this little Chinese place near the police station 6 times, and every time the food is solid as it is (so are the crazy crowds waiting to dine in). The first time I only ate XLB because that's what they're known for. Then the second time we tried some other solid specialities, like fried noodles, Drunk Chicken and Wa Fu (tofu).Then the next few times I went with my family and we discovered another gem: their huge casserole selections, ESPECIALLY THE FISH CASSEROLE. It's extremely annoying to cook fish soup because you have to fry it first. Liu's fish soup is cooked the right way as you can see the pale milky richness in the casserole. All their casseroles are flavorful and always come with a ton of goodies.Their dessert: Not so good because they're all watered down. Service: The place is TINY. Only a few small tables then a big one in the corner. A tiny bathroom next to the kitchen. This place is seriously busy after 5:30pm. I didn't want to deduct a star because of crowds because, c'mon, food is too good! Staff are so friendly, too. I think the glasses guy who takes orders and the female are owners? I feel welcomed every time I go and they try to be attentive as possible but sometimes you know, crowds.Payment: You can skip tax by paying with cash, otherwise...Would I keep coming back even though I've been there so many times?HECK YAAAAASS. There are so many other Chinese options on 86th Street but I truly believe this one is very solid in the Bath Beach neighborhood.
I heard about Liu's Shanghai when a friend raved to me about their fried wontons with peanut sauce. It sounded like a strange combo to me at first but I decided to try it just because. What a pleasant surprise- I fell in love with it! The soup dumplings and noodles were also really yummy, fully deserving of 5 stars. I am so glad I finally found a Shanghainese restaurant that I can go to nearby home, but I wouldn't be shocked if there is a wait at lunchtime- there was a decent crowd outside by the time I got there. Still, I would not hesitate to return. The staff was friendly and the food came out quick. What more can I ask for?
My boyfriend and I came here on a whim one night after always reading about it on yelp and social media. When looking at it from the outside you wouldn't expect to get the amazing food you get inside. It's a really tiny restaurant, every table was filled and their were people waiting to seat the whole time we were dinning. The turnover rate is quick, so the wait time for a table isn't too long. Our server was a guy who was super friendly and really helpful with helping us decide what to get to eat. He suggested we get the soup dumplings, the fried wontons in peanut and hot sauce, and wonton soup for an appetizer. As entrees he suggested the braised chicken shanghai style. The food was excellent, it felt like I was eating at an authentic, really fresh Chinese restaurant, which you don't find a lot of in brooklyn. The soup dumplings were the best ones we ever had, and the friend wontons in peanut and hot sauce were so good, they were spicy at all. The peanut sauce was made with peanut butter and was a little too heavy for me but still good. We always like to get wonton soup anytime we go to a Chinese restaurant and the soup here was delicious, the broth was so lite and fresh. The braised chicken was also so delicious, and was a big enough portion to split between the two of us. It was cubed chicken and some pieces were on the bone. The pieces on the bone didn't have a lot of chicken on them which was a waste. They served the chicken with bamboo sheets and it was cooked so perfectly and soft. This place was so good and I'll 100% be back!
Superb, best in the area which is saying a lot due to its intense and large number of Chinese and Asian food vendors and restaurants of all sorts.First, the outside, it used to be Chui Hong Yuan before a serious rebranding, remodelling, and completely revamped menu and culinary focus. Same Shanghainese-oriented food, but at a much higher level. They now emphasize and deliver on consistency and uniqueness to rise above the usual Chinese restaurant experience of this area. The eat-in wait and busy takeout activity of weekends confirms its local and neighborhood-wide popularity.Now for the reason we all come, the food. Superb, easily the best XLB (xiaolongbao, or soup dumplings) in the area. Customers, eat-in and take-out alike, included usual array of Asians (not only Chinese) but also Latin-Americans (who are dominant in the area) and Caucasians. The consistently quality food is why we eat out vs eat in: we trust to get the same good food each visit and order. I ordered the pork xlb, pork and scallop xlb (superbly unique), crab xlb (so much crab, so fragrant, crab is expensive and laborous to get so I applaud them), and the five flavor beef in dry version (custom ordered, the server was thoughtful here). We enjoyed 30 mins of the heavenly eating which is so special to find so close to home.The service is snappy. Despite the inevitable wait on weekends due to having only 8 small tables (4-6 each, depending on squeeze) and 1 big table (seat 8-10), the staff are polite, calm, in control, and honest. One can see the entire dining room and each table's dining progress thus it's easy to keep them honest about waiting order.The last bits are the location is very convenient being 2 aves from the overly crowded thus no-parking-possible 86th Av whereas here on Bath Av, easy plentiful parking is found, especially towards the west and south. The exterior is well signed and identified. The locale is very safe with no tangible safety concerns. The bathroom is clean, spacious, and well-ventilated.Go!
I love their rice cakes. It is a small restaurant and it gets packed. The prices are really good. I think this is a family owned restaurant. They do their best with service.
this place has such tasty food. best restaurant in bensonhurst.
So good!!! Came here on New Year's Day after having an intense craving for Shanghai food. We ordered:- Scallop soup dumplings: did not disappoint.- Crab and pork soup dumplings: I preferred these to the scallop ones and they hit the spot!! They were chockful of filling and soup and were extremely juicy and flavorful. - Scallion pancake: the top two slices were super crispy and went well with the sweet-soy dipping sauce, but the pieces underneath went a little soggy. Still delicious.- Spicy beef noodle soup: great broth. The noodles were cooked a tad too long and didn't have that bite I liked.The servers were friendly and attentive and overall, I would definitely come back (soon).
I love this place. It's not a large place so if you come in for dinner you probably have to wait. The shanghai dumpling here, though not the greatest, are delicious. Scallion pancake here is also well made. The real reason i would come to this place besides it being one of the only shanghai places in the are is for their fried wonton. Wonton is already amazing by itself and peanut sauce is amazing with everything so when you put fried wonton and peanut butter together that's something that is greater than amazing. The fried wonton is really fried to perfection and it's actually really fried up and crispy and not soggy. They put a perfect amount of some sweet peanut sauce goodness with the wonton that will leave every bite of your wonton pretty sauced up. This place is great for a quick meal and also for family style too. They have a large amount of chinese dishes and casseroles  you can choose from for family style.
The best soup dumplings in Brooklyn! If they advertised it more there would be lines around the block for these dumplings!
I am ok with their food and their service most of the times. But I went there on a Thursday night with my family of four and we were ignored. We had two young kids and they needed food. We only received one of our four dishes and the one that came was the soup buns which was not enough food. There was a family of three that came in at the same time and they received all their food. There were people coming in to order take out and they received their food before us, a family of four with two young kids. After more than 30 minutes of waiting we decide to have the rest of our order to go! I was so disgusted that I didn't even bother to get my change. I hope this is not an average occurrence. The brother and sister team was just disorganized when it got too busy. I hope they hirer an additional waiter on those busy times or they will start to see business sharply decline.
The dumplings are best in Brooklyn. Great Shanghainese fare. Definitely get the different types of hot and sour soups. This is the real authentic hot and sour soup. Their salted fish and chicken fried rice is also great. Another must have is their spicy fried wontons...lovely burst of flavor.
Yum! The spicy wontons were the bomb! It so different. Not very spicy but it's coated with sugar and peanut sauce. The place looks so clean now with the new Reno. I can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu.
Good service and food came pretty quick. Ordered fried wonton with peanut sauce (to die for), pork soup dumplings, scallop soup dumplings, stir fried rice cake shanghai style, and slow cooked pork belly. The pork soup dumplings are good, not a fan of the scallop ones. The shanghai style rice cakes are missing the salty spicy pickled vegetables, I was looking forward to it. The pork belly was awesome, so very tender. Great place for a quick meal.
XLB shouldn't be for take out but I was desperately craving. The buns came slightly thick skinned and not saucy.  I was expecting it them to be more juicy and explosions in my mouth when I bit in. NOT SO MUCH. This would be a skewed review of that. Will update when I eat in. I also ordered jelly fish but there was no flavor! It was missing some vinegar and pepper. Also felt it wasn't crunchy enough. The portion was huge though. My favorite was the free coconut sago tong sui that came unexpectedly with the meal. Funny how it was the best of the 3 items....Not too sweet and perfectly suspended sago beads. I would totally pay for a large quart next time!
This place takes cash only! (Edit: My mistake, it does take cash, please see comment below) Small and sweet family owned place. The food has a home made feel to it. Xiao long bao is very tasty but the skin is slightly bready and thick. Best Xiao long bao I've had in Brooklyn. I'll be coming back soon to try more dishes!
Really good food..if you want real Chinese food this is the place to go to!! The price is decent and place is small but always there are people.
I decided to give this place a try because of the reviews on soup dumplings. I love soup dumplings. I thought would be nice to not have to go to Manhattan or Queens just for soup dumplings. Soup dumplings were tasty. The skin wasn't too thin or thick. There's just the right amount of flavor. Honestly, their soup dumplings are better than Joe Shanghai. I had the jellyfish, fried wonton in peanut & hot sauce, and the crab meat hot and sour soup. EVERYTHING was delicious. I love the crab meat hot and sour soup. Food is meant for sharing since everything was served family style. I will be returning whenever I have a craving for soup dumplings!
It's been a while since I've paid a visit here with my family. And yet, it still does not disappoint. A friend and I came on a Thursday afternoon since we were craving some Shanghainese food, and we weren't about to go to Joe's in Chinatown because of the longer commute. To my surprise, the restaurant was empty. I mean, it is lunchtime, right? I expected a lot of people, since this place has top notch reviews on yelp. The service was friendly, they didn't bother us too much or push us to leave, since I've had that experience at more crowded restaurants like Joe's Shanghai. We opted for two plates of crab meat and pork soup dumplings, and one plate of the fried wontons with peanut sauce and chili oil. And I have to say, not much has changed since I came here a couple of years ago. They definitely renovated, so the environment feels much more pleasant and homey. Anyway, let's get back to the main point. The food was so bomb. If you're scared about the fried wontons being spicy, you shouldn't be. You taste more of the peanut and soy sauce with a little sugar on top, so it's great for sweet toothers! The crab meat and pork soup dumplings were bursting with flavor and oozing with soup, and it makes my mouth water as I write this. The most important thing about cooking soup dumplings is not to overcook it, or else the dough falls apart and the soup leaks out, leaving you with just a dumpling. However at Liu's, I did not experience this problem. Out of 16 dumplings, only one had its soup leak out, and this was because I was lazy and didn't use the plastic tongs. USE THEM if you don't want to puncture the dumpling!! Honestly, I don't know what was better, the fried wontons or the soup dumplings, but I could go for both right now. Best of all, it wasn't even expensive! We shelled out about $12 each for two people, and at that price, we were preeeetty stuffed.The thing that separates this place and other Shanghainese restaurants is probably their location. Since everyone's leaning more towards the Joe's Shanghai locations in the city, this place is not very well known. However, I'm really glad that my family found this place out, since this will now be my go-to spot for traditional Shanghainese food. If you're closer to here than the Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown, save yourself the trip. GO HERE!! Five stars, six if I could. :)
Had Sunday dinner here around 6pm. Good service . not packed. Wanted to give it 3 stars for making me sit near a man with nauseating body odor, but that wasn't their fault.  My experience was slightly ruined due to no fault of establishment.  Soup dumplings had a lot of meat. Husband liked that but I personally prefer more equal soup to meat ratio in my soup dumplings. Husband was not too thrilled about his sesame chicken but we both loved my preserved cabbage and pork noodle soup. It had a lot of greens and they were fresh and flavorful. Will come back for the noodle soup. I've had better soup dumplings.
Delish! So nice to be able to get yummy soup dumplings in the neighborhood! Also yummy are the scallion pancakes and spicy wontons!! Great food and service!!
My family have gone here for many many years...The food here has always been great but the service was horrible before renovation. Now with renovation done and with the new management the combination of great food and excellent service provided by the younger siblings or cousins duo make this place in the neighborhood the place to eat great Shanghainese food. Absolutely love the great service!! Glad to see "auntie" is still there to help out in the kitchen.
A friend recommend this place to me because of their wings so I came by one day after a hangover with a couple of people and decided to try them along with their dumplings.Their wings have a different flavor to them unlike any other Chinese restaurant I've ever been to and their dumplings are on par, if not better than any gimmicky place such as Joe's Shanghai. Their prices are very reasonable and the customer service is excellent, constantly ensuring I had a fresh pot of tea. There is also plenty of street parking around the area. I didn't try anything except the wings and dumplings but the friends I was with had a few different dishes and they all approved of me suggesting the place.
snuck in during lunch with just the 2 of us so we snagged the table by the front. it was pretty full and people looked like they were enjoying their food and company. we were craving some shanghainese and looks like theyre one of few if not the only one in brooklyn. had a great fulfilling meal - wine chicken, aromatic beef, fried rice with anchovy/chicken, soup dumplings (these were just ok). tried to come back for dinner one day but the line was out the door so moved it along. will def be back soon.
Been coming to this place for the past few weeks with my wife. We love the service and the food. My wife and I like different spice level of the hot and sour soup and both of us get exactly what we want. We love the hot and sour soup and the attention and appreciation we receive as customers. We also tried some other dishes (general tso's chicken and beef with Chinese hot pepper) and they were excellent. Definitely one of the best places in the area.
It's no fancy restaurant, but the food is sooooooo amazing!!! Definitely try their fried dumplings and soup dumplings. I'm so glad to have this place in my neighborhood.
I live just around the corner and this place has never been on the radar for me until recently. I'm so glad I decided to walk in or  else we would have missed a neighborhood gem. Reliable, clean, and delicious, also great service and people. Definitely feel the family owned style of the place which is a huge plus for me. Will be back for more takeouts and dinners!
A must stop every time I come home to visit! I love love love the XLB's. That is all I eat when I come here. Nothing fancy just the original pork filled soup dumplings. Yummo!
Visiting friends & family in Brooklyn and it was too hot & muggy to cook or go out. Found Liu's Shanghai based on the good reviews so good friend jumped on the subway to bring back takeout.Shanghai wonton in hot sauce was unusual but very unique & tasty. Usually boiled & served in a spicy sesame sauce. The Liu's fried their with same sauce but the wontons were slightly rolled in a dry crushed peanut & sugar mix. Unusual but it works and the pork filling was very fresh so it was delicious. The fried dumplings were also delicious & served with a garlicky vinaigrette. We also shared noodles with chicken, shrimp, pork in lobster sauce. Add a little red chilli sauce & black vinegar and it's fantastic.  The noodles in spicy meat sauce was sweet & spicy and the Liu's cook their noodles very well. I've boycotted Joe's Shanghai because you can crack a window with their noodles. Some places over cook their noodles so it's a sticky mess and you can't mix it properly. Bravo to you Mr. Liu for getting your noodles right. And the Kau Fu was delicious, a little bit too sweet but they score points for the lovely tender texture. I've had this in 2 other places and it's always  been a chewy sponge like texture. Bonus points! For the $36.00 worth of food we purchased, we found 1 complimentary scallion pancake and 2 small containers of coconut tapioca dessert soup. Even the free stuff was flavorful & no skimping on ingredients. Friend says she hopes The Liu's prosper & do well without losing their perspective on ingredients. Not that many good tasting Shanghai style restaurants in this side of Brooklyn. Other 2 friends said same & will head straight to Liu's next time for soup dumplings.
Formerly known as Chui Hong Yuan, now new brother and sister duo management but chef remains the same. Just stopped by the other night and the place is newly renovated. Frequented this restaurant for years and food was great per usual and received kind service. Had their meatballs soup and it was delicious. XLB is the same and we like the juice it contains in the small size, just the right amount of dough. Always enjoyed their rice cakes and scallion pancake. Will stop by more often this neighborhood restaurant.*updated review: don't appreciate that if an item is not available, we should be told to choose another dish. Arrived at location for takeout pickup and only AFTER paying, did we discover ourselves that the dish had been replaced with something entirely different. Not cool. It was our haste to leave and the new year that we just let it go.
Well this evening I I'm not feeling well and decided to get soup and when I'm sick I love egg drop soup so I decided to come here always read and hears about so me and my son said today is the day. The guy and girl that were at the front were so nice really cool I think he said his name was bailey (sorry bro if I got your name wrong) we felt very welcomed when the the greeted us! I ordered a large egg drop soup (hit the spot) and my son ordered General Tso chicken with beef fried rice and it was so good and fresh! I will be ordering here again and again and again
Best Shanghai in Brooklyn.   Service is great though can be slow when they're busy...which is often
thanks yelpers, this place is fantastic! my park slope/boerum hill friends and i were up for something out of our normal five block radius, and drove out to liu's in bath beach for lunch in hopes of finding something new (to us) and delicious. our friendly table neighbor gave us some advice on the menu, and steered us in a most tasty direction. we tried the fried wontons (in a peanut sauce, perfectly crisp without being dry), the crab and pork soup dumplings (excellent), the triple delight noodle dish (yum), string beans (again, perfectly cooked and to be honest i usually don't even like string beans because they are often so bland but these i could not get enough of), and another dish that had rice discs that just melt in your mouth. followed by a viewing of the martian at sheepshead bay, liu's was part of a top notch day :)
My family comes here when we crave for Shanghaiese food.  We love the fish head soup and the crab hot sour soup.  The soup dumplings and fried wontons are also awesome. The service is much better now with new ownership.
So glad I don't have to trek all the way to the city to satisfy a xlb craving. Pro-tip: get the Shanghai wontons. They're essentially fried wontons drizzled w this peanut butter/hot sauce concoction topped w some peanuty dust. It's crack. No, I legit think the peanuty dust they sprinkled on these is crackcocaine bc I'm addicted and think abt them all the time.
We went to this restaurant for lunch, due to the good ratings from fellow yelpers.  The place is clean and fairly empty at 2:30 on a Thursday.  There were two other tables dining at this time.  We ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings and and an order of Seafood noodles.  The soup dumplings lacked the inside soup and the skin was a bit on the thick side.  The "seafood noodles" are what I call a "catch the pig" dish.  Couple of tiny shrimp, bits of squid and sliced FISH BALLS!  I was hoping this restaurant would be a hidden gem, but it is just another take out place.  Not recommended.
new family owned business. very friendly and nice. i love the way they changed their decor. more comfortable than before. very fast and attentive. would come back.
Excellent Shanghai food especially the Xiao Long Bao. Courteous and respectful service. Definitely recommend it
I have gone to Liu's Shanghai a couple of times and I can honestly say that each time, the service provided was impeccable. It's always a full house the past couple of times I've been there but I was always persistent to wait because they provide such great customer service and to top it off, their soup dumplings are seriously amazing. There is one situation I feel is very important to address. To start off, the menu has a HUGE variety of options to choose from and being the indecisive person that I am, I couldn't decide what type of dishes/appetizers I would like to have for the night. The waitress who took my order was very thorough with describing the dishes. Not only that, but the waitress had asked me, "What type of dish are you looking for? Noodles, rice dish, etc..." At that moment, I was in awe. Usually even in 4 star restaurants, waiters/waitresses would just tell you their "special for the day" and then resume to asking you what you would like to have. They don't waste any time to ask what type of dish you might be leaning more towards for the night nor do they have the time of day to elicit a minimal conversation. Like I said, it was a full house! There was another table waiting to order but the waitress still made sure to give me the best service possible by taking the time to answer all my questions. Any customer would want a waitress/waiter's undivided attention when it's their turn and I feel that, that is very important in gaining new customers + returning customers. Another thing I noticed was that there was another waiter working and he consistently refilled my tea without me having to ask! Usually, waiters are never aware of the little things like filling up a cup of water and so forth but these little things add up to the great experience and It is safe to say that Liu's Shanghai provides all the little details to make your experience the best possible! Now, let's talk about the food! The food came pretty quick! My soup dumplings came first and right after I was done, my fried peanut butter wontons followed. Let me tell you. These are the best wontons you'll ever taste if you're into a sweet & salty combination! I order 2 of these dishes every time I visit and there are 10 wontons on each plate! They're just THAT delightful! My main entree was also great. One of the best entrees I've had there would definitely be the stir fried rice cake with shredded pork and mushrooms! It is a MUST TRY. To keep this "kind of" short and nice, I felt that the waiter & the waitress definitely prioritized well! They keep their customers happy and always make sure all the food are served in a timely manner! I haven't had one bad experience yet and I can't wait to stop by soon!
Cute mom and pop shop in bensonhurst. The only shanghai food in bensonhurst.  The soup dumplings were the best part.
I've only experienced the shanghai restaurants around Manhattan chinatown and it was never anything too special but after trying out this spot, I don't know if I could ever eat at other shanghai restaurants again!I came here with a couple of coworkers and we decided to order a couple of things on the menu and share. What we ordered: Soup dumplings, Shanghai wontons in hot sauce, scallion pancake, fried chicken wings, and chicken lo mein. If there's anything you MUST try when you come here, it'll definitely be the shanghai wontons in hot sauce and the fried chicken wings (yes, fried chicken wings!!!). The wontons were a perfect combination of sweet and savory that might seem overwhelming to look at but definitely not overwhelming in taste. We liked it so much that we ordered it again after devouring the first plate! Also, it might sound silly to order fried chicken wings here but if you love fried chicken, you should definitely give it a try!As for the service, I have no complaints. The servers were attentive without making us feel rushed or smothered in any way and I appreciate that a lot. The food also came in a timely matter which was great because I was starving that day.Overall, I gave 5 stars because I had a really great experience here. The food was good, the service was great, and this restaurant really has a nice atmosphere. My only complaint is the commute since I live in manhattan but honestly, I would endure the long train ride just to have those wontons again!
the new owners that took over the old business are doing it right!!!  come here at once and get your grub on!!!
Been going here a while now that me and my buddies were looking for a regular spot for soup dumplings without traveling to flushing! Super affordable and we usually eat like kings for under $40 bucks. It's nice it's a family owned business and I always appreciate the synergy that is very apparent here. I believe Billy is the gentlemen who is behind the counter who seats our party whom I find very personable. Love that guy. His sister who is very cute (never caught her name) is usually our waitress and sometimes makes suggestions on the things we order and we haven't had any bad dishes yet! Can't wait to go back.
Great food! Love the dumplings! The service was awesome! The employees were really nice!
I decided have lunch here with a friend after having been here a year or so ago; the difference is recently the owner chef's daughter (Elisa a dear friend of mine) runs the restaurant front with her brother, and they have a newly renovated interior. Although I know the chef has stayed the same through my acquaintance with Elisa, I still had a better dining experience than the previous time I ate here. The tables and utensils were much neater and the restaurant just had the perfect vibe that prepared you for the food that was to come.We ordered the famous xiao long baos, steamed pot sticker soup dumplings. They were juicy and hit the spot, it's what I want every time I have Shanghainese food. In addition, by Elisa's recommendation, we had fried wontons with a peanut butter sauce, and fish head casserole. The fried wontons were soo good, oozing with flavourful sauce that didn't take away from the delicious crispiness of the wonton. The casserole was still bubbling when it arrived at our table--the broth looked so good I wanted to bathe in it. Okay maybe not lol but it was an opaque milky color, almost like it was milk actually. Then you taste a spoonful of this, and it does not dissapoint. It is a rich heart warming soup with translucent sheet like noodle. You can tell that all the flavours of the ingredients have taken time to immerse and the noodles have a glassy look that really appeals to the dish.We were famished upon arriving at the restaurant but by the time we were done eating (with soup from the casserole to take home) our bellies were super fulfilled. I'm so glad to have access to Shanghainese cuisine in Bensonhurst, and surely a fine one. With the variety on their menu, I could literally eat here every day. Definitely come here to exceedingly satisfy your xiao long bao craving!
Out of all the Shanghainese places that I've been to, this is definitely one of the nicest - it's clean, spacious (I don't feel like I'm crowding anyone's space), the food is great, the prices are cheap AND they take card! I used to always head to Flushing to fulfill my soup dumpling craving (Joe Shanghai or Nan Xiang Xiao), so I'm glad there's something closer to me. It doesn't look amazing from the outside, but these types of places never do. My boyfriend and I shared the pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and pan fried noodles. I liked the broth inside, and they were super cheap - $5 for 8 of them! I appreciated that the dumplings were pretty sturdy, and I didn't have to worry about accidentally ripping one open. As for the pan fried noodles - they were good, but I could've done with less sauce. Bonus points for fast service and having Impractical Jokers on while we enjoyed our meal!
Didn't want to cook tonight so we looked on Yelp for a good Chinese restaurant.  Liu's Shanghai had a good solid rating...so we checked it out.   We were really surprised that the food was so good!!!
I usually don't have regrets, but when I do, it's cause I didn't get a big casserole of Fish Head Soup. Every table had one, but ours.This family run business is kinda small, and located on a quiet corner off of the busier streets of Bensonhurst. Food comes quickly and service is efficient. My husband has a thing for Drunken Chicken, and after a long weekend trip, cravings struck. I've heard about this place from friends, so we decided to stop by instead of making another pit stop in the city on top of our 5 hour drive. The drunken chicken was great, not saying that because our cravings were satisfied, but it can be compared to my to go spot in Chinatown. Sadly, the Braised Pork Belly was done for the night, so we went for a Braised Spare Ribs instead. Fall off the bone tender. The sauce was a bit salty, a simple bowl of white rice did the trick.Who goes to a Shanghai restaurant and does not order Soup Dumplings? Definitely not me. Their dumplings were juicy and pipin' hot. I did find some of them to have skin on the thicker side, which didn't bother me at all since my 2 year old only eats the skin, so I just threw it on her plate after emptying out the soup and the delicious crabby filling. Don't skip on free dessert, get the Black Glutinous Rice.I wasn't surprised at all waiting 20 minutes for a table on a Monday night. And you'll know why once you get their soup dumplings. It's hard to find soup dumplings since Lui's is like the one of the very few Shanghai restaurants in Brooklyn, if I consider any of them good anyway.
I'm secretly so proud to have this restaurant right by my house. We ordered the scallop and crab/pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake, fried wontons with peanut sauce, and chicken rice cake. The portions were definitely big for two people - so much so we didn't finish most of it. But everything was absolutely delicious! The scallop soup dumplings was a first for me as I've never had the filling elsewhere. Crab and pork, though I've had separately, was also my first time having it together - also definitely recommend. The scallion pancake was good - but would save my stomach for something else if not eating/sharing with a lot of people! Rice cake was also very good - staple shanghainese dish! My favorite plate of the night was definitely the fried wontons! The wontons with the aromatic peanut sauce and a hint of spicy was just amazing. Must try if you're here!
Really friendly workers and wonderful food!! I definitely recommend all of their soup dumplings (very juicy and flavorful). The pricing is affordable and cheap. My number one to go to Shanghai soup dumplings restaurant!
Woot Woot! Best shanghai place in the neighborhood. Actually, I don't think there is any other authentic shanghai restaurant around the area. I came here a couple of times with my family and my boyfriend's family. They all love it here. I don't see why anyone would not like it. The service is great; everyone is super polite and nice.The restaurant might not look delicious from the outside, but please go inside and try it. It is on the corner of the street and quite small. They only have one big table that can fit around 10ish people. All the other tables are a lot smaller, fitting around 2-5ish people. I would recommend calling in beforehand and if there is a open sitting or how long the wait would be. Every time I am in the area, I have never seen this place empty. There area always people waiting for seating and that is a good sign!Food... we ordered so much food, I could not keep count. I wasn't able to take a picture of all food either because everyone devoured for the delicious food.. Haha. Must TRY are of course the soup dumplings, fried wonton with peanut butter sauce (not every place have their wontons fried!), the big fish head casserole, the braised spare ribs and scallion pancake! They're all great, I cannot really pick and choose. If you do want to order the fish head casserole, order it right when you sit down because it takes awhile and it's HUGE. It can feed a family of 10. AND there's free desserts at the end. Who doesn't like free things?! :D
I like the xiao long bao from this place what I don't like the most is that the wine chicken that I bought is not well cooked the meat underneath is still red it so obverse that this not well cooked
Liu's Shanghai is probably only the very few Shanghainese cuisine soup dumpling spot in Brooklyn as of today. Their major advantage is that there is almost no competition in its immediate area. I was born and raise in Brooklyn but I must admit and say that Brooklyn is slacking and struggling to keep up with the food trends and food quality compared to Chinatown, Manhattan and Flushing, Queens, especially in Asian cuisines. Soup dumpling restaurants have been stand alone restaurants since forever in other two boroughs. It is really about time that Brooklyn attempts to play catch up. I do appreciate the effort here. I have been to many soup dumpling cuisine restaurants and I do have a standard of a soup dumpling that unfortunately, was not met at Liu's Shanghai. Long story short, there was barely any soup in the dumpling; we clearly have a problem here. A really good soup dumpling comes out pipping hot. After one small bite, I usually like to tilt the dumpling to pour all the soup onto my spoon. Here, there was barely any soup at all. Huge disappointment. Five Flavor Beef was also a disappointment. It really lacked flavor. Shanghai Stir-fry Rice Cake. This dish was one of the better ones. Not bad. The best thing to get at Liu's Shanghai is perhaps, the Fish Head Casserole. It is a fish stew with mushrooms, bamboo, ginger, and clear noodles. I personally liked it. My dad did think it was a tad too fishy, since he makes this dish quite often at home.Fine, if Liu's Shanghai's soup dumpling is subpar, then where should I go? I would recommend Nan Xiang Soup Dumpling or Shanghai You Garden in Flushing. Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. However, if you must stay in Brooklyn, Shanghai Traditional Dumpling on 8th Avenue is your answer.Yes, I will give this place another try but probably not for another year or two and a lot of convincing.
Over a month passed after the disastrous experience on my last visit. Not knowing what to eat, my mother and I decided to give Liu's Shanghai another chance. We got the fried bun (which comes with condense milk),  fried dumplings, soup pork dumplings, rice cake with preserved vegetables/pork, and hot&sour soup. This time around, the food was SO MUCH BETTER. The soup dumplings was solid. It tasted fresh and had actual soup this time around. The hot&sour soup had a bunch of ingredients (though I wished it was more spicy and sour). The fried bun with condense milk was crispy (even after being on the table for 15 minutes). The rice cake was the same as I remember. I don't know if it was the chef last time or what but I enjoyed this place a lot more this time around, as the foods were all delicious.
Technically this place is three an a half star but it wasn't quite a four yet so i rounded down. this place has a lot of potential there were some decent dishes and this is your local neighborhood shanghai spot. The soup dumplings had a lot of soup but the skin was a little too think for my liking, however if i didn't feel like trekking all the way to queens for my local spot this would be the spot i go to in brooklyn. The restaurant before this place which was also a shang hai spot was terrible, i am glad this place is so much better.. crabmeat sauce with silken tofu($15)- this was probably my favorite dish out of everything i ordered it was quite expensive but it was well worth the money, the flavor was excellent, the tofu was silky and everything was good except i got a few peices of crab shell.. (the softer part of the shell) in my sauce and i had to spit it out on a tissue if they were a little more careful this dish is a potential 5 star on its own. crab meat soup dumplings- the soup was good, the skin didnt fall apart and the vinegar sauce was just the way i liked it... the only thing that would make this better is if the skin was a little thinner.. the soup dumplings was better than a few spots i been to but hasnt beat my favorite place in queens yet.the fried wonton- i only got this dish because a good amount of yelpers raved about this. however im not a fan of sweet stuff so i didnt enjoy this dish as much as i had hoped. my friend however liked this dish alot. its a sweet and savory dish with peanut butter sauce and friend wonton hot and sour soup- this soup has potential and for $6 for a decent sharing size soup one cant really complain right? i love how loaded this soup is with good ingredients too, however i didn't find it hot nor sour enough so i felt like it was just a good msg soup with loaded toppings.i would come back to this spot if i didnt feel like going to queens, if you are in the area i highly recommend the silken tofu with crab meat sauce.. get a bowl of rice to share and you're all set!
Finally! My girlfriend and I found a GOOD Soup Dumpling spot in Brooklyn!Seriously, this place was not what we expected to walk into.  Hate to say it, but most (all) of the Shanghainese spots I've been to in Chinatown/Flushing are sub-par when it comes to cleanliness (and that's being nice).Ever since I was a child, I've been exposed to restaurants that aren't the cleanest, so I'm no snob in that regard.  But it's always nice walking into a rather clean environment.  Gotta give em points for that!  They've also got a flat screen TV in there, and "Impractical Jokers" was playing at the time.  I finally concluded that this restaurant has definitely got a more modern feel than the others of this kind.FOOD!Pork Soup Dumplings They do em well, here.  Dough wasn't too thick and held together really well.  The meat was delicious along with the soup it produced.  I definitely could've done another round of these!Three Delight (Chicken, Shrimp & Pork) Pan Fried NoodlesThese were also very yummy, but I think I'm going to opt for the regular noodles on my next visit.  They definitely looked tastier from the pictures; definitely missed out on the the first time!Like I said, these were tasty, but a little too soupy for me.Service was awesome!  Our waitress greeted and seated us immediately and was very friendly.  The man who also helped us was also very kind.  They were both efficient and there was no language barrier so things ran rather smoothly.Can't wait to come back!
Cheap and delicious soup dumplings! We had a party of 2, and walked in a little after 8pm on a weekday. Place was pretty busy, but we were immediately seated in one of the last available tables. I wasn't too hungry so we ordered several appetizers to share. We ordered the pork dumplings, crab meat pork dumplings, and fried wonton with peanut/soy sauce. Pork dumplings were delicious. Soup had a nice flavor and a good amount of meat in each dumpling.Crab meat dumplings were also good, but I preferred the regular pork dumplings more. This soup had a slight seafood taste to it which I usually don't really like whenever I eat my soup dumplings anywhere.The fried wontons were interesting and delicious. The peanut sauce gave it a nice flavor.After finishing these 3 dishes, I was satisfied but my BF is a big eater, so he ordered a dish of xia men noodles. I thought it was just ok. Ive never really liked this type of noodle in general though. It does taste better with hot sauce tho.At the end of the meal, they gave us complimentary dessert of tapioca. It was good!Service is also nice!
We literally circled the area (even up and down 86th) for an hour and couldn't find a spot to park. A family member ended up ordering take out for the three of us, which was fine; we even received two free desserts (yay!). Update: I was finally able to check-in on Yelp albeit on their closed day (LOL)! BK Yelpers recommended the Fried Wonton with Peanut and Hot Sauce, so we ordered it. There are ten wontons covered in peanut sauce, peanuts, and (supposedly) hot sauce. The sauce was flavorful, while the edges of the wontons were crispy. The XLB/Pork Soup Dumplings were solid; it was more of a juicy dumpling than soup filled, but I still found it flavorful. Perhaps if I ate in the restaurant and these were served hot, then I would have enjoyed this a lot more.I enjoyed their Shanghai Style Pork and Preserved Vegetables noodle soup; I forgot to take a picture, sorry. The ratio of noodles to pork to vegetables was spot on, while the noodles were cooked just right. Someone mentioned this already, but I agree that the broth is not too oily. The Beef Thick Noodles were flavorful; there was plenty of beef, while the noodles were nice and plump. We also ordered two lunch specials: Twice Cooked Pork and Eight Treasure. The Twice Cooked Pork came with plenty of vegetables, which I really enjoyed, but there was plenty of flavorful and tender pork as well. The Spicy Eight Treasure meal was unique and pretty good--there's young corn, edamame, dried tofu, and strips of chicken stir fried together.However, the main reason why we wanted to eat here was for the Dong Po Pork. The slices we received were perfect--not too fatty, but not full of meat either. It was very tender, while the rich and savory brown sauce accompanying it blended well. It came with bamboo shoots and bok choy on the side. However, I was bummed that we only received four small bao that can only fit 1/4 of a slice; we ended up eating most of the pork belly with rice. Long story short, would I come back? I'll *try*. The staff are said to be very friendly, the prices are great, and we enjoyed the food. However, for now, the lack of parking precludes me from dining inside their restaurant.
I like this place, it's secret of value and quality is out and there is always a line out the door. Other then usual wait that may deter me coming here. I come here for the food and service which has a family style theme and feel. It's always good to look around and order the same dishes others ordering if you not familiar with shanghi food. I have not explore all the menu items but the most popular items I have tried and it lives up to the hype. A great addition to the neighborhood, well run and good food all around.
Updated: Finally had the chance to eat-in at the restaurant, what a difference it makes for the sake of good food!  It was a busy Saturday afternoon - there was a good 20-25 min wait.  We had the crab meat soup dumpling & regular (sil loon bao); the shanghai wontons, pork & preserved veggie rice cake, & pork chop noodle soup.  Kids loved everything, especially the soup dumplings and the wontons.  We enjoyed our meal!  Service was great, no rush.  I did wonder how come they don't give out the "tong shui" during lunch... That would have totally made my kids day cuz they love the sweets! Overall, recommend dining in for better results. Happy feasting! -----------------------------------We just ordered dinner from here and let's just say Liu's Shanghai will be added to our Sunday Take-out rotation!  We've lived this neighborhood for 20+ years and am glad to have a Shanghainese restaurant added to this thriving 'hood (yes, we were those screaming at the top of our lungs when they finally opened a Starbucks! LOL).  Now if they add a Chiptole... It would be heaven! Food:-Pan fried pork dumplings - it was ok, had better elsewhere and oddly, it didn't come with a dipping sauce... -Fried chicken wings - these were really good! Even as take-out, it was still crispy! Seasoned just right! -Shanghai wonton in peanut & hot sauce - OMGeee, these were freaking ah-mazing! The skin is soft and crispy at the same time, with crunchy crushed peanut.-little bit of everything stir fried rice cake - meh... not the best we've had, possibly because it was take-out, the rice cake became a bit soggy... Still, it lacked flavor.-Preserved cabbage with sliced pork, bean curd and edamame... - I may have ordered the wrong item, so no expectation, it was bland... We added salt to it.Freebies: Tapioca dessert! No complaints, it was complimentary! Yay!  I do love "tong shui" so I'm a fan! Total bill: $38 & change... Not bad for the amount of food.  Pretty much standard to this area. Verdict: yes, would order again and will attempt to eat in next time! Happy feasting!
I'm must be picky and crazy because I thought the old place taste better, with the exception of XLB. Ordered the regular and the crab XLB, Red Oil Wontons, Zha Jiang Mian, and 2 other local dishes and I really thought overall, it tastes better before. The wontons were very bland and so was the shredded pork dish we got. The worst one was the Zha Jiang Mian. I'm surprised people say the service here is good but I guess compared to the old owners, it is a little better. At least the workers now seem happier (except the tank top young looking girl) but I wouldn't say they're super friendly either. Food took forever to come out.Edit:Never mentioned the service was bad, just expected more from the reviews. Also mentioning what you wore that day was just a description of you. As a customer, we don't know whether you have a RBF or if you're just in a bad mood so I mentioned it since no customers would enjoy service like that. Hope that one sentence isn't the only reason to your reply since even the 1 star reviews get no response from you.Edit: I did say that the service was better than previous owners but not as amazing as others made it to be. Which means that the service wasn't bad but it could of been better.
I wanted to believe that good soup dumplings can be found in Brooklyn... The soup dumplings here were pretty disappointing, but their saving grace has to be the fried wontons in peanut and hot sauce; I honestly don't know if it's because they're fried or the fact that the sauce is mixed just right, but get it if you get nothing else from here. The skin for the dumplings was kind of thick and a little soggy and there wasn't much soup in them... I tried some of their other dishes too, but nothing amazing. The food comes out quickly and the staff is friendly. They're located in a quieter part just off of the busier 86th street. It's a corner location so it's not a large space. If you're looking for good Shanghainese food in Brooklyn, you must keep looking. I find the soup dumplings here pretty unsatisfying; so the next time I have a craving for soup dumplings, it should be a time when I'm willing to travel for them. Come here for the fried wontons!
This place is family-owned and a great place for both couples and families. The service is superb and the employees are very welcoming.We were a party of 8 and they pushed two tables together for us. We ordered all three types of soup dumplings: pork, scallop, and crabmeat and pork. For entrees, we ordered the little bit of everything casserole, Shanghai wine chicken, twice cooked pork, sizzling beef with black pepper sauce, and Shanghai style thick noodles. My favorite soup dumplings was the crabmeat and pork. The combination of seafood and meat made for a more flavorful filling. As promised by the name, upon biting into it, soup will ooze out. The scallop ones had a weird texture because of the natural stringiness of the dried scallops. Nonetheless, they were all tasty. The little bit of everything casserole literally had a little bit of everything. The broth was infused with good flavor and my favorite part would have to be the napa cabbage. It was cooked in a way that maintained its natural sweetness. The Shanghai wine chicken was purposely served cold and was a bit bland.The twice cooked pork was sautéed with carrots, cabbage, bell peppers, and mushrooms and it was coated with a wonderful sweet and spicy sauce. The sizzling beef with black pepper sauce had good flavoring, but there was an overwhelming amount of red onions in it. We wouldn't have minded if there were more of the other veggies, which included carrots, snow peas, mushrooms, and baby corn. It's never a good sign when the veggies are more abundant than the meat. Last, but not least, the Shanghai style thick noodles were made with preserved vegetables and pork. The seasoning was perfect and the preserved vegetables added just the right amount of salt to the dish. We were even offered free dessert, which was a sweet drink served in a soup bowl.Overall, we will be back to try the other menu options!
Came here for lunch with my friend since it's close by. We got here a little early so there was no one inside when we arrived but people started coming in as we began eating. It's a pretty small restaurant and the plates/utensils aren't the cleanest but the service was very nice and attentive. We got:Fried wontons in peanut and hot sauce- This is the most popular item on the menu and I can see why. The wontons had a very nice and crispy texture on the outside. I don't think they're actually fried though, maybe pan fried, because you can still taste the soft wonton skin on the inside. Peanut sauce was tasty with a bit of sugar added on top but it does get kind of filling after 3-4 pieces. They say there's also hot sauce but it wasn't spicy at all. I think I would've liked it even more if it was a tad spicier.Pork soup dumplings- Very cheap but not the best tasting. It's $4.95 for 8 pieces but I think I would rather pay more for better tasting soup dumplings. The skins were just way too thick. Pork wasn't the best but still miles better than Joe's Shanghai. The soup inside the dumplings was alright.Thick noodles with chicken- A little greasy but overall, not bad. They do give a generous amount and I really liked the vegetables and chicken. I poured some of the excess soup dumpling vinegar over the noodles and it added a nice sourness to the noodles.I would say the food here is, at most, slightly above average but the prices seriously cannot be beat. It's the only restaurant of its kind in Bensonhurst so I would probably consider it my go-to for Shanghainese food close by.
My to go Shanghai spot in Brooklyn!  Hands down the BEST and most AFFORDABLE Shanghai food!  I am lucky I live only a couple of blocks away but this place is easy to get to as well - D Train to 18th Ave or there's a bus that goes here too!This spot is a bit small but it feel super home-y!  You might need to wait a bit if you come during peak hours (lunch and dinner) but I promise it won't be more than 20 mins!  The staff here is super attentive.  I usually order Fried Wontons in Peanut and Hot Sauce,  Scallion Pancake and Pork Soup Dumplings.  The food came about 10 mins after I ordered - how quick was that?! Fried Wontons in Peanut and Hot Sauce - my personal favorite from this place!  They make it super different from other spots because they actually fry their wontons so it's super crunchy when you bite into it!  Their peanut sauce is AMAZING!  Such a perfect combo that it literally melts in my mouth!  This dish was only $5.95 for TEN pieces!Scallion Pancake - I love the texture of the scallion pancakes here!  It's super toasty and it's paired with a sweet type of vinegar sauce!Pork Soup Dumpling - this was super inexpensive compared to other places I've been to... $4.95 for EIGHT pieces - definitely a steal for me.  Even though these soup dumplings didn't stand out to me in regards to taste - I would still recommend!Overall, I would recommend this spot to anyone who is around the area - you won't be disappointed!
Heard it's the best Chinese restaurant in bk, gotta give it a chance;) The restaurant is small, seems like a family biz, ppl working there are friendly, we are all Chinese but I have to speak English with them Coz I don't understand their dialect lolWe ordered soup dumplings and park belly buns. We love the taste of the dumplings but they are not juicy enough to be soup dumplings. The pork belly buns are too fatty to eat. We cut off most of the fat, just keep a little bit fat which is better. I wish they could offer 6 buns instead of 4 since the dish comes with big portion. They offer free dessert!!! Lol I ordered two different ones, they r sooo good :P I should have eaten desert first! Hahahaha I would love to go back but no pork belly anymore.
#HMOG  INCREDIBLE #SoupDumplings! Worth the trip unless you're lucky enough to live in #Bensonhurst excellent menu and pricing.  A true gem!#ShanghaiCuisine #Chinese
Living in Brooklyn, I'm always driving out to Flushing or taking the train out to chinatown just to eat some good xiao long baos. Just found this spot after a friend told me about it and I was not disappointed. The crab meat xiao long baos were delicious and full of flavor. Perhaps the most delicious xiao long baos you can get in Brooklyn!
When I read a tip that said the chef from the now-closed Goody's in Chinatown had moved here(not verified), I was excited to try it.  I came in for a weekday lunch once and it was empty.  Understandable, since 86th street is ridden with restaurants closer to public transportation.We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings, Scallion Pancake, and upon the waitress' suggestion, the Dong Po Pork(Braised Pork Belly).  As a Shanghainese restaurant, their dumplings were pretty terrible.  The meat was dry & flavorless, and the soup that I looked forward to slurping was also bland.The scallion pancakes were abysmal- the scallions seemed to have gone home for the day.  The heavy batter was ladled too thick, causing the chef to overcompensate on cook time.  The excessive oil didn't help its case.  This was the hardest item to eat.The one item we were recommended, the pork belly, was above average.  After the first two items, I was expecting more of the same, but this item earned them the extra star.  The pork was nice and tender, and drizzled in the right amount of sauce.  There were a few mushrooms/vegetables that accompanied this dish along with steamed buns to wrap the meat in.  Because it is comprised of 50% percent fatty meat, I'd recommend at least 5 to share this dish; indulging in too much of this can feel sickeningly gluttonous.Overall, I would not return here for my Shanghainese food fix.
Pretty good shanghainese food without having to leave Brooklyn. The Xiao long baos are pretty juicy and thin skinned. We got the scallop ones. We got their fish head soup which was so filling for two people. Great flavor. Their pan fried noodles are crispy and stays crispy. A lot of places dont make this anymore I find so I was excited to see it on the menu. Their chicken wings were crispy but I thought it lacked any flavor-except oil flavor. The staff is friendly
Local, fresh and homemade. The food here is really great and best of all, it is a place close to me so I can come here to fulfill my need for xiaolongbao! Now to the food: Scallop Soup Dumplings - Surprisingly good, tasty with a great after flavor. However not my favorite of the meal and since it costs about twice the pork soup dumplings, I'd rather go for the pork instead. Pork Soup Dumplings - Star of the meal, I really enjoyed these! Great taste with good soup to meat ratio. Rather cheap as well (4.95 for 8) so you would do well to order two of these! Fried Wontons in Peanut & Hot Sauce - pretty good but far more sweet and not very hot than I would have thought. Tasty (I certainly enjoyed it) but overall I may decide against ordering this next time. Shanghai Style with preserved vegetable and pork - hmm I love this dish! Always a favorite for me at Shanghai restaurants. It wasn't overly salty and oily (which I did enjoy). My brother added some salt to this, but I was more than happy to finish it. Free tapioca dessert at the end! I really enjoyed coming to eat at this small no-frills restaurant with great food at great prices. Would definitely come back.
Rude, arrogant waitress who could go to personality school. Temperature had dipped unexpectedly one fall day. I brought in my 3 year old from the cold to wait for a table. Waitress huffed and puffed and said I couldn't stand "there", near the doorway. Instead of  being a gracious host and suggesting a space in the nook between the draft and main door like another customer had, she huffed and puffed again, practically shooing us out. No smiles, no alternate suggestions. Bothered us during the whole meal. Not child-friendly attitude where her retort is "Well, I'm not a mom!". Young, arrogant and immature. Bad representation of customer service in Bensonhurst.
One of the best AUTHENTIC Chinese restaurants in Brooklyn! Food is always delicious as well as take out. It's not expensive at all and you can eat a lot for very little. My fav are the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake for apps. The entrees are very good too. The smoked duck is so tender, chicken dishes are amazing too-so fresh, noodle dishes like beef lo mein was amazing so fresh and handmade noodle.
I love this place!Visiting New York after almost two years, this was the one restaurant I was super excited to go to.Throughout the years I've only come here for their xiao long bao. It's really good. I never ever go anywhere else for xiao long bao, and I live in California.It's so good. Probably the best.It's a small restaurant and you always have to wait at least 10 minutes.The noodle soups are good and overall this place is always packed which is obvious why.
This is a hidden gem in the heart of Bensonhurst. It is kind of out of the way from the train or bus (still need to walk a bit), but definitely worth making a visit to. Both times I came here, I ordered the soup dumplings and fried wontons. The pork soup dumplings and the crab soup dumplings are authentic and taste amazing. Add some ginger and vinegar to that and you have one of the best Chinese meals for the day. I preferred the dumplings over the wontons, but the latter are very good too. They're sweet and drenched in peanut butter sauce. I tried the scallion pancake on my second visit and was surprised at how good it was. Most of the scallion pancakes that I've had in the past including those made at home or at the regular Chinese restaurants are pretty good but usually too oily. The ones here are just right and not too salty or oily, definitely worth it. Service is friendly and fast as well. Would come back in the future to try other things, however, since I didn't get a chance to order any of the main dishes during my two visits.
A gem in this neighborhood that consists of fast food take outs, the police precinct and a funeral home. This place is quite authentic with some exceptional dishes. I can make so many recommendations from here. The soft tofu with real crab meat sauce is delicious but have too much of a sesame seed oil. The Little soup dumplings are cheaper than most shanghai places and it's just as delicious if not more so. The fried wontons are addicting. The string bean and short ribs is a must too. Love the desert soup too.
Great neighborhood spot for soup dumplings. Frankly I think this place is one of the best in the city. Food is great and so is the service. It's worth mentioning that the scallion pancakes is not oily at all, contrasted to the norm since its deep fried. Light and crispy, tastes great.The only con is that the restaurant is rather small and you can expect a wait if you come during any popular hours like noon for lunch or 6/7pm for dinner. But the wait is worth it.Been here many times already and will keep coming back.
We came here around 1pm this past saturday and was surprised it was so crowded even with the heat wave outside. The place is quite small with no waiting area so unfortunately we had to wait outside. After around 30 minutes, we were finally seated. We ordered the fried wontons in peanut & hot sauce, crab meat & pork soup dumplings, scallop soup dumplings, crab meat with tofu, and dong po pork. I was pretty disappointed with the soup dumplings because the skin was too thick. It tasted more like bread rather than dumpling skin. The crab meat with tofu was good. Nothing special. The dong po pork was very tender and flavorful, but it became too salty and saucy after a while. My favorite dish was the fried wontons. It was nice and crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The sauce was also a nice touch. Will be coming back to try the wine chicken and getting those fried wontons again!
Service was standard but food was only ok. This is the only shanghai restaurant in Brooklyn ny so they are very busy. If compared to other Shanghai restaurant in NYC there's no comparison. The one in NYC are so much better.
I've been a few times and had the same thing every time - baby bok choy and mushroom.  It is delicious and clean and healthy.  Comes out fast too if you care about that.The dish was identical both times in presentation, quality, how it was cooked.  So not having sampled the menu I think I can extrapolate that the same can be expected from everything there.  They know what they are doing.Service is friendly enough.  If pressed for something that could be better: you have to ask for water which drives me mental and rice is an extra dollar.Neither of those things would ever prevent me from repeat business though.  The food kills.  If you want real Chinese, not the greasy take out crap, this is a sure thing.
+++- Pork with bean curd and fried rice was very delicious++- Portions are huge, you can easily get three meals out of an entry+- Although it was good, I expected more out of the garlic pork-- Very packed during the 'on' hours of nights and weekendsTIP:- I went for a weekday lunch, completely empty
We arrived at 5ish pm New Year's Eve 2016 driving from the Bronx. I was so excited because of the number of good reviews on Yelp. Wow.Wow.Soup dumplings were so good even my picky 10 year old loved them. My 6 year old gobbled everything up and so did I.My husband and I agreed that this was as good as our fave place on Mott St.It was better, actually, because our waiter was so nice, so warm and accommodating. When we left the place was packed with Asian families a very good sign.I'm Asian, btw, and have dumpling tasting experience from Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles and NYC.We will be back. I'm dreaming of those dumplings, (next time we order two) salt and pepper squid, pan fried noodles and the Chinese sweet soup dessert that came complimentary.
So surprised by reviews.  OK...the scallion pancake was delicious.  Crispy out, soft in. After that, steamed dumplings were flavorless.  Salt and Pepper Pork chops lacked pepper and were more fat than pork.  And thick noodles with pork and shrimp needed some serious flavor and spice.  Doubtful I'd return.
Ok let me start with the fried chicken wings..whats worst than biting into raw bloody wings! I'm not talking about little blood vessels not cooked inside, the inside was literally pink and you taste the raw meat. Ugh and $4.95 for 5 pieces. Moving on to fried dumplings that was made with thin wonton skin, doesn't taste great but not the worst but $5.95 for 6 pieces I expected better. The quality they provided tasted like the 3 for $1 ones in Chinatown. Last, Shanghai lo mein...that shredded square looking beef tasted worst than wendys burger meat. And for $7.95, at least use some better quality. I been here 3 times and I am out. It just got worst and worst, so disappointed.
The place has a casual ambiance and is quite small for the number of customers that they receive. During dinner time their line can easily build outside the door. The place can seat about 30 customers and only rakes reservations for groups over 8 people.The restaurant seems to be family run and the service is fairly good. The food takes a while to prep but is definitely worth the wait. I highly recommend starting off with wine chicken and their Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings).This is a little gem that fan easily be missed unless being looked for. If you're in the mood for shanghai cuisine this is place should be first pick in brooklyn.
Came here for a late-ish dinner with my boyfriend and ordered a few dishes. We ordered the pork xlb and sautéed spinach, as well as hot and sour soup. The pork xlb had thick skin which we didn't really like because it was hard to get to the soup. My BF and I prefer xlb with thin skin so that was -1star, and the meat inside wasn't as tasty as I thought. The hot and sour soup was typical and was not as spicy/hot as I would of liked -1star. There was also not much soup and that's what xlb's are suppose to be known for! However the sautéed spinach was very good and the service was excellent. This mom and pop restaurant had the whole family helping out and that was very heart-warming to see.
Ordered takeout from here under the new management.  Chicken with salty fish fried rice - very oily (they don't listen to instruction - we asked for no scallions, you know what? scallions all over)  Never order from here again
Yay for a shanghai restaurant in Bensonhurst! Food here is very good and the service is top notch. This was my first time having scallop soup dumplings and they were delicious. ACTUAL piece of scallop inside and some dried scallops on top.  Obviously get the fried wontons as well, the peanut sauce with some chili oil makes it.
Best I've had in a long time braised ribs excellent and orange beef crispy not too sweet like a tangerine beef I had when I was a kid. Best scallion pancake ever of all time.  maybe best ever also their house shanghai wontons. On my top 10 list.
i'm mad that this place has been opened for 12 years already and i've JUST discovered it. don't underestimate this place. It looks like a casual, no frills chinese restaurant; but their shanghainese food is ON POINT. i came with my family (who's shanghainese) and were a bit skeptical at first but the menu had VERY authentic dishes; some of which my mom and grandpa have only eaten back in Shanghai. We skipped the conventional hot soup dumplings and pan friend dumplings (we'll try it next time) but had the Fried wontons with spicy peanut sauce. MY GOD. i can eat anything in that sauce. my dad actually kept the plate to spoon the sauce over rice. Great textures with sweet and salty flavors with just a little kick from the chili. Then we had the Pork w. Preserved Veg, Edamame, and Dried Bean Curd. Many places make this dish but it's usually too salty. This place makes it REALLY well. Fresh and bean curd had the perfect texture of not being too hard. We wanted the smoked duck, but it was sold out :( Next time! Instead, we had the Dong Bo Pork; which is essentially a large piece of fatty pork with bamboo shoots, buns and spinach. This is a more hands on dish where you cut and make your own pork buns. again, meat was cooked perfectly. super tender and VERY flavorful. I'll never have pork buns in the city again. they gave HUGE portions here. We also had the "little bit of everything" Casserole. This is a soup my grandpa makes at home pretty often but wanted to try their take on it. did not disappoint. broth is delicious and very "seen". closest american word for this i guess would be "umami". It had chicken, pork, tofu, shrimp, cabbage, mushrooms, fish cakes, and mei fun (rice noodles). we didn't realize how big all the portions would be and had also ordered garlic shanghai veggies; which we finished even on full stomachs. if you know me, you know i'd never pass up dessert. we ordered the sesame rice ball with peanut sugar. the rice ball is usually cooked in hot water and served in a bowl of rice wine soup; but we ordered the dry version with peanut sugar on top. UGH. SO GOOD. this place screams home to me. Will definitely be back to try the soup dumplings, scallion pancake, fish head soup, smoked duck, lionshead meatballs,  sauteed baby shrimp and everything else on the menu.. :3be prepared to wait on line!
I live nearby and this use to be my go to place for dinner w family. Great soup dumplings and some traditional shanghainese dish. It went under renovation not too long ago and I went back. The food is no longer the same. Although more modern and cleaner now. Honestly I wouldn't go back just because food is no longer the same. I know some people care more about the atmosphere and physical appearance but for me it's all about the food.
I'm a regular here.. this place is great. Do yourself a favor and order a plate of the fried wontons covered in a delicious peanut butter soy sauce. Family owned place with awesome service.
Ordered take out delivery yesterday. We had the following:Crab soup dumpling - 8 pieces , they were deliciousFried wonton with peanut sauce - this is the second time I had this. Didn't think fried wonton would be as yummy as these. The peanut sauce added the extra yummy flavorPork rice cake- it was ok. Had better rice cakeI would definitely come back here for more. They didn't send a menu with their delivery. I guess they forgot? I thought usually take out places will throw in their menu for future take outs .
At Brooklyn this neighborhood this restaurant you should try. Pretty good food, good service and great price.Good for small groups
This place....oh this place. I really want to give 5 stars, but that must be saved for really nice restaurants. They always mess up one thing when I order togo. Last time we ordered, the Kung Pao chicken was a total let down. The chicken was fatty to be specific. The best thing I would have there is the fried wontons with their house peanut sauce. Also the General's chicken hits home. Amazing. The service is quick too when you dine inside. Delivery never takes longer then 30 min.
Nice little family owned cozy restaurant around my neighborhood! Five stars for food Five stars for service !
Very lovely little family run spot. We were hung over and knew soup dumplings would help so did a quick search for a good dumpling spot near bk chinatown. So glad we gave this place a shot, it's off the beaten path but worth it. Eye popingly low prices, soup dumplings were amazing, service was tip top and friendly and after stuffing ourselves with three different dishes we still packed up half of what we were served to take home. Highly recommended.
Possibly the best Chinese restaurant in South Brooklyn. Great service. Their dumplings are amazingly delicious.
This is my go-to place to get my soup dumpling fix when I'm feeling local. I normally order the same few items:FIVE FLAVOR BEEF -- Cold aromatic sliced beef shank made with five different types of spices and soy sauce. This is a staple appetizer for Shanghainese restaurants. SCALLION PANCAKE -- I've eaten my fair share of scallion pancakes and these are on the bottom of my list. It lacked the flaky and crispy texture. Also, the dough was on the thicker side. Skip this. SOUP DUMPLINGS -- Steamed juicy pork buns filled with broth and meat. The waterfall of the broth makes it extra savory. I usually order both the original pork soup dumplings and the crab-meat soup dumplings. I find them a bit inconsistent...some days the crab-meat soup dumplings would have no trace of any crab flavor or crab-meat. FRIED WONTONS w/ HOT SAUCE -- Not even a tad spicy. These fried wontons are perfectly crispy, coated with sugar, and slathered on a chili drizzled, soy-peanut sauce. Well executed and an absolute must! SHANGHAI STYLE LOMEIN -- A mixture of pork, chicken, shrimp, and veggies that are tossed onto plump wheat noodles accompanied with a delicious sauce. Yum.SHREDDRED PORK & PRESERVED VEG. RICE CAKE -- It's not easy work to maintain the soft, chewy texture of rice cakes. This dish was flavorful, hearty, and satisfying. Loved this!The service has improved tremendously under new management. I love how they provide you with a dry-erase menu during your wait; it definitely helps cut down on wait times. Overall, this place serves good Shanghainese food. The soup dumpling broth isn't as rich as the ones in Manhattan or Flushing. However, the location convenience makes up for this.
Very tasty dumplings. The prices are very reasonable and gets crowded sometimes but worth the wait for either lunch or even dinner time. My favorite all the crap dumplings the service is good the staff are pretty friendly and the prices are great. I recommend this place
Lunar New Year 2016 celebration to welcome the Year of the Monkey with a friend takes my foodie Yelp travels to Brooklyn.  In culling through the positive reviews I was enticed to make the long journey on a polar vortex brutal winter cold day.  The Yelp reviews are accurate as Liu's Shanghai's signature soup dumplings and fried Wonton Dumplings are a absolute MUST and do not disappoint!!  I have a serious addiction for Pork Soup Dumplings 小 籠 包 (xiao lóng bāo).Pork Soup Dumplings 小 籠 包 (xiao lóng bāo)- very juicy and the skin was perfect texture not too thick but untraditionally steamed in a metal steamer rather than a traditional bamboo steamer.  The skin held intact when picking up the dumpling and placing onto our plate or mouths without breaking apart or the juices spilling out.Scallop soup dumplings 扇 貝 小 籠 包 (Shàn bèi xiao lóng bāo)- very juicy and deliciousFried Wonton Dumplings in peanut sauce- moist inside and very flavoredSmoked duck- crispy and flavorableOur bill totaled a very reasonable $35.80 + gratuity.  A small Shanghaiese cuisine restaurant that can be always busy with a high table turnover rate.  With parties larger than four be prepare to wait for a table.  Quality of food is solid without the tainted Americanized heavy influence of MSG.  Liu's Shanghai is close to authentic Shanghaiese cuisine and uphold substance in Bath Beach, Brooklyn.  Hospitality and table service is very welcoming and friendly as the staff are Cantonese speaking.  Our neighbor tables are mostly Cantonese speaking.  This small restaurant contains one traditional Chinese Buddhist shrine hanging near the ceiling with fresh food offerings and incense burning.  It is nicely decorated for Lunar New Year as the door contains a traditional Lunar New Year couplet scroll 春 聯 and Chinese New Year Lantern Ball made of red envelopes.  A business card and takeout menu are both available.
Small and simple menued restaurant with big and explosive flavorful eats. Fried wontons covered in sauce? Check. Crab soup dumplings? Check! Hold up...scallop soup dumplings?? Umm, HELL YEAH CHECK! Absolutely loved everything but especially the scallop xlb! My only issue is that they were a bit on the dry side; where's the soup?? This is said with a lovingly disappointed comparison with the crab and scallop xlbs. But hey, that one complaint didn't stop me from giving Liu's a fiver, nor will it hinder me from returning ;)
I've been here numerous times and have been disappointed, but this time around, under new management, I wouldn't need to think twice about coming back here again. I came here on a late Sunday afternoon where there was one other table eating. The owner's daughter was our waitress and she was attentive at all times, assisting with taking our orders and other requests we made (like changing the channel so we can watch an NBA game, thank you! :) )We ordered the Crab Meat Soup Dumplings, Pork and Preserved Cabbage Noodle Soup, and the Shanghai Fried Wontons. The Pork and Preserved Cabbage Noodle Soup is a simple noodle soup that comes with clear broth. Personally, I usually get this at any Shanghai restaurant. I really loved this simple noodle soup because it wasn't oily compared to other restaurants I have been to. The soup base was not salty, which is great. The reason why I gave 4/5 Stars is because of the Crab Meat Soup Dumplings, soup. I know it is difficult sometimes when you take out a soup dumpling one at a time and it pops---and all the soup pours out. This was what happened to me. The Crab Meat Soup Dumplings lack a little bit of soup, but the thin, chewy skin and filling made up for the soup as a whole. I love that the sauce (vinegar & soy sauce, I believe) comes in a bottle where you can pour it out yourself and its not given out to you on a small plate. This is a plus!Now to save the best for the last, the Shanghai Fried Wontons---I've only ordered them from this Shanghai restaurant (even before its reopening), and I don't think I will want to order them elsewhere! SO DARN GOOD! Flaky and crunchy skin with a meat filling paired with a peanut sauce & soy sauce dip. MUST ORDER APPETIZER! Overall, I'm really impressed that under a new management, the siblings have taken over the restaurant. The restaurant looks more clean and has a welcoming vibe, unlike before the reopening. The service is much better than before. I love the idea of pouring out the xiao long bao sauce yourself from the bottle. I'd definitely come and visit again. Especially since this is the only Shanghai cuisine by me!
This place is really awesome. The staff is accommodating and friendly. Food is really good. Lots of good choices. The smoked duck is amazing. I have trry more things
I'm not going to write a repeat of the other raving reviews by fellow Yelpmasters...except to say they are all true.  I came in for an early lunch.  To start, I was the only person there, in 15 mintues, the place was full, and the phone was ringing repeatedly with lunch orders.The service was GREAT, friendly and helpful.   Bob Barker also said the price is right....The XLB, do itI had the MaPO tofu... excellent.  Crunch to the rice and silky tofu.  I took what I didn't finish home and added a few things to it, and I am still craving it again.
Great and affordable Shanghainese restaurant in Brooklyn!After reopening, I can see that the food is just as tasty as it was under past management. With new management, the service and decor have changed for the better. Renovations were made to this restaurant, which not only made dining in more pleasant, but comforting knowing that everything was clean as well. Great service from the waiter and waitress who works here! It's a huge difference from the awkward/grouchy father-son duo who worked here under past management.++ My mom and I ate here for dinner tonight, and she mentioned that one of our dishes might have been forgotten. The waiter overheard us, and immediately went in to check without having us to confront him. As for the food, I highly recommend ordering the soup dumplings since they are one of the must gets at ANY Shanghainese restaurant, and the fried wontons in hot sauce. These wontons differentiate this restaurant from any other since they can not be found elsewhere. They are crunchy, savory, and mildly spicy - a winner for those who love or dont love spice! I also had the fried montou, which were perfectly crisped to a golden brown and a hearty entree of rice cakes with a little bit of everything. All these dishes were delicious and filling. The tab ended up only $17 for a dinner for 2!++ The past few times I came here, none of my soup dumplings popped because they were over cooked. WIN.
Probably won't think much about it looking from the outside, but this is a very nice restaurant once you walk inside. The staff is very friendly and the food comes out right away. One of the best things I like is that the kitchen is right next to the dining area, so when the food is brought to the table, it's coming right off the stove... Would definitely come back
Excellent home cooking here! The restaurant is family friendly and always attentive to details. The soup dumplings are excellent. My favorite is the chicken & salted fish fried rice. They have a couple soups that are also very heart. Also, it's nice the dinner meal comes with the traditional Chinese dessert. This restaurant is definitely worth the wait!
Love!!!!! Love this place so much! I just can't express how great this restaurant is!! If Yelp allows me to add another 5 stars, I would! I have been going to this place for the past few months and they have been very consistent with the taste and the service....Love my girl Elisa and her brother Bailey. Cool place with awesome service and delicious food! Obsessed with their soup dumplings and the fried wontons with their house savory peanut sauce, the crunchiness of the fried wontons is just right for your taste bud wth the combination of sweet and salty soy sauce....yum! You just have to try them to understand the explosion of these amazing tastes of the kitchen!
A little disappointed based on the amazing reviews.  Peanut wontons are a bit weird.. too sweet for me... but the soup dumplings were good.  I had a noodle dish and it was not good, scalian pancakes were bad I dont know what these people are talking about... maybe its just me.
Tried the Xiao Long Bao and Preserved cabbage with shredded pork with flat noodles soup.  They're delicious.  Can't argue that the restaurant is placed at an unusual neighborhood where I would never expect Shanghai food.  Will definitely came back to try their other dishes.
I came here many years back and wasn't impressed. However, I am a big fan now. The wait is a little long on a Saturday afternoon but it was definitely worth the wait. The service was impeccable and the food was good as well. I am definitely making this a usual spot for food.
Probably my favorite Xao Long Bao place. Staff is super friendly. There is not language barrier if you only know how to speak English. The place is run by a family. The food is always great and fresh.
The food is excellent, but the delivery service was always poor, now it's non-existent. So many times they told us they couldn't deliver that day because they were busy or someone didn't show up. Tonight they told they don;t deliver any more because 'the delivery guy quit on me 2 days ago'. This place is not worth the hassle, despite the good food when you actually go there,
I have been here since I was a little kid and I'm now in college. This has been my family's go to spot for soup dumplings. Their soup dumplings are full with soup and meat wrapped with a thin layer of dumpling wrapper. The perfect combination. I usually get a tier of regular soup dumplings and two tiers of crab meat soup dumplings. Besides the soup dumplings, I always get the Shanghai stir fried noodles, not sure if that's what it's called in the menu, but it's so delicious! I also always get their fried wonton with peanut and hot sauce and scallion pancakes as appetizers. They have limited seating and are always packed on the weekends. But this place is a must try, so the wait is worth it if it's packed.
An awesome place to get soup dumplings. It is all I order with either friends or family. The employees are nice and make sure everything is okay with the meal! It's worth making a trip down whenever you're in Brooklyn!
My boyfriend and I chose to order takeout just before they closed. We were running late but they waited for us to pick it up, even though we got there a few minutes after they closed!! We appreciated it so much because we were craving their delicious peanut butter wontons pretty badly. My boyfriend came back with the food and there was an extra container inside the bag (which we didn't order.) It was a container of free coconut sago! We tried it once we got home and it was super sweet and delicious. Both their customer service and food were on point. Definitely recommend :)
I love this place. I was really hesitant to do a review here because it's a small place and I don't wanting getting packed and have to fight people to eat here again. But this place is too good not to say something. So far I've been here twice and I am sticking to the pork soup dumplings and there fried wontons in peanut sauce my starters each time now. I've had their jalapeños chicken with fried rice (awesome) and today I'm getting their spice beef with thick noodles. I would eat here all the time if I could Amazing place. Service is so friendly and eventually the people here will know to place an extra peanut sauce on the side before I even ask (that's how much I plan to eat here)
I come here especially for their peanut butter sauce fried dumplings. No other place makes it like they do. That and the shanghai style rice cakes are my favorite. Unfortunately, besides these two must tries, the other dishes are unimpressive. But I will still come for the peanut butter fried dumplings.Edit: I've started coming here more frequently after the business has gone through renovations and changed management. My favorite dishes are still there, and as per the recommendation of Elisa, I have found other dishes that I enjoy and would recommend.
My favorite shanghai spot in brooklyn. Their kal fu is to die for. The staff is very friendly and attentive.
Ever since the new owner took over about  a year or so ago they have gotten so much better. The old owner were not very attentive, the new owners are great they actually pays attention to you and take your order. The food taste just as great as before and now a days the place looks cleaner and feel more comfortable. They also take credit cards now.
best shanghai place in brooklyn when i dont want to trek all the way out to chinatown. cheap and close home! always get the snow cabbage/preserved veg with meat noodle soup and regular XLB. after change in management, service got much better. will def continue to come back!
This place is amazing. You have to come here and try their food. The food is very delicious and the staff are very friendly. The price is very reasonable. My favorite dish is fish head soup. It was very flavorful and a good size to share with the whole family.   I will definitely come back when I'm in the area.
I love Liu's! As a frequent customer, I have to say that this place never disappoints. For starters, each time we come, my friends and I always have to wait about 20 minutes for a table but, considering that's a good sign and we love their food, we always do. The waiters are also all very friendly. This really helps make each experience enjoyable. Additionally, they're really prompt with their food. We never have to wait too long for an order and it's always delicious. Their pork soup dumplings are fantastic and, ever since I tried them, I found that no other place measures up to their xiaolongbao. Yes, the place is rather small, and there's a television frequently playing random channels with no sound, but as Tiffany L. noted, it has the look of a "casual, no frills Chinese restaurant." But it really doesn't matter when their food is that great and so reasonably priced!
Place looks nice, but kind of small. There's a TV, but terrible placement in my opinion. We sat right underneath it and I could see a spot across the room that would've been so much better for everyone.I ordered the Shanghai Style Lo Mein. It was about $7 and the serving was for about 2 people, so it was definitely worth it. It tasted pretty good. My boyfriend ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken, which he said was also good. If you want rice, it's an extra $1 though. But they did serve free dessert.You have a choice between Black Glutinous Rice and Tapioca, both served cold. I wasn't sure which to get, and the waiter offered to serve one of each. I think the rice would have been better served warm, so the Tapioca tasted better out of the two. My boyfriend enjoyed it as well.Service here is pleasant. Our waiter was very friendly and nice. He said he would have the food made however we liked, which was nice to hear. Good food for good value, nice place, great service, I'm likely to come back.
Fucking amazing food here and mad chill people work here make ya feel invited etc yo everything I ordered here was banging I don't even order anywhere else anymore , don't waste time n $ ordering any where else this is the best! Thanks guys
Shanghainese restaurants are typically known for just their "xiaolongbaos" aka soup dumplings and while this place has very fresh, grade A soup dumplings (order the scallop pork ones - it's off the menu), their other dishes are just as delicious for family style meals. I typically get the silky tofu dish with crab meat sauce if you want something light/healthy, or if you're craving a unique appetizer, their fried wontons never disappoint. If you typically love dishes like pork buns or peking duck buns, you'll fall for their "do pong pork". The heavenly-marinated pork melts in your mouth sandwiched in the steamed bun. You might want to ask for more buns to go with excess pork at the end. Best advice here? Go hungry. Go with a big group to try more of their eats. And if you're in a big group during the weekend, try to call in early or else, they get booked fast during dinnertime. I've been here 3x already since they've reopened. They're a small place but with tasty dishes and is quickly becoming a local favorite.
Had a craving for soup dumplings at the time.  They were alright but a little dry and not much soup.  Staff was nice though.
Came here a few times and it's finally safe to say it's my favorite place to grab soup dumplings. I'm grateful to have this restaurant located within walking distance (trust me it is hard to find good sit-in restaurants within walking distance). I'm always craving good soup dumplings and this is the place to go to for satisfying hard to resist cravings. Besides the soup dumplings, all of the other food is delicious! Waiters/waitresses are very attentive to your needs therefore service is great. The only downside is that this place easily gets busy especially during dinner time and there is limited seating, so get there at a time where it's less busy!
Cute hole in the wall; I'm just thrilled there's a Shanghainese joint in the hurst; there's only so much Vietnamese, Chinese, sushi, halal and pizza one can eat before u just don't feel like going out to eat anymore! The food is decent; service is decent ; prices are affordable; so pretty much a hit in my book and would definitely come back.
Great place to eat at. It's convenient out near the water and is extremely tasty. Personally I always order their Xiao long bao and Yang Zhou fried rice.If you're in the area, definitely worth a look for great Chinese food!
Overall the food is great!! Everything is authentic. My personal favorite is the fish head soup and the dumpling with peanut source. The restaurant is a little small so do expect wait time during speak dinner hours. Lunch wait lunch is less. The service is also excellent here, staffs are nice and accommodating there!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? This is my go to shanghai food spot in BK. Food, service and price can't be beat!
One of my favorite places! Taste is consistently spot on. Crab soup dumpling is my favorite with Shanghai fried rice, and I also love their fried wonton in peanut sauce. Also their pan fried noodle dish is good. This is a sure go to place for any day.
It's been about 9 hours since we ate our Liu's Shanghai Lunch.  It was so delicious, we're sitting here at midnight thinking about it.  My boyfriend: "Man, that fried rice was so good, I should go dig it out of the trash and eat that bit I threw out."
For my 100th review I have decided to write about the place that has replaced what was my favorite restaurant for Shanghai style food. So I was shocked and saddened when I showed up and saw the new awning. But had some hope that maybe they just did some renovations. I went in and saw that the place was much cleaner, the walls and floors has been redone and the old man 'waiter' was gone. I looked through the menu and saw that it had definitely changed and was much smaller. So, I asked what happened to the old place. Basically what I was told was that, the previous owners left and the chef had taken over. Or something like that but, Wahoo, same chef. Great News!! Here's the run down. I ordered all my usual stuff. Pork steam bun, fried wonton, etc etc. For the most part the food seems to be of the same quality. So all in all the place is cleaner and nicer, along with much, much better service.
Came here last night for dinner and the place was pretty full for a Sunday night. We ordered the soupy pork dumpling which was pretty good. We also, ordered the scallion pancake which was okay it was a little thicker or tough than usual. So the scallion pancake wasn't my favorite dish. Now for the main course we had the chicken with the jalapeño and garlic which was great. I really liked the flavor a in the dish and of course it was a little spicy from the jalapeño! Which is great! All the ingredients tastes fresh and mixed very well in that dish. We also had the mushroom with bean curd skin and vegetable which I thought was pretty good. My husband didn't like it as much because he said it tastes healthy. But overall it was a pretty good meal.Service was good. It looks like it's a family owned business and they have the family helping out at the restaurant. I will definitely go back and try some other dishes.
I would give 2 stars Ordered for Saturday delivery.Beef lo-mein was ok. Duck too dry and low salt and they forgot  to include rice. Pancake overcooked. I called store and asked for rice, lady said that it will take some time since they have waiting line outside.But rice never showed up.I would not recommend ordering from this place.I will go back to people I know at 86 street.
Not as good as I remember it used to be. When they first re opened it was great! Service was much better food was really tasty. Now the food is just average. Still good since its the only shanghainese food in the area but could use some improvement. Their soup dumplings are great. Noodle dishes could use some more filling besides noodles. Love their lion head soup and fish casserole soup but theres hardly anything in the fish casserole soup. Also their sweet desserts arent that great. Watered down and bland with hardly anything in it. Never know if its going to be hot or cold either. Service is also lacking, we always seem to have to wave at them a million times to get their attention.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I only ever use Yelp as an outlet to write scathing reviews, but this eatery deserves paramount recognition. First of all, you really can't beat the price. My boyfriend and I are regulars and usually order around three appetizers, one entree, and a noodle dish, all of this food comes out to less than $40. In NYC, finding food *that* cheap AND of good quality isn't a common occurrence.  Secondly, the service is so friendly and attentive. You can definitely tell this is a family run restaurant just by the way they treat their costumers. All your food arrives to your table at lighting speed, which is always a plus. Even at the busiest hours, their service is exceptionally fast. On to the food, we ALWAYS order wine chicken (AND YOU SHOULD TOO) and Liu's makes it the best out of all the wine chicken I've ever tasted. And for the rest of our meal, we usually switch it up and order classics like fried dumplings with peanut sauce and hot oil, jellyfish, thick noodles, or fried rice. Everything we have ever ordered here has been so delicious and satiates our Shanghai cuisine craving. I wanna emphasize again, I usually don't write positive reviews. 5 stars all the way :')!
I've been here a few times now, and so far everything is pretty good. I usually get the soup dumplings, and the fried wonton with peanut sauce.The food here is delicious, but it seems quality fluctuates for me. Sometimes the soup dumplings come out amazing and full of flavor, other times no soup, no flavor. The peanut sauce really carries the fried wontons, sometimes the wonton has no flavor and I just have to dunk it in the sauce. Don't get me wrong, that's delicious, but shouldn't the star of the dish Be the star?
The restaurant change ownersFood and service lot better Fresh seafood and meat The crab soup dumpling are very juicy and Less oil and fats Scallion cake fry wonton and dumpling must try
Small place but the food is good, staffs are friendly and crabmeat & pork soup dumpling is the best. Pork in special chef menu is flavorful and soft. Must try!!
We normally go into Chinatown to Joe's Shanghai but we decided to try something local. We were not disappointed! All the food was fresh and came super fast. Even our picky 5 year old ate two portions of their Beef with Broccoli. We will definitely come here again.
Very good, solid food. We ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, beef tomato egg over rice, and beef with cantonese noodles. While nothing screamed at me "this is the best ever!" we really enjoyed everything and cleaned the plates. Staff was prompt and very nice, would definitely go back!
The fresher family food you would have if you cooked it yourself. But you can't do it better than this family. We lov
We came here for the soup dumplings and braised pork belly. Both were excellent. We also had dumplings which were good. I did order another set of buns that never showed up but other than that it was great.Might give them an extra star when I visit again, which will be soon.
Good Soup Dumplings in my neighborhood!Not sure how long Liu's been here (judging by their recent renovation, not too long), but I'm sure glad they are around to satiate my soup dumpling craving. Ordered the following:Crab flavored soup dumpling - Spot on flavor, not quite as much soup as couple of places in Chinatown, but more than sufficientScallop soup dumpling - if you are a true Yelper, you have to commute to Brooklyn to try this! So many of you commute here to tried the hand pulled noodles on 18th Ave, so why not this?Shanghai Style Jumbo prawns - Sweet garlicky smokey flavors from the charred shell. I eat it with shell on to get the maximum flavor. Excellent!Crab Meat Hot&Sour soup - I don't know where the crab meat is, but I liked it so much I finished most of it all by myself (there's probably 5 small bowls worth).Steamed dumplings - Not bad, but I prefer the soup filled versionChicken with Thick noodles - My wife and daughter liked this. I like that it filled our stomachsWill definitely be back the next time I'm craving for soup dumpling (unless I'm in Chinatown, then I will head to Joe Shanghai or Noodle Village) considering it's a 5 minute drive from my house.
Stopped by to try this place since i learned it was under new mgmt and that the chef stayed the same. Picked up dinner to go. Its nice to see that the restaurant was newly renovated but everything pretty much stayed in the same area. 6 tables and 1 huge table in the back, counter and drinks/utensils by the right of the restaurant. Much cleaner space and upgraded cash register.This is one of the reviews that will need to be broken down, only to be fair.Decor: 4/5After renovation the restaurant looks more newer and cleaner. It gives the restaurant a whole new feel when u walk in. Name has been changed and kind of neat that u can use erasable markers to draw on the restaurants menu for quicker orders (esp for take outs)Service: 5The restaurant is now run by a sister and brother. They were very attentive, running back and forth serving the tables and when they saw people come in, they immediately approached them and was honest abt giving them some time before they get to them. Very polite and good customer service. Definitely beat the father and son who previously owned it!!!!Food: 3/5I was told the cook stayed but.. Im not sure why the food really did not taste the same. The soup dumplings were not as juicy as previously, the hot and sour soup (although was not my fav in this area) does not have any spice in it.. The soup was pretty watered down compared to back then being a slightly thicker texture. And the only other dish we ordered was the peppered steak which the steak had some black char stuck on several pieces and not enough flavoring. I am slightly disappointed but i can see the restaurant is open to feedbacks (they had a huge sign by the register to leave them a review on yelp) and any restaurants who wants to hear feedbacks means theyre willing to work harder.Overall, i will still come back often to try and hopefully the flavors to the dishes will start to come back.
Came here with my mom for dinner and it was really good. The place is small though so there was a wait but that that only means it's so good people are willing to wait!The food was authentic, tasty, and so satisfying! We got the crab/pork meat dumplings, shanghai fried noodles and HK hot and sour soup! Recommend if you're in the area and you're craving some Shanghainese.
This just went into my top 5 places to eat I was so surprised by this placeThe place was so packed on Thursday night that they couldn't even do a delivery. So we decided to walk over since we were already in the mood.The place really was packed and we had to wait maybe 10 min for a table for twoIt's not a big place but it accommodates large parties The staff/waiters were very friendly and apologetic for not being able to deliver. The atmosphere was diner type, clean, calmThere is a large flat screen tv with American programmingThe menu wasn't complicated and had some traditional Chinese American choices The food really surprised me We ordered scallion pancakes, fried wontons in peanut sauce, soup dumplings, twice cooked pork, and general tsaos chickenThese were some delicious and light meals. We obviously over ordered lol but we were eager to try all these items. My only complaint was that the twice cooked pork dish was really not much pork and the pieces that were there were fatty but the rest of the dish was delicious.This is def. a place to bookmark
Their soup dumplings takes you to Shanghai. Servers spoke Shanghainese and this place is run by authentic Shanghainese people. The dad works in the kitchen, and his children are servers. The restaurant is a secret gem in Brooklyn, and I will definitely come back for more soup dumplings.   Why travel to the hustle and bustle of Manhattan Chinatown to get soup dumplings when this place is on or above par with their competitors in Manhattan? It is a treat to have a Shanghainese restaurant in the neighborhood. I ate nothing but soup dumplings here. I'm confident other dishes are equally tasty.
We came in a group of 3 on a Sunday night around 6pm and since that is still an early time for dinner, we were able to get a table right away. By the time we finished our meal, there were 1-2 groups waiting for tables. We ordered several dishes. The soup pork dumplings, mixed pork and crab meat dumplings, scallion pancake were all delicious. The dumplings seemed like a smaller size than the Manhattan Chinatown ones. Some waitresses speak both English and Chinese so there's less chance of a miscommunication if you don't speak Chinese. My mom's friends have said this place is known for their fish head soup and I am interested in trying the next time I come!
Came here last night for the soup dumplings. Loved them so much, we ordered another order. The atmosphere was cozy and the service was great. Super friendly waiter. Also had the beef with broccoli, which tasted amazing and wasn't overly greasy. Friends had plain chicken and broccoli and scallion pancakes, which they also said were great. The place was completely packed on a Saturday night but we didn't end up waiting long for a table of 4. I would definitely come back for more soup dumplings.
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE EARLIER?? It's sooo good. Everything is amazing. When I go with a friend, we always get crab soup dumplings, fried wonton dumplings w/ peanut sauce, Shanghainese lo mein, and scallion pancakes. The hype IS real!
My new favorite Chinese place!  The food is outstanding and the service was very friendly, attentive and helpful.  Best of all, they speak English!  We asked for recommendations and everything they suggested was awesome!  We had the pork soup dumplings, the fried dumplings in peanut sauce, wonton soup, little bit of everything soup, chefs special duck and a pork belly dish. EVERYTHING was outstanding.  For the four of us the bill was only $62 and we were STUFFED. I can hardly wait to go back and try more of their dishes.  This is not a fancy restaurant with high marks for decor and is relatively small, but if you're looking for great food at very reasonable prices, this is the place!
Soup dumplings are standard, you get the typical broth in the dumplings but nothing to really boost about. Shanghai noodles are also standard. Spicy beef with tofu was extremely salty, beef was very tender and nicely braised to the points where it almost melts in your mouth. However, because of the sauce, the dish became overwhelmingly too salty to eat. Unfortunate.
Very good food. Excellent lunch specials. Tried the hot pepper & dried bean curd with beef - very tasty. Also the hot & sour soup is good. Will have to try some soup dumplings and other dishes next week. Great to have such quality food in Bensonhurst.
I took my family here since they enjoy Shanghai and thought they could only find good food from Chinatown. This place changed their minds because everything we had was delicious but most especially the fried wontons, fried chicken wings, and pork soup dumplings. This corner spot is definitely on the small side with one larger table and one medium table, which we luckily snagged for the 7 of us. The rest are all 2-4 tops.
I've been eating here since I was a kid and when the restaurant closed for renovations, I was really worried that things wouldn't be the same. The previous retired and the chef's son and daughter have since taken over. I am really thankful that this place is in a random part of Brooklyn, so it is unlikely to turn into a tourist trap like Joe's Shanghai. Unless, of course, a shanghainese restaurant is the catalyst for an entire neighborhood to turn into the next commercial hub. That would be cool too. I'm tempted to give this place a bad review so I can lower the ratings and keep it a secret for myself. But that wouldn't be kind. This place is easily my favorite place in all of New York City for soup dumplings. The flavors are authentic and rich and every bite reminds me of home. I can't wait for this small restaurant to knock down the wall and purchase the thrift shop next door. The only con is how small the restaurant is and how long you have to wait for a table if you don't time your arrival correctly.
Small, cozy, authentic Shanghainese family run business. This is a late post, but finally decided to share this hidden gem of Bensonhurst! I have been here on many occasions and love the fried wontons with the peanut butter sauce, fish head casserole with the glass noodles (especially for the winter), and rice cake with preserved cabbage and pork. The fish head casserole is made fresh to order and takes approximately 20 minutes, make sure to order this first thing. The items that I ordered are unique to the restaurant. It is not sold in any other Shanghai restaurant that I have been to. Each of the mentioned dishes are very flavorful and will have you coming back for more. The portions here are generous for the amount you pay. It is inexpensive as compared to many other Shanghai restaurants. It is a must try!
Food is great! But this is the first time I can say in New York that the service is just as good as the food!
Their peanut butter fried wontons and soup dumplings were on point. I was craving soup dumplings but my family didn't want to make the drive to Manhattan. This def took care of my cravings and more. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. The jiajianming (spelling?) noodles and the hot & sour soup were a tad bland but everything else was perfect. Nice touch with the tapioca dessert at the end :D
Thank you baby Jesus for answering my prayers and  saving me from long drives just to get my soup dumpling fix! I've dined here over a year ago and was not impressed enough to go back. Since I live a couple blocks away, I'd decided to give it another try. As soon as I walked in I noticed the brand new renovations and new owners that actually smiled (unlike the previous owner). The restaurant had a very homey yet neat&presentable ambience.Now for the food,*Crab meat & pork steamed dumplings- absolute perfection! Unlike mainstream places such as joe's Shanghai, the skin is tender but strong enough to hold the soup until it reaches your mouth. The broth was plenty flavorful and the meat fillings were pure yummy-nesssss!*Shanghai wonton in hot sauce- a MUST order from the menu! It's not really spicy but more sugary and topped with a savory peanut butter sauce to die for !!! *Twice cooked pork- a traditional shanghainese dish cooked with pork, Napa cabbage, tofu and portobello mushrooms. DELICIOUSSSSS with a capital D! TO EVERYONE WHO HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE BEFORE, PLEASE DO YOURSELVES A FAVOR AND GIVE THE NEW MANAGEMENT A CHANCE! I am proud to announce myself as a new regular now. Can't wait to try every single dish this place has to offer!!
My second time at this spot in two weeks because it does not disappoint. Probably one of my favorite places in the neighborhood because of its quality, affordable eats! I've had both pork and crab soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, spicy wonton, and a beef and bamboo shoot platter before. All were really really good. Don't be taken aback by the small space because the food comes quickly and is really worth it.
What an awesome place! Food was delicious and service was superb! Will definitely be back! Soup dumplings are the best here!
Wow! Fantastic food within walking distance from my home. Saved me a ride on the 7 train to Flushing, the D to Chinatown or the N to Sunset Park. The positive reviews on Yelp encouraged me to come here to celebrate the year of the Monkey with my friend. And it was a celebration of friendship and food. Everything we ordered was "Yummy." The pork soup and scallop soup dumplings were packed with flavor and the right amount of moisture. They didn't fall apart when we placed them on our plates. The fried wontons in peanut and hot sauce was delicious! The Chef's Special Duck was perfectly done: crisp on the outside, moist with flavor on the inside. No wonder it was packed for lunch. Plus, great service. This place is a gem for great food at great prices.
The best in the area--hands down.It's clean, all the meat is lean and when you eat it you don't feel sick/regretful afterwards. It's hard to explain, but the food tastes "cleaner" than typical Chinese. Keep in mind though, this isn't really Chinese. You have similar dishes but don't be surprised when they tell you they don't have egg rolls. Their wan ton soup has thin noodles filled with meat and it's not overly salty. Whatever you get, make sure you get their pork fried rice. It's real white rice fried with big pieces of actual tender pork. Not the yellow rice and red pork others call PFR. I love the sesame chicken with white meat only. Sometimes I tell them with no breading even though they don't layer on the breading and skimp with chicken. I order from here 1-2 times a week and the chicken has never once been chewy or 'veiny'. Be careful of chicken like that because it means it's been recooked or it has been sitting out. Nagoya, my old favorite Japanese spot hit me with chicken like that and I had to add them to the "will never order again" list. Hope this helps!
I recently moved back to Brooklyn and was pleasantly surprised to find that there's a Shanghainese restaurant a short train ride away. I've been here twice and I can say their soup dumplings and fish head soup are the standouts.The pan fried dumplings were a bit disappointing. They didn't taste bad but they didn't taste great either. The wrapper was also a bit doughier than my usual go-to Green Bo in Manhattan's Chinatown.The scallion pancake was also very heavy and not particularly flavorful. The flavors of the soup dumplings were well balanced and had plenty of soup. Paired with the ginger and vinegar, divine. I'm not 100% sure they're as good or better than Green Bo's soup dumplings, but they're good enough that I'd come back for more.The fish head soup is a three quart pot of soup so bring friends to share! The broth is savory yet light and comes with rice noodles. The broth has hints of ginger and just a smidge of heat from one or two whole, dried chili pepper. I thought it would be overwhelmingly spicy due to the chili but it was just a hint to rid any fishy taste and balance out the ginger.If you order the fish head soup, order it before everything else because it usually takes a while to make. We ordered it as soon as we walked in and before we were seated so we didn't wait too long for it to come out. Free dessert comes with the meal. You usually have a choice of tapioca pearls with sweet potato or red bean dessert.Plenty of parking nearby. If you come for dinner, there may be a wait if you have a large party.
Convenient and delicious, Liu's is a great Shanghai restaurant in Bensonhurst. I came here for dinner to catch up with a few old friends and had heard some great reviews from mutual friends. From my visit, I can proudly say that I was not disappointed with what Liu's had to offer. Our appetizers included the Shanghai soup dumplings, fried wontons and scallion pancakes -- all of which were exceptionally well prepared and delicious in their own right. We shared a light entree course of the Shanghai fried rice and rice cakes with mixed seafood -- both of which were authentically prepared and tasted of real Chinese palette. Between four people, this was enough to keep us satisfied throughout the evening. If you need any menu suggestions, allow me to quote one of my best friends: "Ahhh. You simply can't go wrong with a Shanghai fried rice."I'm extremely excited Liu's is able to offer great Shanghai tastes without the extensive travel into Chinatown or 8 Avenue. With such affordable prices and a relatively convenient location, they are undoubtedly going to make the lives of a lot of South Brooklynites a whole lot easier (and happier).
My family and I wanted to try this place out after a couple of years of not having it, and we were not disappointed. We had to wait outside in the cold for a table (as we were told to), but eventually got a table after 15-20 minutes of wait time, which was absolutely understandable. Afterwards, we sat down and we ordered dumplings and dumplings with crab meat. Absolutely loved them. And I wasn't disappointed by their pork meat which I thought the meat was a little over-cooked but I've definitely seen improvement from years ago! Though, I thought the pork meat was extremely fattening, so stay away if you don't like fatty food... I hope to see more improvements to come as well from Liu's Shanghai! Will be back soon and hopefully less wait time...
Always friendly service! Great for when you don't want to travel all the way to Manhattan or Queens for some XLB. :) Also, their fried wontons in peanut sauce are soo good, must try!
Delicious food this little spot first time here no complaints all i can say is very happy with food & price will recommend to a friend
I came here to eat dinner with my friends last night. I have to say this restaurant offers the best Shanghai dishes in the area. You would have to go early for seating due to limited seating. This place is extremely small; fitting only 7 tables. 1 big table and 6 medium sized tables. If you have w big party, prepare to wait a while for seats. It gets packed very easily. So be prepared to wait for seats whether you have a big or small party. We ordered our usual favorites - soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and fish head soup. Beware that if you are going to order the fish head soup, call in like 30 minutes prior to your arrival to make sure they still have (limited quantity per day) and if they do, have them make it as this dish takes a very long time to cook and prepare. The soup dumplings are delicious! We ordered the pork and shrimp one. It has just enough stuffings, skin isn't too thick, and just enough soup inside. The scallion pancake is fried just enough that you can't stop from just eating 1 slice. The service is great. The restaurant is very clean and family friendly. Everything is neatly placed and pleasant to the eyes. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Came here for a short dinner with my dad.We got the pork soup dumplings, crab & pork soup dumplings, and rice cakes with chicken.The soup dumplings were okay, they are smaller and less soupy than Joe's Shanghai's version but still tasty nonetheless. I really liked the rice cakes, enough that I got an another order to go so I could have a late night snack. They are fresh, light, and not oily at all. I would go back there for lunch or dinner the next time I'm in the neighborhood and try more stuff from the menu. Hope they add more soup to the soup dumplings!
Soup dumplings were good. Noodles was OK. Small restaurant so there wasn't that many tables. Around 7 tables. Be prepared to wait 30 minutes if it's packed. Bathroom was small but not cramped. Pretty clean.
What a surprise. From the outside the place doesn't look that impressive but the food was amazing. I'm glad I gave this place a try. Food was delicious. The service was amazing and the pricing is reasonable. Small family owned business. Definitely try the crab & pork soup dumplings and the fried wonton w/ peanut sauce.  I will definitely come back here. You don't need to go to the city or Qns for overpriced soup dumplings!!
I feel totally let down, after reading the reviews I had to try the food, and its in my neighborhood. I ordered the braised most everything that got good reviews -braised pork belly, the pork soup dumplings, fried chicken wings and the scallion pancake.Let me start with the braised pork belly - for people who actually ate this and liked it, let me just say, what the hell is wrong with you?! Its a huge piece of braised/boiled fat. No crispy skin and no taste just boiled fat.Soup dumplings were very bland, they tasted like they were store bought, no seasoning.Scallion pancake was greasy, i don't know what its supposed to taste like, but what i ate was cold greasy and had no flavor aside from the dipping sauce.The only thing that I thought had flavor were the chicken wings, they were nicely salted BUT some in the order were raw inside.
Came here twice, but ate here once, + no, the time I didn't eat there wasn't because I got take-out. There was one Thursday evening I came + it was packed, all but one table, that was filled with people who were just waiting for their take-out order. As we walked in, we stood there, the staff saw us, but no acknowledgment to ask, how many? or say, wait a minute. We stood there for about 5 minutes + decided to leave cause it just rubbed us the wrong way. We came another night to give it a second chance + if the same was going to happen, that would be the end. Luckily it wasn't as crowded as last time, so we got a table. We ordered the following: Pork soup dumplings: yummmyyyyScallion pancake: yummy with the sweet soy it came withSeaweed, tomato + tofu soup: its okay, soup thats nice + lightShanghai style noodle soup: noodles seemed to be all chopped up, you know those little scraps of noodles that are left after youre almost done with a bowl of noodles? Thats what it was like, but a full bowl of it. Pork w/preserved veg, edamame, dried bean curd: it was ok, a little too wet + edamame tasted a little funny. I'd come back for another go, but that will also depend on the customer service we'd be approached with.
Best little dumpling and Shanghainese style restaurant, trust me even though the place is small well worth the wait, staff and food are excellent!!!! Helpful hint both the regular soup dumplings and scallop dumplings r great,a must have if ure dining here.
Just what the neighborhood needed a clean small sit down restaurant away from the commercial traffic. Food is great and is a home style authentic Chinese. Not your typical Chinese take out food joint. The girl is very nice and she made me a special dish that I requested (beef and broccoli with a black pepper sauce) which was excellent. 3 things that I can appreciate. Inexpensive, good service, and clean.
My go-to place when I crave the Xiao long bao. Best value/taste! the restaurant is small and gets really crowded during dinner time but it's worth the wait!
Use to be Chui Hong Yuan, but under new management with the same chef. The newly renovated place is much cleaner, neat, and more spacious looking. I use to come here every now so and then before it became Liu's Shanghai... But I wasn't a big fan because of the service. The old owners that were always at the front of the house were so unwelcoming and inattentive, but I came anyways for the solid local shanghai food and relatively cheap cost for great portions from here when I was really craving for it. Last month I tested to see if they finally re-opened in hope to get a delivery for my shanghai food cravings, and tada lucky me! I spoke to a very fluent English-speaking gentlemen who even called me back to tell me I get two free desserts with my order. Then I came in the other day to actually dine in and learned that the new front house people are much sweeter people, which is the chef's son & daughter. Sadly, I was informed the chef is the only man back there cooking&prepping so sometimes it could be really hard on him when it starts getting busy. But they're in work with searching for a sous-chef, changing the sign outside too to their new name, and they care about feedbacks for improvement !Some dishes I would recommend:Soup dumplings (xiao long baos) - I use to dislike getting them from here because it was small, cold, and no soup in there at all. But now under new management, it's improving to the way they use to have it when they first ever opened. It was hot, satisfying, and pretty soupy when I had it the other day, which is good enough for my cravings to not have to trek out to the city.Shanghai fried wontons in hot sauce - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! My favorite dish from here, it's fried perfectly with delicious peanut butter sauce, soy sauce and it is actually NOT spicy at all which I prefer since I don't do spice. (request for more hot sauce if you want a kick though)Five flavor beef - cold app of flavorful beefFor entrees; chicken with broccoli, a little bit of everything rice cakes, crispy pan fried noodles, etc.
One of the better soup dumplings I've had in a while. The wontons with spicy sesame peanut sauce were superb. Most of the dishes we ordered were good and the staff were so friendly!
Decided to give this place a try after reading the reviews and let me tell u that I was definitely not disappointed. I've always passed by this place but never actually ate here. Whenever I walked by it would always be so packed ! Yesterday my boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here and we absolutely loved it! The people who own this place are sooo nice and friendly. The gentleman who greeted us was super friendly and attentive, he always checked in on us even tho it was busy. The food was sooooo good !!! We ordered the sesame chicken, the boiled dumplings, the fried wontons in peanut butter sauce and the duck. The sesame chicken was so fresh and crispy and made with REAL chicken( not like the processed chicken u get at the regular Chinese spot ). The boiled dumplings were good, the duck was ok ( we got the steamed one, should've went with the deep fried one like the owner suggested) lol but our fave was definitely the fried wontons in peanut butter sauce. It was so good that we had to get another order of it. Once we asked for the check they even offered us some tapioca and red bean dessert that was pretty good too ( and it was complimentary). Definitely will be coming back here!
Rediscovered my favorite Shanghai place. Now even better with new owners/staff. Tried special Fish Head Casserole today.. cooked to perfection! Quick, easy satisfying meal on cold night!
The food is gourmet very good ! Not like a greasy dirty Asian food. They just need more on th menu
Love this place! I can't type up 9 paragraphs about why this place is so awesome so just take my word for it.
We were trying to eat local but wanted to try something from our usual spots around the neighborhood.  My husband suggested we look on yelps and see if there is any Shanghainese spots around and this place popped up.  At first my husband said it wasn't all that because he drove by all the time and told his friend one day to try it out but was in no rush to because it wasnt too decorated.  I saw that this place has two names showed up with the same address and learned it was renovated and the new reviews were good based on it, we called to make sure they were open and took the chance to go.  First impression upon arriving wasn't too bad because there were few tables eating there.  Thank god we arrived early because it got busy as time passed.  The chef who is now the owner has his children in the front.  The son is behind the register and daughter is the waitress.  They were very attentive and nice.We ordered: crab meat pork soup dumpling, it was filling and the juices stayed upon you biting into the skin.  You can definitely taste the crab meat.-smoked duck, the skin was crispy and duck was not too dry when you bite into the meat -dong po pork, comes with 4 steam buns you normally get when you order peking duck in other chinese restaurants.  The presentation was perfection when the dish was serve.  Some places makes it all sloppy.  Now to the tasting, its delicious and i do not ever eat fats on meat whatsoever but this was so good i do not mind. The fat just melts in your mouth and it was flavorful.  You can put in the steam buns or get a bowl of rice and dig in.  If i wasn't so full from everything we ordered i would of devoured the whole dish myself.-crab meat hot and sour soup, this is definitely something to order because not many places make it good like this. Its not too spicy you cant take.  Once you sip into it your mouth just wants more and more and you wont be able to stop.  They have vermicelli in there that resembles shark fin. Heres a funny story how we found this soup. If anyone remembered in chinatown where the Confucius statues are there was a little dinky restaurant name "Goodies" and this was the one soup i fell in love with from that place but it has since shut down 7 years ago, i was pregnant at the time and i had cravings for this soup so bad and my husband deprived me of it and everyone knows you never deny a prego what they want because they will give you a stye.  So i never got my fixed. Till this day i give my husband grief ever since and he was looking at the menu and something told him this has some connection to that place and decided asked his daughter again and she told us her dad used to work there and now he is owner here. My husband said dead give away was from their dessert menu because its very distinct and not a lot of places make their desserts and same name to it.  I was sooo filled with joy when i found out one of my most favorite Shanghainese restaurant is back and so close to home!-little bit of everything (thick noodles), this is also a fave when eating  Shanghainese.  The dish came and it was twice the amount we normally get in usual spots in city and this was half the price.  The presentation itself look like it was gonna be drench in soy sauce and cant taste anything.  First bite into it and surprisingly it was not heavily overwhelming in soy sauce and it was in fact light not salty at all.  My husband's fave he ended up eating most it andmy daughter ended up eating all of hers as well. -dessert we got shanghai red bean rice ball in sweet soup, this has a slight touch of rice wine but you hardly taste it.   The soup was not heavily sweetened like others and if you have room you can drink the soup too. They also gave us complimentary sweet soup as well.  We had the tapioca with taro and black glutinous soup.  There were plenty of taro and tapioca in the bowl and my daughter hardly eats taro and she ended up eating the whole bowl.  The black glutinous soup was alot too.  Normally when they give you free desserts it tends to be watered down but this was plentiful and would order it if i am craving for any.  I would suggest the red bean pankcake and the sweet ball soup.Their food is really good and it is not heavily seasoned like other places.  I didnt taste any MSG where i am cosntantly grabbing my cup of tea and be full within first few bites of food.  I was able enjoy my meal and eat most of the way without drinking water. Overall i am very pleased with this place and would definitely go again especially knowing the chef is now the owner of this place and was working in "Goodies" and definitely brought the nostalgic feeling back.  Best part you dont have to drive to the city for authentic Shanghainese food.   It wont cost you an arm and a leg either.   My husband's fave part is now he can shut me up about owing me the soup i never got 7yrs ago and now we can come regularly instead of usual 86th street spots under the D line.
lovely spot for delicious chinese food.immaculate, comfortable, varied menu for lunch or dinner.we went in the late afternoon. two tables were occupied by asian folks eating happily. no conversation-eating is serious business and not a social opportunity.soup dumplings delightful- made for us and it showed. scallion pancake was tasty and not greasy. spring rolls were delicious,very hot. this food was great,especially on a cold,winter day.parking on street not easy,but doable, waiter was family member and he said they are very crowded on weekends and evenings.all tables are round and vary in size. asian people can show up with 2-3 generations at one table. they eat in large amounts,hot pots, large plates. prices are affordable,to say the least.this is a no-brainer. 8 soup dumplings for $4.95- not kidding.
I was craving for some shanghai dumplings and this is the only place in the area that has it. The other place that sells shanghai dumplings is in fei long food court, which is just okay. Liu's dumplings taste slightly better. I like the skin and it's not too thick. The dumplings were juicy, but wasn't as flavorful as some of the ones I had throughout NYC. We also ordered the scallion pancake. They were great. It has the right crispiness outside and a soft texture in the inside. The hot and sour soup was pretty good. It wasn't diluted and had a variety of ingredients. We had their vegetable dumplings because one of us doesn't eat meat and they were tasty and lightly fried. You can order them steamed too. Still, the shanghai dumplings were passable. It's a quick fix if you don't want to travel outside of Brooklyn.
TLDR: This is my friend's rating of the place.food: 8/10service: 8/10decor: 10/10Now here's mine:After a long day of stuffing my face at Mitsuwa for lunch and doing manly things in New Jersey, I crossed the Verrazano looking for the 62nd Precinct, the mythical landmark my friend used to direct me toward this establishment. No, not "the corner of Bath and 19th." That would be too simple. "Just head over to the 62nd precinct, it's 2 blocks to the left of it. It's the only Chinese place with a red awning." Those were my directions. Needless to say, it was my first time there, but I found it.Purple nurples make people hungry, I made the executive decision to get one order of soup dumplings per person (5 total), along with the jellyfish, kao fu, scallion pancake, and wontons in hot sauce. My directionally challenged friend ordered the twice cooked pork. He made the wrong choice, as we ate all the mushrooms and meat, leaving him with the carrots and cabbage. He also thought we got too much. How wrong he was. Onto the food.I got the crab and pork dumplings and they were great. I usually don't enjoy the crab ones as the crab's flavor overpowers the other flavors of the dumplings, but I thought it was just right over here. Do I care about thin skins? Nope, because that means the dumplings break and spill the juicy deliciousness. But the skin's thickness was perfect in that it was thick enough not to break, but thin enough not to be chewy. I was hit with a moment of disappointment with the wontons. I was expecting it to be spicy, but they're actually sweet. The disappointment left a split second later when my tongue overruled my brain with how delicious the wontons were.The discussion we had over the origins of the jellyfish salad did not take away from its deliciousness. Do I care where the jellyfish came from? Do I care if it was real or not? I should, but when things taste good, I tend not to worry about minor details. Case in point: foie gras. But it was real jellyfish, according to my goldfish friend. I've never had jellyfish outside of restaurants. I've never taken a bite of jellyfish when I've gone spearfishing. So I wouldn't be able to tell you. Kao fu was sweet and chewy. Not much I can say about it, except that I always thought it was tofu. I was wrong. Twice cooked pork comes with mushrooms. The mushrooms are delicious. The pork is delicious. I'm just putting this in to remind my friend who looks like a 12 year old that the dish he ordered and didn't get to eat because he talks too much was delicious.The disappointing dish though, was the scallion pancake. I personally thought it wasn't crispy enough, and it needed more scallions in it. It just tasted like fried, flat dough (and not in a good, roti way). The sauce helps, but it was just average at best.Would I come here again? I sure would. I'd probably tell the guy to make my spicy wontons more spicy though.
Just had lunch here with my friend. A bit busy for a Sunday but got seats right away. Service was great. Condiments and menu came right away. Didn't have to wait long for our food to come either.I got my usual that I get from shanghai spots. I had the spicy beef w/ noodle soup and shared a pork steamed bun w/ my friend. My friend had shrimp w/ lobster sauce on rice. We also had the shanghai fried wonton which was recommended and it was delicious definitely will get that again.Overall it was a great experience. The food was on point. The setting is nice, comfortable and clean. Nice and spacious. Perfect for small parties and family dinners. Definitely a go to spot if you're trying to get a taste of shanghai especially, for me since I'm local.
Shanghai cuisine is one of my favorite cuisines. Now with Liu's Shanghai in Bensonhurst, I have to say I am ever the more in love with this neighborhood! The food at Liu's is consistent and delicious. Try ordering the Crab Hot and Sour soup, the fried wontons, the Scallop Soup Dumplings, and any of their fried dishes. When you order takeout, you get complimentary sweet soup. This is how you develop loyal customers: make great food, provide excellent service, and give out free desserts!We hope that this restaurant will continue to grow and expand. It would be awesome to see sweet tofu dishes on the menu or even home-made soybean drinks!
Really great place to eat! I went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and although the place was a little crowded at first, the food was great (especially for the cheap prices!) and the staff was very friendly and nice about explaining the dishes. Although they were sadly out of the 5-spice beef, the soup dumplings were delicious and the fried wontons covered in peanut sauce were AMAZING. Love them and can't wait to go back here for more!(Only thing I disliked... the outside of the restaurant looks kind of dingy, although the interior is quite nice. This place needs to clean its windows and look a little more inviting, if it wants more walk-in business!)
This is my favorite family style Shanghainese restaurant in Brooklyn.  Since the chief took over new ownership, the restaurant became much better than before.  Their service is excellent.  The waiters are very attentive and friendly.  The environment is more comfortable.  The food is as delicious as usual. The price is cheap and affordable. I definitely would recommend my friends to come try it out.
I was skeptical at first about this place, since under old management/ownership the food wasn't all that great. However, after taking a chance on ordering some xiao long baos from here....All I have to say is WOW!!! What a difference!This is hands down the best place to go locally in Brooklyn for Shanghainese food. The price, quality, and service for the food are phenomenal for what you're paying for.The guy in the front who took my order was friendly and easy going. The place has been renovated to give it a warm and inviting aura for the customers to dine in. Although I haven't dine-in yet and only been ordering my food to go, I would definitely come back here with friends to dine-in next time.Overall, Liu's Shanghai is one of Brooklyn's "hidden gem" that only the locals know about, which is a shame because this place needs to be recognized for their exceptional service and quality of food.
I like how this place is so family-oriented. I like how the food has similar flavors to the past management as it is not too salty. I really recommend this place as it is one of my favorite places to eat at in Brooklyn.
What a find!  We were visiting from Arizona and staying with family who have always lived in Brooklyn. We have been so many times to the same restaurants we yelped to find a new Chinese restaurant.  First of all we were immediately treated very well and given a bigger table when it soon came available. We asked him to make suggestions and they were friendly and accommodating.  Our appetizers were pork and crab soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The dumplings have soup in them and were tasty and yummy!  I had never had scallion pancakes but the others had and they said they were the best and I loved them. For entrees we had sweet and sour pork, sizzling beef with black pepper sauce and a little bit of everything noodles. It's hard to say which I liked best. Sweet and sour was real not that red goopy stuff. Sizzling beef had a perfect pepper taste and the meat was so very tender. The noodles were very tasty, crunchy and then soft from the delicious sauce. I have to say one of the best Chinese dinners we've had. Waiter and owner family just wonderful. We will definitely return.
I don't write a lot of yelp reviews but I felt really obligated for Liu's!  This is one of my fave places in the whole city.  Not too expensive and always very tasty.  I always take my mom here.
The only good pork soup dumpling in Brooklyn. You must try the fried wonton in peanut and hot oil sauce, it is one of my favorites. I would also highly recommend the rice dish baby shrimp with hot pepper and preserved vegetables; I never leave without ordering it. Their rice cakes are also really good. Even though the restaurant is small and not too fancy-looking, it does have a home-feel to it. The service is friendly and the great delicious food make up for its look.
It is a good place for Shanghai food. This is a small restaurant, but it is perfect for a small group of friends or family dinner...staff are nice, and the food is amazing~ Specially the fish bowl, cannot wait for going there again~ if you want to eat outside, but cannot find a place to go, this is definitely a good choice~
Just tried this place for the first time and it was perfect. Had Sweet and Sour chicken and my Wife had Beef with Broccoli. We also had an order of spring rolls. Everything was so amazing. Can't ask for a better Chinese food place. Let me also mention this place was super clean inside and the staff was so nice and pleasant. I basically went on Yelp in search of a good Chinese food restaurant and seen this place had great reviews and almost a perfect star rating ,so I'm glad I decided to try it. Exceptional everything. Just basically a clean delicious place that's very satisfying when your in the mood for Chinese food. Defiantly recommend it.
The soup buns here are amazing! Actually has real crab meat unlike the others that advertise crab meat and doesn't have any. Food is very authentic and the service is superb! They are very attentive even when the place is full, they are more than happy to give advice on what to eat or accommodate to your spicy level. Definitely a must try!!!
This place can satisfy me and my GF cravings for soup dumplings without going to Chinatown for Joe's Shanghai. Came here on a monday night, ordered two pork soup dumplings, a scallion pancake, and the much hyped fried tofu. Soup dumpling were pretty good considering where we are. Scallion pancakes I could have done without. The fried wontons was interesting. They put a twist on it by adding peanut sauce which is weird but good at the same time. This will be the place I go to whenever I crave soup dumplings from now on in Brooklyn. Doesn't hurt that it only cost 20 dollars for everything.
