I've been interested in visiting Govinda's for years.  It's in the basement of a Hari Krishna temple.  Weird!  It looks like the house of worship basements where I have attended low key bar mitzvah receptions.  The food was not nearly as tasty as I was hoping.  Many dishes were mushy, for example mushy rice, mushy green beans.  The portions were large, so I did waste a lot of food, sorry.  If you are hungry, yet not picky, a vegetarian, and have a limited budget, this would be a sensible place to eat.
The is my fast food dream come true. I love the whole concept. Cash only, basement of a temple, no-fuss, straight forward vegetarian buffet served by the temple people with spiritual music playing in the background. I go for the full meal, which for someone who eats a lot, is a lot of food. That includes rice, several dishes, bread, salad, soup. It's only opened weekday lunch time. When I'm in the area for a work-related training, I always make the 10 min walk over. Totally worth it.
Staff was super nice, food was delicious and so plentiful I ate some later because there was too much for the $12 deal. I also got a cupcake and loved it, chocolate flavor! Ambience is definitely cafeteria style, so not charming but the staff more than make up for it!
I never write a review but this place really deserves one...When you first arrive the place seems very strange but don't TURN away like I almost did but I continued as I was taking a friend for lunch. The people are the most inviting and so nice you feel like your overseas. I'm not really a vegetarian but my friend is that's why I chose the spot as soon as my friend and I tasted the food we knew we came to the right place. The food is excellent and the people are great I would definitely be back!!!!!Please don't change the uniqueness of this place that's what makes it.
How did I not know about Govinda's?!?! After all, I'm a native Brooklyn-ite, love Indian/vegetarian food, practice yoga and appreciate the (Eastern religion) principles that are tied into it.I happened upon this temple/cafeteria a few weeks ago as I walked down the block, but it was past lunch time so I was unable to eat anything.  As I left, I made a mental note to return and more so after I read all the stellar reviews on Yelp.I finally made it to Govinda's today for a quick, late lunch.I arrived around 2 PM, and it appeared the lunch rush was over. When I stepped inside the Hare Krishna temple, a gentleman at the entrance desk directed me to the staircase leading to the basement. The room was large-ish---with school-like  cafeteria appearance arranged with several round tables and a bit dark. Enough people were still having their lunch and socializing.The buffet food bar was situated not far from the entrance and I was warmly welcomed by 2 of the servers.The woman explained all  the seemingly delicious selections (from eggplant parm, cabbage and string beans to potatoes, salad, quinoa and bitter melon). There were other extras such as bread, rice and dessert (also chutney). Although it was a bit late, it seemed that food was still being replenished. I was undecided as everything looked quite good. The eggplant parm was apparently popular and immediately recommended; however, being Italian--I wanted to try something that was more along the lines containing Indian spices/flavorings.A fresh batch of bitter melon was being replenished as I was deciding. I was informed it was quite bitter but very healthy. And so having never tried it, I chose it as my one item ($5) but the woman was kind enough to split 2 selections and count it as one. The prices vary according to the number of selections chosen from the buffet bar ($5 for one, $7 for 2, etc.) My other selection was the quinoa salad (she even threw in a chapati on the house!). As far as beverages, there were several varieties for purchase or either free lemon water or mint lemonade.The vibe of the cafeteria was lovely. I could smell incense burning from the temple upstairs and Hare Krishna music was audible throughout the room. When I settled to one of the round tables to eat my lunch, I was thrilled with the bitter melon and quinoa selection (the bitter melon wasn't too bitter after all). The melon was fried and flavorful and the quinoa salad with grape tomatoes was cooked just right. I had two (plastic) cups of the mint lemonade which was really delicious and minty. My lunch was filling and enjoyable.I am looking forward to returning again. I like the vibe, the people are very friendly and best of all, the food is delicious and cheap! I highly recommend (no need to be a Hare Krishna worshipper or vegetarian. All are welcomed.)Check it out for yourself.  CASH ONLY.
This is my favorite place for a healthy and satisfying weekday lunch. The seating area is a very clean basement hall, and the staff always plays soothing chanting melodies to accompany the warm chatter of others enjoying their vegetarian feasts. The eggplant parmigiana dish served on Thursday is better than most "Italian" restaurants and costs a fraction. Also, their desserts are absolutely amazing. I recommend getting the full meal, $12 for a bunch of main dishes from the fresh buffet, dessert, and a drink
All good vibes here. Doesn't seem like a restaurant at first but if you go downstairs you'll find a very low key cafeteria. The portions are generous and the food is authentic. They also have a variety of delicious vegetarian dishes to choose from. The gentleman working the counter was really nice - I didn't have enough cash on me and he said "pay me next time." Who does that???I'd definitely come back and give them my business. The people running this spot are genuinely KIND. Stumbling upon Govinda's totally made my day.
So, it has been years since I entered this place. Went today with a coworker and immediately felt at home. Great atmosphere for a relaxing meal.  Amazingly friendly staff. Huge portions. I am always a bit nervous going out to lunch in uniform but not even a second glance. Will be back more often. HARE BOL!
What would I do without Yelp. Seriously. I would have NEVER known about Govinda's had it not been for Yelp. The food was really good and for suchhh an amazing price!! ANDDD IT CAME WITH FREE DRINKS TOO!!! I came on a Tuesday when they were serving baked tofu filet's which were BOMBB. And the women serving the food was superrr friendly!!
Govinda's is the type of place you'd never expect to find in NYC, with the added benefit of actually being *IN* NYC. A true hidden gem, nestled in the basement of a Hare Krishna temple in downtown Brooklyn, Govinda's offers top notch food made with love at prices fit for a pauper's wallet.GV has a constantly revolving menu, so don't expect the same thing twice! Fret not, because everything here is crafted to perfection reminiscent of your mother's kitchen, with an environment just as peaceful and loving.I come here as often as I can, which is still not often enough! Tip: Free flavored water and teas!
Such yummy food for such an amazing price. We shared a lunch plate and enjoyed every bite. We will most definitely be back soon for another awesome lunch special! Xo Lala and Ash (IG: @lalaandash)
1. yellow split dal- ok. needs some onions or garlic something more to it in my opinion. I don't     know what.2. shredded carrots with black eyed peas- personal taste didn't even try3. chana masala- the chickpea dish it burned not a lot though. I really don't like spicy dishes.    I don't eat chana masala so I have nothing to compare it to in all fairness to them.4. tossed salad with sunflower seed dressing I believe.- was tasty.5. rice- ok, bland or good. I can't decide.6. samosa - take it off the menu or do it better.7. cauliflower and stringbeans- are cauliflower and strings beans. - ok.8. orange-lemonade the drink. Something like that. Way to bland.9. raisin bread- Their raisin bread should be the standard for raisin bread everywhere. So     awesome.10. Nut-loaf -  awesome.11.. mango cupcake- tasty.I was given a lot of food for $15.00.  I am not sure why I paid $15.00 though.Service- outstanding.Would I go back again? Absolutely.
The place was pretty nice lol. When I saw that the place was described as a cafeteria, I was worried that it was gonna look like those cafeteria's from my high school years. Those brought horrid memories especially with the food. CRY. Fortunately, it wasn't like that, phewAtmosphere: The restaurant is at the basement [lol, dont be creeped out]. It has a classy, nice yet casual cafeteria-ish type of dining area. There is a wall painting of a Hindu god, a few chandeliers, a couple of cute flower decorations! Hahaha, see? Now that's seems pretty nice.Food: Everything is VEGETARIAN! Their small menu changes daily. However, their menu items range from decent-delicious. It's also very recently-good priced ESPECIALLY THE WHOLE MEAL VERSION! Ooh, btw get the FREE drinks at the end of the food ordering line: i love the green mint iced tea [trust me so refreshing!!!] Price: Very cheap-reasonable! At most, for a whole meal, you'll probably pay like around $13 for a huge meal! The whole entre came with a salad too. ;DWorkers: The servers are really nice and friendly. They are willing to answer any questions you have! End: If I'm in the area [btw very nearby the Brooklyn Bridge Park, so if you wanna hang around there, definetly drop by], I will drop by!
I'm vegetarian and have lived within walking distance of Govinda's for about seven years now. I don't know why I waited so long, except I was a little intimidated to walk through the Hare Krishna temple to the basement, which sounds ridiculous even as I type it ...Thankfully, I am totally over that after my first visit. I got the $10 full meal deal, which was fully twice more food than I needed and I am not a dainty eater. Rice, roasted sweet potatoes, chickpeas in a spicy sauce, a sort of grain meatloaf, greens with cauliflower, two kinds of salad, soup, bread and lemonade. I think my favorite was the grain loaf, but really I loved the whole absurd array because of all the different textures, colors and flavors.Which is good news, because I will be eating it again tomorrow.Friendly and quick, it's one of the best lunch deals in the neighborhood.
I love this place! Part of me wants it to remain it's beautiful little secret. However, I'm on yelp to share the secrets with my friends. I am a pescatarian but love going strict vegetarian. Govinda's is the best place to be vegetarian. Vegetarian here does not mean grease, cheese or processed. Quiet the contrary, everything I have here taste delicious and utilizes, grains and vegetables with spices. You will find some cheese sometimes and it is still delicious!The portions are always generous. I do 3 sides and sometimes I can't even finish my plate. I always do 2 warm sides and a salad. The salad always has options of toppings such as beets with feta. Yes and Yes!! One Friday I came and as if they were waiting for me. I ordered the eggplant parmesan. There was a roasted cauliflower side and the salad with beets and feta. All ingredients I love! The eggplant was perfection! Sometimes I come here specifically for eggplant. The menu is always changing. I have been there a number of times and still manage to try something new. It's delicious, cheap, filing and you will leave here happy! The secret is officially out!
I feel like I've just hit the jackpot.And by jackpot, I mean I've discovered delicious, cheap, fresh food in the most unexpected place imaginable. Yes, I'm talking about in the basement of a hare krishna temple. Don't you just love that?You can wander past this place without doing a double take. There's no large neon sign. No flyers. No people advertising outside. It's good ol' fashioned word-of-mouth marketing and of course many thanks to all of you. When you walk in, look past the man that sits by the door and past the temple services and to your right you will find Govinda's. Picture this: Walk down a flight of stairs into what looks like a much-needed-rennovation space that reminds me of an older catering hall/cafeteria. The walls are a interesting shade of green and it's a veryyyy casual atmosphere. And..... I love all of it. The staff here is incredibly friendly and always have a smile on their faces. If you look at the sign on the wall (see picture) it'll tell you the price breakdown. Everything is made that day (buffet style) and fresh out of the kitchen. Their desserts for the most part are vegan so if you have dietary restrictions, always ask! They're very accommodating. As for the food. Holy cow (irony, I know) this stuff is GOOD. No GREAT. They offer vegetarian/vegan options without sacrificing any flavor. I've been able to each lunch here (Mon-Fri 12:00-3:30pm) a few times and their star dish IMO has to be the eggplant parm. It's not your traditional eggplant parm by any means in that there's a underlying hint of curry with every bite. Super "meaty" and cheesy. I've also had their: pumpkin soup, quinoa salad, curry chickpeas, roasted curry potatoes/veggies, vegan cookies and cupcakes. Their meals come with their own homemade multigrain bread which is pretty stellar like everything else. Not only are the portions pretty hefty (I have yet to finish my full lunch), but they're very reasonably priced. Everything I've had here has been nothing short of amazing. I'm looking forward to becoming one of their "regulars". ***TIP! Their daily offerings are usually posted on their facebook page. So check that out:facebook.com/govindaslun…
I've been wanting to eat at Govinda's for awhile, but since it's only open during the week from 12-3:30, I haven't been able to stop by until now. But I am sure glad I had the chance to today!    Lunch is served cafeteria style and you have the option of tasting the whole menu or picking and choosing the items you want.  You pay based on how many items you select.  Everything was delicious and the portions are very generous.  Most of the items were vegan and the staff is very friendly so you can ask any questions re: dietary restrictions or anything else.  I'll definitely be back!
I got an allergic reaction from something I ate there and wrote them a message on Facebook politely asking for the ingredients to try to identify what the culprit could be as per my doctor's orders. UPDATE: They did get back to me.As for the review of the place/food itself - as everyone has noted its in the basement of a temple. Very plain and almost cafeteria / soup kitchen setting. There's a small section with the food that is served buffet style (CASH ONLY). Everything is vegan/vegetarian and the menu changes daily. Thursdays and Fridays are the most popular days because those are the days they serve eggplant parmesan.The food itself is affordable - $4 for one item, $6 for 2 items and $7 for one item with 3 sides. There's an $8 and $10 option as well and they give you a good amount of food. $4 for cake and $1 for cookiesIt was a little confusing though because given their menu I should've been able to get 2 eggplant parms for $6 but was told I would have to pay $8 if I did that. The wording of the menu did not make that clear at all.SERVICE:There's a woman there who was very friendly and pleasant, but there was also a guy there helping her who had a sourpuss face, unfriendly demeanor and nasty attitude. He made me feel uncomfortable every time I went up to look at the food (I got some food to go at the end of my meal) and made me not want to go back.While he was already in a sour mood before I had any interaction with him, I think the later bad vibes he sent my way stemmed from the fact that I handed him money over the counter and instead of him looking to see that there were quarters in my hand he simply dragged the money out of my hand, which resulted in some quarters ending up in the quinoa. He looked annoyed at me even though had he been paying attention he could have avoided that accident. (p.s. - he didn't change the quinoa container after picking the quarters out. EEK!)TIP #1: If you have t-mboile there's no internet connection in the basementTIP #2: CASH ONLY!TIP #3: Go on eggplant day (Thursday and Friday) but go early because it's their busiest day and they do sell outMajor gripes - very short operating hours, they do run out of the stuff you want, and the line can get really long
Very tasty food. Happy i stumbled on this spot. MY only qualm is sometimes they be trying it during the end of lunch hour when they barely fill ya plate up! Or when i be getting burnt food sometimes but other than that i love it!
Pure magic! Orange! pink! mint!Plant based  delicious!  No dead animals Happy plantsHappy belly$Friendly staff :)Blue gods playing flute under paradise Apple tree Will be RIGHT BACK HERE !!!
You'll be hard pressed to find better tasting vegetarian dishes served from a friendlier staff. Would definitely recommend and try again.
Perfection. The food is amazing and the people are great. Only issue is eating too much! Best kind of problems anyone can have. Try the cheesecake!!!!!!!! A must have.
This place is a jewel under the surface omg! The food here is so delicious the spices the smells love it! The prices are the best part this place worth every bill you spend there and it's no expensive at all! Save some room for the cupcakes!
I'm so glad I finally had a chance to come by. I came here earlier this week after running some errands on a rare weekday off work. I've been to a Govinda's in Dublin, so I assumed this location would be similar. Indeed, this place is pretty similar to the canteen in Dublin: for a small sum of money, one can get a heaping pile of food that will nourish your soul and your body (or so I like to think). The server was a sweet young woman who was happy to hear that I've been to another location. After I told her I wanted to try their full meal set, she gave me my food in a to-go box, just in case I couldn't finish everything. Good call on her part because I didn't end up finishing everything and I did have to bring some of it home. The menu changes daily and on the day I went, there was a black-eyed peas dish, a paneer dish, and a cauliflower dish. The salad had lentils in it and everything was fairly light and not heavy tasting. Which is good, considering how much they heap onto your plate.I wish they were open at other hours, but I'm just glad that they exist within NYC. Will definitely consider coming back here if I happen to be even remotely in this area during their open hours.
I took my coworker here for lunch because of all of the amazing reviews on Yelp. I have to say that it is a great place to find homemade food for lunch that wont hurt  your wallet. I personally did not enjoy the nut loaf as much as everyone, but everything else was great! You get so much food and everyone there is super friendly. I paid $9 for 3 entrees, and I had some food to save for later. Overall, I love concept and like that there is something different each day. Can't wait to try the Lasagna on Thursdays.
This is place amazing veggie heaven! I get lunch here at least twice a week. Good vegetarian options that is also delicious. Love!
Excellent  dal, beans, nicely cooked rice, amazing bread and wonderful vegetarian options. Had an amazing meal for only $7 (2 veggie + bread + rice + dal)The eating area is a little dark, very simple, it's perhaps a bit closed in as there's no natural light, but the food is so delicious that it is ok and you will forget about it. I also wish they served in environmentally healthier plates for the "eating to stay" clients as I really hate styrofoam.. wish they use paper instead or perhaps some stainelss steel dishes.... hope they will consider as suggestion. I will go back when in the area. Thank you!Namaste :)
There are certain foods that I can say I want to pull it over me like a blanket, get comfortable, and with a big stupid grin on my face, start munching all around me. I don't even care about the logistics, I just want it to happen. That is what their nut loaf does to me.The food is WELL priced for the huge portions, especially given how good it is. I am a meat eater *gasp*! But good food is good food. Folks. And if hearing "vegetarian" turns you away...well, I guess you can't call yourself a food lover.If I were to be perfectly honest here, minus the nut loaf, I would give the food here an overall 4. Meaning, it makes me happy, but it doesn't send me into food heaven. I've had the cheesecake - and while amazing portions (seriously, they give you like 1/6th of it per slice), it was a tad too sweet for my taste.But I love that it's in the basement of a temple, I love the homey feel of it, I love the people, I love that the chef (chefs?) has been cooking since 15 and completely used to cooking meals for hundreds (if not thousands) of people.
So delicious and all vegetarian! Absolutely loved it. The full meal is so much good you can easily share. Although I didn't and almost ate everything just because it was delicious.
This place is truly amazing! When Yelp came up with Govindas while searching for food near work,I was not entirely sure what to expect since even though the name suggested an Indian place,the food pics suggested a varied cuisine(eggplant parm,cheesecake?!)It was a pleasant surprise to find out it was in the basement of a temple,giving me an opportunity to visit both the temple upstairs and sample the tasty fare downstairs.Every morsel here is seasoned to perfection.The salads and side dishes with zucchini and quinoa are not exactly Indian food but they have managed to combine the best flavours of both Indian and western cuisine to create an extraordinary fare equally palatable to everyone.My favorites are the eggplant parm and the delicious salads.The desserts look heavenly(I am yet to try those since sugar highs in the middle of the day are not good for the rest of my work day).The best part is that they have managed to make the food light and non greasy while still retaining the taste,making this a perfect place to hit up for lunch.The free pickles and lemon flavored water are a nice touch to make you fall even more in love with this unassuming place.The prices are really low and you kinda get the feeling that here,it's more about people enjoying the food than actually making a profit.The people serving the food are super nice as are those who come to eat here. Many a time,total strangers who seem to be regulars here have offered tips on what to get.I guess good food brings out the best in people. Definitely unique and hugely satisfying!
I was skeptical when my friend suggested we go to a vegetarian place in a temple for lunch one day. Really skeptical. I mean, I love vegetarian food - dont get me wrong. But Ive had BAD vegetarian food, and while its not up there with "bad sushi" or "bad Indian food" bad vegetarian food is dry, dense, and makes you want to shove your face in a cow.But, of course he used the words "delicious" and "secret entrance" so I was sold on it.I will never question this guy again. We walked into the temple and turned down the stairs into a cafeteria-style open room. We got in line and I just followed suit and ordered the $10 special (everything). Secretly, I ordered it because I knew if there were two things I didnt like, there were at least 2-3 more options there on my plate.We went on NutLoaf day... which kinda creeped me out (I dont even really like nuts), but it was a hearty and moist cake with what felt like some almonds/pecans/cashews really finely added. The acorn squash was seasoned and just slightly spicy and salty - which paired great with the chana masala and the stewed kale. Nothing was overly oily (the squash has a solid coating to keep it from sticking while they roasted it, but nothing that made me cringe) and I loved the spices they used on everything.I didnt get a chance to try their desserts, but its on my list of things to tackle next time (and when I say next time, I mean tomorrow).
By now my fiance doesn't bat an eye when we're in NYC for a wedding, and I tell him that after we pick up his tux, there's a Hindu temple that serves a cash only vegetarian lunch in the basement around the corner and this is probably where we should go eat. Like of all the places we could go to eat, I'm walking him down stairs to what looks and feels like a soup kitchen for those without a place to call home.Of course everyone there is super pleasant. I mean like, when we asked if was cash only, we were told "it is, but if you don't have it, you can pay us some other day." The two of us shared a $10 platter which pretty much got us everything that was left on the buffet (getting there later in the day means that some items are gone already!) and then ordered some other misc stuff too. Seating is family style at round banquet tables, so buddy up with anybody among the mix of people and families that only a vegetarian lunch in the basement of a hindu temple would be able to bring together.
Wait, there's a vegetarian joint in the basement of the Hare Krishna temple?! I had to try it. I'm not really sure why, as I'm neither vegetarian nor Hare Krishna, but I couldn't resist. I was strangely attracted to it, like a completely straight moth to a very gay flame.Having now dined at Govinda's, let me tell you that you are not there for the atmosphere (it is in actuality a basement cafeteria). You are there for the affordable, delicious vegetarian cuisine served quickly and efficiently with a smile. I had:Eggplant Parmesan: This was AWESOME. It was as hearty and satisfying as vegetarian food gets.Quinoa salad. Fresh and perfect, not as mealy as quinoa can get if you don't do it right.Broccoli and peppers. There was a vague curry flavor, and they veggies were well executed and a nice complement. Cabbage, peas and potatoes. Not a huge fan of this one. It wasn't bad, but I should've known better as it's not really my thing. All this food was piled high on a tray with a slice of surprisingly wonderful, hearty bread (that I'd easily buy a loaf of if available). It was way more than anyone needs for lunch, and it cost an even $8. You can also purchase less items for less money, or get it all with soup and salad and I believe, dessert (cake or cupcakes) for $10.Cash only, and dine in as long as you don't mind Hare Krishna music and plasticeware.
I have been eating at this place for a long while now and let me tell you, these guys are great!!!!I would eat here every day if I could! The food is delicious, inexpensive, the portions are big and you don't feel guilty afterwards. Honestly the best and most consistent vegetarian food in Brooklyn.
Oh.. My... Gosh. Best $10 lunch option in the area. SO GOOD. Seriously i'm hooked. The bread was fresh baked, light n fluffy. The sauce that came with the breaded tofu was incredible. even the "refried" beans had a great flavor, nothing too spicey and enough food for leftovers!!.' Not thrilled about the Styrofoam packaging for "to go" meals but oh well.
One of the best vegetarian places I've been too. Great deal for the amount of food you get. Friendly staff.
So delicious and totally affordable! You can get a "complete meal" for only $10 and it's a lot of amazing food! This place feels so communal, you sit at open tables with strangers in a cafeteria like setting. The servers are so friendly. My new favorite spot. I will have to go back and try a $1 cookie!
I love their lunch,  it is always tasty, the eggplant parm is really good.  Another plus is the free juice. I definitely recommend,  and it is healthy
Not the type of place you would expect in the heart of Brooklyn, but surprisingly one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. They offer cafeteria style dining, nestled in the basement of a Hare Krishna Temple. The space is very peaceful, and the people working are especially kind. The food is out of this world - all vegan or vegetarian - with a changing daily menu. I've been here many times and I've never been disappointed. The portions are generous and all for around $6-$8. Give it a try, you will be hooked!
I've been on the lookout for exotic spots around the city to eat. I enjoy diversifying my plate and seeing what different cultures concoct to satisfy that same feeling located in the abdomen all around the world. I heard about Govinda's and decided to check it out. I must say the photos didn't do this place justice. I first entered the Hare Krishna temple (where Govinda's is located) and was greeted by a "Namaste" from a kind woman. Before I could even smile at the authenticity of her kindness, they asked if I were there for lunch and politely pointed towards the staircase leading to the basement. I thanked them and went on my way. As I conquered the steps, I glided into the destination and behold - Indian music (for lack of a better term) hummed in the background, large round tables littered the area, and a small kitchen was set up on the far right side. I inhaled and immediately knew I was getting my money's worth. One dish I recommend getting is this hot salad made with cauliflower, green beans, kale, potatoes, and more, all sautéed with spices, including tumeric. They even serve free mango lemonade (with no added sugar) along with your dish. This is a great place to go for a date, lunch on the go, or just to relax from the heat. It's a wonderful experience for anyone wishing to escape the bustling streets of New York and enjoy some vegan/vegetarian grub. Go there often enough and you might catch me chowing down too.
Great find thanks to Yelp! Completely unexpected place to eat, hidden underground of a Hindu temple. They serve very good quality vegetarian food in nice quantities and pretty cheap! It is $7 for 3 items, $8 for 4 and 10 for a complete meal. I was full with 3 items and the free bread ! Also the people serving are very welcoming. Lots of space and cosy feeling. Very relaxing oriental/Asian music.  I highly recommend !!
I really can't say it better then garret (see bellow) so ill keep it short. Great food. Great people. Great vibes. All at a great price. I really love the Enviroment tucked away like a hidden gem. The large tables allow you to connect with others without any pressure. There are also smaller tables for a more intimate lunch. The food. The food might blow your mind. Layers of flavors in every bite wakes up your palate in the best way possible.
The best vegetarian/vegan Indian food you'll find for your money...PERIOD! This place has a rotating daily buffet menu with dishes like potato aloo gobi, spinach daal, split pea soup, fresh rosemary breads, and vegetable samosas. For $6 you can lunch till you heart's content. Don't forget to try their delicious mango lemonade.Cash-only cafeteria-style dining with a very friendly cross-section of Brooklyn office workers, locals, and parishoners. Did I mention it's in the basement of a Hare Krishna temple? AMAZING. Just found my new go-to lunch spot!
Great vegetarian cuisine for cheap. You get so much food for $7. I was full for the day.It's like a cafeteria, when you go to the counter, order three items, then enjoy. The lassi tasted very freshFpr beginners: They only sell lunch, and the place is inside a Krishna temple and u have to go downstairs once you get into the temple
Its the best me and wife ever had in NY, hands down. The flavor of the food is so nourishing to the soul.
Came here, got the eggplant, thought I died and went to heaven. Even the bread they serve on the side is amazing. A huge serving of healthy (can food this good really be healthy?!), delicious, fresh food for seven to ten bucks. 'Nuff said.If this is the kind of food they serve on the regular at a Hare Krishna temple, I might need to look into converting.
This place is AMAZING!!! The food is GREAT!! The prices are fantastic!! The staff is AWESOME!!! I had water, two salads, soup and a full meal for $11 and they have free juice in a cup if you drink juice. So yummy!! I had the cheesecake...OMG..yummers!! The guy told me that the "crust" is made from cupcakes. DELICIOUS!!
I was so happy when I had to work out of the Brooklyn office for a few months: I came to Govinda's for lunch at least twice a week. The cafeteria is located in the basement of the Hare Krishna temple, which is on a can-be-desolate stretch of Schermerhorn next to some government (social security) buildings. The menu changes daily, but you can get deliciously full for $6-8, $10 if you want lunch and a snack later. I had it down to the eggplant parm and a slice of cheesecake. (Really, I could get a whole tray of that eggplant parm.) The service can be slow because it's usually just one person and the serving sizes vary (I WANT CORNERS ALL THE CORNERS) but it's a low-key kind of place, with communal tables and a bus-your-trays policy. There is complimentary water (sometimes cucumber water) and special teas (hibiscus, etc.) by the napkins  cutlery.
I can definitely say Govinda's offers the best vegan Indian food in Brooklyn.*  $6-$8 will fill your hungry lunchtime belly to the bursting point with creative, homemade Indian dishes that change daily.  Everything is served cafeteria style by a sweet, smiley lady.Entrees range from nut "meat" loaf, chana masala, quinoa salad, lentil daal, vegan eggplant parmesan, curried kale, etc.  The slices of raisin bread they serve are free and go great with the daal.  They also have free mango lemonade for all customers, but it usually runs out by around 3pm.  The lunch buffet is open until 3:30pm on weekdays only.Govinda's makes food that my grandma would make if she were Indian.  It tastes so homemade, unique, and infused with thought, love, and care. I would love to meet the head chef and thank him for creating such unique Indian dishes that are delicious and always perfectly spiced.Thank you, Govinda's, for giving me a lunch option other than Two Bros or Subway!*In Manhattan, that title goes to the NY Dosa cart near NYU.  Thiru (the cart owner and chef) is the man!
Came here one time over a year ago for lunch with a friend. It was a bit hard to find cause its in the basement of a Buddhist temple but I loved the down-to-earth, no frills vibe of the place.To order: Walk up to the cafeteria-style counter. Tell the dude how many items you want. Pick and choose your items. He'll place your food in a Styrofoam tray. You pay and then, you're good to go. Make sure to get the free spicy pickled veggies near the cash register. They also have complimentary water and  some type of sugary drink in self-serve orange containers. Love the perfectly fluffy texture of their jasmine rice. And the fake meatloaf. Good quality vegetarian food near downtown Brooklyn.
There's not much more to say - all of the previous reviews seem to be spot on. The food was good, and you really can't beat the price! Remember, this is not fine dining and there is no table service, but it is fairly nice for what it is (a basement cafeteria).I recommend going with someone who you can share with. For 10 bucks you can get some of everything, but it is far too much food for one person to eat. My girlfriend and I shared the 10 dollar deal and still had leftovers to take home.Love the unlimited iced tea/juice (though as noted, it runs out towards the end of the afternoon, so come before 2pm to ensure it is truly unlimited).Cash only.They have take out containers.
I come here at least every other week for lunch. We always get the $10 meal and either share or if we're really hungry have our own as our food for the day! As a vegetarian it's really hard to find places like this that serve up great filling food but you can always count on the krishnas to do the trick for ya!! I love the katchoris that they make on some days and the samosas are awesome!!! Everything is so fresh and the menu changes daily so you don't know what you're getting really until you show up! They make a mean mean eggplant parmesan!!!! So yummy so happy whenever we go!
Go Govinda's!! Go Go Govinda's!! I enjoy meat as much as the next person, maybe even more if you read my BarBacon review, but this place knocks my socks off consistently.  It's conveniently located next to my office and I have come to enjoy my lunches there.  The food is all vegan or vegetarian, flavorful and delicious.If you need clean eats in the downtown Brooklyn neighborhood, then go here.  It's only open Monday through Friday noon to 3:30 pm, so get it while the gettings good.  Thursday is a good day to go if you like Eggplant parmigiana.  The rest of the time the menu is littered with Indian inspired vegetarian fare, fresh salads, soups and desserts.  Don't sleep on the cookies they are fantastic and vegan.
Hard to find is an understatement. It's not any food place around the area that I've been to before. It felt like walking into a church rectory. But the food!? YES! Very authentic, best and tastey vegetarian place in Downtown Brooklyn area. This will definitly going to be in my lunch rotation. Ok I'll will be selfish and tell everyone to stay away!
My friend urged me to go for lunch with her to this hard-to-spot place. There was no sign out in the front. Once you go into the building, you go downstairs to the basement. It's a cafeteria style - you choose what you want. They had a very nice vegetarian meal - Vegetarian Lasagna, Quinoa Salad, Warm Zucchini Salad, cupcake, cheesecake, and bread. My meal was only $6 for 2 selections. If you are a vegetarian, this is the place to eat. It was delicious!Govinda's is open Monday thru Friday during lunch time only. Check out the daily menu on facebook facebook.com/govindaslun…
I have no idea how this restaurant is because I couldn't find it!!  After walking up and down the block at least half a dozen times, I gave up.  Is it closed?  I have no idea.  They really should get better signage.  I was with a friend and she couldn't find it either.  We gave up and ate somewhere else.
Delicious cheap vegetarian food in the basement of a hare krishna temple? Yes, please! The food isn't wildly creative or super crave-able but it isn't about that. It's about the fact that it is copious, cheap, and healthy. This is the kind of meal that clears your head and gives you energy for the rest of your day.My boyfriend and I shared a $10 plate and both left full. Physically and spiritually.
Govinda's is a rare vegan treat.  We had been to the temple in Queens and also ate cafeteria style in the basement.   You could miss the building aisle as it does not look like a temple from the outside.Today the food was delicious.  We had baked winter squash, cartelized in the oven with light curry flavors.  The soup, a smooth lentil soup with small cumin seeds was delicious and light. We also had a mixture of rice, lentils and other vegetables with an amazing herbed yogurt sauce.  The green beans and potato curry was a little spicier than the other curries and richly seasoned. The salad was fresh with slivers of carrots and a variety of mixed greens in a wonderful herb vinaigrette.  It was all topped off by a fresh mont tea.Two of had lunch for $16.  They charge by the dish and it gets cheaper and cheaper as you add dishes.  So go hungry.  You won't miss the meat!Namaste!
Don't even want to tell you guys about this, the line gets longer every time I go! My office goes wild on Thursdays aka Eggplant Day. The quinoa, salad dressing, and bread alone are worth the trip. Follow them on Facebook to find out the daily specials. Govinda's not quite as cheap as the basement-of-a-temple stylings might make you think, but the delicious food will have you ready to convert.
Amazing! Cheap. Great Lunch Place. So wonderful. Good people, good hearts. And in a perfect location. Made my visit amazing. For sure going to come back! Remember it is cash only!
For less than $10, the best and filling vegetarian meal.  Specifically: - Tofu Patty with Green Sauce- Nutloaf- Sauteed Kale- Quinoa - Dahl All very tasty and excellent!
A healthy island in a sea of pizza and fried food.  Cheap vegetarian food, pretty good. Friendly folks running the place.
I'm a huge fan of eating here! Very fairly priced, friendly service, and incredible vegetarian food. I've heard that food made by loving hands, surrounded by those in pursuit of a higher cause, passes a positive loving energy forward to those who consume it. And that's how I feel about eating at places like this. The love and generosity would be enough. But then you get a delicious meal as well. So I will be coming back again and again and again. Thank you Govinda's!
Great place, and great alternative atmosphere to the pretentious places popping up all over the place along with the new skyscrapers. Staff and food are excellent, even the free side of bread is great. Hearty meal for $7, or really stuff your face for $10 and spicy aromatic food that I could eat every day. Nice big tables for groups, and the line isn't that long after the intiall 12-12:30 rush.
Just do it. Seriously. This place is wonderful. Walk down the flight of stairs and pay  $10 cash for a heaping plate of yummies, bread, soup and salad. Trust me you'll leave full and happy!
Great vegetarian food in a long long time. Their food speaks for itself. Right from the chutneys ,refreshing salads and lemonade to the pickle *amazing pickle* . Absolutely pure and home -like cooked meals. A tray full of real good and healthy vegetarian meal in not more than $10! Must visit!
Great food  friendly staff. A lot of vegetarian options here  it's like home made food. It ll be hard to find another place like this ! Highly recommended !
First time going - Great food for a great price!! Anytime i see asparagus soup I am going! It was so delicious! I will be returning very soon!
Finally got to eat at Govinda's 2 weeks ago. The food is absolutely delicious! Food and served with smiles and lots of positive energy. All of the food is so good. Not a full vegetarian yet, but this little gem of good freshly prepared daily main courses, scrupcious desserts and VERY healthy portions at reasonable prices, makes Govinda's the hidden treasure of downtown Brooklyn for a "timeout", no cell phone activity allowed, and good food. We have been there twice, and plan to make Thursday (eggplant parmesian day) our regular Thursday meal eatery.
Govinda's isn't swank or fancy. It doesn't try to be something it's not. It's a simple restaurant located on the bottom floor of Brooklyn's Hare Krishna temple that caters to locals who live/work in the area and who want something fast, healthy and easy on the wallet. Open weekdays from 12:00 - 15:00, Govinda's Kitchen offers a rotating menu of Indian-inspired vegetarian and vegan options including soups, warm/cold salads, breads and desserts. It is, by far, the best value for money within a 5 km radius of Schermerhorn. Don't read more about it, just head over there. Now.Want Bang for your Buck? Try the Buffet at Govinda's Kitchen: fortheintolerants.com/?p…
Our office is temporarily stationed in downtown Brooklyn, and most of our staff has been going to Govinda's just about daily. We kind of can't stop -- it's incredibly delicious, wholesome, almost entirely vegan, and just plain great. While there last week, a man on line said, "This used to be a best kept secret. Now I hear it's on Yelp!"
Well spiced and cooked food in the basement of the Hare Krishna Center. Served cafeteria style (small scale). Very reasonably priced and large portions. I had a wonderful squash, coconut milk sweet potato soup, black eyed pea curry. All great. The day that I went everything was vegan except for the yogurt sauce, I think this includes the baked goods but I'm not positive.
Tucked away in the basement of a Hare Krishna temple is Govinda's Kitchen, a vegetarian cafeteria of sorts with amazing food! Who knew? I made my way through the line where there was one person serving from a buffet and you have your choice of as many (or all of the items) that you like. I opted for the four item plate (I wanted to try as much as possible!) and got the tofu steak, eggplant/potatoes/peas stew, cucumber salad and baked beans. I also got a samosa and an oat chocolate chip walnut cookie all for $11. I got my items to go just in case I couldn't finish it all (I suggest you do the same, the portions are large) and had a seat at one of the big round tables in the center. They have a couple chutneys on utensil table, and me being the big fan of condiments, got both to try as well. I was ready for my feast.  Boy was it a feast. Who knew vegetarian food could be so filling and tasty! I started with the tofu steak which was lightly coated in a seasoned breading and slightly bland, but with the green sauce and the tamarind chutney it added just enough flavor to it. The eggplant/potato/pea stew was thick and hearty as was the baked beans and also went nicely with the sweet tamarind chutney. The cucumber salad was refreshing but a bit on the bland side as well and could use a bit of salt or acid, but was nice to cut all the richness of the other sides. The cranberry bread was super tasty though and very soft and pillowy just like I like it. The samosa was probably one of the best I had. It wasn't greasy at all and the filling and pastry were both nicely seasoned and light. Finally that oat chocolate chip walnut cookie was the perfect sweet and chewy end to the meal. Suffice to say, I couldn't finish all of that in one sitting and it was definitely at least 2-3 meals worth! They definitely don't skimp on portions. I was fully stuffed and had plenty to bring back to work to snack on for the rest of the day. Great meal, great price and though the cafeteria style setting isn't the nicest ambiance, it is a relaxing space and a nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of Downtown Brooklyn. I will be back.
The cheesecakes are smashing - wayyyyyyyyyy better than Junior's. The eggplant parm is a must and the drinks that are included in the meal are some special infused water and mango something. Go. Get the complete meal and eat leftovers later.its alot of food to eat all at once and not get stuffed.
This place's food is DELICIOUS! I ate like a pig and didn't break my wallet. Everything tasted very fresh and was very well-prepared. The eggplant parm was amazing. The Indian options were great too, and extremely flavorful. The line can get long, but moves pretty quickly. The seating area is just like my high school cafeteria, except the tables are round instead of rectangular. There are a few smaller, rectangular tables for small groups or folks dining solo. I will return!
This place is the absolute worse!!! A big J.K.  It's actually the best.  Everything is amazing.  I'm actually ok waiting on the semi long line here (lunchtime).  It's so peaceful.  It's located inside the temple.  If you don't know or can't find it, sucks to be you.  o.k. o.k., it's in the basement of the temple, between Nevins and Bond St.  Great service, No embellishing, the cheesecake is comparable to Junior's.  No, no, it's actually better, lighter, not to sweet just amazing.  Get two, you will thank you me. Peps say it's a hidden gem, it truly truly is.  This is my go to spot for delicious vegetarian food.  Look, their menu changes, believe me, everything is divine.  The lasagna is fabulous, our office fights over the bread, cauliflower and especially the cheesecake.  Oh, CASH only, no ATMs.
Best cheap lunch around.Govinda's is my go to for lunch in the neighborhood. Service is food hall style in the basement of a Buddhist temple. If you are looking for vegan food make sure you ask. Some items are vegetarian. The khofta balls are the my favorite. There is also always a good beet salad.
Not just hype! I read the reviews and was excited to find a vegan spot to add to my lunch options. Govinda's lives up to the reviews here and I am now a fan! All of the food is cooked and served with love, there's peaceful vibe downstairs, and the cupcake I had was AMAZING!!
Food is incredible, portions are great, and the people are kind. You can't beat this wholesome vegetarian restaurant in the basement of a temple.
I'm not vegetarian.  This place is delicious, and switches up their menu offerings frequently... keeping it fresh!  They have a basic cafeteria setup, where you choose a few items from some heated trays and they slop into a styrofoam container onto a plate.  No frills.  Just great food.Watch out, some weekday lunches get really crowded
Went for the first time the other day, it was good but I didnt think it was spectacular like most of the reviews. I am not a vegetarian but I can appreciate non meat meals. The people were really nice and the cafeteria seating was plentiful.  I couldn't have the eggplant lasagna everyone raved about because I can't have dairy. I will try it again though. Huge portions+++
Perfect in all ways, as long as you're okay with eating in a basement. Food is excellent vegetarian, fresh and delicious. Staff is friendly. Price is RIGHT. I am addicted to the lentil soup and samosa, with free mint lemonade. Best deal, however, is the $10 giant lunch box, with soup and salad and all the dishes of the day. If you get it to go, you can stretch it to dinner easily. One of my favorite places in NYC. Btw, you cannot see any signs from the street, so just enter the temple and go downstairs, following the sign for "banquet."
Lunch options near long island university are pretty weak and likely to lead to an early grave.  Stumbled on this place today and had to check it out.  Everything I had was delicious, fresh, and healthy.  You can get three vegetarian dishes for seven dollars and the portions are huge.  They also give you complementary bread that they bake fresh daily. The people who work there are really friendly and helpful.
This vegetarian kitchen, located in the dim basement of the Hare Krishna temple, is an oasis in a nightmarish desert of delis and fast food joints.  Govinda's offers flavorful and creative vegetarian dishes and soups, samosas and vegan cookies and cakes.  I lunched at Govinda's almost every day during my two weeks of jury duty and I think back fondly on that time (unfortunately they are only open during the weekdays).For $5, you get your pick of three items from among the vegetarian fare on offer for the day, two slices of fresh-baked bread and as many Indian pickles (sour mangos!) as you can stand.  The menu rotates.  Some of the dishes that I remember tasting include palak paneer, gobi masala, aloo gobi, baked tofu and karela melon.  On Thursdays I think they serve eggplant parmesan - take a look at the board outside the entrance.The people are friendly and the food screams healthiness.  This place is a treasure.
I have eaten at Govinda's several times and as was written in all the other reviews, this is one of the best values in New York City!  The food is flavorful and their fresh bread is amazing!  Also the people at Govinda's are very friendly and do not try to proselytize you while you are eating.One warning. Their basement is not air conditioned, so it can get quite uncomfortable in the summer. But at any other time this is a find not to be missed!
Solid, tasty fare and good sized portions. Great value! We all need to support places like this.
Delicious food at reasonable prices, and you feel like you are "in the know." My only complaint is I wish they were open for dinner!
Can't say enough good things about Govinda's.  Contrary to some reviewers, I actually love the ambiance.  There's beautiful, mellow music and a flower floating in a vase on each table.  The walls are a vibrant shade of teal.  Everyone I bring here loves it and the value can't be beat.  My top spot in Brooklyn.
$10 tray of food fed 2 adults and a toddler!! Solid Indian food everytime we visit. No elevator so we had to carry stroller downstairs.
Thursdays is Eggplant Parm and Quinoa Salad.  I go every Thursday because it's absolutely delicious.Don't get scared off that it's in a temple.  It's just a cafeteria downstairs, you don't have to deal with anything regarding the Harekrisna church.
When you realize where the door is to this place (I can't remember if it's push or pull) but do both just in case. Then go downstairs and into the cafeteria. There you will find a very nice, very attractive lady who will explain everything on the menu to you in a soothing, appetite-building voice. At least I did, and if you don't then I'm sorry. Besides all that, the food is great, all vegan, minimal soy or other fake vegan crap and you can tell it was made with care...maybe not love, but definitely care. The place is chill with a few older folks, veteran-like. It was dimly lit and relaxed. A great place to meet a friend for lunch and good conversation. I certainly will be returning.
So cool! I love the vibe down in the basement! Everyone seems like a regular, asking the chef how she's doing, recipe advice, how to pronounce things. The rice and chick peas are delicious. I want to try the soups next time. I asked about the veggies and she made a joke about how they were just roasted veggies and not Indian at all. That's cool with me! The price cannot be beat. Make sure to grab some of the sesame carrot chutney (?) at the end of the line. Spicy and delicious.
this is the best food in this neighborhood. I've been coming here for years and never have I been disappointed (except when they run out of something cuz like cmonnn I love it and I'm hungry, y'all).Their breaded tofu cutlets with this amazing sauce, mmm legit salivated at the moment. The price is oh so right, I'd like them to cater my event aka my lunch everyday. I'm not a vegetarian and this place still rules. I love the cafeteria/bowling alley/skating rink atmosphere and the awesomely diverse group of folks who eat here. You walk up to the line and ask the nice lady what they've got today and pick your poison. You literally can't go wrong. Straight up, its 7pm and I'm already planning my day tomorrow around going to get lunch here. Walk in through the door and down the stairs and you won't get hare krishna'd. (jk these folks are very giving and sweet).
Really surprising find. Upon first glace, it was just an open room with a lady standing behind a makeshift buffet serving food. However, once served, the weird atmosphere was redeemed by the food. Not what I expected at all but was cheap and delicious.
For vegetarian food this place is not bad.  Go for meatless Mondays!
Good, cheap,  healthy for body  soul. The good is not of you're looking for authentic indian fare, the spices are a bit dulled to accommodate the mostly non Indian patrons. Still it's good, and everything is made there including the bread 3 food choices  a slice of the amazingly delicious raspberry lemon cheesecake ran me $10.  I had to pack a to go bag. The meals are set at $3, $5, $7,  $10 comes with fresh baked bread, chutneys, lemonade on tap or water. And the service is friendly.
You will not eat in a more unique setting tharn Govinda's.  Tasty (not overtly spicy/indigenously Indian) vegan fare in essentialy what feels like a church meeting hall (it's a former municipal building that is now a temple) but the veggies, beans and starches are out of this world.  NOT FANCY! but super original
The food is strictly okay. It might appeal to the palate of westerners but for Indian who have grown up on spicy and flavorful food, this will be a definite let-down.I wasnt expecting great things with the place since its in the basement of the Hare Rama Hare Krishna temple. The place was pretty neat and clean and quiet enough to enjoy your lunch. The price is right and the woman serving the food is polite. The food is not bad, but I am pretty sure the people who have grown up on the real Indian food, will not like it.
What a deal! $10 gets you a huge plate of everything including salad and soup. We have eaten at the one in Hawaii and in LA and this is by far the best!
Absolutely great value. You have choices of $3, $5 and $8.  All depends on how hungry you are.  The portions are very generous and the food is always fresh.I absolutely recommend the Quinoa salad.  It's served cold with cherry tomatoes and chopped parsley.
I usually don't go for the vegan restaurant over anything else around but for Govinda's Kitchen i have to make an exception. This food is spectacular, cheap, and will leave you satisfied. It is conveniently located in the basement of a downtown Brooklyn Hare Krishna temple. Transportation all around, and good vibes in the place. Its cafeteria style and the menu changes all the time, but no matter what is on deck it is delicious. If I have one gripe, its that the hours are hard to catch.
A rare place this is. Not many places you can get a big selection of vegies on the same plate. All flavored different. Very inexpensive. A very relaxed peaceful place to eat. No one pushes religion. All around good vibe. Warning their is no Air conditioning. Too hot for me on the hotter summer days. Menu changes everyday. You can go on facebook to  see the days menu. We love their different style of cheesecake. Our favorites are the broccoli with sweet potatoes  the tofu sticks. The only problem with the food I find is that the eggplant  potatoes often come out to salty for me. That's not a big problem. Their is still always plenty to eat. Govinda's is a vegetarians delight.
I've been to Govindas all over the world, but didn't know this place existed a few blocks from my workplace until Yelp featured it in an e-mail on Brooklyn vegetarian choices this week.Open only a few hours at lunchtime, and from the chat there, not every day--so call ahead--Govindas is basically a lunchroom with counter service of a limited menu of delicious vegetarian food, some of which is vegan.  I had a delicious mixed vegetable dish, rice, a green salad and a lentil salad.  With bread and "juice", I spent $8.I wish their promotion were a little better--I'm sure I'm not the last Brooklyn vegan to learn about this place!
Having just started working in the area, I have been looking for healthy  cheap options for lunch. So when one of my co-workers kept raving about the tofu filets at Govinda's, I had to check it out. She was right to rave - the food here is excellently and lovingly prepared. I have been twice, both times on a Tuesday when they do the tofu filets (which ARE delicious btw) and they give you a tasty little sauce to dip them in if you like. The sides I have tried so far were a mix of zucchini, brocolli and peppers, cabbage  potatoes, kale and eggplant  potatoes. All of them were great. For $7 they give you a lunch that will satisfy but not leave you in a coma at your desk!
Unreal food. Unreal price. Don't miss out. The kofta was my favorite. $7 gets you three sides (you could easily save half for dinner) and $10 gets you everything they're serving that day (which could EASILY be saved for dinner AND the next day's lunch). They didn't start serving exactly at 12:00 PM the day that I went-- more like 12:15. But still plan to get there early because there was quite a line-- with good reason!
I say 5 stars because every time I eat here I feel satisfied and happy... What more can a person ask for? Good food and good karma!
Those of you'll who go "tsk tsk" at us vegetarians should go to this place..:P  I was in the area, I was terribly hungry and a quick yelp later decided to try this place. By the time I got there it was just a little past their mentioned lunch hour, and I was pretty sure I was going to go back empty stomach! How wrong I was, the gentleman at the reception ( it is housed at the Hare krishna temple) was so friendly and showed me the way to the lunch hall and also spoke to the people there to rustle up a meal for me( just me!). The food was unlike anything I've eaten before. It was simple, delicious, cheap and healthy - bean sprout salad, dal, fresh salad, roasted vegetables all served up with bread in a little plate. I ate a hearty meal and while I walked out oatmeal cookie in hand, I still couldn't make up my mind about what was better - the food or the people that serve it. *wipes tear* :D
GO! As a recent work transplant to Downtown Brooklyn I've quickly learned that options for a healthy (and sanitary) lunch are hard to come by. Govinda's Kitchen is both of those things. The menu rotates daily, but seems to be consistent weekly. I've gone on two different Thursdays and gotten the eggplant bake--it's delicious! I also love their samosas and the dipping sauce they have at the end of the hot line. Free lemonde as well! Bring cash as they don't take cards.
An oasis!At last a healthy, affordable and delicious 100% veggie and vegan lunch spot in this area!!! If anyone knows this section of Brooklyn it is a strange juncture off Flatbush and Nevin's where the healthiest things to eat are fried foods and soda - a veritable wasteland.  Located in the lower level of the Hare Krsna temple, $8.00 gets you a complete lunch which includes a featured entree like baked ziti for example and a vegan choice like tofu in a cashew sauce, rice, soup of the day, two choices of vegetables, a salad, and a slice of fresh baked bread. The tea is complimentary.  Extras are samosas, a pastry like triangle stuffed with potatoes and peas, kachoris stuffed with peas and chana dhal and cake which range in price somewhere between $2.00 and $5.00 an item.  The only downside is that they are only open for lunch :( Hours from 11:30 am to 3 pm  Monday through Friday. Cash only. Take away or sit down.
I went here for the first time based on the amazing Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint! What an amazing deal for a delicious, healthy lunch in Downtown Brooklyn. This is my new weekday lunch spot.
veggie dishes that leave you feeling full and satisfied. kale n' sweet potato, curried grilled veggies, chilis and lentils. best home made raisin bread i've ever had.  overall: simple in a good way, perfectly seasoned, and great value. oh and it's in the basement if a Hindu temple! So, you know, cool hipster bragging rights there...
