I had seen this place on Instagram a few times and had been interested ever since. I was in the city and since my bf and I had some time to kill in the city one Sunday, we decided to stop in Chelsea market for an afternoon lunch-- I made a bee-line to VFN. When I arrived, there were about 7-9 people in front of me in line, so I had plenty of time to look over their very modest menu. There are only a handful of options as they specialize in the fresh noodles (duh). The set up is very, very quaint-- one guy making and hand pulled the noodles, one girl assembling the bowls, another guy taking orders, and another girl cleaning dishes. With that said, the wait time was quite long. Though there weren't many ppl in front of me to order, there were a lot of ppl in front of me waiting on their food, so I wound up waiting about 20-25 mins for my food. I ordered the dry cumin noodles with beef. Nice size, definitely more expensive than it would be in somewhere like Chinatown, but hey, it's Chelsea. The noodles were chewy and the sauce was well developed. I asked for spicy and it wasn't but it wasn't a deal breaker. If you go here, be prepared to wait!
Yes, this place is popular and hyped.My friends and I came here on a late Saturday afternoon and we were informed it would take a 45 minute wait to get our food due to them being backed up. We decided to stay because my friend insisted it'd be worth it.About an hour passed and we FINALLY got our food. We got the cumin lamb noodle, spicy beef noodle, and vegan noodle.Since we were hella hungry, the first few bites had us like OMGGGG SO GOOOD. After awhile though, we realized the noodles were too heavy with too much oil. The noodles itself were fresh and thick but a little hard to eat because it was extremely long. The lamb and beef pieces were good. Essentially my problem was with the broth LOL. Too heavy, too thick, and too oily that it sort of ruined the noodles for me. Also, prices were about $13-14 per bowl so it's not cheap. I probably won't be back here as there are other fresh noodle places to find in NY!
So happy and thankful for this joint that is a great representation of what fresh, spicy Asian noodles should be! Worthy of the long line, the noodles are freshly made, thick width- wise and al dente. They remind me of "mee hoon kueh" in Singapore. Great generous portions of beef and veg with salted vegetables and spices to oomph up your day. The broth is rich and savory albeit a tad oily. This standing-only joint allows you to slurp the spicy noodles while watching how your bowl of savory goodness was made through the glass panels. The soy bean drink is not the traditional Chinese one - too sweet and taste like the kind from the supermarket. Glass jelly drink sends me right back to childhood in Singapore (yay Yeo's!) Definitely be back! (And with out of town friends/ parents no less!)
Is there such a thing as too much hype? Can something be very fresh? Apparently so, because there always seems to be a line at Very Fresh Noodles. We aren't talking Supreme-like wait times but it makes sense because everything is made-to-order. There's someone constantly cutting, kneading and stretching the noodles. The noodles are less chewier than Xi'an's Famous Foods. The broth is rich and complex.  The marvelous pieces of braised beef puts this beef noodle soup above many others. The cubes of meat are luscious and will fall apart in your mouth without much chewing.
I was so excited to try this place after seeing them being featured on INSIDER. As a lover of noodles, I thought I would fall in love with this place... but I was disappointed. The noodles themselves were too soft for my liking and average in taste. The best part about this bowl was the broth and meat. Those were very flavorful and tasty but for a place called "Very Fresh Noodles," I expected better.
The first thing that I did when I got to New York was frantically search for the best places to get hand pulled noodles. I came across Very Fresh Noodles inside Chelsea Market and lucky for me, there was no line. I've heard that this place can get very crowded during lunch hours so I would recommend either coming here earlier or later during the day (I went for dinner and there was no line).I ordered the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup and chose the "spicy" option. It definitely was not as spicy as I expected...Nevertheless, it was delicious! The noodles were perfectly firm and had a nice chew to them with every bite. The beef was also nicely cooked and fell apart in your mouth--so soft!I dreamed of these noodles days after I ate them. If I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely be returning to Very Fresh Noodles.
The beef noodle soup is good I guess, but not really "Taiwanese" noodle soup.Very flavorful the soup base is almost a bit too think/heavy.Noodle is good, beef was very tender too, melted in my mouth!But $14 for a bowl of noodle soup? Not sure if it's worth it.This stand literally is the most popular one in Chelsea market (other than Lobster Place) on a Friday night all other stand was empty but this one has a long line!
-thick chewy-ish noodles-they were out of beef early on a Friday evening-tingly cumin lamb was barely spicy-lamb was a little dry (but no gamey odor)-almost no seating, like most places in Chelsea marketI came here with two friends, and we all got the tingly cumin lamb as they were out of beef and only had three noodle options on the menu. It was much less spicy than the noodles at Xian famous foods (the obvious comparison I guess, though those aren't exactly authentic - Xian's noodles are also thinner) but overall it was still fine. It was quite busy and we waited about ten minutes for our order. The guy taking orders was super personable and friendly - I was very impressed. The highlight of this experience was probably when someone asked if they had gluten free options and he responded "no, we love our gluten here." A close second was when a kid asked if they had just noodles with nothing else added and he replied "no, that wouldn't taste very good."Previously (well over a year) ago I'd been here once gotten the vegan duck one and I have a vague recollection of it being too salty and/or oily and not wanting to get it again, but I liked the noodles and remember them being better on my first visit. The menu also doesn't seem to have expanded since then, but their popularity definitely has!
Went for lunch around noon on a Friday. Staff was friendly. The cashier was patient with us as my friend and I asked questions about the menu. He also made recommendations. I ended up with the Tingly Lamb. Dry, not the soup. I was a bit nervous b/c one of the ingredients of the dish is sichuan peppercorn. Last year I had the unfortunate experience of biting down on a whole one. If every you've done this, you know the taste and sensation is one that you can't forget. But, I was presently surprised with VF's Tingly lamb dish. Flavor: The flavor was WONDERFUL - very complex. A lot going on, but it all melds together for a party in your mouth.Spice level: Mild in terms of heat. Very spicy in terms of actual spices/herbs.Noodles: Perfect. Soft, chewy. LONGGG lol.Sauce: Pretty oily, but that's what type of dish this is. There spice-driven sauce is plentiful and coats every part of the dish... yaaassss.Lamb: Plentiful -- they don't skimp at all Tender, flavorful. I love that it is also seasoned and not just thrown in plain.Veggies: A decent amount. Crunch, fresh. Added a nice contrast to all the spices.Why not 5 stars? My dish was warm-ish when I received it. Not hot. Which is odd, because I watched them make it fresh and there was hardly a wait. Hopefully next time it'll be hotter!
Very Fresh NoodlesVery Very GoodVery Very Very Longgg LineJust as the place name says here literally (and fortunately), the noodle quality reflects just that. My tingly cumin beef noodle is really freshly made & cooked a la minute, topped with generous meat portions and served with lots of aromatic vegetables.  Perfectly chewy, meaty and savory - just how I liked my noodle cooked. Yet, unfortunately just like any other popular food place at NYC, great food will always translates to longgg lines. I probably waited around 45 mins+ at 1 PM Sunday just to get my own noodles and to finally appease my hunger for noodles.Worth the money? YesWorth the calory? YesWorth the wait? No..if you are in a rushNevertheless.. I will come back!
What a wonderful dish for those cold days in November! I tried the Vegan noodle option with the mock duck ($12) and was shocked at the quality of the broth and the freshness of the noodles. They give you the option of the level of heat that you want I just did regular and it still had a slight kick that added the extra umf to the dish! Located in the Chelsea market, I will definitely be returning real soon!
The Tingly Cumin Soup and Dan Dan Mian give me lifeeee. If there was more seating at Chelsea market I would probably go every other day in the Winter it's that good and comforting. The biggest win with VFN are the noodles. Every time I have gone, the noodles are cooked to perfection. The soup is also a lovely balance of sour, savory and spicy. The Dan Dan Mian is spicy but the addicting kind of spice. I really can't get enough. I think this place has beat xian famous foods in my book.
Who doesn't love a hearty bowl of Taiwanese beef noodle soup, especially when you get to watch your noodz get pulled and made right in front of you?! Amazing, I know. It's even better when it's in your belly. If you're in Chelsea Market, you should definitely come here. Even if you're not in Chelsea Market, you should come here anyways. If INSIDER food recommends it, that means it must be amazing. Very Fresh Noodles is a small stand tucked away on the side of Chelsea Market. It's a stand that's constantly buzzing with people around, trying to watch the noodz get stretched, smacked, pulled, and cooked before ending up perfectly QQ in your bowl of delicious soup. FOOD: Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup - I personally love a good bowl of hearty beef noodle soup, but it's hard to find it done right. The noodles aren't QQ enough or the broth isn't thick and flavorful enough or the beef isn't tender and chewy. However, this bowl of beef noodle soup is made just about perfectly. The bowl will set you back $14, but it's actually way more filling and hearty than it seems. The long wide noodle is literally never ending as you start on your bowl of soup, which is good because it's so fresh and a good consistency. The spicy version of the soup definitely has a good kick to it, so be prepared with some water. It also has a rich flavor of beef and spice and everything good in the world. I was most surprised about the beef because it was so tender and juicy and there was a lot of it compared to many other bowls of beef noodle soup I've had.TLDR: come here for some delicious soup with amazing noodles and lots of super tender beef chunks. it's definitely worth the $14 because you'll be full for many many hours after.
This place was my second choice when trying to decide what to have my last day in NY. I'm so glad I chose to eat here! The noodles are insanely delicious & buttery. They melt in your mouth. It's neat to watch everything being made at the glass. I got the cumin beef stew. It was very filling, I could only eat about half,  even though I really wanted to finish the entire thing! My only suggestion for this place would be to add bar stools at the window, since the broth is quite messy & it's kind of hard to stand & eat. But the food is so worth it!
Ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup - noodles had good chewy consistency, good portion of tender beef, lots of herbs and soup had a lot of good flavor without being too salty. A bit pricey at $14+ including tax. Super small set up in the back of Chelsea market. It's alway impressive how little space people need in NYC to run a food operation. There was no wait when I went on a Friday afternoon around 3pm but I've seen a long wait on the weekend before. It looks like they're building a bigger space right next door which will hopefully alleviate the wait time.
Tucked away in a dark low key corner within Chelsea Market, the taste of these noodles is nothing close to low key. I was actually incredibly impressed at how accurate the title of this place is in terms of the freshness of their noodles and how flavorful their broth and beef were. Definitely one of my favorite foods I ate in NY and I'm surprised this place doesn't have more and better reviews as it deserves.It's easy to pass this spot because it's not directly on the main walkway within Chelsea Market. It's more hidden on a random turn filled with other little restaurants and this is actually more of a food cart, so be aware and don't surpass this gem!! During our trip, we got the "la mei taiwanese beef noodle soup", which consists of hand-pulled noodles in beef soup with soft slow-braised beef, pickled greens, scallions, cilantro, and some chili oil. It was super cool because you can see the person literally stretching the noodles out and making them out of scratch. It was entertaining and just reassured me that these noodles are indeed very fresh. The noodles were soft, a lil' chewy, more on the thick side, and DELICIOUS all combined. Seriously, the slow-braised beef basically melts in your mouth and they give you a ton of it within the soup. The soup itself is more thick too and a bit oily, but sooooo delicious and hearty. Within this area, there's not a lot of seating opportunities, but we found some random high table to stand at to eat these noodles. Honestly though, this noodle soup is SO good, I wouldn't even care where I eat them... cause consuming them would just block out everything else. At that point, it's just me and the noodles... me being completely mesmerized. In addition to the great food, the dude at the cashier was extremely cool, accommodating, and definitely wanted us to have the best experience. Super friendly cashier dudes are always appreciated like no other!This place deserves way more credit! Loved everything about it.
Disappointed. Average noodles; nothing too special.I was super excited to try Very Fresh Noodles after seeing its feature on the INSIDER, but it was nothing like the video. First, the noodles are expensive for its quality. The items on the menu are very similar to the ones on Xi'an Famous Noodles, but at a couple more dollars expensive (I already think Xi'an can cut down a dollar or two). Second, it takes forever to get your food. Once you manage to the front of the line and order your food, you will have to wait quite a bit (I waited a little more than 20 minutes). The waiting area is very cramp and barely any places for seating. The only plus while waiting is that you can see the inside of the kitchen, but that gets old after awhile. Third, they seem to run out of their ingredients for their signature Tingly Cumin Lamb often. I passed by the shop a couple times before after eating it, and they had ran out.I don't see myself coming back to Very Fresh Noodles.-- taste / 3aesthetics / 3atmosphere / 3service / 2price for quality / 2OVERALL / 2.6
Tucked inside the already crowded Chelsea Market was this Very Fresh Noodles kiosk serving freshly pulled noodles with the tangy smell of beef and lamb all smother together (don't get me wrong, it smelled awesome). I was already sweating like a dog trying to find this place so getting a soup noodle was not ideal for me, so instead we went and got the Tingly Cumin Beef (dry noodle). I did not regret it at all, the dry noodle was still very saucy with the beef just swimming in the noodle, and omgee the beef was so tender that it almost melts in my mouth! The flavors were powerful but not intense, the spice was kicky but also not too much that I'll need to drink water after every bite. Definitely something worth trying/coming back for if you're in the area or maybe even not in the area!Please note as I mentioned above that this is a kiosk restaurant, so there's no chairs or tables there for you to eat. But you are at Chelsea Market so just walk around and look for somewhere you can chow down your noodles in peace.
I think I've just died and woke up in heaven !!! This is the BEST dan dan mian or any kinda noodle I've ever had in my brief foodie life. The taste, texture, flavor, spice, and combination of everything!! Halfway through eating my noodles, I discovered those roasted crunchy dry garlic thingy that adds so much more flavor and texture at the end!! Such hidden surprise ! I first came across this place on FB ads a couple months ago when they were doing the soft opening, and determined to trying it whenever I get a chance to come out this way for work. Last week I stayed at a hotel in mid-town and didn't make our way down this area, was very bummed! I'm 100% Taiwanese with family from northern china (山東）where they were known to be consuming lots dough (noodles, dumpling etc). I grew up eating a lot of authentic hand made / cut noodle in Taiwan and hardly ever met the match when I came to the US later on. I took the food elsewhere to eat as there were plenty of seatings everywhere at Chelsea market. I found a little corner and set my food down to worship with my camera first and sip the bliss of its presence. The first bite I took after mixing it up, literally brought me to tears. I tried taking my time to enjoy each bite but it was impossibly addictive! so I ended up ordering another one to go eat later at hotel, just so I won't leave with regrets XDTotally worth the 6 hour flight here today and 7 hour flight back home tomorrow! Glad I booked a hotel right by Chelsea market IN ORDER TO come to this place !
Located in Chelsea's Market; super small stall in the corner. The line to order is by the "kitchen" and there's another longer line afterwards to wait for the food. It is basically packed all day. They take orders quickly and say it's a 15-20 minute wait. We ordered at 6pm on a Sunday and it took almost 40 minutes. Small menu and costs ~ $13 for a bowl of noodles. Ordered the lamb noodles in soup. Definitely recommend in soup, not dry! Much more flavorful. Beef noodle soup is also a popular choice. There is a moderate or spicy level. The noodles are handpulled in front of you with a glass wall so you can watch. Very fresh! The noodles itself were delicious, chewy and not soggy. The soup was spicy and just the right amount of flavor. People compare it to Xian Famous Foods - its definitely spicier, has more of a kick and flavor in my opinion. This one is there and doesn't overwhelm as much. This place is also a bit pricier than Xian Famous Foods. Overall good experience but knocked down a star because of the extremely long wait and the price.
The only issue is that they don't have any seats :-(This is my go to lunch spot whenever I'm craving some authentic fresh noodles.They make the noodles right in front of you and the broth is just the right amount of spicy/fresh for me at mild.
I found a hidden gem in NYC. This place has hands down the best beef noodle soup I've had. The beef is so tender and the noodles are hand-pulled. 10/10 recommend
Man, if Indian flavors and Asian noodle soup made a baby... this would be it. Love the cumin lamb soup with a couple dashes of that spicy seasoning they have. The guys from the Bay Area know what's up!? Amazing.
I was really excited for a traditional bowl of Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup, but what I ended up getting was like a Xi-an Foods style bowl of noodles and it ended up being so disappointing.  I'm not saying it was bad, the beef noodle soup here was actually tasty, but as I said, it is seriously not Taiwanese, and I hate that it was labeled as such. For that, I have to give this place a thumbs down for setting my expectations for one thing and delivering something so different.
What a gem! A little noodle shop in the corner of Chelsea Market. I ordered the beef noodle soup and it was devine. The broth had a nice kick, the beef was tender and the noodles were super chewy. I love big hand pulled noodles and taking the time to knead it and pull always makes this labor intensive noodle extra delicious. It definitely didn't disappoint. Marking off one star just on price but it is definitely somewhere I'd pit stop next time I'm in NY.
My first time eating hand pulled noodles and I loved this place so much! Small kiosk in the back of Chelsea Market, and it looks like they're expanding inside the market which is great! The queue was pretty long, and there were already several people waiting for their orders. There were only three people working, with two chefs and one at the register, but all three of them were super friendly. They even offered us and other patrons free water/drinks for the long wait. I ordered the dry spicy cumin lamb noodles. The flavor was incredible; I loved the mixture of cumin, green onions and cilantro. The noodles were chewy, tender, and soaked up all of the flavor. The lamb was also tender, cooked really well, and delicious. The portion is huge and can probably be shared with another person. The only thing I wish I did was get the soup version instead the dry noodles that I ordered. Would've guarenteed even more flavor haha. I miss those noodles already and will probably dream about them on my bus ride back to Boston. I loved this place so much and would definitely go back on my next trip to NY!
Amazing!!! Its literally fresh!I've been coming here for over a year in between breaks at work, and this place never fails to impress me. The noodles are made fresh before your very eyes, and the beef/lamb is absolutely succulent. The staff there are super nice and work very well under pressure especially when the line is long, but its totally worth the wait. Totally a mouth watering experience, I am delighted to have discovered this awesome spot. Keep up the great work!!!
Great lunch spot if you work in the area. It kinda reminds me of Xi'an famous food, which I think is slightly better. But given how fast the service is and they do have someone doing small batch of hand-pulled noodles non-stop, I still give it a five. I came here twice already, once got the tingly beef noodle dry, and second time got the vegan noodle in soup. I actually like the soupy one better, the broth was very rich in flavor, and made the noodle slightly softer, which I like. I will definitely be back.
Don't go to their website it is hacked / malware. Otherwise noodles are good but not unusual, jacked up hipster prices.
Great dry beef noodle dish.  A lot of meat and spice!  I'm not a Taiwanese food specialist so I can't speak to the authenticity of the flavor, but it's better than some other Taiwanese noodle dishes around ny.  More meat, less oil, and fresh!
This place is amazing! I had the la mei beef noodle soup. The noodles were indeed very fresh and soft. The soup was extremely flavorful. If I compare it to Xi'an Famous Foods as many others have, I think it is better in the sense that Xi'an felt more oily and greasy and also the flavor was overpowering there. The noodles were not as soft/fresh there.
New dig inside Chelsea Market, which I've learned to avoid entirely on the weekends because of the impenetrable crowds. I really wanted to like Very Fresh Noodles because there aren't any similar offerings in the area, but after eating there several times I can only say that it was a-ok. By default, I got the cumin lamb noodles in soup. Because I'm all about that lamb, about that lamb, about that lamb. I found these things problematic right away:- Hand pulled noodles need to be worked on for a while to achieve the right consistency. The dude who made my noodles slapped it around maaaaybe three or four times before throwing it into the boiling water (biang, biang------the end). C'mon man! Unsurprisingly, the noodles weren't as chewy as I would have liked them to be. - Vinegar, splashed with a heavy hand, completely drowned out all the other flavors. - Cumin not cuminy enough. Yes, that's a word.In conclusion, Xian Famous Food: 1, Very Fresh: 0
Never has a restaurant had a more accurate name.Very Fresh Noodles is what you expect when you go into this cramped kitchen space located in Chelsea Market.  As you read through the menu and wait on line, a chef will make the noodles right in front of you, the very noodles you'll be chowing down on moments later.  The noodles themselves are thicker than you'd expect, but soft and readily absorbs the flavors of the broth.  Very Fresh Noodles' bowls are loaded with meat and will fill you up with tangy Taiwanese flavors.  Get the freshest noodles of your life without breaking your bank!
ordered lamb noodle in soup, and got beef instead. didn't get my order until I reminded cashier people ordered after me got theirs. turns out they forgot to put my order thru. food wise, xi'an is better.
Pretty solid noodle spot for Chelsea Market. It's definitely a gentrified version of traditional lan zhou noodles but none the less pretty tasty in flavor and authenticity. Seeing how the noodles were made and stretched was cool but not how its typically done regularly. The broth itself is extremely flavorful and they do have a vegan option which i got to try and must say it exceeded my expectations from the traditional lamb and beef noodles I'd have at home when my grandma would make it. Making any asian food vegan is pretty difficult without sacrificing taste but they did not miss the mark with their vegan noodle bowl. The place is tucked in the back left corner of one of chelsea markets inlets and the overwhelming smell of various food corners takes over any judgment to not overeat. Definitely a must try if in the market but there are more authentic locations for lan zhou noodles in queens
This place serves some great flavorful noodles though they have some timing restrictions that can be frustrating like they are closed sometime around lunch and then at 3 pm. So better confirm they are open before going there.
I forget what channel I found this place out on FB, but I know the face of the chick. Never again trusting that source. Sad to see majority of Yelpers agreed. Got the Beef soups with mild heat. Noodle was horrible, tasted like a pasty ravioli. Noodle couldn't absorb the broth flavor. Beef wasn't all that tender and broth was decent but reminded me of instant soups. Had a few bites and just passed it off to my wife. Luckily she was hungry but we couldn't finish it. Please step up your game guys.
I visited this establishment today to try out the noodles after seeing many people enjoying it on social media. The noodles were even better than I thought it would be. I got the spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup and it was extremely flavorful. One of the best tasting soup noodles I've had. The cashier was very friendly and the establishment has great customer service. I would visit again to try the other soup noodle options.
From Taiwan...and I have to say, some of the best beef noodle soups I've had in my life ... amazed to find such a fantastic place in NYC! Worth every penny (so so filling)!Doesn't hurt that that the service was great too!
We ate here recently, and I have to say that the 'La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup' bowl which we had was one of the most delicious things I have eaten in a long while. While I cannot profess to be a Taiwanese noodle expert, to my taste, the broth was amazingly delicious, and filled with large chunks of deliciously-braised beef. We spoke to one of the workers, who was a super nice fellow and really friendly. He told us that the beef is braised for 8 hours, and that they are often getting the broth ready as early as midnight (!). The noodles are, as claimed, freshly pulled right in front of you. Get off your cell phone and watch the noodle guru pull them. That performance alone is worth the price of admission!It's tucked away in the Chelsea Market and does not have any dedicated seating, but there are plenty of tables in the hallway outside. Definitely recommended for noodle lovers and non-noodle lovers alike!
Ordered the vegetarian mock duck as a soup - the broth was very flavorful definitely the best vegan meal I've had in NYC.  Portion is big enough to share.  Spicy but not mouth numbing.  With the wait - line moves pretty quickly and you can watch the noodles as they made.
I went to this spot after seeing it on Insider. I had high hopes but was let down. Don't get me wrong, the noodles were fantastic. The problem was the broth (I got mine in soup) which tasted like spicy water. The broth was also greasy, which I'm really just not fan of. Overall, if the broth was improved, this place would be much better.
Food taste too overwhelming with oil from braising beef. Noodles is too thick, it felt like the oil observing into the noodles make me felt sick after trying to finish my bowl. Those type of noodles would be good if maybe less oil. Almost taste like Bo kho
We were just wandering in Chelsea Market when we noticed how good this place smelled and decided to give it a try. We ordered the tingly cumin lamb soup and were instantly impressed by how delicious the lamb tasted. It has stronger flavor than usual lamb (similar to the kind that was used in China), and also have very tender texture due to been cooked in broth for a long time, not to mention that there were a lot of lamb in the soup! The noodle was "biangbiang" noodle -- a kind of noodle that is popular in some west China provinces. I felt that it was made in a slightly different way than the authentic one, but good nevertheless. Must admit that this was an enjoyable meal and I hope to try their other noodles next time we visit Chelsea Market.
Extremely friendly staff, from the woman who took my order, to the gentleman expediting them. So happy I finally got the chance to try the food here! I love that they make their noodles fresh, and that you can watch the process. It was BUSY, and rightfully so! I got the tingly lamb noodles upon recommendation from the cashier, but the beef shank looked so delicious and a LOT of people ordered that so I'll have to try that next time. I really want to take one star off because the noodle texture was inconsistent...some were firm, others just better than mushy, some just mushy but I truly believe it had a lot to do with how busy it was and how fast orders had to be pushed out. It's a shame that the noodle quality had to suffer, but it is a tiny place and you can tell how hard they work. I'm going to try to come back when it's not the normal lunch rush and hopefully I'll enjoy the noodles at their perfect texture. The broth was delicious, though and the lamb was tasty and extremely tender!
My fiancé and I went this morning to try out their noodles. Definitely the best noodles we've ever tried!!!! The staff was amazing and super friendly, plus the food was delicious. The service was really quick, we are definitely coming back soon! Our new favorite spot!
Definitely not deserve high reviews. Even though they make the noodle in front of your eyes, the noodle is nothing like the real authentic Chinese hand pull noodle from the northwest at all, and the soup base is slightly better but not great either.
The noodle tastes good but soup toooooo greasy. I had the soup noodle with lamb and flavor is not bad. Yet the soup is way too greasy than a normal soup noodle. The soup is called biangbiang main, which is a typical food in Xi'an, but half of the spirit of Chinese noodle is in the soup , but their soup have a thick layer of oil on top  prevent me from tasting it.
Got the beef noodle soup.Noodles: not chewy enough, actually, somewhat mushy. Broth: very oily, but had good flavorBeef: super tender and flavorfulPickled mustard greens: I'm used to them being more of a "sweet pickle" than a salty pickle, so these weren't authentic, and actually made everything a little too saltyGood on a cold day, good when craving Taiwanese beef noodle soup, but not the original
I've been searching for a good Taiwanese beef noodle soup since my favorite spot in Flushing closed. My friend read about Very Fresh Noodles's soft opening so we decided to give it a try.  We ordered the La Mei Taiwanese beef noodle soup ($12) which was very good.  The noodles had a good bouncy texture (QQ as my mom would say) and the broth had a good flavor to it, not watered down or over powering.  Do keep in mind that you should have the noodle soup right away while it's hot and before the noodles get all soggy, taking away the QQ factor. The spicy isn't very spicy but it does have a little kick to it. We also ordered the dry Tingly Cumin Lamb noodles ($12) which was good the lamb was flavorful, noodles QQ and the celery gave it a nice crunch. It did however remind me of Xian's version.  Overall, the noodles were good, on the pricier side, otherwise, thumbs up for both dishes.Note: There aren't a lot of tables and chairs in the area to sit and enjoy your meal but there is a standing area by the utensils where you can eat and watch as they make the noodles.
Excellent hand stretched noodles right before your eyes!!! The beef is very tender and the broth delicious. I found it on the Chelsea market website, and had to make it special stop there on my trip. It was so worth it!! To top it all off, it's served by some really nice bunch of friendly staff. I'll have to try to make it back when I visit NYC next time.
Do you like your noodles hand pulled in front of you and dropped into a hot pot of amazing spicy biang biang broth- well I do! New to Chelsea Market, this Central Chinese style soup will rock your world. I went with Mock Duck. Sichuan peppers steaming in a mushroom vegan broth with veg, like bok choy, mustard greens and those hand pulled wheat noodles. Hot, spicy and vegan to boot, delish $12 Lamb and beef also available.
This Asian girl is so happy that biangbiang noodles have made their way to Chelsea Market! I got the cumin-lamb noodles in soup - the lamb was tender and the broth was tasty (not too greasy or spicy). I wish the noodles were a bit more springy/al dente, but overall, a great addition to the market.They're still in "soft-launch" mode, so they only have a limited menu at the moment. I look forward to coming back soon to see the extended one!
what a great idea, fresh noodles made on site with a simple looking chili sauce that was spicy and cool to the bite. i wish more places were like very fresh. when we came back from a trip we searched and searched for handmade noodles and couldn't find any, eventually many years later they started opening up but its still hard to find in socal. i know the underbelly of flushing queens has places like very fresh but it's hard to order unless you know the language. with very fresh noodles you get the real deal without using rosetta stone.
Tucked into the back corner of Chelsea Market this place is pretty new (opened in February). They have a pretty small menu with about 6 items at this point but its not final so there is more to come. They make fresh noodles which are delicious. I got the tingly beef. It was alright one of the ingredients is celery and there was too much for my taste. It overpowered my palate. I imagine this place might be better than 3 stars but the tingly beef just isnt my style.
Swung by since I noticed this place had popped up.  They're still in soft launch so I imagine things are still subject to change.  Small stall in Chelsea market - no seat in space.  3 staff - one guy working the noodle bar (hand pulling the noodles), one at point of sale and a lady doing miscellaneous.The Niou rou mien is good - I haven't tried the spicier stuff.  Good flavor, has some tendon and fatty meat in it. I would guess the meats been stewed for a good chunk of time.Tried to get the marinated cucumbers but they had ran out.A little spendy in my estimation, but hits the spot for a niche craving.
You'll find this small spot in the back of Chelsea market. They hand pull the noodles right in front of you. I got the dry tingly lamb which was perfection. It was sweet and tangy with a great range of flavors. I am looking forward to coming back and trying more menu items (though it's limited choices, I feel like you can't go wrong
I love walking through Chelsea market, especially love the different food vendors that are stationed there.  This last time I decided to give Very Fresh Noodles a try. I was very happy to see their signature dish "biangbiang" with vegan noodles, mock duck, bok choy and shiitake mushrooms in a rich mushroom broth seasoned with shaoxing wine, black vinegar, cumin, sichuan peppercorns, chili oil, celery, pickled mustard greens and fresh herbs.I actually added extra chili powder and was informed by the cook that it was pretty hot already but I just love spicy food and have a high tolerance for it.  I was lucky enough to find a seat in the immediate area, and I went in devouring this delicious dry noodle dish until my belly smiled up at me and was filled joy LOL.  I'll definitely be coming here again and try the soup.
This new noodle shop over in Chelsea market reminds me a lot of Xi-an famous foods. The beef noodle soup has the spicy tingly type flavor.  It's not the traditional Taiwanese version that I was expecting, so it was definitely a surprise.  The noodles are hand pulled but I think they were too stiff and not chewy enough. They were also thicker than usual.They were still on their soft opening when I came so I hope they will make some adjustments, as I want them to succeed. Will update my review again when I come back in the future.
Finally got to try this place. When we arrived they had shut it down and would reopen at 5pm, wr arrived there at 230 we were all like dammit! we decided to go around and see what's around the plaza to wait until 5 since we didn't want the chance to taste these noodles! Finally waiting for 2 hrs or lonver it was open. We actually lined up at 430 and comes to 445 there was already a line stretching out. We finally got to put our order in n got these noodles. These noodles were ok, iI felt the flavor was so pungent and strong. You definitely get a strong cumin curry taste tho. The noodles where soft so i can't complain, just some part of the noodles you get this thicker chunk of dough. Overall it was good.
Yesterday was rainy and cold and I had this craving for noodles with a lot of soup.  Well I followed that craving and went 40 minutes out of my way to go to Chelsea market.  I decided to go to this stall on the suggestion of a Chinese friend, who recommended it.  The stall itself is tiny.  There are three people behind the counter making and assembling the noodles and soup and one guy at the cash register.  You can actually watch one the guys hand pull the noodles, which is a show in itself.  I ordered a mild version of  the Taiwanese beef noodle soup.  Honestly, I found it a bit difficult to eat.  The noodle was one very long strand and very wide.  It's not a bunch of of thin noodles like you'd see at a supermarket.  I loved the veggies and the beef.  The beef was soft and more or less melted in my mouth.  The soup was rich, flavorful, and somewhat spicy, but not overpowering.  The only con about this place is that there is no seating area like others have said.  You'll have to take your hot container of noodles and carry it to one of the tables in Chelsea Market.  I got a table because I got there ahead of the lunchtime rush.  I'd imagine that it'd be impossible to find a seat at any other time.
Saw this place on BI and lived up to the hype. Awesome noodles and get the spicy broth.
The guy dances while he's pulling each noodle! The noodle is very yummy, soft with a bit chew. The spicy lamb soup is the bomb. As the name suggests, each bowl of noodle is handmade so expect 10-15 min wait on a busy weekend. No designated seating area so better start looking while you wait for your order cuz those noodles come out hot!
I had high expectations for the place since i saw the ad on facebook.  The location is a great spot for people to get food which is located in Chelsea Market. Presentation wise, i was pleased with how the food was made.  On the other hand, the quality of the food was so so. The noodles was much thicker than i expected.  It was a little doughy for me.  They put too much chili oil in it and was really greasy.  There was a lot of ingredients in the dish.  The amount of cilantro they put in really overpowered the whole dish.  I ordered lamb without soup.  For the amount of food compared to what i paid for, it wasn't really worth it (about $14).  I have also tried other places that has similar type of noodles; there are much better options elsewhere that is much cheaper.  Definitely worth trying if you're in the area, but i probably wouldn't go back again.
Soooooo delicious.  Went twice over 2 days.  The right amount of spice. And it's cool that you get to watch them make the noodles right in front of you.
This little "kiosk" gem is worth a special trip to Chelsea Market! The beef noodle soup is life-changing, with the richest broth and most tender beef -- and plenty of it! But the heavenly noodles steal this show. You watch them being made, which is fun, and they are absolutely delicious. Wide, long, and very thin. Complex flavors brought together in a match made in culinary heaven. Can't wait to go back!!
One of my FAVORITE noodle places in the city!!! These noodles are, like its name says, Very very fresh. They make the noodles in front of you! My favorite is the spicy lamb noodles but the spicy beef is also really good. They are both BURSTING with flavor, but not too too spicy. Sometimes they run out of ingredients and would close the shop in the middle of the day while they are getting ingredients, but it is definitely worth the wait. Also its in the middle of Chelsea market, so its difficult to find a place to sit sometimes. We had to sit on the window sill next to the shop last time :P
Yooo im from SF and saw a video about this place couple weeks ago before I visited NY for the first time..we randomly ran into this place with my fam and this place is Bomb, especially if you love noodles. Highly recommend!!
This noodles are reallly good! soft, fresh and true to its name! the braised beef with it is sooo good and tender too! almost falling apart! initially i thought $12 is a bit pricey compared to Xian Foods but then i had a good portion of the beef so its worth the money. they don't have tables though so you have to go out and look for one along the hallway.
This place was way better than I expected. I ordered the soupy version with the lamb and asked for them to not add any oil. The cashier was very patient with me in asking lots of questions and being really weird with the oil thing. Onto the soup- the noodles were so chewy in a good way. And very fresh :) the broth and lamb were quite tasty as well but note that this is a heavy meal! Heavy but would be great on a chilly day.
Their amazing dry cumin noodles with lamb was out of this earth! Unique flavors, great portion size, and the noodles so soft and fresh! Can't wait to go back for more!
Amazing hand pulled noodles! Best hand pulled noodles I've had. I personally think the spicy lamb is better than the beef, but some ppl prefer the beef. Not much room to sit. You may hav to sit on the steps
The noodles were not very chewy! Got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Everything was on point except the noodles.
This is the BOMB!!!   I lived in Taiwan and Beijing, let me tell you - order the Taiwanese Beef Noodles, you will not regret it.
Absolutely delicious. I had the tingly lamb and it was one of the best bowls of noodles I've had in a really long time.
With so many options at Chelsea Market you must choose wisely.   VFN is new and still doing a soft opening and only had a few menu items. The noodles were made fresh and right in front of you. I had a little sweat on my brow while eating it from the spice.  The flavor was amazing, beef delicious and noodles perfect. An incredible and delicious lunch.  We even managed to find a place to stand and eat.
Oh my gosh this place is so good!! I went on a Monday at around 2pm and there was no line. We got the lamb noodles (dry) and the beef soup noodles. The lamb was really good but the beef one was AMAZING. The soup was tasty, the beef was tender, and the noodles had amazing texture. I go to Xian Famous Foods a lot too and the beef noodles definitely make me think that VFN is way better. The only downside is that there was no real seating, just some window sills and general Chelsea Market seating. Regardless, I'd definitely go back.
DELICIOUS!I had the Tingly Lamb Soup. The noodles are amazing and the meat was so juicy, nice portion size and reasonably priced. Great staff too. I will definitely be coming here a lot.
This is a soft opening so be prepared for longer lines. Note that the menu is not the full menu. Nevertheless the food is good. Personally tingly lamb tastes better than the beef. Drinks are about pricey. No seating area. Food is a little bit similar to Xi an famous foods.
I got the beef soup cumin noodles.  It was okay.  Noodles were a bit too thick.  The beef was excellent though.  It melted in mouth.  Probably wouldn't specifically go back for it, but would go back and try the other dishes if I was close by.
As someone who works in one of the offices above the Chelsea Market, having this fine establishment right downstairs is awful. Awful because I want to eat it every day that I'm there. This absolutely delicious fresh pulled noodle bowl joint is by far my favorite thing in the often tourist crowded shopping center. You get a show to go with your meal as when you order, you see your noodles being pulled, going to be cooked and then your bowl being assembled. I've gone twice now and haven't been able to get the lamb bowl yet because it's not available so I can't wait to try that. But the beef was delicious. The broth and spices complimented the noodles and beef. Fair warning, if you ask for spicy, it's gonna be really spicy, this coming from someone who loves spicy food.  With all that said, you really should give this almost hard to find noodle shop inside the Chelsea Market and enjoy a great, filling meal.
This is my first time having these pulled noodles. I got the vegan noodle soup and it was so flavorful and fresh! Was able to request it to be more spicy. I like it better than Xi'an famous foods which I tried later that week. Great spot for lunch in Chelsea market.
Even though the noodles here are Taiwanese style, I would say the flavoring is pretty similar to the flavors of the noodles at Xian famous foods: heavy and spicy. I tried the beef noodle soup and found the broth to be much richer in flavor than I remember the dish to be at other Taiwanese joints. Even the mild contained a good amount of cumin. I personally found the broth to be too heavy to drink.The noodles on the other hand were great! They were very thick and wide, thus absorbed the heavy broth very well. Also, the chef literally pulls and cooks them right in front of you, so it is very fun to watch!There was also a very generous portion of braised beef shank in the soup. The beef was incredibly flavorful and tender. While I probably would have preferred to have more noodles and less meat, I can't complain given how tasty the beef was!I'd definitely recommend if you're looking for a more heavy option in Chelsea market.
No sits but there's two spots at the window where if you're lucky and there's no people you get to sit. Good fresh noodles a bit greasy for me but tastes good. Affordable price and good service.
Great Noodles with outstanding soup. The beef in the noodle is tender with flavor. But sometimes the beef has a little bit raw smell from Chinese food perspective. Overall waiting time is OK but not great, and the seating will be a problem if you really want to sit down and enjoy.
Had Vegan noodle soup a week ago and am craving it now but I live in Milwaukee Wisconsin!
I absolutely loved my Taiwanese beef noodle soup. The noodle was very well (hand)made, and the broth was on the heavy side but delicious. Beef was nice and tender. Only complain is it's slightly pricy, other than that I would love to come back any day.
Oh my goodness!!!! This place is so good!!!! I had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. The beef and soup were soooooooo tasty! The beef was so tender and the soup was spiced to perfection. The noodles were just a bit thick for my liking but it was still super good! I can't wait to go back and try the other items on the menu.
Went on a Saturday night at 730 ish. Less than a ten minute wait. It was so good and you could tell the ingredients were fresh. The beef was good. The beef bowl had a ton of flavor, but the mild was a lot spicier than "mild"!! Lol. If you don't like spicy, I would not get the mild. Ask for no spice or very little. The bowl was $14 but it's a big portion. They give you plenty of beef. I took the rest home!!
Great noodle spot in Chelsea market! If you lobe cumin spices you should definitely check this place out! Got the tingly beef option. Very good portions, left me full and satisfied!
Great noodle stall in the Chelsea market.  We timed it just right as there was no line and minimal wait.  Noodles made right in front of you.  Soup broth was rich and flavorful with just the right amount of spice. Big enough to share.  Noodles were great.  Also, a small microbrew stand right next to it were you can get a cold brew while you are waiting.
Got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Was very good, love how they make the noodles right in front of you, fresh. Clerk was very friendly and helpful.
OMG the best Taiwan Beef Noodle Soup I've had in awhile. I may have downed the whole bowl (made with handmade noodles!) to the last slurp! Can't wait to go back and grab a bowl again!
The noodles are so goood. Get the beef noodles with soup, because the soup is just filling in your stomach. The beef is also really tender. The noodles, to my expectations, are just ok. It's usually the soup that leads the taste. The line is also long and it takes around 30-45 minutes for them to make your noodles, but it's worth the wait!
Holy moly!! Hungry and waking into Chelsea Market with no idea what you want, are looking for, or where to find it is not recommended. But for me it worked out famously! In a small back corner with no wait, no line, and no crowd, I found Very Fresh Noodles. They do not lie. After much debating and advisement from the cook between the few items on their soft launch menu, I settled on the tingly cumin beef noodle soup. I'm glad I did. This is hands down one of the best noodle soups I've ever had. The broth was robust and beefy, loaded with cumin, but balanced out with cascading and complex layers of spice, peppercorn, sesame oil, and other spices. It smelled beautiful and tasted even better, even though it made me sweat. It didn't burn, just had a very flavorful heat. The noodles are stretched, pulled, torn, and boiled right before your eyes and they are fantastic. Thick, wide, firm, not too salty, and really tasty. They are a bit hard to eat because they are so long but I enjoyed the challenge.The beef. Oh. That sweet, tender beef. I was surprised by how much beef was in the soup, lots of big, melt in your mouth tender chucks of roast beef that also broke up into the soup. The smaller bits mixed among the array of chopped vegetables (I don't recall now, but a blend of several hearty vegetables finely chopped and piled atop the broth just before they hand it to you) and made for an exciting sweep of flavors that definitely tingled and tantalized my palate. The to-go bowl, chop sticks, and soup spoon were convenient and disposable. Service and staff were fantastic. Food was amazing. One of the best lunch experiences I've had in NYC. Ate it too fast to get a picture.
There are not too many soup places in the Chelsea Market and in Meat Packing district over all. Working in the area, Very Fresh Noodles, became my go to place for lunch several times a week, as soon as these guys opened. Always fresh, tasty and very spicy soups.Thank you Very Fresh Noodles for your great noodle soups!!!
Thick and chewy noodles in a flavorful, savory broth. Taiwanese guy approved!
Jonathan Gold would be proud.  A five by five noodles shop gives tasty real food in a food mall.  Dried lamb noodles is excellent.  You will get to see how they make it -  from dough to noodle.  $12 a plate may seems pricy - but it will feed two. It's been open for 3 months - but I think it will get crowded soon, so go there now.   There are some places in Chinatown and Queens that serves better version of this noodle dish from Northwestern China - but hey, if you have been dragged to High Line and need a place for quick good bite - then go here.  Then go grab gelato or coffee on High Line.    The place is in the end corner near Aussie pie store.
Latest in my never ending quest to find the most authentic Taiwanese beef noodle soup in the city. Went during its soft opening and ordered the la mei beef noodle soup and the tingly cumin lamb. Service was friendly and efficient and one can get really up, close and personal with the cooking process. The cumin lamb is on par with dishes I've had @ Xian though it's slightly more expensive here. The broth for the beef noodle soup is very tasty and is served piping hot. A little more greasy than I'm used to but the broth is pretty good. Definitely top 5 contender on my list. Only drawback is lack of seating
Wow.  Amazing stand up noodle bar in Chelsea Market.  Noodles made as you watch, and fresh deep bins of rich broth.
The first thing you'll notice is the smell. It's smells so freaking good and the best part is that it taste even better. I got the tingly cumin dry noodles and really enjoyed the taste. The noodles are made right in front of you and is pretty amusing to watch. The noodles are very fluffy, and cooked just right. The location is not hard to find.
The best soup of my life. Broth was incredibly rich yet somehow also light. Enough beef. Tender yet toothsome noodles. Delightful.
This place has a great vibe and awesome music. We got the beef and the lamb curry noodles. We waited for about half an hour than found food to be overrated- not our favorite taste anyways but worth a try.
Ordered the Cumin Beef Noodles dry.Oil. So much oil. The noodles themselves were good but were sitting in a broken oily mess. Maybe the soup version is better?Also, there is some sort of chopped green vegetable mix on top (scallions and celery or Bok Choy?). But they either weren't washed very well or not at all. I could feel the grit as I was eating it.After eating half of it your taste buds grow tired of the same sort of dark, muddled taste and it just becomes unappetizing. Not worth $12.50.And if you're going to make the food on the counter right in front of my face, PLEASE keep a clean station. Just poor, messy presentation.
Just had lunch here. The beef noodle soup. Pretty good for a cold chilly rainy day. Not super spicy which is fine with me but enough to make your nose run just a tad. Noodles were good a little too long for the soup but that's subjective. Flavor was good....needed wayyyy more beef to be called a beef soup.
Almost a lost art, this hand pulled noodle spot serves top notch dishes.  The soups feels like a complete meal in a bowl.  I first tried the Taiwanese beef soup, tasted so right I had to come back one more time before leaving back to California.  Next day, tried their tingling beef, dry...rad!  Your mouth will actually tingle like spicy poprocks(a little exaggerated).  NY just acquired another happy traveler thanks to the crew @ Very Fresh Noodles. Salute!
Go Dry Tingly Lamb Noodles!  Delicious and perfectly spiced, numbing not scalding.  Lots of fresh chopped cilantro, the pleasant Tartness has that authentic profile known at other mentioned hand-pulled noodles in the city.  Even, the "dry" version comes with ample gravy.  I'm looking forward to trying the soups again as it gets colder.
My new favorite noodle spot! Easily the tastiest vegan noodle bowl I've had in a very long time. Just missed the lunch rush and the staff is super friendly! Where else can you find a restaurant to hand pull noodles DURING lunch time?!
Yes yes yes yes , words can't describe the excitement I love to share with people about this place . Authentic Chinese noodles stretched and prepared right before your eyes! The employees there are extremely polite , amazing costumer service and the food is amazing !
having worked near all the "$5" noodle places in LES proximity for the last 2 years, I can agree that I was at first appalled by the cost of the noodles at this place. Having found a new office space in chelsea/flatiron/Silicon Alley tho, I'm adjusting to the differences in food and price point in the area.I'm super happy to have found very fresh noodles. (keeping with with the standardly generic name for noodle places keeps me nostalgic) The noodles are indeed very fresh. They are a little stickier than i like them, but that didn't keep me from eating it. As far as the price point, I would say that they DO put more meat than in the cheaper chinatown places, which makes up for it. Had the tingly beef dry noodles. They were great, although I added more spice to them. The cucumber are also pretty fantastic- better than Xi'an IMHO. Can't wait to see more of the menu as this was the "soft opening menu".
We came here on a Saturday around 6pm and it was busy with a long line. The cashier was very helpful ... we had a dry cumin lamb noodle and a spicy beef noodle soup. Both dishes has complex flavor that is high quality in our opinion. The noodle itself was fresh, although it was not pulled evenly and some part was under cooked, perhaps they were too busy to attend to this detail. Overall, the dishes were good higher quality than the cheap Chinatown joints, we will be happy to visit again.
Super delicious hand pulled Taiwanese beef noodles. They make them to order QQ and the soup has the perfect amount of spice & flavor. I especially like the sour cabbage & veggies in it. And don't forget  the chilled smashed cucumbers! All of the workers & Victor are so nice too.
Ordered the Taiwanese beef noodles and they were so delicious! I did medium spice, and it wasn't too overpowering so you could taste every ingredient. Whole heartedly recommend this place, especially for take out since there is very little space to sit and eat.
Love the tingly cumin beef noodles. With or without soup are both good. Noodle texture is chewy and the soup is very flavorful. Have been here twice and I'm sure I'll come here again.
The Taiwanese beef noodle soup reminds me of the motherland. I looooove hand pulled noodles, and these definitely did not disappoint. They were wide and perfectly QQ! The beef itself literally melted in my mouth, and the broth was THE perfect mixture of sweet and spicy. $12 is pricey for a bowl of noodles but it's worth the splurge.
The best hand pulled noodles I have ever had. Ran into them by accident at Chelsea market. Got the Beef soup, it was unreal. Must try!!!
At first, I thought the price was a little high, but the soup is huge and filling. It is well worth it. You can see the noodles being made while you wait, which is entertaining and makes you feel good about what you're eating. When we visited they had a soft opening menu with several great options. The soup had a really nice spiciness in the broth and was well seasoned. So far, I can only see two downsides:1. I wish there was more than one size, as the soup is filling and large. A lunch size may be nice. 2. There's not a ton of meat in the soup, but as that is in line with the tradition of the food I can't really say that's all that bad.
Waited 20 minutes for a Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Beef was so hard, dry and chewy!!! Are you kidding me!?!! Apparently it's over cooked in high heat. Should've asked my money back. Also, where is the flavor??? Huge disappointment!!! I would be so ashamed to serve this to a customer. It totally lacks quality control but still it won't matter because many people don't know what to expect.
Woo! Super happy to see a Taiwanese stand open at Chelsea market.Noodles are freshly made so they are very good. My favorite was the broth for the beef noodle soup. A little bit different than the traditional beef noodle soup but probably one of the better ones I have had in the U.S.Note that there is no where to sit though.
Spot on for flavor, portion size is huge. Taiwanese beef noodle and cucumbers taste pretty authentic. Minus one star for uneven noodles; they are pulled at most 3 times and not consistently leading to uneven cooking time and texture. I usually expect 5-10 pulls per dough ball to get even, tasty noodles. Minus another star for no place to sit; there was a single stool near a large table next to the noodle stall. It had a cracked top that torn into my pants a bit once I sat down so I had to take my food to go.
These noodles are unreal levels of deliciousnes!  Watched the chef make them as I ordered. Hand pulled and cooked to perfection. Meats and broths also superb. Price is fair for Chelsea Market. Lost a star because of no seating.
I got the dried pork cumin dry noodles. The noodle to pork ration was like 1:50 -- so much beef that it completely drowned the noodles. Hence, the noodles taste like MUSH; not a good consistency and tasted very thick...like wet bread.Also, there's a strange graininess to the dish..probably the spices but not a fan of the texture.The overall dish is quite dry and falls flat. I'm sticking to Xian's!
went back for their great noodles, they were not. half the meat, chopped like ragout, not the same dish i had in the past
This place is so tasty! The noodles are undoubtly fresh and their soup's rock! I love the cumin lamb noodles and the spicy beef noodle soup. There's a lot of heat but it's balanced well with a ton of flavor. The noodles are soft but has that firmness that you only get in authentically hand pulled noodle. I'm only giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because selection is very limited. It would be great if they could add other kinds of soups and a variety for the non soup based noodle dishes.
Lamb dry noodles are very flavorful, noodles al dente and everything made fresh to order.  Lamb pieces were moist and succulent.  Will be coming back for more.
Super nice and friendly staff and the beef (braised) soup was amazing!It's kind of hidden at the back of Chelsea market food court. They are planning on expanding their menu but only have a few things for now. Look forward to trying the dumplings when they add them to menu.
This is absolutely a surprise for me. It is very authentic northern China flavor. It cooks better than Xian Famous food, whoever interested should have a try.
First time here and we tried the dry tingling cumin beef. The flavors are good, but the noodles were too thick and doughy. If they had cut it thinner it would've been better. Will come back to try the soup next time.
I absolutely love noodles and I love hand pulled noodles even more. I am constantly craving cumin lamb noodles and came by Chelsea market so I had to try this joint. It's a bit pricy compared to its competitor but the portion size is also slightly bigger. I got the tingly lamb dry noodles and waited a good 15 minutes before it was ready. The noodles are fresh and hand pulled once your order is placed. There was a huge portion of lamb that came with it and it came with a heap of garnishes that really made a difference. The noodles were spot on, al dente and soaked up all the sauce. Also loved the hint of vinegar that is in the sauce. My only complaint is the meat. Even though I got lamb I had a hard time figuring out whether it was lamb or beef and I definitely think it would have worked better if the meat was a different texture. Since it's braised the meat was shredded when you ate it, which is not the consistency I like for lamb. Overall a solid noodle joint and one of the few that serves hand pulled flat noodles.
I was here this afternoon. I was in awe seeing this guy pulling noodles, the food was amazing but the place is so messy. The glass show window has water splashes and the table in front where all the food is a mess. If you have an open kitchen you should be neat and organized. Im a cook as well and i see that there is definitely a sanitation issue with this place. I didnt see an oven or prep area there, does Chelsea Market have an basement kitchen? Do yourself a favor and wait until they get their sanitation grade.
The Veg Noodles were amazing.  Not only tasted fresh, but had a perfect mix of tang and chili.  The staff was also very helpful, as I was balancing my little one with multiple hands of food.  Worth the trip over.  I'll definitely be back.
This is a hidden gem in Chelsea market. Best I've had in NYC. Better than Xi'an famous food
Get the soup, amazing broth and the meat is excellent. My girlfriend and I both thought the noodles were oddly soft but I thought it was a interesting change.For being an extremely small booth in the corner or Chelsea market it is definitely  worth it
Had the beef noodle soup.... And it was amazing. Been thinking about that soup for a couple days now  full of flavor, very generous portion, tons of meat, veggies and noodles! I was in the city visiting, but I would totally go back for this soup!
i go everytime i am in nyc - fresh spicy intense - i crave it!
Way overpriced and it took 30 minutes to prepare.  Was inedible because of heavy MSG and salty/sour sauce.  Don't let the freshly made noodles fool you.  The rest of the dish is pure soy sauce and vinegar that is too overwhelming.  I asked for a mild sauce with no hot oil and the rude noodle maker said it can only be made one way.  As I stand there and watch him, I see how he adds all the ingredients including a dousing of hot oil that he could have easily left out per my request.  This place has a "soft opening" sign and based on their "creative" name, rude cook, and disgusting dishes you will be better off with many of the other choices available in the "no place to sit, dirty food court court called Chelsea Market.
tried the Taiwanese beef noodle, the beef is very tasty, noodle is the 'Xi'an' type, nice combo of Taiwan beef noodle soup + Xi'an spicy noodle. will come back
Watching it is an experience, but we got the vegan dry bowl and neither of us loved it. The flavors were interesting. It looked better than it tasted.
Yeah, it is hard to find as others said, in a corner of Chelsea Market. But the hand-made noodles are so great, and the cumin taste. The staff are really nice. My take-away bag broke, so I returned. They happily made another noodle soup for me, and gave my an extra cucumber salad.
They are very fresh noodles that are made right in front of you . The soup was very good but I felt it was lacking in something nonetheless still a great place to have fresh noodles! Not a lot on NYC that has these
Very fresh hand pulled noodles. That's the only way one should ever eat them. Otherwise might as well just open a cello bag.
More like very Rubbery noodles.  Very doughy noodles, too.  I don't know, maybe that's how hand-pulled noodles are. I wanted to like this food -- they pull the noodles right in front of you, the cumin sauce was very interesting (but only for those with adventurous taste-buds who like their food really assertive).  Not like the firm noodles I'm used to.
Just came back from Chelsea Market and got myself a very first Very Fresh Noodles. It's definitely hard to find a Taiwanese joint here in the city so when I yelped and found this place, I'd to try it out. In my opinion, when shops first open their food would be good to attract more audiences. Very Fresh Noodles did just that.So I went. The shop is small and it is right at the corner among other shops.The menu is very limited since the restaurant is still trying it out. I ordered the mild beef noodles for take out. Condiments and utensils were on the side for self serve. The portion is adequate for me. The smell of the noodles is very, very good. I immediately tried the soup because soup is one of the main elements of a noodle soup. The soup is very tasty and it suits my liking. Not bland at all and it is what I ordered, mild with a hint of spiciness. Onto the noodles, it was actually my first time having "biang biang noodles". I can't say if I liked it or not because it's a bit thick compare to all other noodles I'd tried. Now the beef is the one con I found. There are pieces of beef everywhere, some are kinda big and some are just too shredded to be picked up. Some are a bit dry, and some are just good. I am not a cook so I am not sure how they can fix that but I think the beef needs to be a bit tender than it is. Aside from the beef, I will definitely go back and try the Spicy Dan Dan Noodles once they have it on the menu (saw it on the online menu). FYI, if you don't like oil, this may not be for you. But then again, the spicy oil is what made this noodle soup just that good.
Incredible noodles. Everything is made from scratch. Better than a lot I've had in Asia.
I never made it back to the counter to tell the gentlemen that IT WAS DELICIOUS!!  I've only had these noodles at my Dad's house and these were just as good.  (Sorry Dad.)  I can't wait to have them again.  So sad they are in NY and I am in LA.
This place is amazing! Amazing flavors and freshly made noodles. My mother even approves and that's saying a lot!
Tiny, tucked away food stand in Lord knows where in between 9th and 10th Ave on 15th St., this noodle shop is literally a hidden gem that have you sniffing your way in the deep, dark depths of the nooks and crannies in the maze we call Chelsea Market. There's no room to eat, you have to wait a long time, and you're going to be sad since they ran out of lamb, and they always run out of lamb. I suspect they do not even carry lamb because they seem to be out of it all the time. The cucumber salad was super small for what it costs but let's face it, there are many other places in CM but none can pull you in like their spicy and refreshing cucumber salad. The beef in the noodle soup was surprisingly tender so that's a plus. However, I've had better noodles in Chinatown and that's all I am saying.
Admittedly, I laughed when I saw this sign. Coming from a very Asian family, this is a very Asian name for a restaurant. "Very Fresh Noodles" would be the one who would have the last laugh, however. This was definitively one of the very best (and very freshest) meals that I had on my most recent trip to New York City.During my first visit to Chelsea Market, I was deeply embroiled in an internal battle as to where I would eat for lunch. Genuinely one of the hardest decisions I've ever had to make, as I was surrounded on all sides by the sights & smells of some of the most delectably unique restaurants I've ever seen in a market setting. I ended up standing in line for "Very Fresh Noodles" as I was extremely curious in Western Chinese cuisine, something that I'd never tasted before. I opted for the Tingly Cumin Lamb Noodles (dry). As the man behind the counter began pulling the fresh noodles by hand, I knew I had made the right decision.Honestly, I've never tasted anything like this dish in my entire life. Sure, there are flavors that are familiar, but the way they complemented & contrasted with the fresh noodles, sauces, and vegetables was altogether extremely new to me. I loved every bite, and I will undoubtedly order from here each time I patronize the Chelsea Market from here on out.Goofy name, perfect noodles. Do yourself a favor and wait it out with the crowd - it's worth it.
I had a lot of high hopes for this restaurant but it is just not that good... The wait at rush hours is like 20-30 mins which is a lot for Chelsea Market average. The way they hand made their noodles is more like the Xi-an type of noodles, but the way they cook it is more for regular noodles. So the end result is like a weird mix. The portion is super tiny for the price. Not worth it.
Attentive and fun staff! It was almost their closing time but they took their own time to help me make the decision. Other places closed their door in front of us just before 9 PM.Will just go to Chelsea market just for their Vegan noodle with mock duck and mushrooms made to my order spicy. Well balanced spice levels, Fresh Noodles, light cumin flavor & savory mushroom broth all come together to make it a perfect meal! This is my go to place for quite sometime now and I prefer it over the Ramen.
located inside chelseas market, you can smell the spices used in their soups from inside the market.  one of their specialities is the Taiwanese beef noodles.  wide and long hand made chewy al dente noodles in a rich and flavorful taiwanese beef soup with super tender beef.  it had a generous toppings of veggies and pickled veggies.  definitely a delicious warm bowl.  seats are everywhere around this place, if you can sit and eat a bowl of noodles, claim it as a spot.  they have glass windows so that you can watch them pull the noodles and prep your bowl.the cumin lamb sounds delicious as well.  the smell of spices are salivating.
Wow! A must try in Chelsea market. This is a food stall that makes thick handmade noodles.  I had the beef spicy soup and it was really delicious. A little on the "fattier" oily side but so good and very different from other noodle soups I've tried. You can see through the window the fresh noodles they are making.The only downside is there very limited, almost no seating to enjoy the soup, so that made it a little difficult. But after waiting around for a bit, we snagged a seat on the only bench around.
Cute little stand inside Chelsea Market. You can basically follow the smell. The worker is literally hand pulling and slapping the noodles right in front of you. Been here a couple times... come early, close to closing time they usually run out of meat and their noodles aren't as good. Normally, the noodles are so chewy and delicious. It is the perfect slurping texture!! The noodles soak up the flavor well. The beef was tender and juicy. Once I came and they only had the vegan ("fake" duck) noodles. It was surprisingly delicious!! The noodles, broth, and veggies were on point. Their soups are rich and flavorful.
Very fresh indeed.The noodles are made right then and there and they are so delicious! Super long too between. The braised beef was tender and flavorful. The pieces just melt in your mouth. They taste better than Xi'an!I had the spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup and loved it. Noodles - check. Beef - check. Broth - check. The only thing is that it wasn't spicy.My husband had the dry tingly beef noodles and although the noodles and beef were good, the sauce got a bit too sour after several bites. The cumin wasn't as strong as Xi'an. And yes it was still as oily. I didn't like this dish as much.I'll be back here often. I'm a sucker for noodle soups. They do run out of this so come early! Shortly after I ordered my food, they were announcing that there was no more! Seatings are limited. Just stand around by those tables to the right of the door and stare ppl down until they leave. J/K. Maybe not.
This place is delicious and the noodles are indeed, very fresh! Tucked in the corner of chelsea market, I didn't have any expectations but these noodles were amazing. I tried the tingly noodles- their best seller- in broth. The cashier recommended them to me over the dry noodles, so I went with it and the recommendation did not disappoint!The noodles are definitely on the salty side and are very oily. I was wearing a white shirt, so it got pretty messy. Be careful to eat these noodles slowly because they splash quite easily. The noodles themselves are so fresh, you can literally watch them make the noodles while you wait. The taste is a bit spicy, but also so full of flavor. The noodles really make you feel like you're at home. So authentic and would definitely recommend this to anyone.
After seeing the business insider video I decided to check it out during lunch time. I traveled from midtown to Chelsea. The wait was about 20mins for my order. I had the 牛肉麵 （Taiwanese beef noodle soup) the broth was very flavorful and the beef was so tender. It took me about 25 minutes to get back to the office so by the time I got to eat my soup the noodles were really soggy. I'd definitely go back and try again but this time I'll eat it at the Chelsea Market. FYI, you have to find a place to sit as the shop doesn't have tables. A quicker way to get in is to go up from 15st and 9ave. The shop is located towards the back of Chelsea market. Meal cost: $13
I was excited to try this place after seeing the video above it on social media. I'm a huge noodle person, especially Taiwanese beef noodle soup so I knew I had to try it. We got there at the perfect time Saturday around 11:30am because shortly after we ordered it started to get super busy and we saw pictures later that the line got super long. I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and my bf got the cumin beef noodle soup. I was surprised when someone had posted a review saying the portions were so big that they shared it with their friend and it was a good amount. Because I felt like they were normal portions and you definitely wouldn't be full if you shared one bowl between two people. I liked the noodles themselves but the soup I thought was a little too thick but still flavorful. The slices of beef were okay, a little on the thick side and I didn't like how every piece had so much tendon in it. My bf shared the same feedback except he didn't like the flavor of his cumin beef soup that much. All in all we thought it was okay but nothing super special.
Boing! Is what the noodles said (in my head) when they which stretched the fresh dough into one long connecting thick noodle. Great customer service!- Braised beef soup: 4+/5 a little on the oily side, but it was oh so savory! Good flavorful tender beef and delicious chewy and tasty noodles. Definitely a heavy dish so plan accordingly. - cucumbers: 3/5. Comparing it to son tai fung's cucumber appetizer, it was oily and the cucumbers did not have "fresh" crunch. Worth it? Yes, if you want a fresh, chewy noodles in a thickish spicy and savory broth topped with a healthy portion of tender beef brisket. Might not be too good on a hot humid summer day.
I hate people who don't eat their noodle immediately or people who don't let me eat my noodle immediately. My third time here. The place was busy as usual. I patiently waited for my beef noodle soup. It took way too long. I saw my noodle was cooked and placed in the soup, wait to be add some toppings. It like a minute passed. Then, the guy who took orders were too busy taking new orders or flirting with customers. There were three bowls of noodle soup ready to pack and eat, instead the noodle just sit there and soak up the soup. By the time I finally get my bowl and ready to eat, the noodle weren't fresh anymore. It was very mushy. Where is my very fresh noodle?
Tucked away in the ever popular Chelsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles dishes up exactly that; and while I can appreciate the loyal following that they've built and enjoyed their freshly made thick and chewy noodles, the peripherals of my beef bowl turned me off a bit to the noodles themselves. Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?If you can time your visit in such a way that you're not bogged down by a 45 minute line, the service and atmosphere at Very Fresh Noodles are great. Sure, there's no seating close by, but watching as noodles are crafted from dough to finished product is a great way to burn time before digging into your beef or lamb dish. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?Very Fresh Noodles are also Very Expensive Noodles, and it'll run you $13.00 for a beef or lamb cumin bowl. That's not unreasonable given what ramen goes for these days, but it's worth pointing out. Star Granted. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?So here's my dilemma. The noodles themselves at Very Fresh Noodles were excellent, with a great pillowy consistency and a chew that had me enjoying every bite. I would have loved these in virtually any other setting, but the beef and associated oils and greases that came with the brisket took away from the experience a bit. For starters, the brisket was on a next level of fattiness, and the pockets of fatty slime that made their way into my bowl were just a bit off-putting even for someone like me who typically eats that stuff right up. Additionally, while I ordered a dry bowl versus a soup, there was a full couple of centimeters of oil in the bottom of my bowl which, while flavorful, took away from the quality of the noodle and the flavor of the brisket. Single Star Granted. Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I'll be back to Very Fresh Noodles, but with the hope that they can tone it down a bit with respect to the oils in their dishes. No Star Granted.
Overall: Indeed very fresh. Also satisfying.Location: It's inside Chelsea Market alongside a bunch of other shops.Ambiance: Cool, friendly. Like other areas of the market, it's small and cramped. You can see the cook work the noodles as you wait in line. There's two small benches by the window.Wait: On a Friday night, the line to order the food took maybe 10 minutes. I guesstimate the food was ready in about 20 minutes. Service: Friendly cashier. Also while I was waiting for my food, I heard him speaking Mandarin. Food: I got a Tingly Cumin Lamb soup. Food is served in a plastic bowl with a clear snapping top. Careful, the bottom is hot! I'm usually sensitive to spicy and this is pretty mild. I felt the temperature of the soup more than the spiciness itself. The noodles are wide and long. The broth is just the right amount of flavor.. I wish I could describe it better. I hadn't eaten in a couple hours so this definitely hit the spot.
Yum!This is my favorite stand in Chelsea Market. I love watching the guys stretching the dough and making the noodles.The portion sizes are super generous (you can definitely split one between two people) and I really loved the cumin beef. It's really tender and flavorful. I also highly recommend getting the cucumber side. It's bright and refreshing and cuts through the unctuousness of the noodles bowls. (Or maybe this is just something I enjoy because I'm Korean and I always crave some kind of kimchi/pickled component to my meals.)
Located in Chelsea market- it's a great eat out place. They have 4-5 noodles option on menu with some drinks too. We ordered the vegan option with mock duck and mushrooms and another very spicy dan dan mein.  The vegan noodles contained one long strand of the noodle- freshly made in the kitchen, very tasty but difficult to break it apart into bite sizable pieces. I liked the soup option and was a great lunch for a wintery afternoon.The very spicy dan dan mein were really very spicy. Overall, the food was fresh, flavorful and delicious. They don't have a indoor seating of their own but there are places to sit here and there in the market. Alternatively, you always can choose the to go option. Their canned drinks were nice too and reminded me of my trip to China. Overall, great fresh and spicy noodles but limited seating and some dishes are too hot/spicy esp with use of peppers and other Asian spices.
The noodles are great.  I love thick and chewy noodles, and nothing like watching them made fresh right in front of you.  I tried the beef noodle soup, and the beef was well flavored and very tender (also watched them chop up a healthy portion right in front of me).  Only criticism is the broth was a bit too heavy and salty for me.  And I can always use more mustard greens.
Very Fresh Noodles is a relatively new addition to Chelsea Market; it is located in the back of the area across from The Lobster Place that has a potpourri of different small shops. Because it resembles more of a pop-up as opposed to a full store, the menu here isn't all that extensive - just 3 items, one of which is a vegan one (i.e. did not read any further) and two meat dishes. Both looked delicious, but we opted for the Taiwanese beef noodle soup (spiciness set to mild) over the cumin lamb dish, which from the looks of it seemed like it could bring a decent amount of heat. The line to order was not that long, but we probably did have to stand around for about 10 minutes or so before our noodle soup was done. In the interim, you can park yourself on the ledge or watch the noodles get slapped and hand-pulled.There's nothing bad to say about the finished product, in my mind: the beef brisket is plentiful, and the broth still packs a bit of a punch but without bringing to mind the heat you would find in Szechuan dishes. The real star though are the noodles themselves - they seem fresher and are quite a bit more chewy and gelatinous than I have had elsewhere. This seems to aid in retaining more of the flavor of the broth in the noodles. It is fantastically-executed, and although it is undoubtedly more expensive than you would encounter for the same over in Taiwan, the version here is done very, very well. This is not the be-all, end-all for Chinese / Taiwanese cuisine by far, but if you are looking for a quick noodle dish that will have high-quality noodles and a zesty flavor, Very Fresh Noodles is a winner in my book.
I'm warning you, if you come during peak eating times be prepared to wait! I'm talking 30-60 mins from the time you place an order to when it will be ready for pick up. Seating is sparse here but there is a park one block away with plenty of tables outside.The Beef Noodle Soup was top notch. Very flavorful broth with fresh, hand made wide noodles and very tender braised beef chunks. Orders are made in small batches with great attention to detail. If you're in Chelsea Market and you're starving, you will leave here very satisfied!
I came here twice. The noodle is one long string and it's made fresh in front of you. Both times, I got it in soup. The soup is ok. It got a spicy kick but I'll definitely recommend getting a drink to go with it. You never know when the soup goes down the wrong pipe. Overall, it's interesting but not something I'll crave for.
I'm honestly extremely uncertain on how to rate this place. I always give credit where is due, but for some reason this place didn't resonate with me.When me and my friend were strolling by we saw a huge line and in big bold letters you see "very fresh noodles." Immediately I get excited, ooooooo they're making fresh noodles in this tiny cramped area. They're so dedicated into putting out quality food and obviously so, look at that long line. Process:1. Shuffle awkwardly through the crowd.2. Manage to steal the menu from the table. 3. See lots of spices in a rather small menu.4. IMMEDIATELY GET EXCITED.5. Make your way to the front of the line.6. Booming voice guy who is clearly the owner  takes your order. (Friendly guy. Smart, build clientele.)7. Wait FOREVER for your food.8. Get peppy again watching the hardworking staff make your bowl of noodles.9. Get your bowl while containing your excitement. 10. Find a table.11. Eat.12. Disappointment. Everything is made fresh. You get to see it done before you. You see the magic. The beef is so tender. It breaks apart so easily. Yet how could something so freshly prepared not be awesome? It was such an unusual flavor profile. There was too much going on in the soup, literally everything felt muddled together. I couldn't pinpoint a single flavor or ingredient I was tasting. You know who cooks like that? Me. My lazy incompetent, failure in a kitchen ass does. I dump everything in a pot hoping it's edible. Clearly lots of people like this food. Very affordable price and big portion. But I wasn't happy with the flavor. Less is more, certainly in this situation.
Super satisfied with my noodles today. We got 2 (lamb and beef) and were super happy with both. Noodles are clearly fresh and very q. Broth is super flavorful. The cucumbers are a must get - super yummy. I used to go to xian a ton but might have to switch over to very fresh. The guys at the front are also fantastic. Very friendly and engaging. They also work really quickly to ensure the wait time is reasonable. Two thumbs up!
We stumbled upon this place, and it was amazing. Everything was so fresh. I would say that the dishes are eloquently simple. Great service.
Seriously one of my all-time favorite noodle places. I love their noodles and their broth, and I'm so glad they're getting a bigger spot in Chelsea Market. They're probably the only reason I even go to Chelsea Market.The broth is rich, but not too heavy, and there's a tartness to it that really elevates the whole dish. The noodles are chewy and so, so good, although at times hard to maneuver because they're so wide.Definitely one of my favorite places, and I highly recommend it!
Stopped by here the other day and had the tingly cumin lamb noodles in broth. It was late enough in the afternoon that there was no line and I didn't have to wait very long for my order. Service was great and I was satisfied and reasonably happy with the meal, but I was a little disappointed giving my high expectations from reading some of the other reviews. The noodles are definitely a little bit difficult to eat but that's simply the nature of hand-pulled noodles, plus you really need to eat them very quickly before they cool down and start to congeal. At any rate I'll probably be back again to give it another whirl, but if you are really looking for top tier hand-pulled noodles I think you're still better off making the trek down south to Chinatown/LES.
Noodles are super fresh. Staff is extremely helpful if you're not familiar with this type of cuisine. Nice portions for the price as well!
First hear about this place when I saw the Business insider video piece and was a bit skeptical. Being Chinese, i am very picky with my noodles. (Fun fact: my father can actually make this at home.)Came here with two friends on a Saturday and you could smell the cumin from a mile away. I ordered the cumin beef and when I saw how much food it was, I was in heaven. The noodles just melted - couldn't even grab all of it with chopsticks - just had to slurp it all. There was so much food I actually had to split it into two meals. The broth was seasoned just perfectly - not too salty, not too spicy. 100% recommend if you're ever in the area. You don't be disappointment.
I saw a video for this noodle shop on Facebook. Very Fresh Noodles opened earlier this year, and I suspect it will become a big tourist attraction, if it isn't one already. Located at the main(? Not the entrance across from Google) entrance of the Chelsea market, it's a kiosk with a guy hand-making the noodles right in front of you. The freshest noodles possible! The whole kiosk is surrounded in an aura of aromatic spices. I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodles and am already craving more. It has flavors of Szechuan pepper and star anise, two of my favorite spices. The flavors are intense without being overwhelmingly salty or spicy. Just very flavorful. The noodles remind me of drunken noodles--wide and flat. Only, unlike drunken noodles, they're also very long. They also have vegan noodles. The noodles are flour, and are not gluten free. They have a third cumin-centric noodle that you can get with beef or lamb. The beef was so tender! For my fellow Korean food lovers, it reminded me of the beef you find in  (yukgaejang), but even more tender. I don't even really like vegetables but the bok Choy and small slices of celery really soaked up the broth well. I stood in line for maybe 5 minutes (went on a Sunday around 3) but it took a half hour for the noodles to actually come out. In the meantime, I explored the rest of the market. I really like the Baskets store, as well as spices & tease. There isn't any seating in the immediate vicinity, but venture further into the market and you'll come across a hallway with some tables and chairs. I can't wait to come back to New York and go here again!
4.5 stars. I had about an hour left until my bus ride back to D.C, and being the indecisive eater that I am, the laps I took around Chelsea Market (where this establishment is located) was not helping the situation. My boyfriend suggested we try this place, since we were nearby. Being the hangry girlfriend I was at the moment, I was hesitant-- but he stood in line for us. WOW. What else can I say? This was definitely the best stumbled-upon food spot I've ever tried. The noodles are unlike any I've tried before. Stretchy, chewy, delicious and they effectively soak up all the yummy flavors of the beef tendon spicy soup (highly recommend!). VERY fresh, indeed. The bowl we shared was noodle perfection. I can still remember the spicy broth and noodle flavors in my mouth. I am drooling just thinking about it.It doesn't help that I keep seeing Facebook videos from INSIDER and the likes featuring their Taiwanese Beef noodle soup... (drool). HOWEVER, great job on the features and keep up the good work guys! I'll be back FOR SURE when I make it back to NYC.
Absolutely delicious. Noodles were nice and thick and broths had very bold flavors. Had Tingly Cumin Lamb in soup, and La Mei Taiwanese Beef noodle soup. I liked both but preferred the beef's flavor . I probably should have tried lamb dry because the broth became oily.
I was walking around Chelsea market to look at all my food options. I passed by this place and the delicious smell smacks you in the face, so I had to walk back to it. I'm so glad I did. The food was so good. I got the Taiwanese Beef Noodle and the flavors were on point. The only down side was that the noodles were kinda hard to eat because of how thick and long (it seemed to be uncut) it was, but I definitely don't regret ordering it.
Wow these noodles were amazing! They make them fresh right in front of your eyes. Someone takes the dough that was prepared earlier that day and stretches it out to create these long and yummy hand-pulled noodles. They then cook the noodles and add it to a soup or keep them dry (relatively dry since there's still a good amount of sauce on them). I got the traditional beef soup (can't remember the exact name) but it was so flavorful and aromatic. There were so many chunks of tender beef in my soup that two people could've eaten from it. I definitely want to go back to try the tingly lamb noodles dry since I've heard great reviews about it. The only issues you might run into is waiting in a super long line and finding seating. I passed by at around peak lunch time (anywhere from 12-1:30/2) and decided to come back later since there was no space. They don't actually have any seating since they're a stall inside of Chelsea Market. There are some small tables with chairs to the right of the stall (past the glass doors) , but there are only a few and they are definitely taken up by patrons from other food stalls (it's located in the most heavily congested food area in Chelsea Market). I would recommend going either before the lunch rush or after since it's a bit difficult to walk around with a hot bowl of soup and people swarming all around you trying to get their food for the day. The noodles also taste best when you eat them right after purchasing so keep that in mind when passing by if there are no seats available.
If you're going to go here the beef noodles are the best!! I tried the Lamb first and it was okay but the beef noodles blew me away! Very tender cuts with enough tendon/fat it was marvelous. The noodles are made fresh and in house and had the perfect texture. On average its pricing is 12-14 dollars which isn't too too bad - you can get cheaper in Chinatown or flushing but the quality is Great and I don't mind paying ;) I'm addicted to the beef noodles now
Love their noddles ... they're the best! Prepare to make long lines though ... but it's all worth it!
You could literally smell the noodle soup from the outside corridor, and that is all I needed to try to find where this noodle stand was hiding. They seemed to have a pretty good number of fans hanging out and waiting for their food, even though there were no tables nearby. The noodles were definitely fresh made, and the final product was so hot that I wanted to find the first available table to set the bowl of tingly cumin lamb noodle soup down.The noodles, broth, everything was delicious and flavorful. The spiciness level was perfect, and the best part was that it wasn't there to try to burn your entire mouth. Noodles were nice and chewy. The only small problem that I have is that at $14 it seemed a bit pricey for the size but then again it's handmade lamb noodles in Chelsea Market.
Very Fresh Noodle doesn't waste time beating around the bush. These noodles are fresh AF, but like all good things, they take time, so be prepared to wait. LA MEI TAIWANESE BEEF NOODLE SOUP. Delicious! Handcut beef chunks mixed into a savory broth allow the noodles to be the star of the show. I will definitely have to go back soon! I can't stop thinking about them.SEATING. Unfortunately like the rest of Chelsea Market, there is limited seating nearby, so I recommend getting there during the off hours if you want to sit down.
Obviously, came here after seeing pictures on Facebook and Instagram of the hand pulled noodles. I wasn't that impressed. The noodles stuck together, and they were definitely too thick and did not cook all the way through. I did appreciate how there is a mild option though, because my meal would've been ruined if I couldn't handle the spice. Will have to say though, the beef in my beef noodle soup was great! Be prepared for a long line that doesn't move.
The beef soup was an experience I will look back longingly dreaming of coming back to New York. This soup will haunt me when I will be eating other soups. I will  miss this soup. Bye New York! I will be back for this soup!
I had seen very fresh noodles on Instagram and I knew I had to try this place out! Who doesn't love fresh hand pulled noodles? I obviously do! It's tucked in a corner in Chelsea market right next to a dole whip station. The menu is small but they focus on the things they are great at, which is the noodles. I opted for the dry beef cumin noodles. There was a wait, the cashier said about 20 mins which sounds reasonable since the guy is making my noodles to order. The beef cumin noodles were definitely tasty, had a slightly spicy taste to it but the fresh noodles were the standout. So fresh, chewy and delicious! Some of the best noodles I've had. The beef was also amazingly tender and soaked up all the cumin flavor. I'm drooling just thinking about this bowl of noodles! I wish they were in sf otherwise i would be there all the time. Total for 1: $12
This is one of the most authentic Taiwanese beef noodles I have had outside of Taiwan. The brisket is succulent, soft and melt in your mouth delicious. The noodles are hand pulled and wonderfully al-dente and yummy. The soup is complex, tastefully spicy (can get it mild) and I really appreciated the pickled mustard greens that accompanied each amazing bite.  They also offer a vegetarian version of noodle soup with mock duck. Come and watch them make fresh hand pulled noodles (almost like Asian pappardelle) and stay for an delightful bowl of noodles.  This place is amazing and I cannot wait to come back.
Found this place literally by following its smell (lol). The person taking my order was probably very tired as he got my order wrong even after I tried telling him what I wanted 2-3 times. He was scrambling to take my order and pack up other people's food at the same time. He was helpful though as he helped me choose the dish I should order. The lamb ran out the day I came, it was close to 9 PM (closing time) so I guess that's why. This probably means lamb is more popular than beef. The noodles are made right at the spot, you can see the dude slamming the dough on the table and pulling it into strings. I ordered the biang biang beef noodles and it was quite good. I don't know if the noodles were a little too soft and soggy because I left it in the bag for a while before I ate, or it was just like that. The noodles just lack the texture that authentic Chinese noodles have. The sauce compliments the dish well, they didn't give too much of it (or perhaps it was soaked up by the noodles). It's not too spicy, so don't be worried by it - and I am the type of person that can't take any spice at all. The beef was amazing, though. They were super soft and tender and very juicy. I would've given this place a 4 star if it wasn't too pricy and if the noodles were a bit better. Over all, a good place to check out - will update if I ever go back and try the lamb dish, maybe the noodles are better during the day.
Randomly came across this place while my BF & I were visiting NY and Chelsea Market. There are so many options to choose from in the market that I wasn't able to choose one. First world problems: too many options haha. Finally decided I was in the mood for noodles, so we stood in a 5 minute line to get these noodles.Read some reviews online and saw that the beef noodle soup was popular, so that's what I ordered. My BF got the lamb noodles. After waiting for about 10 min, we got our food (quick, polite service). I wish there was a place to sit and eat them, but there aren't in that specific area. We walked out into Chelsea market and found a random table we could sit down at.My BF & I both remarked "omygod" when we took our first bite. I don't know if the low expectations of ordering noodles in a stand played into it (probably), but I was definitely not expecting the flavor that came with the noodles! The beef was tender, the soup was sooooo flavorful, and the noodles fat & chewy, my favorite kind of noodles. They actually give you a big portion for a pretty reasonable price - I was so full by the time I finished. Pretty quick, no frills shop, but great flavor. Would return!
Fresh food is the best! They make this in front of you, which is pretty awesome. The last few times I came here, the line was too long. Now I can understand why the line was so long :) delicious and flavorful noodles perfect for a cold winter day, or in my case, a super hot summer day with record-breaking temperatures where my cravings couldn't be supresaed.
Very disappointing flavors and not reminiscent of Taiwan at all...My brother was in town and craving some soup noodles. The weather was absolutely gorgeous and Very Fresh Noodles had been on my list for a while, so I figured it'd be a great Chelsea Market / High Line outing. When we arrived, the line was a bit long, about 10 people in, and while the line moved very consistently, it took a bit of time before we placed our order.Given the wait, I'm not surprised it took a while for us to get our food, but over 20 minutes to pull and boil some noodles and put them into some broth? Way too long. Luckily it gave us enough time to scout out tables and secure a seat to slurp the goodies.We went with the beef noodle soup, dry cumin lamb noodles, and the cucumber salad. First off, the noodles were actually pretty good. The QQ texture and portion size were spot on. However, the flavors were just off. The beef noodle soup was unlike any beef noodle soup I've had. Star anise is in my opinion critical to beef noodle soup and theirs almost tasted like a mushroom broth versus anything with actual meat. The pieces of beef were also a bit dry for a stewed soup, and I think my disappointment in the flavor overwhelmed any other opinion. The dry cumin lamb noodles were just okay. The flavors weren't strong, and I'm comparing it to Xi'an Famous Foods and theirs just didn't compare. Lastly, the cucumber salad was not memorable. Maybe I'm just used to XFF, but again, the cucumber salad there is way superior.Given the location, lack of seating, wait, off flavors, and higher prices, I'm passing next time I find myself at Chelsea Market.
I've been waiting a long time to do this.Very Fresh Noodles vs. Xi'an Famous FoodsBefore I begin, I must admit that what I used as the battling ground was the beef noodles from both restaurants and not the lamb noodles that this region of cuisine is known for. But, both stores dress their respective dishes the same so it shouldn't matter, right?At Very Fresh Noodles, we have the Tingly Cumin Beef noodles, and at Xi'an, we have the Spicy & Tingly Hand-ripped Noodles. I ordered the dry version at both spots.Both make their noodles from scratch and each serving is one long hand-ripped strand of dough. Both dishes are topped with beef, dressed with celery, scallions, and chili oil.THE VERDICT:I was disappointed in VFN's version. It was too vinegary, too oily, and it wasn't spicy enough (as in not enough spices, not heat). The dish was just bland. The kicker is that their noodles didn't have the "chew" or the "al dente" factor that is the epitome of good Chinese noodles. I don't know if it was because they overcooked it or didn't work the dough enough but the noodles definitely are subpar to Xi'an's.Xi'an is cheaper and better, their balance of flavors is just right with the right amount of heat and tang. But most importantly, they serve their dish with cubes of beef while VFN serves their rendition with shredded beef - not as satisfying. Xian's chunks of beef are juicy, packed with flavor and extremely tender. Perfect, in my opinion.Xi'an's Famous Foods definitely wins this round.Maybe I need to try VFN's Taiwanese Beef Noodle which I think is what they're known for.
Got the popular Taiwanese beef noodle soup, which was pretty good. Not my favorite - I actually am in the Xi'an Famous Foods camp (especially since it's also cheaper!), but it hits the spot. It's quite a generous helping, and the beef chunks are large and tender. Not as huge of a fan of the noodle texture - it's a tad too soft, not al dente (chewy) enough - and the soup is a bit too oily. However, its seasoned pretty well (though I'd like mine with a bit more kick. Got the "spicy" and it still wasn't that spicy...) and serving-size wise, they give you your $14 worth. The cashier guy is also super friendly. Be prepared for a short wait.
I still feel the same way but now there's only one dish I like from here and that's the beef soup ..They've expanded and I tried the new pork noodles that are similar to spaghetti..TO ME they were GROSS ..So oily and thick with a slimy texture. they looked so appetizing but weren't .There was hardly any meat in my bowl or broth .I liked when they were small and only had their Asian workers in the kitchen it seemed more authentic.Beef Soup enough said .
Oh me goodness. This soup was amazing! You can definitely tell the difference with fresh pulled noodles vs others soups I've tried with a similar recipe. The flavors of this soup were spot on, it was hearty but also bright. In addition the meat ratio was beyond perfect, the beef in this soup literally melts in your mouth. 5 stars!
Taiwanese beef noodle soup is one of my favorite food so I was very excited to try Very Fresh Noodles after seeing videos about it online. I came here on a Tuesday night and was able to order and get my food fairly quickly. It is a stall in the Chelsea market and so we had to walk around the market until we were able to find a spot to sit down. The flavor was pretty good, I definitely like my beef noodle on the slightly sweeter side and this delivered. The meat was also cooked well and very enjoyable. The picked veggies they had on the side was minced a bit too much though which I wasn't too much of a fan about. However, I was disappointed by the noodles themselves, the first few bites were ok but the noodles seemed to be cooked too long because they were kind of murky. Towards the bottom of my bowl all of the noodles had broken off because they were way too soft and soggy. In Taiwanese cuisine we say we like to have the noodles "qq" or sort of al dente but these noodles were way past that level. All in all, for the higher price tag the flavor was pretty good but the noodles themselves were a disappointment.
Very Fresh Noodles is tucked away in the corner. The food did take a while, but it was so worth it. I ordered the tingly cumin lamb noodle soup. SOOOO much flavor in one bite. The noodles were soft, I prefer my noodles on the chewy side, but I didn't mind at alll. I couldn't tell that I was eating lamb, the taste and texture was just like beef. So next time I go, I'll probably order beef to save ..$0.50 haha. It is a pretty big bowl o' noodles and in my opinion, it's good for two people.
It's good just not the best. The noodles are definitely different here. They're sweeter and thicker. I opted for the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup and found while I thoroughly enjoyed my beef noodle soup, I wasn't a huge fan of the noodles. I'm letting Xi'an keep my heart.However, they did kill it with the broth and beef. Soft, melt-in-your-mouth worthy beef and soup that is slightly tangy and spicy. Great food for a low budget cost, $9.99.A secret spot for pretty okay beef noodle soup. Can ya find it? P.S : there is no dining area, y'all better have some g'luck and hope you can snag a table and a few chairs.
This is a little stand inside Chelsea Market, near the high line. I've only been here once and they were literally out of everything except then vegan noodles; I was a little disappointed since I really wanted to try their beef noodles but I was NOT disappointed with how delicious the noodles, the broth, the veggies in it were. So so so very good; I was craving a second bowl but thank god they were just sold out so I wouldn't over eat - again. You can watch them make the noodles and the texture is just perfect; it soaks up the flavors perfectly and I just can't do this any justification by attempting to describe the flavors - go try it! I'm definitely beading back to try their beef noodle soup!
Mac Dre on the playlist??? I felt like I wasn't even on vacation and back in the Bay Area. Very popular and well known noodle stand in Chelsea market. I feel like they should change their name to "Very Long Noodles" as that is what they are known for. The line wasn't too bad when we got there, but we still waited around 40 minutes. I like how you can see the chefs cooking and especially the "Noodle Man" with his moves when making the noodles. These guys all work hard and deserve all the success they've had. I ordered the beef soup and got it medium spicy. They don't have a no-spice option because it changes the flavor of their recipe. The noodles are one of my favorite and you can't find this offered at too many places in California. Their beef was very tender and just fell off with each bite. Next time I'm visiting NY I'll try one of their other dishes.
Worth all the hype!We essentially waited 40 mins for our noodles on a rainy MDW Monday, despite getting in line around 12:30 pm (an hour after they opened). The operation is super tight and only a few people strong, so I understood why it took so long to make these "very fresh" noodles ;)We ordered a bunch of beef noodle soups and spicy cucumbers and grabbed a table in the main hall. Every so often we would check up on them and they were pretty realistic with the time. We maaay have had a few tacos at Los Mariscos while we waited :PThe noodles are on point. The beef is super tender. The broth is probably the best part of the meal and you can literally smell it from halfway down Chelsea Market. This stuff is legit. The cucumbers are also redonks good and are more sweet than spicy. We are huge fans and can't wait to return!
Great place. 1000% true, cannot get any fresher than what they serve. The chef does and artistry dance while making noodles out of fresh dough. I ordered lamb , quite different kind. Overall bang for your buck. They do not have any seating space..
Biang biang! I shot it down. Biang biang! Noodles hit the ground. Biang biang! That delicious sound. Biang biang! My baby shot me down.As you may be unaware, "biang" is the onomatopoeia when in the process of hand-pulling noodles, they're smacked against a hard flat surface. I think it's a real honor and treat for anybody in their lifetime to have the chance at tasting a dish that gets better with craftsmanship. With that said, if a robot with hands pull the noodles, is it still authentic?"We have rights and emotions too!" - Robot. SHUT UP ROBOT! *Robot tilts head down in sadness*Anywho, if you've never had the opportunity for hand-pulled, you're in for an experience. Despite the compact workspace, you'll catch a glimpse of the chef working his hand-pulling magic. Might as well, because you'll be waiting for your noodles for close to an hour... yeup. There's other stuff in the food hall, so grab a beer or something in the meanwhile.The host recommends getting the broth, but I suspect a lot of patrons are here for the "endless noodles". You won't be able to witness your food in it's infinite glory if you decide to take this recommendation, so follow your heart and/or stomach.As for taste... it's good. I wouldn't consider this anything spectacular outside the realm of hand-pulled noodles. It is very fresh, as the namesake goes, but I think this actually hurts the dish. I bought the cumin broth and all the flavors are there: spicy and more spicy, but the noodles haven't had time to mingle with the broth. Pulling out (hehe) the noodles aren't laced with soup. It's a two step process where I have to eat the noodles and sip the broth separately. It's a little disheartening.Biang! You're gonna carry that weight.
Over-hyped for sure. My review is biased as well. I've tried many and still on the search for the 'best' Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.Cool Factor: 4/5 -so you see them making handmade noodles behind the glass, cool.Wait Factor: 3/5-since it is made to order, you're going to be waiting about 5-10 minutes depending on the lineAppearance Factor: 1/5-broth was light in color-thick noodles was a firstTaste Factor: 1/5-I wasn't a fan of the noodle texture nor the taste of the beef and broth
As fresh as they claim. Made to-go.Came here on Black Friday around 12:30PM. Usually on the weekends there's a long line at this place, so I was pleasantly surprised to find there were no crowds at Chelsea Market.We ordered the Tingly Cumin Lamb Soup and the Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck Dry. You can choose Soup (with broth) or Dry( without broth) for either, it's personal preference, both are delicious. There are only four main items on the menu and you can't really go wrong, they only serve what they do best.The Lamb Soup was a little bit spicy and sour, the sourness is from pickled veggies that are finely chopped up in both dishes. The shredded lamb was tender, but relied on the soup for flavor and didn't seem like it was seasoned before cooking. The noodles were perfect! Chewy yet tender, you can watch them pull them by hand, just be careful while you're eating because they're super long. Chelsea Market barely has seating, so we ate in a nearby windowsill.The first time I tried the Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck, I thought it was real duck, this time I could tell since I knew beforehand(not a bad thing). It comes with plenty of shiitake mushrooms, bok choy, and green onions, so it is super fresh, but again tastes a bit sour from the pickled veggies.Seems like a good place to come for lunch if you work in the area, otherwise there are other hand-pulled noodle places around the city that are on the same level and/or better than Very Fresh Noodles.
The soup base of this noodle is too strong and savoury. Noodle is good. But compared to other places in chelsea market, this one is ok. Worth trying coz its pretty special but i wont come back for the noodle
Let me start with.. Im not a fan of noodles or broth in general but OMG soooo delicious! Broth so flavorful & the noodles were thick but still super light! & they didn't skimp on the meat. YUMM! Line was long compared to other booths but it was worth it. 30-45 minute wait from when we ordered but so worth it!
Tucked in the corner in Chelsea Market, this noodle place is simple and delicious, serving a big Taiwanese beef bowl of soup and fresh noodles, hence the name. I was so excited to try this and didn't leave disappointed. The noodles were perfectly al dente. The soup bowl was large in size and the broth was super flavorful with plenty of tender, fall apart beef shanks with a ton of pickled mustard greens, cilantro and scallion. It also had good heat to it. Very similar to Xian but also unique to its own standards. A great try for sure.
Despite the hundreds of other resturants in Chelsea market, I just keep unconciously coming back to this place to eat! Something about their handmade noodles and savory soup keeps me addicted! Twice I've come to this place now, once with my family and once with my friends. Yes, it takes a while for you to get your food, espciaially when there are twenty people ahead of you. Yes, the food can be a bit salty and you might want to get a drink w that. Yes, they do not provide any places to sit which can be an inconvenience if you have to eat a bowl of hot soup noodles on the floor. But there's just something in the flavoring of their soup that makes me crave it even in the middle of summer. Oh, and I can't forget their generous heapings of meat! One serving is way more than enough, the portions being so huge! No, I'm not a picky, eat-one-bite-and-im-full type of girl. I can eat a lot when I'm hungry, and after walking around the High Line for several hours and entertaining my friends, I am one hungry af girl. Very Fresh Noodles provides appetizing, quality noodles on any day that is totally worth the wait! *tip, order the soup base, not the dry base noodles. The soup is like  but the dry base, while also great and all but ten times saltier **tip of another tip, it says that it's spicy but tbh it's not. Like I can't even eat cup ramen cause it's too much on me, but this I can tolerate! You might get a bead of sweat, but you'll just end up eating it all anyways lol
Delicious beef noodle soup! Their noodles are, in fact, very fresh -- we watched them hand-make and hand-pull the noodles. When we got our bowl of noodle soup, the noodles were cooked just right -- not too chewy but also not soggy and overdone. The soup base was also delicious and spicy (you can customize how spicy when you order). The bowls are quite large, and prices are reasonable, considering what you get. Would come back again!
Super fresh nudles indeed! Delicious, fresh. They gave us so much food we couldn't finish the dish.So far the best place I ate in New York. Definitely great value for your money.
The dish was well seasoned and fresh. However, I found the noodles too thick in density and doughy. I also didn't like the beef as it was extremely fatty.
Visited this place on a Saturday afternoon, the wait was about an hour long! Put in my order at 2:45 pm, walked around the market, came back an hour later, and my noodle was ready. So definitely stop by this place first and put in your order then walk around the market!Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup was good, definitely different from the traditional version!Broth: just enough flavor, ask for extra extra spicy if you love spicy foodNoodle: fresh, chewy, not too heavyBeef: it's like a good quality piece of salmon, it melts in your mouth
Amazing noodles...great depth of flavour and watching them prepare while you eat is a great show!
This is an exceptional place to catch fast food.  They make three things and that is all but when you do it right that's all you need.  You can have your soup without a lot of broth which they called dry or you can have it with this most delicious broth which must have been cooking for a month.Ignore all of the other many choices within Chelsea Market and just go here for the best food in the city.The hand drawn noodles are the bomb.
3.5The name says it all, Very Fresh Noodles is what they make right before your eyes and they taste just as good. I was somewhat disappointed in the broth however, felt like it was missing something. Still you get a good portion of noodles and protein for around $10.
I came here for lunch on a Saturday, and to be honest, I wasn't expecting much given the name. However, my friends insisted that this place is the bomb, and so I got dragged into grabbing food here. And it turned out to be surprisingly good (thanks friends!).Very Fresh Noodles is a noodle shop that's tucked into the corner of Chelsea market, amongst the myriad of other food options in the building. It's not that hard to find though, given that it's one of the places with the longest lines there. And there's a good reason for the line.The noodles were extremely tasty (and chewy, cause they hand-make them there). The spices were great - just enough to hit the spot, but not overboard. I'd say it's noticeable better than its competitor, Xian Famous Foods, but you will have to suffer through a long line and higher prices for the quality.The portions are a bit small, especially given the price, but the taste more than made up for it. After ordering your food, you usually still need to wait 20 min before you get it. So if you do end up coming here, be prepared to spend some extra time enjoying your people/tourist watching in the Chelsea market.
Stop by for some noodle and soup on a chili day in NYC before work. I don't know about you; I can't work on an empty stomach and noodle and soup on a cold day makes the soul warm and cozy lol. Expect a wait if you decide to go there during lunch rush time. A pet peeve of mine is hearing people in line complaining about the time; first and foremost, this is not a fast food joint. The kitchen is small, with a max of 3 peoples working at a time. One assembling the dishes, one pulling the noodles, and one checking the noodles are cooked. When waiting for my noodles all I see are 3 individuals doing their best. Your noodles will come, there's enough pressure on the staff to get the orders out in a timely manners, there's no need a any point to put more pressure. Anyone complaining won't make your noodles come any faster. Stop complaining. Once you get your noodles, be thankful and enjoy them. Quite a vent to start off my morning in what should be a beautiful Sunday. I got myself the Taiwanese beef noodles in soup. The aroma of soup is amazing, beef is tender, noodle are cooked perfectly al dente aka firm to the bite. Can't complain much. I'll definitely be back to try the tingly lamb.
Very Fresh Noodles serves one of the most authentic Taiwanese hand pulled noodles I've had in NYC. Not only do they pull the noodles once you order, but they also serve your meal very quickly, making Very Fresh noodle an awesome place for anyone in a hurry. I highly recommend their hand pulled noodles with lamb. The meat is both plentiful and extremely tender.
I couldn't forget the feeling of beef melting in my mouth and the subtleties in the beef soup from the authentic beef noodle I had in Taiwan! Once I heard about this new Taiwan noodle place, I couldn't wait to pay a visit! The noodle has all the essential elements like chewy noodle, quality beef, thick soup, and pickled veggies, yet it is merely half as authentic. The noodle soup was a bit greasy for me. The spice in the soup overlook the natural sweetness of the beef. The soup also misses the subtleties of different ingredients. The noodle is pulled unevenly. The pickled veggie tastes very good tho.I would probably prefer Xi'an and spicy village in Chinatown over this place.
Perhaps a bit overhyped though I did enjoy the dish. My noodle soup had great flavor and spice, but the hand pulled noodles was a bit lacking. The idea of the freshness is great, but when it's busy and the person making the noodles is rushed the quality suffers a bit. Next time my mom visits I'll take her here to try.
I wanted to know what is differ between this store and another chain. The spiciness of Ver Fresh Noodles' lamb noodle soup was more tolerable. Their cucumber salad was surprising on the sweet side. It would be nice if those cucumbers were not served to us drenching in oil. This is a simple meal that isn't overwhelming in terms of oiliness or heaviness!
we ordered dry tingly cumin lamb and tingly cumin beef soup.. noodles were great, very tender and chewy but broth for soup was not that flavorful.. very bland. the amount of meat that they put were generous though.. but no table and a long wait time for your food to be cooked. not sure if i will come back. I would rather go to Xian's.
SO GOOD.Forget every other place you wanted to visit in Chelsea Market and go straight here!! I've had the both the beef and the lamb and each are delicious! The broth is bursting with flavor, the meat is always fall-off-the-bone tender (though there aren't any actual bones lol), and I love the texture of the noodles which is consistent. It's got the right amount of chewiness without being doughy or gummy. If you think that 14 bucks is a little steep, please know that this will fill you up for HOURS. Between the meat, veggies, noodles, and possibly broth (if you're a broth drinker), you won't be thinking about another meal for some time! Truthfully, I have something of a hard time eating the dish because I'm not certain how to eat one long, continuous noodle, but that doesn't take away from the dish at all. The minor struggle is always welcome.
Came to the Chelsea market to look for something to eat for dinner so many different vendors but this one stood out to me the most and I do not regret eating here! I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and it was absolutely delicious! The soup was flavorful noodles were fresh but a wished it was a little thinner. The big chunks of beef were so tender and literally fell apart as I was picking it up with my chopsticks. The only thing I'd change would be getting it more spicy!
The broth was flavorful without being too oily or heavy and the lamb was tender but not melt in your mouth tender . I thought I told the man I ordered a beef but I got a lamb noodle soup instead . I usually do not like lamb but theirs was not gamey at all which was surprisingly  good . The noodles though I did not care for , it was undercooked but I don't know if that's how they want u to have it . I could taste the flour and had an unappealing texture . I wish they have more noodle options , a thin noodle would have made this a 5 star place
Fantastic. Spicy beef noodle soup is super good. Homemade noodle is out of this world, beef is tender perfection. Worth the wait
3.5 stars.The noodles are phenomenal and boy is it fun to watch them actually handpull the noodles in front of the glass window, but the service is shockingly slow when there is even a small group of people ordering. Come during the weekday and you'll find the wait is ~3-5 min to be served. Come on a weekend you'll be waiting a solid 20 min.The spicy beef noodle soup is delicious with just the right amount of savor, fresh greens, fall apart beef, and amazing broth. Tiger salad is super refreshing and has a nice light sesame flavor to it. The owner is really nice and apologetic if you do have to wait a long time to be served, but it seems to me they could just be ready to dole the broth out faster during busy weekends?In either case if you're in Chelsea market and want something authentically asian, you should stop by!
Had the cumin lamb noodles.  (I am not a noodle person but ever since I came across this dish, have been craving it about once a week!  Also good enough that I never felt the desire to actually try anything else on the menu).It's pretty heavy on the seasoning (reminds me of Xi'an Famous Foods which always makes me queasy after for ingesting so much oil/sodium) but the saving grace here is the very freshly hand made, satisfyingly al dente, wide noodles, that perfectly counter the seasoning.Dry and soupy versions both good.  FYI there is no phone number for the place, so you just have to come in and order in person.  I guess it's by design, so you can enjoy the true freshness of their namesake noodles.
Saturday late afternoon and trekking through the market can be a hassle. Braved the storm of people for these highly rated noodles pulled apart in front of you while waiting.The stall is tucked away into one of the giant food courts here, and despite it's small area, you can see the chefs hard at work pulling the noodles. Menu is straight forward with about 4 overall options - settled on the Tingly Cumin Beef in soup ($12). Meal came out in about 10 minutes, poured into a sturdy to-go container. Although hot, wasn't too hard to eat; big chunks of meat inside a well-spiced broth, accompanied by a few veggies and the hand-pulled noodles. Noodles are way chewier than I expected, as well as being fairly thick. Not bad but certainly different from what I'm used to. The beef and broth combo is fantastic; filling you up quick.Service here is genuinely upbeat; guys working the front talk to the customers and keep the line happy. Interesting take on the noodles, and would try to come back to see their other options.
Came here due to this video that was on facebook. :) So, I think the set up is real cute, tiny little place hidden in Chelsea Market. It was buzzing around 7:30PM on a Friday night. The guy who took our order was very efficient, spoke really fast, and quickly recommended if we were first timers to get the lamb with soup. We waited about 10 minutes for our food, and you have to hopefully find a table in the open areas to eat it! He tells everyone to eat it right away. After eating at other noodle places, I wish the noodles were chewier, and I wish there was maybe one more piece of noodle in there? There is only 1 long piece! I agree with others that the price point is a big high for what you get. In terms of flavor, it was amazing, but the noodles let me down. The lamb soup really isn't spicy at all, so don't worry ordering it if you are worried about the spice level.
This small stand is located in Chelsea market. It's really good, but you need to get there early. They might be sold out of certain things by dinner time. Luckily we got some beef noodle soup and it's some of the best I've ever had. The close proximity to highline park makes it a great place to pick up some lung and enjoy it with a view.
Omg, after bookmarking and drooling over their IG account, i finally went to their location!! I was not disappointed! Beef tender, broth perfect, just the right amount of spices! The only thing is that I wish they gave me more broth, I had a lot of noodles left over. Next time I'll just ask for a little more broth. Other than that I have nothing to complain about! Staff was ftiendly! I will be back!
My husband's and my cherries for popped here when we got to experience our first bowl of lamb cumin noodle soup. Our taste buds went to a happy place of zing and nirvana!!!!The noodles are made fresh right of you. The use of cumin in the dish is significant compared to Xi'an Famous Foods which we tried the following day. We waited about 10 min for our dishes and sat down at an open table in the open market. I highly recommend getting the lamb or beef cumin noodle soup! LAMB/BEEF Cumin Noodle Soup = 5 StarsCustomer Service = 5 Stars
So delis! They make the noodles right in front of you too. We went on a Sunday so naturally there was a line but the noodle man keeps you amused as you watch them prepare each noodle bowl. Once you order there is about a 10-15 minute wait as they prepare your food. I love that they emphasis on the fact that it's best to consume immediately for best taste if you're taking it to go. Noodles were doughly, soup was light and they definitely do NOT skimp on the meat. I shared a bowl with a friend and we had more than enough of the beef. Definitely worth the wait.
Awesome Taiwanese noodle spot located in Chelsea market! They make fresh handmade noodles that are pulled, cut and boiled right in front of you when you order. So the noodles are SUPER fresh! They are on the thicker side but that's the style of the noodle. I LOVE that they have a vegan version with a rich mushroom broth, mock duck meat, bokchoy etc-- the flavors are perfectly balanced with some vinegar. I tried the soup version and it was amazing. I definitely would return the next time I am craving something hot and soupy-- great for the winter!! The only thing is that the wait is a little long (around 10-15min after you order) since everything is made to order. Great spot in chelsea market! Great vegan option. Try it!
It's a very different type of Beef Noodle Soup. The noodle is one long thick noodle that is stretched out to order and cut. Its not the typical hand cut noodles, where it is shaved off or the thin ones that get stretched out. The spice in the soup was good, nice flavors. But because the noodles are that freshly made, it doesn't give much time for the noodles to absorb the flavors.
So I stopped by Very Fresh Noodles recently. I have to say this small stand in Chelsea Market is pumping out some big flavor!!!!! I had the Tingley Cumin Beef dry.... and it was awesome. Great beef to Noodles ratio... seasoning, flavor, it had everything. The price it worth the meal folks. I'm giving VFN (4) stars. I'm going there again soon and if they are consistent with there dishes then I will up to (5) stars.  Will keep you posted Yelpers!!!!
Amazing Taiwanese braised beef noodles, so aromatic you can smell it a mile away (jk or maybe from the entrance of Chelsea market). This take out joint is a hidden gem in the market and is worth a stopover amongst the many other delicious food joints nearby.
Noodles are made right in front of your eyes and the broth is rich in flavor. My food was prepared in minutes but keep in mind this in Chelsea market which means you have to find your own seats.
I had high hopes for this place but the noodles were soggy and gelatinous. The broth was definitely flavorful so I have to give three stars for that. I don't know if I'd make the trek to try this again. Seeing the noodles made right in front of you is fun (and Instagram worthy).
Excellent beef noodle soup definately worth the wait. Loved the fresh herbs and seasoning, noodle texture and flavor of the beef soup overall. Thank you!
Come thru for the insane noodle making action and the infinity noodle--I swear the entire bowl had a max of two insanely long noodles inside.I got the lamb cumin noodle soup, and loved the noodles--clearly fresh (although that was never in doubt since you can literally watch them make the noodles) and nicely chewy.The soup itself was a little oily and it was definitely overpriced compared to my fave at Spicy Village, but for Chelsea Market it was a good portion of food for the price. I also appreciated how they didn't skimp on the lamb at all!Overall definitely worth coming if you're in Chelsea Market--be prepared to wait because there's always a long line, but it's worth it for fresh, authentic soup noodles.
Came here because it looked so good online. The wait was 5 minutes. The staff is great. Seating is limited, but we luckily found standing tables out in the hallway. I was super hungry so my first bite of the regular, mild beef broth tasted so comforting and flavorful. It reminded me of an oily Vietnamese bun bo hue. The noodles are only OK--nothing to write home about. Unfortunately I let them sit for a bit while I talked to a friend, so the noodles became soggy and the broth started to taste a little sour.
others may like it but the noodles are too wide for me, like eating a flat long wide ruler. the soup is also really oily. we also had the cucumber, although that was good again swimming in oil. others around me also had very oily soup. i guess that's the theme.
I saw these noodles on my friend's Instagram and I could not wait to try them when I visited NYC!  The lamb noodles did not disappoint.  The fresh hand pulled noodles are amazing with the perfect bite and chewiness.  The broth was flavorful with the right amount of spices. Their location is tucked away in a corner in Chelsea Market but is woth the find of you want to eat the best noodles.  I wish they had something like this in DC!
I ordered the tingly cumin lamb.  It was delicious, it might have been the best pieces of lamb that I've tasted.  The noodles were melt in your mouth delicious.  I plan on visiting very fresh noodles again in the winter.
Sooo much better than Xian. Best hand pulled noodles in the city. I got the tingly beef dry. The noodles are SO fresh. Great texture. The beef was cooked very well too. The sauce was intense but very tasty. Overall, just a filling, high-quality, solid dish
Very tasty , We ordered the mild broth and suspect that we received the spicy which was salty as wellHandmade noodles, stretched while you watch.Very memorable place
I very much enjoyed the Tingly Cumin Lamb dish (dry) yesterday evening.  The dish is packed full of flavor and delicious fresh noodles.  These noodles are very similar to Xi'am Famous Noodles; however, I have to admit I prefer Xi'an since their noodles are a little more firm than Very Fresh's.
3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up. I actually didn't have high expectations, but their food was surprisingly pretty good. Much better than Berlin Currywurst which also newly opened at Chelsea Market. I had high expectations for that and was somewhat disappointed.The first time I tried this place, I came with a group at night. I got the Tingly Cumin Beef (Dry) because they were out of lamb. The cumin flavor was delicious and I loved how much pickled mustard greens they put in the noodles. The beef was tender, but they use shredded beef instead of chunks. The Tingly Cumin Beef tastes better dry than in soup. I tasted my friend's soup version and it did nothing for the noodles except make it too soft. I got a taste of my friend's Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup and wow, it was actually really good. It was a bit redder and oilier than regular Taiwanese beef noodle soup, but the flavor was spot on. Some place make it too sweet, but their version was nice and spicy. I also love how much pickled mustard greens they put into this as well. It really makes it taste so much better.Instead of chunks of beef, all the noodles used shredded beef. We weren't sure if it was because the beef stewed so long (since we came at night) that it fell apart or they did it on purpose. I came back during lunch another day to see and it was also shredded beef. For lunch I got the mild version, which still has a decent kick to it. For some reason, the soup base didn't taste as good as the first time I had it. It was less beefy and more just spicy. I would have liked some nice chunks of beef shank instead, as Taiwanese beef noodle soup is supposed to have.It's cool that they pull the noodles for every order. You get a show along with your food. It didn't take too long either. The noodles are way too thick and doughy though. It's fine if you eat it dry, but when sitting in the soup for a while, they get pretty unappetizing.It's only their soft opening now. I wish they were able to have their full menu before my last day of class, since they supposedly had on the menu something called a broke college student combo. Once they have their full menu, I'll be back to try their non-noodle dishes.
I have incredibly, incredibly high standards when it comes to Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Conversely, I also came to Very Fresh Noodles with very low expectations, but was still curious to see if the quality and taste could at least compel me to make a return trip. The stand is located way in the back corner of the clustered section of Chelsea Market, and it's easy to miss on your first go. There's no seating, although you can probably loiter around the neighboring windowsill.The broth of the beef noodle soup was pretty flavorful, although a little too greasy for my tastes. There's not really any nuance to the addition of chili oil, and they're a little too generous with it during preparation. The noodles are freshly pulled, and while I typically like my noodles this way, the pulls are very uneven, resulting in some really, really overly dense chews. There just needs to be a little more uniformity.  The pickled greens were delicious, and add that little bit of sourness that really made the richness of the beef and broth a bit more tolerable. The beef was fine, although it was probably cooked a little too long, and became more like shredded beef than the chunks that I'm normally used to. I understand I'm being very nitpicky with everything, but for me, it is a matter of pride and deep nostalgia.Service was pretty quick and helpful. They even fulfilled all my little requests, like more pickled veggies and less cilantro, which was quite unexpected, but very welcomed. However, the bowl was very expensive at $15, including tax and tip. Not something I could go for everyday or even monthly. The quality is slightly higher than what you would find in Chinatown, but not double the quality. Yikes.Would I come back? Yes, but only because it's less than a 5 minute walk away, and perhaps only when I REALLY feel nostalgic. Not a bad place for some good, fresh biang biang noodles, but be prepared to pay a premium for it. I'm more inclined though to make the trek down to Xi'an FF for some pulled noodles, and Flushing for Taiwanese beef noodle soup.
Long line but well worth it! So many options in the Chelsea market and to pass each one up and have noddles is the best way! I had the braised beef noddles and the spice was just perfect. The hardest part is finding a place to sit and eat. Luckily I found a tall table to place my bowl on to enjoy the noodles. The container they put it in gets hot fast so make sure you find a spot first or ask them to put it in a bag.
Is this a XiAn famous food wannabe?  I wouldn't pay the price for the food quality!  Totally disappointed after seeing videos about this place on social media. I'm heart breaking!
This place is so good! The noodles are amazing and the broth is so good! I would eat this every day if I lived here!
Omg omg omg I had the best lamb noodle soup from this place when they first opened. It's been a little over a year since then and I still dream about this soup. I am literally drooling thinking about all the deliciousness in one bowl. I have to find the time to go back.
Had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Flavors were amazing. The noodles are huge and a bit hard to eat. Only thing that is missing at this spot are some tables so one can sit down and enjoy the meal.
I saw an INSIDER video about this restaurant and put it on my list of places to try out. I was able to go with a friend a few weeks ago and I'm still thinking about how yummy it was!Very Fresh Noodles is basically a stand located inside Chelsea Market - just follow the signs to the small corner it occupies. They close at 9pm and we arrived around 8pm to a very long line. We were quickly told that they would only be able to fulfill the next 20 noodle orders and apologized for the inconvenience. Luckily, my friend and I made the cut with only two or three people behind us also getting their order fulfilled - phew! We perused the [very short] menu and watched the noodles being pulled through the clear glass into their "kitchen" while we waited for the line to move. I knew I wanted to get one of the beef noodles and my friend was set on the Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck, Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms dish ($12). When we made it to the front of the line, the guy who took our order was very friendly and explained the difference in beef choices to me. He suggested I get the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup ($12), which he said was the most popular. I love extra spicy foods so I opted for the spicy version vs the mild one. We paid and waited another 15 minutes for our order to be ready. Since they had run out of food for the remaining customers, they offered them Cleaver-Smashed Cucumbers for free which I thought was very nice of them. They also offered this appetizer to all of those who were waiting for their orders. My friend and I were fasting that day so the delicious cucumbers were perfect for when it was time to break our fast since the food was not ready yet. We finally got our food around 8:40pm and found an unoccupied table in front of Sarah Beth's to enjoy our dinner.The noodles were amazing and the soup was spicy and flavorful. The beef was plentiful, tender and fell apart as you picked it up. My friend's vegan dish was also flavorful and she thoroughly enjoyed it. I am a bit of a slow eater so by the time I got halfway through the soup, I started to notice the noodles and beef getting a bit soggy and not as good. I was still able to finish most of it and would definitely come back to try it again and eat it faster next time!
The line was super long, but we decided to wait. However, after we paid, we realized there was still another hour wait to get our food. The kitchen was tiny but packed with 5 employees working their ass off to make noodles. It was a chaos. Someone spilled a bucket of oil on the ground and they sprinkled flour or salt to cover it up. Flavor was good, I liked the vinegary soup (4 stars for the food), but the condition of the kitchen made me worry about the sanitary of my food. I would not return for the kind of wait.
There aren't very many places to get noodles in the Chelsea area, so I was surprised when this place opened in Chelsea market. I will admit I was drawn in by the Insider video, and the fact that they make the noodles right in front of you. Watching them make the noodles is very entertaining while you wait in line for your noodles. I ordered the dry tingly cumin lamb noodles and the mild beef noodle soup here (both $12.86). The noodles were a little soggy, but I think it was because I didn't eat them right away. The flavors were pretty good, but it was a little too oily. The beef was very tender, but there were only a couple pieces of beef.The prices here were steep for what it was. Both dishes ended up being $28 altogether. Since it's in Chelsea Market, I expected the prices to be a little higher, but there are much better noodle places in Chinatown for less than half the price. If you want noodles, I suggest you make the trip down to Chinatown.
Honestly, the food was a little pricy, but it was completely worth it because those were some of the best noodles and soup ive ever had! Also, it lives up to its name because they cook the noodles in front of you.
My favorite noodles place. The noodles are made just the texture I like. The broth is very flavorful with spice.  Better than most of the restaurants out there. Must try.
Great quick bite to eat! The noodles are made right in front and tasted fresh indeed. I ordered the extra spicy tingly dry noodles. I think it tasted less oily than Xian noodles. The beef was so tender it would melt in my mouth. Lines can get long, so I recommend going before noon
Currently in soft opening mode with a limited menu. My friend and I came to this new food stand in Chelsea Market on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered two bowls of the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and one order of the cucumber appetizer.The good:- I feel like this is one of the most refined bowls of hand-pulled noodles I've ever had, with fall-apart tender beef and thinly sliced bok choy. - Broth was super flavorful and spicy, which I like, but might be a bit much for some.- I hope this hearkens a new Chinese style handpulled noodle boom - we have enough ramen already, people.The bad:- Noodles were a bit too thick for my liking. Xian and the Chinatown joints do this much better.- Cucumbers were not smashed, which is the right way to do this dish so all the sauce soaks into the crevices. Instead the app was just a bunch of cubed cukes in a vinegar/chili oil sauce.- Pretty expensive for a bowl of noodles, but I guess that's to be expected in this part of town.The ugly:- No seating (there are two windowsills you can set up shop in) and the area around the stall gets really hot from all the steam from the soups. This place also seems to be pretty popular - my friend and I just beat the rush, and they actually sold out (!) of noodles about an hour after we arrived.- Service seems pretty scattered, but hopefully they're working out the kinks. They forgot to make my bowl extra spicy, and didn't give us the appetizer at all until I reminded them.Wouldn't come out of my way for it again, but I can see myself dropping by if I were in the area and had a hankering for beef noodle soup. For the price, I think that mokbar (also in the Chelsea Market) might be a better bet for noodles in general - and they have actual seating.
The noodles are so under cooked and fell like wet soggy dough and would never eat again I had the worst time after eating it HORRIBLE!! Two star forthright presentation. But one last thing the soup tasted so sweet bad sauce and noodles make a bad combo. Would not recommend!!
Wow! I liked this place. I didn't expect I would like it, because I was thinking what to eat at Chinatown; there are alot of choices, but ate soooo many time
Fresh hand pulled noodles! Count me in! Haha.  Had to try this place when I was in New York.  A little hard to find, but well worth it.  I came by early so I don't have to wait the long lines. And yes it was all worth it.  All ingredients were fresh, especially the noodles that were hand pulled before my eyes.  The texture is really great, and they pile on meat too.  I can imagine having a massive hungover and eating a bowl noodle from here to cure it.  Anyhow will for sure come back the next time I stop by Manhattan.
This place was my favorite place to eat in New York. I had the spicy beef noodles soup and it did not disappoint. The beef was tender, broth creamy, and noodles chewy. We came right when they opened and there was no wait. Food came out quickly. I just wish that they had a place to sit down.
This place is the real deal. Legit biang biang noodles, which are actually just one giant, perfectly chewy noodle, made fresh for each individual order? Check. Soups with real depth of flavor? Check. That cumin lamb flavor combo we all know and love? Check. Some good heat and vinegar to add some kick? Check. Lastly, some pickled mustard tuber (I'm pretty sure?) and other veggies that take this whole dish to the next flavor level? Check. The Taiwanese spicy beef noodle soup is also really good!!I've been back twice in the past week, and am happy to report that this spot is consistent in quality and in customer service. The owner is super friendly and chill. The wait around dinner time is non existent - go then!
Fantastic! You can watch them hand pull the perfectly cooked noodles. I also seriously appreciate that they did not skimp on the beef. The line may be long and there may not be seating, but it's so so worth it.
Great spot in the Chelsea Market to warm you up. It was the perfect addition to our snowy day visit. The noodles make the dish and they are generous portions so you will be satisfied. We split the vegan broth which was quite flavorful. The seiten wasn't my favorite, honestly it never is, but it was not overpowering and I was able to eat around it.
Tucked into a back corner of Chelsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles churns out generous portions of delicious soup.  A limited menu,  choose from biang-biang noodles in cumin broth with beef or lamb... there's a vegan option too.  I opted for the Le Mien, a spicy  beef noodle soup. Generous helpings of slow roasted beef paired beautifully wth nearly 6 feet (I assume) of one continuous noodle.  It was a delicious bowl of comfort food on a chilly rainy day.  Watching the staff make the noodles and the soup is half the fun.  Grab a bowl and check out the HighLine. You won't regret it!
I got the lamb. It was fresh and the flavor was good. However, the noodles were a little too chewy and thick for my taste. They made it less spicy for me! :)
I tried this place a while ago when they did their soft opening and was a bit disappointed.Finally got back around to trying it again and wow am I glad I did! They actually took the time and effort to perfect their dishes, which are absolutely amazing.The Tingly Cumin Beef dry is my personal favorite. Will definitely go back for more!
Great little food stall inside of Chelsea Market.  You HAVE to get the beef noodle soup if you go...on a cold day?  Probably one of the best soups of its kind.  My only complaint is that I wish the noodles were a little shorter, just a little.  But maybe I just wish that and it's something that makes the soup even better. Perfect texture and bite.I didn't find it all that exciting watching them make the noodles as some other on here mentioned, but still a great place for a quick stop if you are looking for some of the best Asian soups in the city.
Super light airy noodles - which they should be since they are hand pulled. Tasty broth, light on the spices so it's not too over powering and just the right amount of crunchy veggies. I wished it was a little tingler if that makes sense. I ordered the lamb cumin noodles - I was expecting more of a Sichuan tingly spice to it but it was lacking in that aspect. Everything is about the noodle soup was good! Actually went back and Ordered the beef la mei and the beef cumin noodle to see if it was all good or not! Hey - a girl doesn't go to New York that often ok.
Two thumbs up to the Taiwanese Beef Noodles!! I'm from Taiwan originally. Currently visiting New York from LA. I have to say I haven't had better in LA! The texture of the noodles, not too thick and fairly chewy. The broth and the beef are all on point! How freakin hard is that in the US (I'm extremely picky when it comes to my noodles)! Wow I'm gonna miss it so much when I go back.
Very fresh noodles. The name does not lie. Get the cumin beef noodles. Massive portions (split between 2 and I was still stuffed), hand pulled noodles, and delicious soup.
Okay. So my friends and I stumbled across this place last Sunday. It's tucked away in Chelsea Market. We were just walking around and smelled something ABSOLUTELY delicious. We were wondering, "What the heck is this?" I quickly grabbed the menu and saw that it was the soft opening for this place. Looking down the menu, we saw hand pulled noodles. Then I saw it: TAIWANESE BEEF NOODLE SOUP.It's REALLY rare for me to find beef noodle soup in New York, so I just HAD to get this.We quickly looked at each other and decided right away that we needed to get this. We just had to.There was no seating for us, because there were some people already eating there. So we sat the window sill, between the four of us, we ordered two taiwanese beef noodle soup. We DEVOURED IT. Oh, did I mention? It was 3 PM and we already had a meal beforehand. It was hella good.I actually came back here on the Wednesday with more friends to get more beef noodle soup.The hand pulled noodles are super good. A little bit too thick for my liking, but I think they're still figuring out their recipe. Great pickled vegetables and beef as well.Can't wait to come back here more often.
Very Fresh Noodles is a nice little spot occupying more or less a counter at Chelsea Market. There is no seating in the immediate surrounding area, but if you're lucky you might find some seating a little further away. In terms of the wait, on a rainy Saturday afternoon, the wait was probably around 15 minutes for the food. I got the Cumin Lamb soup and it was very good. The broth was very strong and flavorful, and the lamb was tender and flavorful as well. The price was reasonable at about 12 dollars. This is a perfect spot to hit up during the winter seasons. The noodles are rather thick and spongy which I enjoyed.
This place is overrated. I ordered the lamb cumin noodles - my noodles were under cooked, the broth was exceedingly oily, and the soup wasn't amazing. The lamb itself with the toppings were quite good.Do yourself a favor and go to Xi'an Famous Foods or make the trek to Chinatown or Flushing for a better bowl of hand pulled noodles. Or, if you want food in Chelsea Market, go for a fish taco at Los Mariscos.
Is no longer "very fresh"; spent most of the night with one of the worst cases of food poisoning in years.  This is unfortunately what seems to happen to many a NY hot spot.  Only my second time here and it's been a few months since my first visit, but the quality has fallen off a cliff in those few months.  The first time, Very Fresh lived up to all the hype in the NYTimes review.  Noodles so perfect that we said we would never go back to Xian's.  The wait was forty minutes, but those noodles and that broth were worth it.  Fast forward 3 months, noodles were gummy, thick, stuck to each other in a globby mess.  They had no lamb, wait was 10 minutes (red flag?) and our orders - one spicy and one mild - were both incredibly mild.  No depth to the flavor of the beef or broth, no anise, no ginger, no garlic, nothing but a sour taste of vinegar (red flag no. 2?).  Then I spent the rest of the night in blinding agony.  Maybe Peter Trondeau and Victor Huang think Very Fresh will survive on 1x visit tourists and maybe their right given their location.  All I know is that there will not be a trip number 3 for me.  What a waste.
The beef noodle soup here is LEGIT. 1. The broth had complex, nuanced flavors, mixing spicy with sweet and salty and even a hint of herbal notes (what was it? anise? cinnamon?) but not too much. 2. The noodles were great, chewy and springy. We just wish there were MORE.3. The meat was tender and buttery. 4. The vegetables worked well with the meat, a combination of thinly sliced cucumber and bok choy. It was easy to slurp down the vegetables with a fresh crunch along with the juicy noodles. It's not that expensive to make just a little bit more dough per soup, yeah? How about just 25% more noodle? Loved this place.
Their beef soup noodle is amazing! They handmade the noodles in front of us so it's fresh! The soup and beef is flavorful and the beef is very tender. I love the el dente noodle texture. I will def come back!
OMG vegan Taiwanese "beef" noodle soup. So nostalgic. Haven't had anything like this since becoming a vegetarian over 10 years ago. This is literally a dream come true. Vegan noodle soup: I love the random stretched noodles, mildly tingly broth, and enormous portion of mushrooms. It is almost perfect except I found a couple small pieces of meat... I think it flew in during the noodle-making dance. Also it is slightly on the oily side, but I definitely recommend for any vegetarian Taiwanese looking for a taste of childhood.
Yum yum & yum! These guys are awesome! They made me delicious noodles. I got the beef one & it had a middle eastern flair. Lots of cumin! I don't know if they would have added the bokchoy but I asked & they put it on. I had to catch a flight & they tried to rush for me. So sweet! Amazing broth.
OUTSTANDING. I've been a vegetarian for over a year, and no restaurant has had a vegetarian/vegan option that tasted good. Coming from Hong Kong, I know good Chinese food. I can tell you that this place has good Chinese food, and they have a VEGAN option. Yes, a vegan option. The broth is made of mushrooms, but it honestly tastes like beef broth. It was so good, my sister went back for takeout! We're also planning a trip to Chelsea Market just to eat at this place, definitely destination worthy. My only negative thing to add is that the soup is pretty spicy, so you'll have to request less chili oil. Other than that, everything was simply amazing. The service was quick, the staff was polite and nice, and the noodles were darn good. Thank you for making vegan Chinese noodles, you are blessing the world one shop at a time!
It is simply not worth the price.First, the noodle is not good. Comparing with XiAn Famous, I will give the noodle a 1 star. It is soggy and doesn't represent the best of Chinese noodle.Second, the lamb is mediocre and doesn't taste good.The beef is reasonable but otherwise there is not anything else positive.
First time at Chelsea Market. I was wandering around, and came across this place. As soon as I walked in, I was attracted by the aroma. It smelled like ramen noodles, but when I looked closely, it was nothing like ramen. The noodles are hand-pulled, everything is freshly made, and the food was delicious. I ordered the Cumin Beef. Be prepared to wait!
Good noodles -- a bit too mushy though and not enough resistance. The broth is very flavorful but a bit too oily. One bowl will have you very full.
Quick and delicious! I got the Beef noodle because I can't handle spicy, but it was still full of spices and flavors that didn't burn my tongue. Pretty generous with their meat serving which I appreciate highly. They're big on cumin so get ready to stank a little bit after standing around waiting for your food if your shirt absorbs smells easily. Additionally, there is no seating by the stand, but there is if you walk out into the walkway are where there are tables and chairs. Try to go with someone so you're sure you have the table saved because it gets crowded in Chelsea Market!
The concept is cute but that's about it. I took the vegetarian noodles and the soup, the portions are huge but the food itself I didn't think was that tasty. Very very oily and doesn't taste too fresh. Fake duck wasn't so tasty. But it's a cool place!
Am slurping my cumin lamb soup down!!It's SO delicious! Worth the 35 minute wait on a Saturday afternoon at 3:30pm.The broth is flavorful and there is a wonderful balance of lamb, noodles & veggies. Lamb is very tender & cumin/spice  seasonings are just right. Husband had the beef noodle soup with generous portion of Bok Chou and that was fabulous as well! Very tender beef with flavorful broth.Friendly and helpful cashier. Fun to watch the guy pulling the noodles :)There's no place to sit down at the shop so we took the soups to go.We love Xi'an famous foods but this is better! Can't wait to come back!Highly recommended!
Very happy I checked it out.  I had the tingly beef noodles in broth.  The broth is tasty - a touch of sour, well-balanced savory and sweet, and robust flavor overall.  I drank the whole soup and wasn't getting a dry taste that you will get from soups that may have had msg or fake flavorings.  Also very generous with the beef as well as noodles.  Paid $13 and very happy so.  The lady cashier taking order was also polite and with great smile.  Keep up the good work guys.  Will come back for more!
Was so excited to try this never ending hand pulled noodle that everyone's been hyped about. Such a disappointment!! The noodles was unevenly pulled so therefore the textures was either too soft or it was too thick and chewy. Just like a mushy dough in your mouth. The stock was just okay, nothing really special. My girls barely ate it. Any cheap hand pulled noodle restaurants around 8th ave in Brooklyn will be much better than this.
Beef was suuuuuper tender and hot (burnt my tongue and idk). Noodles were fresh. Wish the broth was more spicy and flavorful but it was really really good for the price point. I had the Taiwanese La Mei
You must have a bowl of noodle here because everything is fresh and they even make the noodle from scratch in front of you. It's really delicious and I would love to go back here again.
Not too many places with decent Chinese food in New York City. Their menu is small, but they do it well. That's all I need. I prefer the spicy Tingly Cumin Lamb over the Taiwanese Beef Noodle. The noodles are fresh and are meant to be eaten there. It will get soggy if you wait too long. The Tingly Cumin Lamb is similar to the dishes at Xi'an Famous Foods, but less tingly which I prefer. Try to avoid lunch time and weekends. The wait can be long and near impossible to find seating to eat.
Located in Chelsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles, is probably the least hipster establishment. It is  actual authentic Taiwanese/Chinese food. I had trouble understanding half the menus of the other food places. I ended up getting the lamb ramen and boy, did I love it! While I was eating my noodles with my friend in the market, I was stopped by a few people who asked me where I got my food from. Let me eat my noodles in peace, people! However, I still gladly directed them to Very Fresh Noodles because I wouldn't want anyone missing out on some amazing ramen!
Came to Chelsea Market specifically for this spot and we made the right decision to pick this out of all the spots here. Noodles made in front of you is definitely satisfying. The taste is definitely authentic.. amazing. Must try if you come to Chelsea Market. Plus: FRIENDLY CREW!! Overall, worth a visit.
I got the dry tingly cumin noodles with lamb which was very accurate to its name. I enjoyed the first few bites but found the cumin really overpowering. My friend got the same dish but in soup which tasted better than mine so I would recommend getting the soup version. They did give a decent amount of meat and noodles thought so you are getting your money's worth.
Came in around 6pm on a Saturday and was surprised to see that there was no line. Don't let that fool you because the wait for the food ended up taking 30 minutes to prep (assuming this is because there were so many backed up orders). Even at 6pm, they were sold out of all beef dishes. I was a tad bit disappointed since I REALLY wanted to try the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Settled for the spicy lamb noodle soup with a side order of cucumbers since that was all they had left. When I finally got the food, it looked pretty basic and I didn't expect much. Boy was I wrong... the soup was soooooo flavorful and the noodles were perfectly chewy. I can't remember the last time I finished a whole bowl of noodle soup but I had no problem doing it here. I thought it would be similar to Xian Famous Foods but it tasted a lot more flavorful and was not very oily. Plus... they give you whole slices of lamb vs. the little bits of chopped up meat at Xian. The cucumbers were amazing too (sweet and a little spicy). It balanced out the spiciness from the soup very well. Taking off 1 star for the 30 minute wait and not having all the menu items. I will definitely be coming back to try the beef.
The beef noodle soup was ok. The noodle was fresh and chewy. The soup was flavorful, but too "stewy" for my taste. I prefer the soup to be more "watery." The total was $13.
I've always wanted to try this place but there was a long line and I couldn't find any seats. I was able to come here for an early lunch one day. I ordered the Tingly Beef noodles. The noodles were freshly made. It was fun watching them stretching the noodles and banging it and putting it into the water to cook. It was pretty spicy but it was delicious! I'm glad that I got a seat nearby because the cashier forgot to give me my bottle of water. I went back and they gave it to me no problem! Service was friendly. Will definitely return!
A good alternative to Xi'ans famous foods.  We were just leaving los tacos #1 when i saw this sign in the main hallway.We went to the back of the food area looking for this stall and it was a tiny hole in the wall. There really isn't any seating here at all.  The prices are way more expensive than xff ($12 for a bowl of noodles), but you're in Chelsea market, so even for that hole in the wall the rent is probably ridiculous and they don't have the volume to make up for it either.  They have been here for about 5 months and are still using the soft opening menu.  We had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup bowl and it was pretty good. The broth was good and the noodles were nice and chewy as well. There was a good amount of beef in it too.I'd love to see them expand to a real shop. It was pretty uncomfortable sitting on that window ledge while slurping hot noodles.
