Four of us had a really good dinner on a Saturday night.  The eggplant appetizer was really amazing.  Definitely use the sauce that comes with it.  The Bangali shrimp appetizer was also very good.  All our entrees were delicious (chicken tikka, chicken vindaloo, and saag panir), nicely seasoned, not too salty (as many Indian places can be).  Get the Naan basket and taste 4 different kinds of naan, all of them good.  The staff were also very good and helpful.  Definitely a find.
Indian Spice is amongst the best Indian cuisine in NYC.  Their Lamb Vindaloo and Lamb Biriyani were outstanding.  Highly recommended.
Indian spice is a place I can't wait to go back to! I feel sad I didn't come to this place sooner. The ambiance is very chill and not too crowded. Colorful table mats and decor. The food is spectacular and has great veg. and carnivore options. We got garlic and onion nann, samosas, mango chicken, lamb biyarani, chicken tondorri, and sagg panir. I apologize for my poor spelling of all these entrees...but all these dishes were so tasty and blend so well together, and individually. The green sauce is the best sauce I have ever had and we ordered an extra side of it! Can't wait to come back here!!!
Excellent service, always nice and polite. They even remember what you ordered one month ago.The food is excellent and given the fact that is Park Slope the price is great.Quality, service and price deserves a 5 star.Totally recommended!
Best Indian food I've had this year! I enjoyed the lamb vindaloo with garlic naan. The kids shared a savory chicken dish slow cooked in Indian spices. My wife's vegetarian dish was vibrant, fiery and fragrant! I could have skipped the desert- a cottage cheese hockey puck swimming in coconut milk but left an antiseptic  taste on the back of the tongue. Appetizers were too greasy. Dishes and utensils were clean and waitstaff was helpful! Overall, a great night out for the family!
Amazing Indian cuisine! Everything I have had here was simply delicious. 5 stars. Very friendly staff and great portions.
This place is fantastic. I found them on eat24 and they have one of the best deals in the city. $15 for an app, entree, rice, and naan. The food is always fresh and always comes on time.
Thought I ordered chicken tikka masala from the lunch menu. Was excited to see the lunch specials. Ended up being given chicken tikka (which is barbecued chicken with no sauce). The chicken was flavorful but extremely dry. Couldn't eat the relatively small lunch portion. Highly disappointed. Called the restaurant to inquire but was not offered to bring it back. Moronic to have chicken tikka and chicken tikka masala on the same lunch menu. Highly disappointed with the experience.
My family and I had first time tried Indian food. It was an unforgettable and amazing experience. The place was very nice and clean. The food was delicious. And the staff is very friendly, polite, and kind. We will definitely be back to get some lunch or dinner. Highly recommend. Thank you Indian Spice!
I order a lot of Indian food for delivery. Indian spice wins. Highly recommend the navratan korma.
Bottom line: there is nothing to write home about.The staff is nice so is ambiance. The food is not bad. Especially saag ponir was good.For the other things, the portions are unusually small and prices have gone up. Food is not served in traditional Indian Copper-ware / sauce pots. Instead you get small flat plates with a mix of rice and sauce together.  Common' this is not French food. I want my Indian food the traditional way.
4 1/2 stars? Me thinks not. While the staff are perfectly nice, and the food is fast, the authenticity and quality leaves a lot to be desired. The tikka masala was overly sweet and featured plenty of dry white meat, while the palak paneer was thin and under seasoned with little actual paneer. The biryani I ordered was also nothing exciting. Plus it had broccoli in it... wtf? It's not the 70/80's anymore. You can buy authentic Indian produce all over the place. What appeared to be frozen mixed veg is just lame.While a nice change from the neighborhood pizza places, I think I'll continue looking for a decent indian place in Brooklyn or wait until I'm in parts of New York or the world with more Indian people.
My girlfriend and I, who eat Indian food at every opportunity, went to this restaurant for the first time tonight. Overall this was the best Indian restaurant (and perhaps the best overall restaurant) we've ever been to.The staff is incredibly friendly and professional from the moment you walk in. The service is also exceptional, and your water cup will never be empty.We got the happy hour special, which is a great deal ($40 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 naans, 2 drinks, and a dessert).For the appetizer we had the sweet and sour eggplant, which was simply delicious.We split the malai kofta and the vegetable jalfrezi. Malai kofta is my favorite dish in general, so I get it at every Indian restaurant. This was right in line with my favorite malai kofta, and tasted fantastic. The vegetable jalfrezi was particularly tasty. I was skeptical to order it because having had it in the past it's not usually one of my favorites, but this was by far the best I've ever had.We had both the garlic naan and the khandari naan. Both were amazing.For dessert we had the gulab jamun, and this was definitely the best i've ever had.Highly recommend this place...will definitely be a regular here!
Our favorite Indian restaurant in all NY.Amazing food amazing service amazing price ! Very recommended :)
Still love the food! But...To the owner if you see this:I have a suggestion please. I know that you want to accommodate the demographics of the neighborhood and that is why you serve the food American style (entree, rice, etc. on 1 plate). However, I think what makes the experience fun and authentic is if you serve the food similarly to how some other Indian restaurants serve it (e.g. rice in 1 metal bowl, curry in another bowl, etc.). Your amazing food speaks for itself. Your devoted patrons will still come and recommend your restaurant regardless of how you serve it. But please, I hope that you can accommodate patrons who want to be served the stereotypical Indian style way. I bring friends and family to the restaurant who have never had Indian food before, and I would love if they could experience it like that. Thank you!!
The food is great, especially that funky appetizer whose name I can't remember but it looks like a pile of chick peas and rice crispies.  Catch is (and the reason they're getting 3 stars and not 4) you have to negotiate the spice level when you order - the food used to be served at regular Indian restaurant spiciness, then one day we ate there and everything was bland, bland bland. Turned out they now make everything bland by default and you have to ask for spicy food. We've since gone back and all is good as long as we remember to say "spicy!"
I love good Indian food. I lived for many years on east 6th Street in the East Village which 6th between 1st & 2nd Aves was packed with Indian/Bengladesh/Pakistan restaurants which I frequented often. Now I live in Brooklyn just blocks from Indian Spice. The restaurant is fairly new and I'm so, so grateful that they opened up here. The only other Indian restaurants are on 5th avenue, a long walk. Indian Spice food is incredibly tasty, exquisitely prepared, reasonably priced and the service is friendly and timely. If I could give Indian Spice more than 5 stars, I wouldn't hesitate. Recommend it highly, of course.
VEGETARIANS, BEWARE!I used to really like this place and was a regular there, but my most recent experience changed my opinion about them.I ordered aloo motor gobi via seamless and in my very last bite of food I got a piece of chicken. I'm vegetarian and you can only imagine how that discovery made me feel.I called the restaurant to inform them about the situation. I was offered replacement (which I didn't want because I already ate all my food but also because how can I be sure there wouldn't be any meat in the replacement dish?)Person that spoke to me did apologize but it didn't sound very sincere and he wasn't able to answer my questions which were: how could that have happened and how can restaurant assure me it's not going to happen in the future.I was told he would speak to the chef and ask and of chef says it could have happened I would get my money back. He took my name and phone number. I never got a phone call back.Next day, I emailed the restaurant. I gave them 3 days to respond. Never heard from them.This is how much they care about their customers.
Great Chicken Tikka Masala dinner take out special!!
Food is delicious. Service is excellent. My go to Indian place in the neighborhood. I like to get the combo and they always let me switch out dishes to make it exactly what I want. Everyone that works there is very friendly. Your water will never be empty, someone is always checking on you.
Tandoori great. Sang pans also. Great service. Reasonable price. Upscale atmosphere. Go to Indian food in Park Slope  Saag Chana. Eggplant with tomato. Keep coming back.
I'm not sure how all these great reviews are written. We went based on the pretty good raves about this place BUT then the food came and it all went down hill from there.The service was lovely and attentive but this was the most inauthentic Indian food I've ever had.   Everything was astoundingly sweet. Like ladles of sugar had been added ... Why? Why would you do that? My husband and I are avid , I mean avid Indian connoisseurs and have been for 20 years. Every dish was presented well and fresh but if I wanted super swet food, I wouldn't have gone to an Indian restaurant !      Nothing tasted remotely like Indian meaning the spices, ghee , cream at all. It wasn't even like one dish was that way... All of them were like that. We were asked if we wanted mild medium or spicy for our dishes and we had asked for only the children's dish to be mild. I had no idea that mild meant super sweet. If that was the case then I'm not sure why the other entrées were so sweet and when we had asked for them to be just regularly made meaning spice at the way you normally do but what we got was a sweet fest! Please explain to your customers what mild actually means.  It was so bizarre because the food looked really fresh and the quality seem to be on par with their prices but the fact that they served us Indian food that isn't  remotely anything like Indian food in the East Village or Indian food in midtown Manhattan or London was super disappointing. My husband and I  looked at each other and literally  thought "wait ,is this restaurant say - Indian? Are they just catering to the park slopian in customers... Not sure but no chance we will be going back.
Update: after our fantastic first experience we were eager to order again. We got the same dishes: malai kofta, a paneer dish, and a veg curry.All terrible. Like flavorless. We had to dump salt on everything to make it edible, but it couldn't compensate for the complete lack of spices or flavor.So disappointed with the inconsistent quality. Won't be back. Hoping for some good Indian in the nabe.
The food was bland,  and service was slow.They served us cold food. Had the feeling that food is cooked earlier, and microwaved just before serving.
Fantastic food. We ordered chicken Marsala and Lamb Madras and were very good.  The chicken was juicy and the lamb was tender and soft. The garlic nan was also super good. The roti was not too great, only reason why I don't give it a 5 star. Delivery was on time. Happy eater!
I came here with my girlfriend after walking past every day and wondering if it was any good. Everything we ordered off the menu was awesome! I especially enjoyed their Tandoori dishes. Definitely coming back again soon!
If you order delivery from here, expect it to just not show up on occasion. No joke. Placed a seamless order an hour and a half ago and the restaurant just closed without delivering our dinner.*Update* So they've worked out the delivery kinks here.  By far the best Indian food in Park Slope.  The lamb biryani is excellent as is the chicken vindaloo.  A bit pricey, as with everything in this neighborhood, but worth it as they are a step above the pack.
Good tasting food and good customer service. I had lamb vadola. Very low key chilled place.
First time having indian food and this place blew me away. Service staff were very attentive, service was quick. Had the lamb biryani and garlic nan bread. The lamb wasn't overcooked and the rice was flavorful and cooked to perfection. Garlic nan was delicious, nice and hot. This place is a new favorite.
Great service, great food, great ambiance! Big dishes- dishes comes with salad and rice (different from the old place Bombay grill)
Pakora was crispy with a tasty sauce, samosa and pani poori had too much potato filling, aloo takiyas (potato cakes) were also dense. Main dishes are served individually with small portion of rice on each plate, not family style which made it hard to share. Garlic naan was soft and warm but lacked garlic, paratha was extra crispy. Good service!
Delicious food, friendly staff, beautiful surroundings.
I am always looking for good Indian in the neighborhood, so when I saw Indian Spice had opened up, I knew I needed to try it. I ordered this last night and was so happy I did! I got my usually Malai Kofta and was blown away. The flavors were incredible. Rich and creamy and fully of spice. I loved this. The raita was wonderful as well and the Naan was baked perfectly. The prices are very reasonable and delivery was fast! This is for sure my new go to Indian spot when ordering!
After all the praise I read for the chicken tikka masala, I had to give it a shot, only to find the chicken dry and overcooked.  The same could be said for the chicken malai appetizer.  Perhaps the other dishes are better, but I'd avoid the chicken here if I were ordering again.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is that flavor wise, the tikka masala was on point.
Very good Indian rest.Nice , romantic atmosphereFood is great Service is goodRecommend!I tried couple Indian rest in the neighborhood , this one is definitely worth visiting
Like their spinach and garbanzos but not so much as their vegetarian eggplant dish which is my favorite for sure!
The food wasn't bad but it wasn't  anything great either.  A little bland but that seems to be the norm with park slope indian food.
This place is excellent. Clean, great atmosphere, service and great food. Definitely recommend eating here if you are looking to try something new or just in the mood for good food.
A good Indian restuarant with a romantic anbience and good food. What is good about their food is that they do not put cream in everything and it all tastes yummy and authentic. The customer servie too is with a smile and some good suggestions. Would definitely recommend this place and shall return too!
We have hosted two private parties during lunch time at Indian Spice - one a Diwali celebration for our local South Asian Mothers Group and one yesterday for my father's 80th birthday.  The price was reasonable, the staff were superb and very much accommodated our food preferences, and no one felt rushed.  Both events were attended by South Asians, and everyone was very pleased with the food, drink, service and hospitality.    Of note is the Salmon Tandoori, Eggplant Appetizer and Saag Ponir.  All a very different yet authentic flavor to traditional boring Indian restaurant fare.
We are picky eaters: I'm on a bodybuilder's diet, and my boyfriend is vegan. It's hard to find a restaurant that can make us both happy as we have opposite diets. We came here on Valentine's Day and we were blown away. The menu was diverse enough for both of us to have more than a few options, yet not too long where I'd get lost. The service was incredible and everyone welcomed us like long lost cousins. We felt right at home. The food was incredible and reasonably priced. I got a chicken appetizer and it was so big that I was full just from that and ended up taking my main dish to go. Before we left, they handed us an adorable Valentine's Day box filled with chocolates, which we thought was the sweetest thing ever. We will be back
The best place around run by the kindest people imaginable. The food is fresh and perfectly spiced. I recommend the samosas, garlic naan, bhel puree, and navartan kurma. Very good vegetarian options! Good for groups or just dining alone- you can't go wrong here.
Food was excellent. Staff is friendly. You get the felling they really know what they are doing. Small and well lit with a cheerful decor. Enjoy!
This restaurant and the food was so good!! I ordered the mango lassi, kati roll, chicken tandoori , and the chicken masala. Very good service and very good food I will definitely be back
I have to Yelp about this place because my husband and I are so happy that we finally found acceptable Indian food in Park Slope! The previous Indian restaurant in this space was meh, but it's obvious there's been a new regime put into place. I wasn't really into ordering Indian tonight because we've been stung too many times with Tikka Masala that tastes like tomato soup made with coconut milk. THIS Tikka Masala had actual spices in it! You could see them and the chicken was super tender - not like it's been microwaved a zillion times. Thank you Indian Spice for a delicious dinner!
Among the best Indian food I have ever had. The flavored were absolutely perfect. Nan is incredibly fresh. We ordered the Samoas, which are larger than you'd expect.
Dishes were fine, but not really authentic. The sauces were quite sweet (sugar added?) and served Western-style on one plate. The lamb vindaloo was good. Malai kofta was OK.
Great food, specially the seafood combination platter.The place is nice and the service was good to.
Frequent visitor! I always take my friends here and its a regular to go spot for my hubby and I! Service is excellent! Always love the mango chicken and rice. You will definitely develop an appreciation for Indian food!
The food was really good the chutneys were exceptional but in my delivery order i got 2 pieces of lamb in an entree, the sauce was so good but i had almost a half of a tomato in my pint container.  can't be cheap with your protein if the portion is already small (15 bucks for a pint container of food)
Sorry, I do not understand all the rave reviews. This place is adequate at best. I have to admit I am a bit of a harsh judge on Indian restaurants as I have studied under a top Indian chef and cook a lot of Indian at home.  Sometimes I am just too lazy or tired to prep though so I was very excited to have a new Indian place open down the block. The restaurant itself is lovely and waitstaff is very nice but the food is lackluster and pricy for the portion size.  I have tried it a few times and the best thing I ate was the free pappadam, which are not home-made. The Bengali shrimp app is pretty good but the poori bread that comes with it is greasy. The Kerala crab had a nice sauce although completely bland (I ordered it because it was described as having chilies but there were none) and the crab was tasteless and largely absent. The vindaloo has whole tomato, which is just weird, and tastes too strongly of cinnamon with insufficient vinegar. I asked for it very spicy and it was sort of medium hot. The aloo gobi mattar has a non-descript sauce (again asked for spicy and it was very mild) and the veg was cooked to mush instead of a nice pan fry. Not a chili to be found. Garlic naan was good but they only give one piece. Finally they serve a lettuce salad on the side with a sort of vinaigrette that is totally non-Indian. It seems that Indian Spice is catering to American palates.
I tried this place at the urging of a friend.Overall it was OK but nothing special. We ordered Pakoras and a vegetarian paneer dish. First I was sad to see that hey didn't have paneer masala on the menu...but I wouldn't Mark low for that. I thought hmm well let's try this other paneer dish it sounds similar either some veggies, tomato and spice sauce (paraphrasing the descriptions). The cheese was shredded! For a texture person this drove me nuts and it made for a very ugly presentation on the rice. The basmati rice was very nice but small portion. Would need to order Naan for sure. The Pakoras were ok, nothing special and a bit undercooked in the middle and salty. They also shredded the veggies, so it was a mixed veggie pakora instead of just carrots, potatoes, etc. which would have been ok if it had been cooked fully.
Nice Indian food, must try tandoori grill mix , had lunch here at noon time, don't understand why there is not other custom hahahahaha
Great food and good service. There is a nice atmosphere. It totally is the best Indian place Brooklyn!!!
Haven't gone back yet, but very happy to see that they've gotten an A rating. We'll probably stop in soon since their curries are definitely worth it!
WOW their food is amazing!! I've only stopped by twice but both times the food is shockingly delicious. I love the malai kofta!!
I've been coming here with my husband since the first week this place opened--we live across the street. It is, hands down, my favorite spot in South Slope. The staff are INCREDIBLY nice and attentive, and I've never had a bad meal. Never! My go-to is the baingan bartha, and my husband likes the chicken tikka. Other favorites are the saag chana, vegetable jalftuzia, chicken bhuna, and the shrimp appetizer with the puffy, fried dough... the name of which I cannot remember at the moment. We try to go here once a week (sometimes more!) and I evangelize about it to anyone who asks if there's a good Indian place in south Brooklyn. Go eat!
Our favorite ... We order several times a month and the palak paneer, chicken vindaloo and chicken makhani is consistently what we expect - yummy, creamy, flavorful, and not too greasy. For sure check it out!
SOOOO freakin' good!! I've eaten here 3x -  once walked in for dinner and delivery 2x.  I've had the exact same thing each time because I love it so much - samosas, naan bread and chicken tikka masala.  The samosas come with really delicious sauces.  the naan bread is steaming hot and the chicken tikka masala is tender.  Service was very friendly both dining-in and delivery.  Delivery arrives very quickly and the food is hot (as it should be). LOVE this place!
I've actually never yelped, but I really want to spread the love with this place. We, like other reviewers, have been longing for a good indian place in the neighborhood and this place is the best we could have hoped for! Reasonable prices and portions. The staff is so friendly, helpful and sweet. The food is SO good - probably the best saag panir that we've ever had. Everything just tastes really fresh and  tasty.  I think we would maybe have Indian every few months before this opened and now we're up to once a week because we end up craving it. It's cute too - much better than Bombay Grill - the ambiance is nice. Hoping they open up the front doors/windows in the warmer months:)
Delicious! Me and my husband dropped in after a great day spent walking around Prospect Park, and this place surely was the cherry on top of our date day.  Delicious food throughout, and the service was equally as pleasing.  The owner is so welcoming and inviting.  Definitely a gem in Park Slope.  We will return!
Probably the best chicken tikka masala I've had since moving to Brooklyn in 2013. I've tried a lot of Indian food in Park Slope and was rather unimpressed by the other places. I ordered the combo delivery combo meal for about $15 and got vegetable samosas, basmati rice, 4 kinds of sauces, naan, and chicken tikka. Haven't physically been to the restaurant, but will definitely order again.
Great neighborhood Indian food is back again!  Better than the old Bombay Grill, but the same good prices on specials that are big enough for 2.  Naan and parathas were delicious.
I recently came here for dinner - I ordered the standard chicken tikka masala and vegetable samosa. Both were delicious and generous in portion size. Naan was also cooked nicely with a slight crisp to one side of the bread, which I like. It was a little disappointing that they didn't have papadum as I love having that with my meal and their menu was a bit on the short side - other than that I would say this is a pretty good spot to get some good Indian food. Our waiter was attentive and the prices are fair.
Finally! Good Indian food in the Slope!The owners are extremely friendly and the food is creative. You'll find things on the menu that you won't see elsewhere (the veggies in a sweet coconut curry sauce with almonds, for instance) and if you're lucky they'll be trying out something new and let you order it.Everything I've had here is really tasty. The naan is fluffy and the garlic naan is super garlicy. If you want to ever have Indian food in the Slope, come here...then find yourself coming again and again and...hmmm, how many times can I have Indian food in a week????
First-rate Indian food.  A big step up from the previous management.  Tandoori chicken was just about perfect, chicken vindaloo had both heat and real flavor.  Ordered from seamless, food came when promised, the entree and appetizer for $15 with rice, naan, and chutney is a good deal.
Fantastic food and great service. Best Indian food in park slope, hands down, and perhaps the only place that puts so much care into presentation. Highly recommend stopping in sometime, though they are great for takeout/delivery as well. Try the bhel poori, the vindeloo if you like spicy, and the chicken tikka masala is some of the best I've had anywhere.
We had a delivery from this place a couple of months ago and was perfectly fine confirming the great reviews. However, we tried again two days ago and it was total disaster: they must've changed the chef or their recipes, but none of it tasted as authentic Indian cuisine. The dall was a mix of different kinds of lentils and beans, which is the first time I see, and there was no spice in it The Saag Ponir tasted more like frozen spinach with cream from a supermarket shelf and the naan was spongy and flavorless. For a place that is called Indian Spices the amount of flavor in their dishes is undetectable. Will definitely not eat here anymore; too bad because the neighborhood really lakes authentic Indian cuisine
I always order the lamb vindaloo when I eat Indian Food. I was excited to try Indian Spice's version and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered it mild and it was just like I wanted it. The rice portions were significant and the Garlic Naan was also delicious. I will be ordering more. Their delivery was also very quick. I do live a few blocks away so it may take more than 15 mins depending on where you are.
A very delicious and wonderful dining experience! The host was very friendly and clearly takes great pride in the restaurant.
I was so very pleased with the curries, decor and service of this new establishment. It has come a long way from its predecessor and perhaps was I was tentative to try it. I had the Persian style Saag with Lentils, spinach and chicken. As a Persian, it made me almost cry it was so tasty and familiar. My company had a lovely Vindaloo. He enjoyed it, but it was no where near the spice level he had hoped for. The environment is lovely, warm and spacious and the service I felt was outstanding. But the Rice. Our rice was dry and slightly under-cooked  (the crunchy middle you shouldn't have). It was also about two tables spoons next to 2 cups of curry.  Considering the rest of the meal, I'm hoping this was an anomaly.
Ate here with my boyfriend a few weeks ago.  Everything from the biryani to the mango lassi was perfect.  They also made us a garlic roti (which was delicious) even though it wasn't on the menu.  Also, it was quite roomy and homey!  It did not feel like your typical cramped NYC restaurant.  Would definitely go again.
Tried this place for the first time the other night. I used to go to Bombay Grill which was good for a while then went into a steep decline in both food and service. But the people running Indian Spice know what they're doing - we eat Indian a lot, and the navrattan korma and saag ponir were both delicious. Friendly staff, too. Definitely recommend.
Very good Indian in Park Slope AT LAST! Ordered in last night: Goan shrimp curry, papadum, samosa, saag paneer, lamb korma (not on the menu, but they were happy to oblige. Very efficient phone ordering, delivered within the window the predicted. We are regular eaters of Indian food, but not sticklers and we've been pretty disappointed with area choices until now. All the food was very good. Tip: they won't ask how spicy you want, so be sure to specify, especially if ordering for those who need a milder interpretation.
Really excellent food. Been here four or five times, and never a dud dish.   I had a combo platter and the tandoori chicken was amazing - cooked through, tender, and subtly spiced.  Service is very friendly, Kingfisher beer is very cold.  My companion had chicken saag - that was great, shrimp Goa style was also tasty.  Prices are very reasonable.  I selfishly want enough people to go here that it stays open, but not too many that I have to wait for a table.
I've now eaten here 3 times -- ordering, takeout, and dining in -- and each time the food has been excellent. It's hard to find good Indian food in Brooklyn but this place goes above and beyond. I especially recommend the saag ponir, which is the best version of this dish that I've had in New York. The service is very friendly. This is the first Yelp review I've written and I'm doing it so more people discover this Park Slope gem.
Great addition to Park Slope! Delicious saag dishes. Came last night for carry out. All of the folks on staff are very pleasant -- they brought us chai while we waited! Will definitely return.
Wonderful food -- very subtle flavoring that is not the usual Indian fare.  Every person working there seems exceedingly kind.
Only done takeout here once but it was flavorful and spicy, much better than Bombay Grill which it replaced.
