What a find! This restaurant has it all: ambience, a sense of culture, interesting menu and great service. If you like Indian food, take yourself on a journey across continents and back in time to the days of the Raj. You won't be disappointed.
If you're looking for a trendy place for a nice dinner out this is it. The ambience is perfect for aNice date or dinner with girlfriends. Amazing cocktails!!! All of the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu. Our first time we went, she even brought us out a free dessert! My go to is the butter chicken. Perfect seasoned and great for someone that is new to Indian cuisine. My husband and I also love their lamb vindaloo.
No idea why this place has such high ratings.  I ate at the bar on a Saturday night.  Ordered standard fare (pani poori, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala).  The place is too packed, the chicken was cold, the naan was hard, the pani poori was bland.  The drinks were sugary.  I'll take my mom's home cooking, or try the other North Indian joint around the corner - thanks.
I really loved this place. We went here with a few friends for New Year's Day dinner, and everything was so delicious.We didn't have a reservation, so we had to wait a while for a table for 4. Luckily, we were able to sit outside under heat lamps and order drinks. It felt very Parisian cafe; I loved it. Inside, the decor was festive and unique, down to the red-coated monkey chandeliers.The food was really fantastic. I got the butter chicken tikka masala, which can be ordered with white meat or dark meat. I of course chose dark meat, which was nicely charred in some spots, and easy to shred. The rice was decadently cooked in ghee, and the naan was a treat.One note - they serve a little green pepper as a garnish, and our waitress warned us it was very very spicy. So of course 3 of us idiots ate the pepper. It was not pleasant, but after about 5 minutes, my mouth cooled down, aided by water, and naan/yogurt sauce. I usually don't do stuff like this, but in the spirit of kicking ass in 2017, it felt appropriate.
A GREAT upper east side option Wonderful atmosphere Attentive service Magnificent flavors and spices Bartenders are the real deal
This establishment is a Gem! From the moment my friend I walked in, we were greeted by such an amazing host, Garrett. Probably the best Host I've ever encountered. This being our first time, we asked Garrett his recommendations and he was spot on! I'm not sure of the name of the beverage but it has a splash of pineapple (perfect)! My second beverage had a ginger beer base with fresh sugarcane (perfectionnnn) especially if you like ginger.As for my dish, I ordered the Malabar Coastal Shrimp, so GOOD! The serving & size of shrimp was just enough and the creamy sauce with the fresh garlic Naan paired so nicely. It came with Jasmine rice and little cup of Daal. To say I was satisfied is an understatement. I will surely come back again...and again.
First time ever at this place. The first thing that really struck me is how small the space for the restaurant is. I swear that there may have been no more than 20 people seated at the place.Upon coming in, we were greeted by a young nice looking gentleman wearing a gray suit. He asked us if we had a reservation, and once we confirmed we did, he asked us to give him our coats so he can hang them.We were seated promptly, and immediately given attention and service. After perusing the menu, and deciding to go with 'prix fixe' menu items, we enjoyed our drinks which were also served at a record pace.The portions were small and more importantly the flavor was amazing in all the dishes.Overall, I enjoyed the place. However, I think that I couldn't help feeling like I was being rushed. Which is understandable given that they want to turn over tables as quickly as possible to maximize revenues.Definitely wouldn't mind going back.
I came here for dinner last night with a few work colleagues. We ordered a number of apps and main courses for the table, which were all very tasty. The ambiance of the place is very cute with lots of wood, and pretty Indian accents (particularly on the bathroom door knobs). The staff was lovely and very accommodating for a larger group such as ours. It's a hidden gem for this part of the UES, but I would definitely come back again in the future.
Nothing but Na'an stop deliciousness coming out of here!Came here on a Thursday night. 45ish min wait for 3 people, but there are plenty of bars around for you to kill your time.Crispy Okra 5$- GetDrunken Munkey Chicken Biryani 17$-  was ok-- get the LAMB biryani instead (waiter recommended the lamb biryani, but since we already had the lamb chops, we opted for the chicken)Bombay Lamb Chops 27$- Bomb dot com. You need to get this. This was my favorite dish of the night.Sindhi Fish Curry 18$- GetSaag Paneer 16$- Meh- could do wo. They have pretty good drinks too.
The place is overrated.. not sure if the waitress ( Luciana) was against the beige color but she was so nasty ..at one point we thought she doesn't want us to order any food or drink anymore . Everything was conveyed at a high pitch tone with tones of attitude .. hell I am not gone go there ever again ..
The only saving grace of this place was that the cocktails, while overpriced, were actually pretty good. Service is simply awful. The host was not helpful and acted bothered when you asked him about anything. The bartender did not even look at us while taking our order. For the price of the drinks and food, you'd think they'd pay a little attention to creating a good experience for the diners. Will not be going back.
Excellent food. Recommend the Anglo-Indian lamb chops, the spiced cauliflower and the rum ball. Good cocktails and lovely atmosphere.
So my friend and I arrived at Drunken Munkey a bit before it was supposed to open at 4:30 PM. We stood around until after 5 PM, and the doors hadn't opened, nor had anyone let us in to at least sit down. We walked around the block to eat at a restaurant who's name shall remain undisclosed (Ha) just so we wouldn't starve to death. We decided to walk back to Drunken Munkey to check it out, and told the host about our "ordeal". The host was very apologetic and comped us, and even urged us to try some food (which we didn't because unnamed restaurant had rendered us basically incoherent with food babies). That kind of customer service is really unmatched. We had the Paanch, which is the drink to toast to friendship, and it was STRONG (my kind of drink). I'll definitely give them another shot.
Going to bump this up a star.  The food here is absolutely amazing.  The best lamb chops I have yet to have.  I switched to cocktails this time and was not disappointed.  The East India Cocktail was out of this world and they have the best Pimms Cup outside of New Orleans.  This place is a real gem and in a location you would never expect to find it it.  Highly recommend.
Yum, very yum. Went last night for my sister's birthday dinner with the family.  Venue:  Intimate, well decorated, eclectic, fun and classy.  Think, Colonial India...I love that for door knobs they used cricket balls!! How great!! Would have loved some more Indian music with dinner but the music was just fine and great!! Staff:  So sweet...everyone was really pleasant and just amazing.  The waitress was so calm and kind, it was really nice!!Food:  For the mains we had a bunch of stuff which brought our table to a silent moment while we all inhaled.  But of the mains that was just to die for was the Lamb Biryiani, it was served up so perfectly and was hands down the best Biriyani I have had.  For desert get the vermicelli and the chocolate cake...it's best to get one desert for two people unless you need more.  It was my sister's birthday and so when it was time for desert, they played this really fun song asking everyone to make some noise...then turned down the lights and served up desert with sparklers.  It was the cutest and most fun thing ever.  It was great. I book marked this place so long ago and have been waiting patiently to just go have dinner.  It was worth the wait.  My indian parents were quite happy, pleased and stuffed. :)
Not a fan of anglicized Indian food, but the cocktails here are pretty good if you're looking to come for happy hour (Dark N' Stormy is my repeated favorite). The only dish I've liked from the ones I've had here is the Lamb Biryani. It's served traditional-style with a naan baked right over the top of the vessel, locking in all the steam and flavor of the dish. Cracking through it to get to the biryani is pretty satisfying, not gonna lie~
The butter chicken was delicious, the ambience beautiful, and the service was great. I'll definitely go again. One of my favorite restaurants in the UES.
The food was good but overpriced and nowhere near authentic (guys, please don't call $12 appetizers 'street food.' It's an insult to street vendors who make far more flavorful food and sell it for what amounts to a dollar). The main issue - the staff. I went there with two friends. We were told brusquely by the rude, nose-in-the-air host/maitre d' that we could take a table but would have to leave in an hour. Given that he was doing us such an enormous favor, we obliged and agreed to give him our money to sit in the restaurant and scarf down our food in the time slot assigned. Later, two empty tables opened up (with no sign of anyone waiting to fill them) but our time limit was (rudely) enforced regardless. And the kicker? I was wearing a knit cap at the door while waiting for our table. I was right by the door (it was cold) and standing up. The guy looks AT MY FRIEND and says 'can the gentleman remove his cap.' With *decided* attitude. My man, this is not a black tie restaurant. There were guys sitting at tables wearing hoodies and flip-flops. Why should I have to take my cap off when I haven't even been seated yet? And even if asking me to take the cap off was somehow a reasonable request, ask ME to do it. Don't address my understandably bemused friend like he's my master and keeper. I speak English, foreign air notwithstanding.
Simply one of the best restaurants in all of New York. The drinks are absolutely amazing...check out the Lady Mountbatten (LIFE) and the food is pure perfection. Try the lamb chops, the biryani, the butter chicken, the lamb appetizer. It's ALL good!!!!!!! They get super busy at night so go early or make a reservation for sure but with food and drinks this good, it's no surprise. ABSOLUTE PERFECTION
Not going back. Tables small, 0 space despite the reservation. Food over priced and tastes like bad Mexican. Server awfully mannered, don't remember her name I think she had dark red curly hair. Resented every penny out of the $40 tip we left her. Did not enjoy what I had and neither did the whole party of 6 I was with. I came here with high expectations which were not fulfilled. Paid close to $90 for two people when we shared one dinner plate and got 2 drinks. Nah. Also, I don't know what's up with the music in there.
I was hit with the strong smell of cat pee when I entered. Not a great way to start. It got worse from there. The restaurant was empty but we were made to wait over five minutes for the uppity host to acknowledge us. As he seated us he sneered at my husband to remove his baseball cap. Let me say my husband was better dressed without the cap than the whole group at the bar. Then the aloof waitress eventually found us. Not hard since this is a tiny place and there was only one other table occupied. She got our order wrong, and stared incredulously at us when we asked if we could provide our spice preference. Then my daughters butter chicken dish came to the table ice cold. Put out waitress never apologized. The food was decent. Not the best Indian fare by far. Will never ever go back.  It is a shame because we live so close. We could have driven a lot of traffic their way.
The five star rating was given according to Service, Food, and ambiance.Service: Most waiters/waitresses at restaurants typically greet, place order, and serve. Interestingly enough the employees here seem to go slightly beyond that. They seem very motivated, friendly, and willing to offer help in making the best suggestions. I feel great being served here, especially coming here with friends. In the end I left feeling like I became friends with the staffs! Which is why I come here often, and they always make you feel welcomed and remembered.Food: I have tried a handful of Indian restaurants, but this is the only one I tried in Manhattan. The food is amazing, great flavors and almost always consistent in taste each time I come here. I could not get enough of the crispy okra (like eating chips), the cauliflower, pork vindalu, and Lamb rogan josh.  I had only celebrated my birthday here once and I was really surprised by the Rum ball with sparkling candles. And you definitely do not want to leave this place without a cocktail. Although, the food is definitely the highlight of this place for me, but the cocktails are great and definitely made my experiences here even better. Ambiance: I came on a Monday Night around 7, and the restaurant was almost full. Upon entering you will notice that the restaurant is slightly dimmed, with candles on the tables, a coat rack near the door. It is warm, welcoming, and cozy. The seating are not closely placed together, therefore leaving plenty of room for everyone. Overall this is a great restaurant, best I have had yet, which is why this has slowly become my regular.
Great atmosphere, great food. Every single thing on the menu that we had was exceptional. The cocktails were also delicious, the drunken munkey definitely punches in a higher weight class. The food is spiced perfectly, the prices are reasonable and the staff is attentive, polite and very accommodating. We will definitely be coming back...
Spectacular, absolutely spectacular. Great food, good cocktails, fun staff.
I've been here several times with friends who live nearby. And this is a GREAT neighboorhood restaurant/bar/bistro. The food is excellent, the service is beyond great, and the make you feel welcomed and appreciated. This is litterally my favorite place in NYC now.
Could not have been happier with the food, cocktails and service....had walked by this place many times and had assumed it was just a cute little pub. It is exactly that, but so much more! Truly fantastic Anglo-Indian food, I will be back again for sure!!
Fun times at Drunken Monkey. Great food and drinks. We will be back again. The service is excellent and quick.
This place has the best Pani Puri's in NYC. Other than the Pani Puti's all their appetizers are mouth watering. The main courses are perfectly portioned and served individual style which is nice but sharing is caring since you have to try a bit of everything. On top of all the cocktails are quite amazing, a unique blend of ingredients coupled with skilled and smiling bar tenders makes every drink worth it. They also have a solid collection of single malt whiskeys. Arun the chef is a passionate restauranteur/entrepreneur and his passion is evident with all the minute details about the decor, bar, cocktails, etc. Super nice and welcoming staff and a great absence. Truly a neighborhood gem. I love this place and it's right down the street for me so I visit it quite often as you can probably tell from my review.
Great food, drinks & service. Music too loud for such a small restaurant.
Review was very accurate,Lupe did leave me loopy" as well.GREAT GREAT place and most delightful drinks by the bartender Lupe. As for the food, chef Chetan has plates that are the very reason they serve great drinks behind the bar. Kitchen does it subpurbly.
I know I'm going to regret giving Drunken Monkey a great review- I can barely get in the place as it is.. I wish I could keep this place all to myself but that'd be unfair to the world.. where to start? OMG this place is awesome.. from the manager/maitre'd to the staff, bartender drinks food ambiance.. yes, yes, yes and yes.. I've been in and out of the food biz for 20 plus years. This place truly has gotten it right and if its not right they'll make it right- for instance.. on our first visit our table was not ready do to a lingering party. The management really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and not a "oh we're sorry" comfortable more like a "we feel your pain" comfortable.. - meaning they we're just going through the motions with scripted apologies- this guy was 100% genuine and that alone earned our repeat business.. the food sealed the deal. I have run through most of the menu and found a few favorites but the reality of it is there are no bad meals here.. this place is truly awesome..
I don't understand the appeal of this place. The entrees were below average, the naan seemed store-bought and the food was served lukewarm. That's NOT what Indian food is like! I gave two stars for the appetizers which were pretty good (pani puri and tandoori quail). Other than that, it's just over priced mediocre food.
Cool vibes. Soon as you enter you get greeted by one of the waiters. We had a reservation for 4 and were seated on time. As far as drinks go , I am not sure what the hype is all about. It was average cocktail. Same goes for the food. We got lamb kabab and chicken kabab. Both of them were Just average to the max.
One of my college professors is the cousin of the owner and recommended enthusiastically that I must go and try it. Its off the main drag a bit, but that doesn't stop this place from being packed all the time- you have to make a reservation no matter what day or time you go. I went on a Monday night at 6 and it was crowded. The place is very cozy with a chill vibe, and the menu is great for people who are enthusiastic Indian food lovers or if it is someone's first experience with Indian food. Love the chandeliers with monkeys too!
Very nice place for a cute little dinner to chat. As far as the food goes, its nothing special. Went here with my boyfriend, as we enjoy trying new places. Service was great but nothing about it sparked any interest in us returning
Since Long ago I wanted to give this place a try and I do not regret it. I had a wonderful experience in this place .Once I arrived I was impressed  by the Restaurant's atmosphere which felt very authentic and cozy.I found the Restaurant in general very clean and Its restrooms inmaculated! The manager received me with compliments and inmediately he accommodated me in a seat that was reserved for me in the Bar. Both Bartenders were always attentive and checking constantly if my glass was empty to offer me another drink. That's very important!  Specialy  when  the cocktails are SUCH AS  GOOD !!!From my seat I was able to see the kitchen a little bit. All I saw  there was people working in harmony,passion for cooking, good spices,and Skills.The Food ,THE FOOD !!!  Super  Tasty !!The Crispy Okra is  delicious, just perfect if  you are having cocktails. My Mutton Seek Kabab was Juicy and  perfectly spiced  with the mint chutney on the side . It's a Perfect combination and so  Delicious !!Can't  wait to go back again and again , and try all the dishes one at a time, or all the dishes at a time , again and again ... My Favorite Place in NYC now!   Because all the experiences I had in The Drunken Munkey were 100% satisfactory.From The Food, The Drinks,The Atmosphere and the Customer Care.I love this place !  Thank you  !!
I've never felt compelled to write a review the *second* that I leave a place, but I'm in fact doing just that. I'm almost hesitant to give this place such a high review, only because I want to be selfish, and keep this gem to myself and the locals that know of it. Thank you, Drunken Munkey - my fiancé and I have just had one of the most memorable dinners we can think of in a very long time. Everything - from the drinks, food and service - is outstanding. I made a reservation to surprise my fiancé for his birthday and it exceed our expectations in every way.  We live in the neighborhood and will be returning asap.Amazing night.
A great gem in the neighborhood. Wonderful service and delicious food. Very accommodating with allergies (gluten) too.
The place is super cute and has a great vibe. I was not impressed with the food. Got the tandoori chicken tikka as a starter. It was barely warm and not very flavorful. The plate was extremely hot but not the food. As the main I got the bagara eggplant dish. That also wasn't very warm. Additionally, the rice was bland. I'd go back just because it might have been an off night. However, it is a small place and there were at least 3 chefs in the kitchen so it seems everything should have been to par.
Great happy hour, excellent food. Probably the best cocktails we've ever had. Cozy atmosphere.
I came here for my brothers birthday yesterday and we both really enjoyed it! The food, ambience, decor and service was all great. Very friendly and attentive staff. As an Indian, I can assure you that the food is delicious and that it comes in good portions as well. Definitely will be going back sometime soon!
Great dinner and experience. Butter chicken is the best. Fried okra was very good and cocktails were amazing. And oh the rum ball...OMG!!!
Drunken Munkey is an absolute delight. Got there on a Friday night and got a corner table for two with little issue. The next 90 minutes were a ride of extravagant flavors. They take their time serving dishes here so creak open your window for a meal and enjoy your experience. The cocktails are delicious. If you're looking for something sweeter then the bramble and the sidecar are good options, though the sidecar is a little sugary. The old fashioned is exquisite. Made just right and so easy to drink. And there's a strong beer menu if you want one.We went with the prixe-fixe, which was the perfect option because you can taste a good number of dishes and it's only $31. The crispy okra is a must and I don't like okra. The fish curry is full of flavor but not spicy. The pork vindolu is delicious. The meat is so soft. Even the little cup of raita is a good addition to the plate. And the halwa is a very good capper to the night. It's not too sweet and more like a carrot cake than a traditional halwa.On top of the food, the restaurant itself has wonderful atmosphere. Check out the monkeys on the chandeliers. Listen to the mix of American and Hindi music. The whole night will be a lot of fun.
I am so.glad we randomly walked.in hereFood: amazing!!! Way  above my expectations. My fav was okara Service : outstanding all the serves were super sweet Bartender : Lupe was such an amazing bartender, super friendly and professional at the same timeDrinks: fabulous! Drinks were so good! If you aren't hungry you can just stop there by to have few drinks and their appetizer
5/5 easily. Great food, traditional & non traditional dishes with great flavor & good ingredients. The drinks are amazing. It's not the cheapest spot so be prepared to spend a little extra. But the atmosphere, drinks & food are all an A in my book.
Had the butter chicken tikka masala. It was amazing, great little place on upper east side. Will be back.
Service wasn't bad but the "indian" food was flavorless and watery.  Think Trader Joes frozen chicken tikka masala but watered down. And triple the price.  Also be warned: a coke will set you back $4 each for  just 8 oz - that's 1/3 less than a regular can of coke (12 oz). The side of fried okra wasn't bad.
Came here on a Monday night around 10PM with 5 of my buddies. We had originally made a reservation for 8 people but 2 of our buddies bailed out last minute. No biggie at all! The staff here didn't give us a hard time at all for that which was a +1 on their end from the beginning. The staff here are nothing short of excellent. We started off with the fruit punch bowl (alcoholic) which is intended for groups to share. The staff here know what they're doing and answered any/all questions my friends and I had regarding both food and drinks. The food here is authentic indian food and you'll enjoy every bite of it. Once we finished food, we ordered some more drinks and ended our night. This place is definitely worth the visit no matter where in the city or NYC you're coming from. (I'm a Queens person and travelled to come here) :)
Seriously. You guys tell my friend to take off his hat. He was not even wearing a baseball cap or something like that.Mind you this a neighborhood Indian place with casual ambience and clientele. Also there was no sign of a dress code. C'mon guys you are in UES not in TriBeCa. We were about to leave but thought it was impolite, so stayed there for one round of drinks and did not eat.Average drinks with a hefty price tag ,in a pretentious place. Good to take a date but not to hang out with friends
I love the munkey. Great cocktails, cool service and good food. The only thing I would change here is I would like to see some changes on the menu. Not that what is on the menu isn't good. It is just that when you live close to a place you like and tend to go a lot it is easy to get bored of the same old same old.
Fantastic cocktails, definitely try the railway chicken curry, but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Will hopefully revisit!
Been here 6 or 7 times. Food and service are always stellar. Best of all - it's approved by my Indian parents who are tough critics when it comes to Indian food.
The reviews say it all!..... Simply EXCELLENT!! - Great Service .. Food .. and DRINKS !We went on a Saturday night WITHOUT a reservation! .. and this place was (as expected) PACKED .. the waiting was 1.5 hrs !... The waitress at the door was nice enough to inform us that they have a table available for just about 45 mins ... and if we want we could use that immediately instead of waiting - but we will have to get done in 45 mins .. so we agreed ..AND they were really great in paying special attention to our table .. got all our food and drinks very very fast! .. due to the lack of time we could only sample some appetizers and couple of cocktails ..... they they were all amazing!Going back .. this time with a reservation ! :)
The bf and I ate here last night since it is one block from our hotel and had good reviews.  Here is the run down:Staff - all seemed pleasant.  We knew it would be busy so we went to sit at the bar. The owner asked us to sit at the other end as he might have a table if four trying to sit there.  He then asked for our coats and told me I could hang my purse on a hook under the bar.  The whole exchange felt a little awkward.  We sat at the end near the kitchen which was cool because we could see the food being made, but then we could also hear the waitstaff bickering which was weird.  Owner came up to us once we were settled and apologized for making us move as the party of four decided to stay outside, which I thought was nice if him.  The bartender could have been a wee bit friendlier.  Ambience - a small dimly lit place with pretty decor and monkeys adorning the restaurant.  Two tables are actually outside with enormous heat lamps perched above.  A party of four was sitting at one and seemed warm enough, but it was bitterly cold last night and I wouldn't risk it.  Food - was fantastic.  My biryani (lamb) was beautifully presented in a small crock with naan on top.  Looked like a pie!  BFs butter chicken was tasty, although the portion seemed a little small.All in all a four.
A pretty nice Indian restaurant on the UES, but with a slightly different spin.  It feels more like an Indian restaurant as imagined by a 19th century Englishman.  Which is interesting and not bad at all.Here's what we had:-Smila mirch (baby bell peppers stuffed with potatoes).  Nice, a pretty unique indian appetizer.  A little small, but I guess it's actually not a bad deal for the price.  It's good, try it.-Railway curry (tikka masala).  Yeah it's just tikka masala, but the sauce is good (if a bit thinner than I'm used to), and the chicken is good too.  The rice and naan are very good.-Carrot pudding.  More of a carrot cake, but super moist and tasty.Overall a pretty nice find.
I love this place!! Their food is quite good - but their drinks are amazing. They have a fabulous variety on their cocktail menu, and they're all so so good.
My friend and I tried this place because it was so close to our hotel and the menu seemed manageable. I am a very picky eater so sometimes it is hard to find a menu I am comfortable with. We started out with two glasses of the house "Paanch" which is their take on a mystery alcoholic concoction. It was delicious, if a bit on the sweet side. Packed with spices such as cardamom and anis, this was a drink to remember. I then ordered the bartender's "cocktail of the day" and was not disappointed. It was made with mango purée and had a cilantro garnish. Delicious. We only ordered the chicken tandoori masala appetizer since we were meeting friends later on for dinner. DELICIOUS. I kept turning to her and exclaiming, "wow". The chicken was jampacked with flavor abed onions and peppers on a hot sizzling plate. Two sauces were offered to accompany the dish and they both paired excellently. The bartender, Andre was knowledgable and very friendly. I can't wait to try this place again for a full meal!
Really enjoyed this lively restaurant. Butter chicken is delish, decent cocktails, and festive atmosphere. The staff brought out sparklers and sang happy birthday for a larger party in the corner. Super fun!
Adorable happy hour Indian inspired spot.  Perfect for an after work beverage with some great deals.  A bit hidden but worth the trek.  UES citizens should consider this a must try.
Yo gotta' love this place. The UES is usually so boring. There is nothing hip about it except this place!!!! The back room is sooooooo coooool. The food is awesome and I love the beer selection. Definite A + in MY book!!!!!
This place is a must go-to!!! Absolutely spectacular in every way. If you want great food, great drinks and a great atmosphere this is the place to go! Take it from someone who's been eating Indian food all my life. This place knows what they're doing!
Awesome selection of cocktails, good happy hour (buy 2, get 2 free). Ordered nothing but appetizers and that was more than enough. The restaurant is small and intimate. Good vibes. Anyone staying around the Upper East Side area should definitely give this place a shot. Highly recommended!
Just wanted to add on to my previous review...... this place rocks.  The drinks are excellent and they do a great job catering to a large group.  Fried Okra is a must.
Came here earlier this week for dinner. We both had the pre-fix dinner which was a good deal. When I think indian --I typically think huge portions, tons of meat and cheesy decorations.  This place felt very "classy" --which is not my impression of indian spots --a nice change of mentality. Awesome cocktails --cool, very swanky cocktail menu, nice selection of beers and wines. Space --very tiny inside --maybe 5-6 bar seats, 15 tables --make sure you make a reservation! Really cute inside, nicely decorated, fancy little monkeys all over the place, holding trays. Service -the service was good, we were seated right away, food came out lightening fast.  Only weird thing was both the host and the waitress didn't seem very happy --they weren't upset or anything but both seemed stressed and not smiling ---it was hard to put my finger on why that was as the place was not yet packed.  Maybe give them a shot or something to lighten up. Food: I was surprised by how small the portions were, but once again I was basing this off of other Indian restaurants. Perfect portion rice, nice amount of Nan bread --but really skimpy on the meat/curry.  I got the Goan Pork Vindalu --cubed pork shoulder, spicy chili vinegar tomato sauce. Yummmmm. So tasty, but only like 4 small cubes of pork --boo!  My friend got the butter chicken --very good --tasted almost like dessert to me. Sides --Crispy Okra-- a bit disappointing --super crispy, not great. Chana Masala--chick-peas, mango powder, black pepper --Yum! Nice and spicy, super tasty. Dessert --sad they only offer 2 options with the pre-fix.  We wanted the bannana pudding but they wouldn't make a substitution. Lame!   We had the Fresh Cubed Mangovanilla ice cream --was very tasty, but the mango was not ripe.  Gajar Halwa --carrot pudding: This was interesting, very tasty, tasted awesome with the ice cream from the first dessert. Overall really cool dining experience: Great place to take a date, or your parents or someone who wants to try indian but wants a more swanky vibe.   Small groups only recommended based on the size of the spot.
Amazing food,  decor, drinks, service.  Highly recommend this unique British/indian fusion cuisine.  Save room for the tastiest dessert that you'll have to come back for.  But there's plenty to return for, again and again.  Local or visitor,  you'll be raving.
We came across this little gem whilst walking around the neighborhood. It was 5pm and we decided we would stop in for cocktails and a little something to eat. We sat at the bar and were greeted by a very friendly bar tender. He was great! Made our drinks, gave us samples, made recommendations etc. The place started filling up around 530pm and ALL tables were already red weed so you need to make a reservation to get in (we went on sat evening). We ordered the butter chicken and it was delicious and the bar tender even gAve us extra Naan bread for free! THIS IS A MUST GO!
Really really delicious Indian food.  We got Chicken Tikka Masala and Fish Curry - the chicken was tender and both came with flavorful sauces that you could soak up with soft naan.  A little cramped but the friendly service made up for it.  Highly recommended!
As for what most have wrote here about this place, I can NOT agree more!First off, this cozy place is tucked away on a quiet street (quiet for NYC), ha! It stands out from the outside, so it will not be hard to find. Next, you walk in and the ambiance is sexy, is elegant but comfortable, is historical with a hybrid British/Indian theme that seems as authentic as it gets. The staff: EXTREMELY accommodating, making you feel like a VIP. Everyone is smiling and attentive. The bartenders: Professional, friendly and experienced. This place is known for their cocktails for very good reasons. The drinks are amazing! AND, the happy hour here can NOT be beat!The food: OMG! Absolutely delicious! My GF and I, have tried 80% of the menu and will go for 100% soon ;) Authentic Indian fusion/street food at its finest. Our favs are the Tikka Chicken and the COLOSSAL Prawns, though all that we have tried, have also been delicious and consistent in flavor. Even when I asked for extras like hot chilis/peppers or extra sauce, the staff had it at my table in a heart beat, with a smile.This place gets packed and is open late. A good thing. But they find a way to seat you where you are comfortable. The service and food remain awesome no matter whether you stroll on in at happy hour, dinner time or at midnight. I have done the midnight thing a few times. The music late night, was great. A little loud, but I enjoy that at night.Lastly, my advice, bring your date here, especially if it is a first date, for an intimate experience that will tantalize your taste buds as well as leave you happy walking out the door.
Came here on a Thursday after 9pm and the place was still packed! Read good reviews about the crispy okra and ordered it along with Pani puri for starters. I must say I could already see how this ends, with me barely able to walk up our 4 flight apartment! This was my first time here and I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of food served, not to mention their excellent service. The sabzis (we ordered paneer tikka masala and veg kurma) come with two naans, rice and raita which is very filling even for a foodie like me! A must visit for all new yorkers who love Indian food!
Impressed impressed impressed....cool cocktails, awesome quick bites with right bite, limited but tasty entrée.Wow they have cocktail with Old Monk rum based which was awesome...I remembered my good old college days... Panipuri a common chat fair from Indian streets buy presented very well...and my god the Okra fried...very innovative thin slices of orka perfectly fried and tossed with shredded onion and tomato and tangy Indian spice....Tiger Prawns tandoori were well done.. Our dinner ended with Channa Masal and Lamb Biryani...Overall must go to place again..
As a UWS girl, I was always very hesitant to trek all the way over the UES for food and drinks. But I am so glad I tried the Drunken Munkey. Something I love about NYC is that every bar/restaurant you walk into is inventive and unique. This place is an Indian restaurant but also one of the best cocktail bars I've ever been to! It has a dark, speakeasy vibe that I'm always drawn to. While I can't speak for the food (though the chili cheese toast we had was SO good!), the cocktails blew me away. The army + navy and the aviation were my two favorites. Loved the sugary aftertaste of the former! Everyone on the UES (and everywhere else in NYC) check this place out!
I've been here a few times. I'm really glad it's in the neighborhood. I love the decor---Anglo Indian vintage vibe. And I also love the food. My favorite dish I've had so far is the shrimp curry. Another favorite is the crispy okra. Some of the dishes are different than your typical north Indian fare, and that's great. They also have a decent beer selection and make lots of fancy cocktails. The service is pretty good too---once we came here to watch one of the World Cup games. A couple of our friends were running late, but they still let us sit down and order drinks, while waiting to order food. This is definitely a unique experience compared to most other restaurant experiences I've had in this city!
Both times we came here, service was SO slow. My husband and I still visited for a second time because I thought they just had one unusually large group the first time we were there. Nope. They're just slow. Lamb Vindaloo and Naan were delicious though. So was the Chicken Biryani. It had a nice puff pastry on top. Also, crispy okra is amazing!! I didn't know I'd ever like okra. Will order for takeout /delivery.
After reading tons of Yelp reviews we decided to book reservations for this place and were more than pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and outstanding! The naan was light and fluffy as was the rice. The dishes were authentic and perfectly seasoned. As a bonus the waitstaff was awesome! Our host and waitress felt like friends and recommended incredible, tasty drinks. If you love to eat and drink this is a perfect spot. The drinks are amazing and you should absolutely take advantage of their happy hour. You may find yourself making friend with whoever is seated next to you, which also adds to the excellent atmosphere of the Drunken Munkey :) Thanks for a great time, guys!
Lovely experience. Some of the best (Anglo) Indian food in the city. Great appetizers, great entrees. The servers are attentive, warm and engaged. My party had a handful of different drinks and they were all exquisite. Wish it was bigger, but maybe someday. Will be back, and with friends!
A delightful mix of my two favorite things (Cocktails and Indian food). Wait staff was attentive and fun and the environment was kitchy and cozy. The food was good but not the best indian we've had. And i feel like the cocktails were a little light (as in not full) but were very tasty. We'd definitely go back!
Had dinner there last night.  I am normally not in the 90's but stayed at the courtyard because of a late meeting and did not want to drive back to Jersey.  This place was a block away and figured might as well give it a shot.  Wow.  Really surprised. .I got the lamb biryani which is served pot pie style with a nice yogurt sauce and some chilis.  The lamb was perfect, plentiful and tendor and the jasmine rice had a hint of heat although i like hotter but thats where the chili comes in.  Also got a Dark n Stormy which was prepared with lime pulled inside out and the rum poured over.  Very good.The place is small and eclectic and if crowed imagine would be load but it was early so just making an assumption.If your around 1st and 92nd ave you should definitely give it a try.
Went to brunch on a Saturday... 4 other people in the restaurant, the waitress come over and tells us that we are not allowed to wear hats in the restaurant... It went down hill from there... Service was terrible, coffee weak and luke warm, a pseudo hipster Indian food place that didn't have tea....Never going back....not worth it...stay away
Delicious Colonial Indian food.  The interesting, funky decor transported me to another time and continent.  The lamb rogan josh was scrumptious, served with warm naan to sop up the well-seasoned sauce.  Other interesting sides created an abundantly filling dinner.  The waitstaff was enthusiastic and attentive.I would have thought the Monday night before Labor Day Weekend would not be too crowded but every table was taken in this small restaurant.  It's a good thing the food was so good because conversation was impossible with everyone talking at once.
Great food and excellent services. Mutton seekh kababs (lamb-appetizer) was recommended by our hostess, very fresh and the sauce definitely compliment the lambs. Our hostess was great, gave us crispy okra and 2 paanch (aka punch cocktails) on the house. Made our first experience there amazing. Would definitely go back again.
No thank you, I'll pass. Really small portions. From the naan to the dishes.. lacks so much flavor . I didn't try any of the cocktails, so can't comment on that. I don't know what all the hype is about? You can find better tasting food at a mom and pop Indian restaurant-minus the inflated prices.
Well after posting about the chicken being raw and receiving a refund through seamless. .... I just received a call from the manager, Jared.  He was most apologetic and offered to send me something else.  When I said that I was fine this evening, he told me that their  would be a credit at the restaurant for me.   Was very surprised to receive a call!  Now that's customer service!!!
This place was great. The food was delicious, and the ambience was perfect for a small date, or just a drink with friends. Speaking of the drinks, this is what set the place apart from other bars. A great selection and perfectly crafted by the most professional of bartenders. Perfect place to go for a meal and a drink anytime.
Our reserved table for 5 was waiting for us upon arrival. We ordered a mix of appetizers and mains, all quite satisfying. The service was pleasant and the intimate surroundings were quite nice. In general the portions are on the small side and the drinks are small as well. Otherwise a pleasant experience and well worth returning.
Great brunch! I'm not normally in this neighborhood much, but after an appointment nearby, I grabbed brunch here with my friend on a Saturday. The brunch with coconut punch is excellent - the place was almost entirely empty, and my friend and I were having such a fun time that we hung around for awhile after we finished our food, and the server continued to fill our glasses a few more times with punch while we were chatting, which was incredibly nice of her. The coconut monkfish was delicious, and my friend's dosa looked great - would definitely come back if I ever needed to be in the area again.
I wish I could write a separate review just for the service, presentation and the ambiance. Then I could easily write a 5 star review.  But you come to a restaurant to drink and eat, not sight-see. My drink order was the Singapore Sling. It's a good thing I arrived during Happy Hour because I needed the deal. These are "craft" cocktails priced at speakeasy prices, but sadly, without the speakeasy punch. The Happy Hour deal was Buy 2, Get 2 and I drank all 4 myself before I felt slightly buzzed. But I was very pleased with the presentation. The metal straws keep your drink a lovely cold temperature.I started with the Chili Cheese Toast. Cheesy with a good chili kick. My entree was the Railway Chicken Curry. I judge all chicken curries on the ones the girls would make when I worked in a Girl's Group Home in the Bronx. So, so good for girls coming from broken homes. Maybe it's not fair for me to judge in on a Caribbean curry, because this one was lacking. There just wasn't any spice and not much curry flavor. It came with plenty of rice and naan. Once again with the lovely presentation... the cashew atop the rice... nice. The service was stellar. The bar area was gorgeous with Bollywood movies playing on the TV.  The waitresses looked cute in their Indian inspired gear. I left full but the food was just not enough to get me to return.
If you're thinking about coming here - stop! Just try it already! You won't regret it. Celebrated my husband's birthday here. We were greeted instantly as we walked in. Our coats were taken and we were seated. It's a very small but cozy place. We loved the decor. Our waitress Shannon was very sweet. We had the chili cheese toast and I knew I would love it the moment I saw it. The crispy okra was amazing too. My husband had the panner makhni - the sauce was delicious... it was perfect. I had the saag paneer. It was okay. I wish they had made the saag paneer more creamy. They did this small little show for my husband's birthday which we absolutely loved. It was definitely above and beyond the average birthday stuff restaurants do. I will def be coming back and recommending Drunken Munkey to everyone I know.
Came here a few times. Never disappointed from the bartenders to the waitstaff. The food and drinks are outstanding. Nice spot for a date or to come hangout on your own. A Relaxed environmen. First class service all the way. A definite recommendation!
Finally a taste of home that hits the spot on the upper east side! The Gymkhana swizzle is my favourite cocktail so far and the crispy okra is unbelievably crispy and delicious. The biriyani, tandoori quail and lucknow meatballs bear special mention but everything we had there was really good. Chef Chetan's hospitality and attention to detail in making upscale dishes that hit the spot for desi's like me make this spot extra special.
Wow. What a gem. Tucked away on the street, it's easy to miss. But you'd be doing yourself a major disservice, passing this place by. The vibe here is British Colonial India, circa "Secret Garden."- i.e- early 1900s Love it! Love everything about it. Music is fantastic & classic, adding to the atmosphere. The viola and other decor truly add to the experience - it is warm, charming, and intimate. The owner is involved and engaged in every aspect of how his restaurant is run. There is a reason this place doles out impeccable service and food and drinks: the owner cares about his patrons and the quality of his establishment. He personally greeted us at the door and found us a great seat at the bar, then proceeded to regale us with the story of the woman who stole one of the charming monkey-themed statues. We had noticed the Wanted Poster of her on the wall and naturally inquired of it and were delighted to hear of his plan to use the incident as a great PR opportunity--- I won't spoil his idea, but make sure to check out the website to find out! As for the drinks- wow. Amazing! A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for. I tried the Bramble and the Royal Enfield Side Car. Hello!!!! They named a drink about the Royal Enfield-- the bike personification of British colonization in India! How creative is that? Plus, it was bourboney-delicious! Food is equally spectacular. We only had 2 of the apps, but wow- this is not typical Indian cuisine. Very high end and well made. Come for drinks, come for food, come for good fun & entertainment. Can't say enough good things about the establishment or the friendly, good natured owner. Will definitely be back!!!
Amazing Indian food that while elevated, is still authentic. I've traveled India and can say the flavors were reminiscent! This was my third visit, so I'm becoming a bit biased! Will be back soon.
Chicken Tikka starter meal was delicious and tender. The sauces were also good. The only turn off was that the place smelled like moth balls and curry upon entering but definitely a heavy smell of moth balls lingered throughout the night. Ughhhhh
Placed a delivery order from here last night and had one of the worst food delivery experiences living in New York.  Ordered the food only to get a call 30 minutes later saying they were out of the food that I ordered, but would replace with another dish (as I already prepaid for the order). An hour went by (they promised the new dish would be ready in 10-15 minutes), so I had to call to follow up. Finally the food arrived, but without the main dish and the food that did arrive was all cold. Called to complain, they said they would send a new delivery (I said it was not necessary, as I had already waited too long, but they insisted they would send anyway) and that they would refund my money. Neither happened. Ended up paying for food that never arrived. Will never order delivery from here again and recommend that others avoid as well. Not set up to handle delivery options.
We've been coming here since the beginning and I feel like the food just gets more and more delicious. Both the brunch and dinner menus offer some of the most amazing food and I'm amazed each and every time. Please never leave!
This spot was near my friend's apartment and was really glad something so good and cool was nearby. The indian food was good (not great) and given the portions with rice and naan I think fairly priced (pricey if not including naan). The waitress seemed to come around a little too much but was nice. Felt she was kind of pushy with amount of food we should get but hey it was good. Really liked the fried okra dish, would love to attempt to recreate it at home. The cauliflower app was ok. We tried butter chicken, meatballs and a curry shrimp dish. All were good.
Officially in love with this restaurant! I'm a sucker for themed restaurants. And Drunken Munkey's theme is based on the colonial era of India when the British ruled. So their atmosphere really brings you back to that time. They even added a cute touch in their bathrooms - cricket balls for doorknobs. Their cocktails are yummy and their food is awesome. Their meals come complete with sides of ghee rice, naan, and daal. A complete desi meal. I got the lamb rogan josh and my bf got the chicken tikka. Both on point! And at the end, we got a free dessert (gajar ka halwa). Which was such a nice gesture. Will definitely be coming back.
Heard about this place from a friend and was BLOWN AWAY by how amazing this little place on the Upper East side was. From the moment we walked in we were greeted w/ the nicest hostess!! We had an extra guest join us and they were super accommodating!! Our waitress Chantelle was super knowledgeable about the menu and was super friendly  I had the lamb biryani which I've never had before and it was mouth watering good!! My friend is a vegetarian and they had plenty for her to choose from and she agreed hers was great as well. My other friend got the Chicken Biryani and she ate the whole thing!! The specialty cocktails were equally as delicious as the food!! Before we left we were greeted by the owner Arun who made us feel super welcome almost like family!! Make sure you make a reservation because this gem packs up quickly!! Definitely going back!!
By far, the cutest and classiest niche place I've been to. This place is all about detail - detail, detail, and detail. The decor is thought out to every painstaking bit - right from the monkey statue on the tree outside with a little glass, to the cricket balls, and Anglo-Indian, engraved cutlery, to the cricket balls, and the elephant head coat-hooks. And this is just the beginning of it. The cocktails are very well-thought-out and uniquely crafted, and delicious. The service is very sincere and friendly. The food takes it up one notch. Especially being an Indian, I have to say this is like no other place I've been to - it's Indian, yet not authentically Indian. And I mean that in the most complimentary way. Neither is it among the many places that tries to tailor Indian cuisine to the American palate, leaving a very hesitant and finicky flavor-palette. The food at Drunken Munkey is beautiful crafted based on the British colonial era, easy-to-eat, presented beautifully, and delicious. Clearly, a place to go gaga over!
Come for the "Paanch". Stay because you forgot how to walk after drinking way too much of it!Seriously, though, the Munkey has become one of my favourite spots in NYC. The Butter Chicken and the Okra are fantastic. Staff is supremely accommodating. And the deserts come with pyrotechnics.
Let me first say that if you are planning on coming here during the weekend, make a reservation! This place is very small and was completely full when I showed up on a Friday night recently. Thankfully I had looked at some other Yelp reviews and already made a reservation. The food is fabulous, easily the best Indian I've had in the city and well worth the trip up to 92nd. I also ordered a Bramble which was my favorite version of the drink I had ever had. Great atmosphere, fair price considering it is in NYC, I am however taking a star off because when my friend and I first came in no one was there to greet us and we stood next to the door for about five minutes until the host came up to us, mind you during this time servers were moving around the room ignoring us. In fact we were about to turn around and walk out right as the host suddenly appeared. But otherwise, a great diner.
Drunken Munkey is another great addition to the Upper East Side.  The Colonial India vibe is a drastic change from the mostly barren street that the restaurant is located on.  Also, if you like monkey decorations, this will be like a trip to heaven.We were seated at the bar quickly and ordered a couple cocktails.  My wife had the Singapore Sling - a fruity gin drink.  I got an off the menu scotch drink, which was also good.  The cocktail menu is, naturally, very gin-centric.  There is a small beer list (including a few Indian beers) and a moderately sized wine list.  Bartender was very friendly and creative.  It was clear that he really enjoys his craft.  After a round of cocktails, we were forced to give in to the intoxicating smells coming from the kitchen, and we ordered the pani puri appetizer.  There are some photos of it here on Yelp - and it is as good as it looks.  One tip - try to either fit the entire thing in your mouth at once, or make sure to suck all of the flavored water out with the first bite.  These little guys can get messy otherwise.We didn't try entrees since we had eaten dinner before coming, but will return soon and try them.  From the dishes we saw, everything looked great.  The restaurant also includes rice and naan in the entree price - a welcome change from NYC norms.
This restaurant is an experience in itself! My S.O. and I came here with a NY native friend of ours while visiting the beautiful concrete jungle. In our whole two week stay, we didn't have any Indian food and were really excited when our friend took us here. Btw, we are Indian.Anywho....the food is AMAZING! This is not your average Indian restaurant. It is very upscale and modern. Don't expect to get butter chicken and other dishes for $10. You have to dish out a few extra bucks to eat here but you won't be disappointed. We arrived there around 11pm on a Friday night and it seemed like the crowd was there mostly for the drinks. It seemed like a place where people come to after work to have a few drinks with their friends. And speaking of drinks...we are Punjabi. There's a special Punjabi drink we call the Patiala Peg and it was so cool to see that they had that drink on their menu AND had two paragraphs about the history of the King of Punjab and how the drink came to be. SO cool! We ordered a few of the traditional Indian dishes off the menu and shared it all. After being in NY for two weeks and pretty much having pizza as every meal, it was so nice to have a delicious Indian meal. The food was cooked to perfection. It tasted like homemade Indian food but even better! Can't wait to come back someday!
I love the ambiance of this place. We had a table that was half inside and half outside on a beautiful night. It was great date spot. Tasty Indian food and even better drinks. I ordered the Pimms Cup and I suggest you do the same!
Disclaimer: This review is not for the food, as we never made it that far. Reservation Advice: If you make a last minute online reservation here (one hour prior or less), I would suggest calling the restaurant to confirm your table. We made a reservation for two, a half hour before we showed up, and were told that our table was a "ghost table reserve", the owner likes to overbook the restaurant incase he has no-shows. We were told that we would have to wait 45-60 minutes to be seated for a "real reserved table". This seemed ludicrous to us so we left. Very disappointed with the system, as we thought our reservation was a "real reserved table" and expected to be eating a real meal at the time of our reservation.
Drunken Monkey ReviewMy party of two got there around 7pm on a Tuesday, and it was bustling! We were seated in the last non reserved seats almost immediately. The decor was Indian kitsch with a romantic touch.Our waitress came over promptly and kindly explained to us the menu with genuine concern for our understanding of the spice level etc. Though this is a cocktail bar, she happily brought us plain tap water, and took our good order. Shortly after, she brought us a complimentary appetizer of Fried Okra, which seemed to be some kind of promotion that night. It was a delicious crispy snack that retained the character of okra very well, and I would order again if it wasn't offered.Our food came promptly, and the waitress explained the parts for us. We got the Butter Chicken Tikka Masala and the Sindhi Fish Curry, which each came as a bowl on a plate with rice, naan, a pickled onion, and a hot pepper. Our meals also came with lemon dal on the side. The portions were moderate, but surprisingly filling.The butter chicken tikka was sweet and savory, with pleasant spicing and of course, butteriness.The fish curry in was surprisingly delicious with noticeable monkfish flavor and no hints of off flavor, so it must truly have been quite fresh. The sauce was a savory green sauce that coated and complemented the chunks of fish perfectly. I've honestly never had better fish curry.The meal accessories were delicious and skillfully considered. The pickled onions were slightly sweet with hints of anise, which were a nice break from the richness of the meals. The hot peppers were quite hot, which allowed one to add the spiciness level they wanted ; a small pinch was enough for me.  The lemon dal was delightfully refreshing and not dry and starchy like I usually find. I actually wanted more!Everything was a pleasant surprise, from alpha to omega, and I can't wait to come back and try more!
So happy that such fantastic place has opened up on UES. I loved the combo of great cocktails with delish Indian food. I had the Bramble cocktail - tasted perfect (not too sweet) -  so had to have another one. For dinner I had the shrimp curry dish which was amazing - the curry gave the shrimp so much flavor. The curry had just a tad of spice to it - not too much- which was perfect for me. Lastly, let me not forget to mention the ambience. From the lights on the trees outside to the monkeys inside - the place is full of charm.
Charming restaurant with excellent food and great service. Had heard good reviews from friends and were pleased to discover for ourselves what a find it is. Didn't make a reservation but it was pretty busy at about 8:30 and we got one of the few available tables. Not a large place so a reservation is probably advisable. Great job with the decor, warm and inviting. Enjoyed the cocktails and the food was delicious. We will be back for sure!
Yup, I'm doling out a 5er on this place. Drunken Munkey does exactly what it says it does, serving carefully crafted cocktails and "Anglo-Indian" cuisine. Read- they serve cocktails and food likely enjoyed by the British soldiers during colonialism. Chicken tikka masala dominates the menu, which I'd normally scoff at, but it works perfectly here. We loved the space, it's decorated with colonial art and there are small monkey statues literally dotting every corner. The restaurant offers small bits of formality, like the polite host in a suit, who promptly takes your coat and intersperses it with pops of loud Indian flair, like the loud Bollywood music playing when they bring you a birthday dessert topped with a sparkler flare. As far as the food goes, there hasn't been an item yet that I'm not completely impressed by. Tried, and loved: pani puri- super flavorful pani made it stand out from others I've had beforeCrispy okra- absolutely must have! It's a side dish/ snack plate of thinly sliced and fried okra, mixed with onions and masala. Dishes like this had to have been made to accompany your cocktail, right? Chicken tandoori- made in a tandoor right in front of you, and is arguably some of the best chicken I've had. Yum! The chicken tikka masala also is great, for the same reason. That chicken will make your heart sing, man. Paneer tikka- also wonderful. The paneer was incredibly fresh and soft. Vegetable korma- also pretty tasty, vegetables are fresh, served with naan, rice, raitha. After our apps, we really only needed one entree. Cocktails- we loved the bees knees and the munkey Bloody Mary. Bartenders are super detail oriented and it's fun to sit at the bar and watch them craft. I'll happily be back, again and again.
Tasted the new brunch menu and it was delicious! For 17$ it comes with the Brunch Punch which you can make unlimited for an extra 7$!! Warmly recommend!
Came here for dinner last night- my second time. The first time was a few years ago and I only had the cocktails. Having had good Indian food before I thought this place was ok. The Okra chips were nothing special, a little bland. The pani puri was ok as well, the flavors were very one dimensional. As an entree I got the butter chicken- chicken was a little over cooked and the sauce was standard. I loved my drink, the Lady Mountbatten- highly recommend their cocktails. Service was great and we got the dessert on the house. I would recommend it for drinks only.
If there is one thing to be said about hidden gems is that you really hope no one discovers them and ruins your new secret hangout close to where you live. Being that this place is literally around the block from our apartment and down a side street along a spot on the Upper East Side/Yorkville part of town it seemed like a place that only a few locals would know about. It's in a barren stretch of an area that really needs an influx of new specialty bars and eateries such as this, and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Alas, now that we have been here a few times and are fast becoming regulars we see that everyone else around here has also found out about Drunken Munkey. It's now at that point where you need a reservation to get in! The crowds have slowly discovered this wonderful new Indian craft cocktail bar and restaurant, and the adulation is much deserved!The Drunken Munkey - I really do love the name of this place - is being billed as New York City's first dedicated "craft cocktail" bar on the Upper East Side. They serve a selection of classic cocktails, wines, spirits and cordials along with offering comforting dishes of Indian style cooking. The decor reminds one of a throwback to the times of Colonial India with a generous touch of the legendary flavors and style of famous cafes and supper clubs you used to find in "Old Bombay". It's a cozy but whimsical spot with an affable owner, terrific staff, skilled mixologists, and downright delicious food. How can you go wrong with that? Well, you can't and Drunken Munkey is helping to usher in a new generation of affordable upscale eateries and cocktail emporiums to this barren stretch of the UES. We need more "flavor" up here and it is a delight to see it has arrived.It's the kind of spot that once you get there you settle in and never want to leave. Warm and inviting to help battle the cold of this long winter it fits like a comfortable set of gloves that you don't want to take off. It's a place that I can see as a date spot, or for friends and family to meet up at for a dinner over spitited conversation, or for those just looking to have a few cocktails and a bite at the bar in a lively environment. With such attention to the little things you will see monkey laden images and statues along the bar, mini bicycles along the wall shelves, grainy black and white photos of old Bombay, cricket ball bathroom door handles, and even the waitresses are dressed in churidar kurtas giving off such a cool ambiance to dine and enjoy. The one flat screen they have features Bollywood movies and Indian programming, while the music playing in the background features an eclectic mix of old jazz, to 70' and 80's hits, Indian tunes, to some rock. Somehow, it all works here. Can be a bit loud and boisterous at moments being that it is a small space but that just adds to the fun.As for the food? Now that we have dined here a few times I can say it really is delicious and I think I might become an Indian food addict here. We started of with an appetizer of Paani Puri -crispy flour puffs, aloo & chick-pea chaat, with tamarind mint water. Something I never had but was oddly good and fun to eat. Okra was off the hook! Crispy okra, onions, tomato & chat masala. These are dangerous! Mine! Mine! All mine! My precious!The Butter Chicken Tikka Masala is a classic comfort dish and they do it right! Everything is served on one large plate which makes it all too easy - main course, raita & ghee rice, kachumber, and some perfectly fluffy naan. Mmmmm......I could eat this every day. That soft tasty chicken. That creamed tomato sauce. Oh my. No really, I could eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Don't judge me! If an Indian restaurant can't do Tikka Masala right then I avoid it, but the Munkey has an experienced chef that is a master at what he does. The libations here are nothing to sniff at as they list a classic offering of old school cocktails for $12. Served in ornate glassware the bartenders here are killer and mix a mean drink. Pimms Cup, Singapore Sling, East India Cocktail, Royal Enfield Sidecar, Old Fashioned, among others help quench your thirst with a generous pour and enrich your soul. Even if you don't eat here it is a destination spot to drop in and have a drink to end your night or start it off. Don't forget dessert! Gajar Halwa - carrot pudding, crushed nuts, cardamom coconut creme is something that doesn't sound right but makes an amazing sweet concotion to top off a meal here. Just. So. Good. Listen to me and get it. You're welcome!I think I will become fast friends with this Drunken Munkey. He taunts me with awesome drinks and delectable food. He lives right around the block from me and might become a bad influence! You know how those monkeys are!
Okay, so the Drunken Munkey is a great place to come late at night if you're not in the mood to go out, but still in the mood to have some amazing drinks and delicious food. My boyfriend and I have been here many times, and I have never had any bad experiences. We always come in late without a reservation on the weekend and never have a hard time getting a seat. The servers are always very nice and attentive. I'd say the Drunken Munkey is more of an English Indian restaurant rather than an Inidian-Indian restaurant so the menu may look a little different than you would expect. As a vegetarian, I love coming here because there is a lot for me to eat! I've tried the Chili Cheese Toast, paani puri, crispy okra, stuffed simla mirch and they are all wonderful. It's almost impossible to choose which appetizer to order! I always order the butter paneer tikka masala! The spice level is perfect and the paneer is a lot better than other places. It's not the typical family-style serving, but instead an individual serving with rice, naan, and daal. The best part of the meal is the chana masala. IT IS SO GOOD. No, really, it's the best I've ever had. I really think I could eat here every week for the rest of my life and still love it! Also, the Royal Munkey downtown and it is a lot less busy but equally amazing!
Drinks are good .. Prices are alright... Cool nice place. One thing I didn't like is the smell of the bar (I'm sorry, I have sensitive nose)But still, I enjoyed my time there.
Amazing experience from begining to end.  The food and drinks are exceptional and that should be enough.  However the service is also perfect which just makes things better.  The meal was great but the drinks and appetizers stole the show.  The Bramble was a perfect cocktail for a sweltering night, a perfect balance between Bombay Sapphire, lime, creme de menthe, ice and a fresh blackberryWe had the paani puri (perfect start on a hot night with the combination of refreshing and crunchy) and Chili cheese toast (a tasted like a homey Indian grilled cheese sandwich) and Paneer Tika, fried Paneer served with onions.I am already planning my next trip.
My favorite Indian restaurant ever. We always enjoy the food and drinks. The atmosphere is fun and inviting.  I love the Goan Pork Vindaloo and Indian spiced Old Fashioned. We come here every time we visit the Upper East Side.  I know we will be back again.
1. The service was amazing. The waitress, owner, and host were all very warm, welcoming, courteous and attentive (despite how busy they were). The service was relatively quick in my opinion (so maybe they had looked at the previous comments and adjusted a few things)2. The decor was super cute. We had the only corner booth seat which we loved, very romantic 3. The food was wonderful. Some restaurants just have amazing food, but this place had both tasty and heart-warming food. You could tell that it was made with love and care. Even the string beans were super yummy and made well. We had the Muuton Seekh Kababs and Paani Puri for the appetizer. The Panni Puri was good and the Muuton Seekh Kabas were amazing. They are both big enough to be shared amongst 2-3 people. We had the Butter Chicken Tikka Masala and the Bombay Lamb Chops for our entrees (they were both recommended by the owner). We didn't have it but we heard that the Saag Paneer was also very good and highly recommended.4. I heard that most of the drinks there were tasty. My bf and I just had their paanch/punch. I'm not much of a drinker but we both appreciated how it paired so well with all the foods. I especially do not like to drink alcoholic drinks with dessert, but the punch went well with the rum infused cake.
My fiancé and I love Indian food and are always very excited when we have the chance to go out for it with another couple. Generally we only have Indian ordered in since it is a heavier meal and also not usually a Saturday night type of activity.Drunken Munkey takes Indian food to a whole new level. It does not only have delicious food, but it is also a mixology bar, which makes it a perfect place for a Saturday evening. Indian restaurants are not generally known for having great cocktails, but this one certainly does! To drink, I ordered the Lady Mountbatten. The smoky scotch flavor of this cocktail was offset by the sweetness of the strawberry and peach, with a sourness of lemon and lime. It was the perfect combo of all the flavors that made me savor each sip. Additionally, the round ice cube was a nice touch to this cocktail and gave it that extra flair. Before heading to the restaurant I had read Yelp reviews and also looked at photos online of the dishes. By the looks of the Paani Puri in photos, I was reminded of curry puffs that I have had at other Indian and Thai restaurants before. I knew this dish was one that I had to order. Unfortunately, this dish did not live up to what I was expecting, and was the biggest let down of all the dishes we ordered that night. It was served cold, which no one at the table was prepared for. I think that if this dish was served hot, with the mint water broth inside being hot like soup, that everyone would have enjoyed this dish. It was also very bland, and lacked any type of flavor. I guess by reading the description of the dish, I should have avoided a dish that had the words "water" instead of broth.The stuffed simla mirch luckily made up for the disappointing Paani puri. The bell peppers were stuffed with a very seasoned potato mash and served with two dipping sauces, where one was sweet, and one was on the more salty side with a little bit of spiciness. The peppers were cooked to perfection with the edges blackened from the grill. This dish I would definitely recommend.The Malabar Coastal Shrimp was full of flavor and similar to a tikka masala or a butter chicken type of dish since the marinade had a creamy, thicker texture. The dish wasn't super spicy, but it was seasoned to perfection and had a nice level of heat to it. This was everyone's favorite dish at the table. We also liked how the entree's were served with rice and also included naan. Generally, you have to order naan on the side when you have Indian food, and it was nice that it was part of the meal.The Bombay lamb chops were also very delicious. They were heavily marinated in spices that gave them so much flavor. They were cooked to perfection and were very moist and tender on the inside. Done perfectly! They were served atop string beans and included a spiced aloo (potatoes), mint and apple-butter chutney, which was a nice addition to the lamb chops, since I do love mint jelly! The aloo was similar to home fries, which added more flavor and sustenance to this dish. This dish was the whole package!On the side, we ordered cauliflower and also crispy okra. The cauliflower was roasted and seasoned  with cumin and cilantro. This was definitely a delicious way of eating vegetables and the perfect thing to share with the table. I am not sure if I have seen cauliflower before in Indian recipes, but this dish seemed very unique to anything I have seen at Indian restaurants before.The crispy okra sounded much better in the description than in actuality. Because it was served crispy, it was very dry and didn't have tons of flavor. This side the table got bored of pretty quickly, and I don't even think we finished it. The dessert menu had many unique choices on it that all sounded delicious and different. Since we were all unfamiliar with Indian style desserts, we took suggestions from the waitress and were very happy with what we were given. The Cricket Rum ball was warm, moist, and infused with rum. It was extremely rich in flavor and was one of those desserts you need just a bite or two of. The berry reduction and creme anglaise was a nice touch and added a sweeter taste to the rich flavor of the chocolate.The Gajar Halwa was probably the more unique dessert. It was carrot pudding, served with crushed pistachios and coconut creme. Generally carrot pudding doesn't sound that appetizing to me, but this dessert was super sweet and delicious!I  am very glad that a few of my friends suggested I try Drunken Munkey for dinner, because now I am hooked. I definitely want to return again soon. The service was top notch the whole time. The waitress was really great at giving suggestions and answering any questions we had about the menu. She was also honest with us when we asked if we were over ordering, and we reduced the number of dishes we were going to order. Even with how busy the restaurant was, she made sure to keep the level of service constant and great.I suggest reservations, since its packed!
Do you like curry?  Do you like craft cocktails?  Do you like friendly owners who actually CARE about their clientele and gladly accept suggestions for their developing menu?  Yes?  Then you should come to Drunken Munkey.  After hearing from friends how great this place is, we decided to plan a group dinner and see what the hype was all about.  We were not disappointed.  Both owners, as well as the servers, are super friendly.  We started with some of their signature cocktails.  We each had something different and enjoyed them all.  The punch was amazing and tasted like lemonade.  For starters we had the cheesy bread, prawns, and okra.  The okra is made differently in the sense it is fried up and sliced but it was absolutely delicious.  The prawns were nice and juicy.  The cheesy bread was as good as it sounds.  We kept going back and forth on what we wanted for our entrees and luckily our waitress understood and gave us as much time as we needed to decide.Ultimately I went with the butter paneer tikka masala.  I always need to order this when a place offers it since it seems to be the redheaded stepchild in Indian restaurants here.  Each entree comes with a side of rice and 4 pieces pf naan.  The food was phenomenal.  The naan was perfect.  I also tried my friend's monk fish and loved that, as well.  So many good and tasty things all around.  The music here bounces around from Bollywood style music to 70s, 80s, and 90s hits.  The bar is always jumping with the bartenders whipping up cocktails.  The menu changes all the time here so you never know what you might see the next time you visit.Again service here is outstanding, I cannot stress this enough.  Even the owner's wife stopped by to say hello.  And the best part?  Free dessert on the house.  The carrot pudding was insane, as well as the other two desserts we got to try.  We ended up spending almost 5 hours here.  We never felt rushed at all.  Also the bathrooms are super clean and have awesome doorhandles (yes, we notice these things).  They're beginning to offer brunch service which will also offer dosas (a personal favorite) so I'm excited to try that out one day.  Can't wait.
Such a wonderful gem for a random weekday date night with my bf. Food and drinks were delicious and decently priced for the big portion. The host and waitress were attentive and very nice. We live in the neighborhood and will def come back to visit more often!
We went there on Christmas eve to give my birthday weekend a good start.This place was highly  recommended by Phil H. So we had to check it out. Having a 4 year old with us had prevented us from going there sooner.So I called them to find out if we needed reservation and also if it was ok to bring in my daughter.We were not so comfortable with the idea of taking her to a bar initially but having seen this place from outside we thought it might be ok.We were told that kids are allowed as they have a restaurant sitting too.Purfect just as we thought.We were seated right away.Their extensive cocktails menu can be pretty intimidating if you are used to seeing only a couple standard cocktails in most bars/ restaurants.I ordered the Dark and Stormy and it was amaaazing.I really enjoyed sucking the sugarcane stick drenched in alcohol at the end of the drink. Hubby stuck to an old fashioned Indian beer.We ordered few appetizers to go with the drinks.The crispy okra, tandoori tigers prawns and the chili cheese toast were all a home run.One thing I will remember for next time is to have the chili cheese toast first as it tends to get soggy within minutes.The flavor on the tiger prawns was so intense that I am almost salivating just writing about it.The owners were around when we went in and they seemed to have their eyes on every table even though they were seated and entertaining a group of people.The ambiance is serene and beautiful.Love the little touches to reflect the colonial era in India.If you are from Bombay you will be transported to the town side of Bombay where in many places the colonial era has stood still.This is hands down the best craft cocktail bar in NYC serving some amazing Indian dishes.This could be a date night spot, a place to hang out with your friends or bring some out of town friends that you want to impress.Drunken Munkey we will be coming for more and the fact that you are just a stones throw away you will be seeing us more than ever.
I have been here multiple times for dinner, happy hour, and late night, and am always pleased with my experience. While it's a small menu compared to most Indian restaurants, the food is delicious and very fresh. Drinks are of course amazing with many cool cocktails - overpriced usually, but I almost always come during buy 2 get 2 free happy hour and am pleased with the bill for the quality. If you plan to come for dinner Thurs-Sun you will definitely want a reservation - it's a small space and fills up quickly!
Visited from out of town. Food was good, but the drinks were nasty. Quickly seated, but the restaurant itself was small and too crowded. I felt like I was packed like a sardine. The server was polite, but I just didn't feel comfortable. Dessert was ok, I would probably not come back though.
Amazing Indian food on UES. I had a Pimm's no 1 (specialty cocktail) to start and couldn't decide between the butter chicken tikka masala or fish curry. The bartender was of NO help (couldn't make a recommendation or really carry a conversation) and is the only reason this isn't a 5-star review. With the help of the hostess (waitress?), I chose the fish curry, which is monkfish and completely delicious. Great spice and this fantastic fenugreek curry sauce. I also ordered the crispy okra (expecting fried okra, right?) NOPE. It's this delicious salad of shaved, fried okra with pickled tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, and (I'm sure) other spices. If you get nothing else at Drunken Munkey, get the crispy okra. The naan was fresh, warm, and chewy, the rice was well-prepared and served with a spicy lemon sauce on the side. For the meal I had, the price was a bargain. I absolutely recommend checking this place out.
Very good food in a cute dive of a restaurant. Just a little expensive for my taste...
Food was just the right portion and price (had the lamb dish).  Make sure to make a reservation (as it was very crowded on a Monday night!).  It is small and crowded for my liking, hence I can't give it a perfect rating.  Service was good and the atmosphere was lively.  My friend really liked it as well (ordered one of the vegetarian dishes).  Someone had a birthday celebration and they dimmed the lights and a festive atmosphere throughout the restaurant broke out :)  Overall recommend!
Was looking for a place for a drink and a snack after a show, but it was raining, so we started looking for something close by. I wasn't really thinking Indian food, so I almost skipped over the Drunken Munkey. I did notice, however, that they claimed to make great cocktails. Now, there is a restaurant near me that makes incredibly awesome mixed drinks, so I know how wonderful this can be beyond the usual sugary mixed drinks so many places are pushing these days, and even beyond a well made classic mixed drink. So we decided to walk by and see how it looked. It looked good. We got there about 10:30 on Saturday and the place was almost full, but there were 2 seats at the bar. The mixed drinks were just what I expected, amazing. The atmosphere was amazing. I ended up ordering a shrimp appetizer and a mango and ice cream dessert, both were wonderful! The service, and the attitude of the staff, were among the best I've experienced in a long time, anywhere.  This is a fun place with very creative food and drink. Highly recommend.
It smells really bad of moth balls. Why? I can't say. The staff is also combatative and rude.
Outstanding cuisine & delicious drinks.  All chicken dishes & prawns were just awesome.  That is what our table ate & loved.
I enjoyed my meal at Drunken Munkey.  The food was excellent.  Perfect preparation.  And the drinks were wonderful (esp. the Paanch).  I do feel it's a bit pricey for what you get, but what you get is indeed delicious. I'd especially recommend the Paani Puri which is like a food-shot.  Great way to start a meal.
I loved the drunken munkey.  What a perfect spin on a traditional indian restaurant.  I would say that most indian restaurants that I have been to have amazing food but lack the ambiance of a fun and trendy restaurant.  Drunken Munkey did it right.  They have an amazing assortment of cocktails to pair with their awesome, authentic indian meals.  I always go with the priz fixe, which will get you a full meal (inclusive of appetizers, main course, cocktail, and dessert) for a very fair price. This is truly a hidden gem in the upper east side and I will definitely be back.
We love this place; it's so cool. From its location tucked away on an UES side street to the Bollywood films screened silently nonstop, Drunken Munkey is not typical in any way. There's an inclination to the British in the cocktails, a wine list with a bit wider geography, and a small beer menu that will hit most tastes. The food covers a lot of familiar Indian territory, but is somehow more delicious and interesting, even though the menu is smaller by far than most from that ethnicity. Not to be missed are the tiger prawns, chili cheese toast, a biryani with a jaunty dough turban, the huge portion of tandoori chicken and the paneer tikka masala. It's noisy, crowded, hard to get a table and just a fun place to be.
Very good. They were able to get 6 of us in around 5:30  and the food was great. The meatballs are very good as are the other entrees that we tried. The one thing that seemed to impress us the most was one of their signature cocktails, the "wise old munkey". We had just made happy hour and so got in on the buy two get two free. Everyone agreed this drink was awesome as we took advantage of the happy hour. As if the interior atmosphere isn't cool enough they had an old 1970's British/India movie playing. Is was a perfect evening out for us. Relaxing, quiet, a good way to end the day.
Neighborhood gem with great tasty food and friendly staff. The water isnt free and a James Bond movie was playing loudly in the background. Too bad.
All I can say is that this place has amazing food! The atmosphere is very interesting and fun! You wouldn't expect this to be a place you would want to be if you were an expert on Indian food but wow this place was a huge shock to me and has amazing and exceptional dishes!!! Will for sure go back!! Get there chicken birani!!! For dinner and Chili toast, chicken Teaka as appetizers!!!! I absolutely love this place! And you will too!
We ventured to Drunken Monkey on a hot Thursday during our first night in NYC. Given that it had great reviews all around, craft cocktails and authentic Indian cuisine we decided it would be worth our trip. First off, the place was packed. To give the staff credit we were seated quickly and service was quick but not rushed throughout the meal. Our waitress was hurried and unfortunately she made that known but still took care of us to our satisfaction. The area is small, intimate, romantic and dark. This created a fun environment for dinner.  We started our evening with some cocktails that satisfied our thirst promptly.  We ordered the lamb and chicken, which were delicious and not over filling. The naan, oh the naan. Really a surprise as a stand out in this dinner was the naan. It was good until the last bite. I really feel this restaurant has it all: good drinks, good food, cool atmosphere and reasonably priced. Drunken Monkey would get my recommendation and business again if back in town, Thanks!
This is the best Indian food on the UES with the added bonus of fun and delicious cocktails. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Pimm's cocktail. Both were perfect. Our waitress was lovely, accommodating and brought us a cauliflower dish on the house. Prices are normal for the area, nothing crazy. The decor is really cute (but not over the top). This is perfect for a date. On a Friday night it was crowded but not overly noisy and we were seated quickly. We will be back for sure!
What an amazing find-an Indian restaurant with an inspiring modern menu, amazing drinks and exceptional ambiance (love the Beatles album and the monkey in front)!  We had the crispy okra (great flavor), saag paneer and chili cheese toast.  The music was a nice combo-went from Lionel Richie to jazz and then to the Beatles.  The mixed drinks (had a dark and stormy and side car were made to perfection (very unusual at an Indian restaurant).  I am excited to go back!
I LOVE this place.  I wandered in shortly after I moved to the UES last year (attracted by the red lights hanging outside), and it pretty much instantaneously became my favorite bar and restaurant in the neighborhood.  I've taken many a friend and family member here, and they all love it too.  Admittedly, the food and drink prices are a little high for my twenty-something price point, but I ultimately think they are worth it.  Both their food and their cocktails are delicious and win high marks for presentation (indeed, I recommend sitting at the bar so that you can watch the bartenders invert limes and make spherical ice for different drinks).  The ambiance is fun, and the servers/bartenders are really friendly.  It really is the best.
Food was great, but they charged for still tap water! Who does that?! When they ask if you want another bottle of water (that has their own name on it btw), know it's another $4.50
It was a lovely experience on an uncommonly warm November evening. The restaurant folks were very understanding of the fact that one of our party was late and let us sit outside enjoying our cocktails and not sticklers about the reservation time. The drinks were stellar. The food was very good, but not what I was expecting from reading their website - I thought it would be more aromatic rather than closer to classic spicy Indian fare - nonetheless, it was very tasty and well-prepared and presented. The place is rather small though and perhaps sacrificing a few tables would make it work better. And the music was loud at times. The staff was courteous, professional and appropriate. All-in-all I highly recommend it and will go again to try some of the other dishes that I did not get a chance to taste this time.
Perfect ambiance. The light, the decor and the music were just right. Amazing, attentive, kind staff- delicious food!
Hands down, my favorite chicken tikka masala and naan in the city. Pros: the food is delicious, and they put a spin on some typical Indian dishes. Entrees come with both naan and rice, which totally makes up for the 18 dollar price tag (compared to the typical 13 at many other restaurants). The portions are great. The ambiance of the restaurant is cozy and romantic. The cocktails are unique and tasty. Cons: the restaurant is always packed, on every day of the week. On busy nights they offer the full menu at the bar, which is a nice thought but really not s comfortable amount of space to eat. Overall, the biggest downfall of the restaurant is the host. He clearly tends to costumers who appear to have a lot of money, and almost completely ignores anyone who looks under 30. At my last visit to the Drunken Monkey we waited over 20 minutes to be seated as the host chatted when there were 2 open tables (not reserved) within the first 2 minutes of our wait. Advice: everyone needs to check out the drunken monkey at least once. The atmosphere and quality of food is superior to many other Indian restaurants in the city. If you have a negative experience with the host try to put that aside so you can enjoy the food. Note: their chicken tikka dish definitely has a kick to it, not super spicy but those who are sensitive to flavor should keep that in mind.
Everyone goes gaga over the crispy okra and the pani puri so decided to try it. The okra was decent but the pani puri was a major disappointment to an indian. I found this bar to be extremely expensive for serving run of the mill food which you can get for 1/3rd the price at other indian restaurants. The drink i ordered also was not as boozy as i expected so that was also a disappointment. Had heard a lot of good things about it but don't think their food or drinks make sense to my indian tastebuds.
Came here tonite with 6 of my best girlfriends and we had waaaay too much fun! Okay, yeah the ambiance is super vintage and chic, but the food...?...WOW! LOVE IT!!!  It was my girls birthday so we arrived with a reservation which I highly recommend since it's so busy. The drinks are eclectic and really are a wide variety of spices and flavored. The service was spot on. The vegetarian was my favorite although I like the chicken and fish dishes. Also, dehydrated okra?! Delish! The desserts are not too sweet and a wonderful ending to a great meal. Okay, but this playlist has to change. That's the only thing I can say "bad" about this place. We will definitely be back. Soon!
Saw the excellent reviews and had to check it out... not sure what all the hype is about. It just seems to be a trendy up-and-coming place if you like drinks and the "atmosphere". On the other hand, if you're actually looking for good food it is utterly underwelming. I ordered the chicken birayani and it was not only mushy, but exceptionally bland. Left disappointed.
Drinks were well crafted and the food was fine. The waiter made us feel like we were taking up space and as though they needed us to finish and get out. Very cool looking bar.
Best butter chicken ever. And you must try the okra. The lamb was good too. We had a great dinner with friends from out of town and we weren't rushed out. The music was a little loud but when we asked, they turned it down.
I tried this place for brunch with my friends, I like the ambience. Their menu looked quite interesting as they added a little twist to Indian food. We ordered a lot stuff, crispy okra, omelette with tandoori chicken, pao bhaji was pretty good. Bhel puri tasted really yummy because of fresh mint added to it. However, chicken dosa and veg dosa wasn't that great, I have had better dosas and sambar. Overall, it was good. It's definitely worth trying.
The food at Drunken Monkey is good but the ambience of the restaurant makes it better. I usually don't like fancy indian restaurants as I always feel that the most delicious indian food is found where all new york cabbies go. We ordered the Pani Puri, Mutton Kabab, and Tiger Prawn for appetizer and for main course we ordered the Shimp curry, lamb Rojan, Lamb chops and Chicken Briyani. Everyone at our table was happy with the food. I picked the shrimp for myself and I was not disappointed. The portions are not big enough to share but its a good size for one person. We also got the Crispy Okra as a side and it was really good. The drinks were really good but the desserts left much to be desired from. The Gajar halwa was good but everything was just ok. We will definitely go back again. I recommend going for a birthday celebration as the restaurant does a very fun display for the birthday candle.
If I could give a place more than 5 stars, it would be here.Me and a friend came to New York for only three nights, and wanted to try a little bit of everything----however, we were so pleased with this place that we actually came back to it the next night instead of trying something new. First night, we ordered cocktails which were made with fresh ingredients and the bartender was polite and told us all about how they're made and where they get the ingredients. She seemed eager to answer all of our random and even silly drunk-end-of-the-night questions. After chatting a bit, she brings us out free okra chips and tikka massala to go with bread that the chefs made for us. Second night, everything we ordered was amazing as well. We went for a few drinks and ordered chicken tikka masala to-go, which was the best I've ever had. The owner came out and talked to us and I believe had a few drinks with us as well (I was pretty toasted). Even if you don't happen to be staying near the Yorkville area, I'd say this place is a must visit.
Amazing ambiance. Great food and drinks, a little on the pricier side but totally worth it. The fried okra appetizer was DELICIOUS, for a dish so simple it was really good. The drinks menu was very extensive and the drinks were STRONG. Definitely a plus since a lot of places like to water down their drinks, sadly. Perfect environment for a date night.
Returned recently for drinks and appetizers and decided that despite the great decor, the drinks are just so-so and the service is way too strange (we got the same server who has the most odd, cold vibe to her and she never checks how we are doing) to warrant going back. Too bad, this place is wasting its potential.
Very disappointing ! First we had no idea that on Valentine's Day there was a prix-fix menu, no one told us when we made the reservation. Was told when we reached the restaurant . Then the food was cold and tasteless .
Came for July 4th. When I reserved and arrived the table they initially sat us at was sandwiched between a party of eight on my right and two other parties on my left. Cramped into one seated area, the waiter was nice and let us switch tables to a more spacious seated location. The food was good but definitely not spicy to my standards! It was actually kind of bland. The drinks were highly recommended by Yielp. I ordered a "Air Spritzer" I asked what it was exactly, the waiter said its "popular and refreshing" my friend ordered a mixed berry cocktail, pretty in decor but not strong. Haha now I think I know why this place is called "Drunken Monkey" the drink I ordered didn't hit on me until after I had a glass a Malbec wine and got to dessert. I felt a bit lightheaded afterwards. The prices was a bit expensive given the main dish wasn't so filling. Overall we still had a nice time and I would consider coming for a birthday celebration etc.
Totally lived up to my expectations! The cocktails they make are fantastic and they offer a wide selection. I had the white grasshopper (delicious) and my bf had the Pimms #1 (also very good).  We had the okra to start.  It was a good appetizer but I probably would not order it again (and instead try something else).  For my main dish I had the butter chicken and my bf ordered the fish curry and we both thought the food was true indian style and spiced to perfection!  The main courses come with rice, Indian yogurt, dhal (lentil soup) and it ends up being a large portion.  I'm already looking forward to going back for more delicious indian food!
Love this place! Food is superb! I had the shrimp curry twice and both times it was heavenly! The biryani is also really great. The bloody mary is on a whole different level than all the other ones I've had. Infused with okra and cumin, it has such an amazing kick, i did not want it to end! Very very worth it!Decor is so funny with monkeys everywhere.Highly recommend this place!
I went here with a friend late on a Wednesday night. It was pretty packed but it is a small place so no surprise there. The host got us seated very quickly and as it had been raining I was very happy to hear that. The service was good and the waitress was very attentive to us through out the night. She even suggested wine and gave us an appetizer on the house. Loved the drinks most of all. Would definitely suggest friends to go but it is very small so if your looking for a date I wouldn't go here.
Great food, friendly service and delicious drinks! The cocktails are all crafted with great care. My fav is the Indian Spiced Old Fashioned but there are many more great mixed drinks. They pair really great with the bistro style plated Indian food. The shrimp curry is flavorful and has a little heat. The dinner came with rice and naan. Try the fried okra side, it's a great addition!
Fantastic! Dark but silly ambience (lots of monkeys) and food to die for. We had the crispy okra and pani purree (sp?) to start, which were both such a treat, and then huge entrees. For dessert we got the cricket rum ball (fudgey chocolate dream!) and I had to get the caramelized vermicelli noodles, which did not disappoint. Great drinks and reasonable prices, a wonderful experience all around.
I don't eat spicy food which seriously limits me at Indian restaurants but here it does not matter! Everything I've tried here, while skeptical at first, has proved me wrong and been delicious. From their Briyanis, to their Butter Chicken Tikka Masala, to even their crispy okra. And their cocktails!! By far, my favorite dark N'stormy in ALL of NYC (all. of. it.) is here. I mean, they add a SUGAR CANE for God's sake! IT's incredibly delicious and not for the light weight either :).
Like many people, I've had butter chicken a number of places, Drunken Munkey served the best I ever had (had a 'note' of heat, which was perfection). Also had a very fun/welcoming/chic atmosphere that you don't expect of Indian restaurants. Great cocktails, service, will definitely be back!
They discriminate against women in this restaurant. I arrived wearing a designer cap and elegant dress and the rude maitre d' refused to allow me to dine there unless I took off my hat. This is a casual restaurant and the staff are not well dressed so why should I be rudely forced to take off my hat when I am actually in a more dressy fashionable outfit than anyone else in the restaurant. How tacky nasty and discriminatory. I will never return. I believe it is illegal to bar entry for a person wearing a hat.
Excellent place.. Very nice ambiance.. Cute and quaint.. Great for a first date as it is quiet an intimate during the week.. Ask for Bin the bartender .. He is the coolest. I had the butter chicken tikka masala.. Loved it
I hate Indian food ... but the Drunken Munkey has made me a convert!The flavors were subtle, the portions humongous, and the service spot-on.  We ordered the chili cheese toast and the chicken tikka to start; then we moved on to the Biryani's.  Hard to decide which we liked best, so we brought home a bit of each.As for the drinks, ooh la la.  I ordered the "Army & Navy Cocktail", a tart combo of Ford's Gin, fresh lemon, orgeat syrup (not actually sure what this is!!), and lemon zest - floating luxuriously in an old-style martini glass.A great night full of culinary surprises!!
The food here was amazing! Got here around 6 on a Tuesday and the restaurant was not busy. The crowd started picking up around 7. I ordered the lamb biryani, which was very flavorful and spiced very well. The naan melted on top of the biryani was soft and delicious. There was only one waitress serving in the restaurant so the service was a bit slow but the service itself was great. Would definitely recommend going here for a birthday or even a date (but make sure you make a reservation).
First things first, I am an authentic Indian male yelp elitist!  #iggyazaleatributeOk now some real talk.  I really wanted to like this place but I was generous when giving three stars #reallyonlytwostarsThis place is definitely a quaint and nicely themed British colonial themed Indian restaurant #indiansdidnotenjoybritishruleI definitely liked the decor and the vibe is good.  There were not many Indians in there and that should have already told me something.  #neveragoodsignThe bartender was making some very complicated and tasty libations from what I overheard from others at the bar #atleastthedrinkswereonpointNow onto the food where things really fall apart.  This is very Americanized non-spicy and very bland Indian food that is a tad overpriced to boot.  Let's start with the pani puri.  Pani means water literally translated but is really the essence of this otherwise very tasty Indian snack/street food.  While the presentation was good the taste was not.  The crispy okra was unique but again quite average and not sure why they are so popular.  Lastly we got the shrimp which was again not Indian spiced at all.  The yellow daal was very average.  The rice did not really pop and the raita was pathetic!  I will say the naan was fine but hardly a consolation.  If you want a quaint place with a good vibe and decent drinks then swing by BUT if you are hungry and craving some good Indian food then avoid these monkeys!
The cocktails were nice. The food was sub-par. We ordered a bunch of starters. The best was the mutton seekh kebab. The paneer tikka was kinda dry, the chili cheese toast was just okay since the toast should have been crunchier and the paani Puri needed some sweetness and the completely forgot the little bit of potato and lentil stuffing that should go in it. Disappointed
Love this place!  We had a birthday dinner there last night and had an amazing experience.  Not too pricey, excellent food, and a fantastic Bollywood birthday surprise!Highly recommended.  Also has a great happy hour as well.
Like at first sight, love at first bite!What an awesome find on the UES. It's a super great date spot! The interior is whimsical (or creepy, depending on how you feel about monkeys in tuxedos) and charming, especially once they dim the lights around 7:30. There's an awesome $29 prix fixe menu--one cocktail (from a handful of select choices), one side (the much-raved about crispy okra included), one entrée and one dessert. Considering the cocktail alone is about $12.50, and the entrée I ordered (the butter chicken tikka masala) was about $18, it's a good option.The butter chicken tikka masala was so, so good. I loved every last bite and didn't leave anything for the dishwasher. My date's pork was also excellent--hot and tender. We both had the crispy okra, which was very good, though I enjoyed my entrée more. Both my and my date's cocktails were also both very good. We're not big cocktail people, so I'll leave the serious judging to others, but they were really quite enjoyable and a nice balance of flavors. (I wouldn't have thought to pair Indian with semi-fruity cocktails, but it works!) I had some sort of carrot cake-ish dessert, which I liked, and my husband had the ice cream and mangos, which he really liked--they were a modest size that make you not feel so indulgent. Although we wouldn't order dessert, it's included in the prix fixe and both were nice touches to the end of the meal. The service was unobtrusive and well-paced, but what really stands out is the comfortable, whimsical atmosphere, the cocktail and the entrée. This is the kind of place that's making the UES cooler. Check it out.
A low-key intimate bar-restaurant where you can actually hear your partner talk with truly excellent Indian food.
Lamb byriani is incredible.  Classy Indian.
This is an outstanding cocktail bar that happens to have excellent food! Highly recommended for craft cocktail fans - they have the ingredients, the passion, and the know how. You won't be disappointed. Thumbs way up.
I first came here for a romantic dinner and had to give my date bonus points for the restaurant choice! Food was delicious and the unusual and creative drinks were outstanding. The space is small and cozy and the place was fully booked on a weeknight night.  The crowd is sophisticated and so friendly.  Make sure you get a reservation first! It's just THAT good :)Spent NYE here for their disco party and it was the perfect choice! Incredible food, perfect drinks, fog, lights, party hats and streamers all made this a night to remember!     Highly recommended for any occasion. Dinner, drinks or both.  It'll wow your date for sure!
Loved their unlimited house cocktails ! Its a beautiful restaurant, such classy decor and contemporary cuisine. Must try - Chettinad Chicken Dosa !
Rude service , expensive , shitty host . There are better places . They seem to be selective to who they are nice to . Tried them twice . Once I wore jeans and a tee , next time a suit . Ridiculous . The food isn't that great . So why bother ?
We just moved to the neighborhood and discovered this place; still have to try a lot of other places in the area but it's hard because we could just come here and be perfectly happy. Most of the cocktails I've tried here have been delicious (and the ones I didn't love were probably just not my kind of drink). The Bramble is my favorite: blackberries! Maybe it's the gomme, too. The food is good. I'm vegetarian and there are quite a few choices for me, and the dishes come with naan and rice, so it's definitely enough (even though it might not look it at first). Nicely decorated, good music, service is friendly. There's really nothing more to ask for.
We are back for Sunday brunch.. we were here for dinner Friday night - with my 5 year old and he loved it too and asked to come back again - superb ambience, food is delicious we tired panneer tikka: very soft fresh panneer not very spicy, chicken tikka - pretty good too - I liked panner better. Awesome cocktails and starters too.
So delicious! Don't be fooled by the impressively nice doorman who offers to take your coat- the prices are much lower than you'd think! So delicious, the naan is nice and soft, the paneer was tastey (probably had 5 sticks of butter though! My thighs will hate me later...). The green beans were a tad off- if you're not a fan of beans, get something else. Very small, intimate venue, so not great for more than 4 people.
It's a great lil cozy place for either a date, a casual dinner with co-workers or friends or even if you just want to hang out. I had the East Indian cocktail, which was not my favourite as it was a tad too strong for me. But the Singapore Sling right after made up for it. We just stuck with drinks and they even gave us a complimentary appetizer of fried ochras which was very sweet of them. I would definitely come back here!
One of the best service experiences in NY.  The manager Garrett and Lupe (sp?) were super courteous and accommodating.  They made us feel right at home even though it was our first time.  One of the owners was also there, and was very friendly and welcoming.  Food and drinks were excellent (we had the 3 course dinner - with sindhi fish curry)
I give them two stars for food only - the kabab trays smelled of eggs - just as u put the drinking glasses along with egg plates and out come from dishwasher glasses smelling of stale eggs. That's the strong smell that hits your nostrils as the platter of kabab is put in front of you.The saag paneer uncooked tasted raw where the color is beautiful the taste was awful - a simple dish one seldom goes wrong withGoat seekh kabab was 100% lamb meat as the game smell very strong so if not used to lamb it hits you strongly .Chicken tikka was dry no flavor Bater - Quail was tough not worth ordering lacked in flavorFish curry was good Pork vindaloo no where tasted like its name and a dish which had a red tangy color seemed a dirty green Venue is hopping with non Indian crowd -staff and manager very good but quality and taste of food at least that's what I go to a restaurant for was in my mind poor and disappointing .I truly DONOT understand how anyone can call this restaurant as the best Indian in NY - either they really have no concept of Indian or just don't around the city much
Love this place. It's pretty pricey, but you get a decent amount of food (in addition to it being delicious, in great ambiance, with good service, etc). Pretty small space, so make a reservation if you're on a weekend night!
Extremely rude and uninviting hostess.  We arrived at 430 (their opening time) and the hostess would not let us enter even though the door  was clearly open. She just waved her finger at us no.
I am literally NEVER in this part of town but I happened to be visiting a friend of mine there and we went to dinner at Drunken Munkey. While we had to wait outside and, in doing so, witnessed a rat running about some cars, we were given comfy seats and drinks during our wait, which were excellent. Once we were seated inside, the atmosphere was everything we hoped for with old black and white Bollywood movies playing on the tv screens around us. The bar looked especially fun and, where we were seated, we had a lovely view of the detailed and perfect gaudy decor. Our biryani came out in a pastry shell, which was beautiful presentation. The rest of our food was delicious. We had a really enjoyable experience there. I don't know the next time I'll be in that part of town but, if I am, I shall be going back there.
the kababs were delicious and the biryani was very nicely done too. They had some very innovative Indian dishes which were delicious.
Fun place, closely placed tables (this is NY) great service. Loved the Lucknow meatballThere was one app (can't recall the name) that was a liquid filled dumpling, it is served cold which was a surprise. Overall a good time, definitely not the Indian food we are used to, but very good and worth a return trip.
Absolutely delicious meal and yummy cocktails. The decor is British railway inspired and the restaurant has a cozy atmosphere. We ordered a curry each and enjoyed them immensely. The portions are large and each curry comes with naan bread, dhal and rice so no real need for any side dishes. The butter chicken was so tasty and a highlight of our time in NYC so far. A real gem on the UES and we can't wait to go back soon. Only criticism is that the tables are quite close together and there isn't a lot of room to move around.
This is an AMAZING restaurant!  The atmosphere is perfect, the food is out of this world, and the drinks are fantastic!  I start with a bramble, love the chile cheese toast, okra, lamb chops, chicken tikka masala...wait everything is fantastic :)  We came when it first opened and have been back several times since then.  We have done take out a few times too!  The "Munkey" never disappoints!  This is a must visit on the UES!
I order out from here multiple times per month. The butter chicken with rice and naan is delicious! Also a cozy environment to dine in.
The first time I tried this place, I was visiting from Texas. I love everything about Drunken Monkey. The handmade drinks, amazing food, eclectic atmosphere. I crave the tikka masala throughout the year and go every time I'm in town.
We came here for dinner on Tuesday night for my mom's birthday and had a really bad experience. This restaurant is usually our go-to place as it's in the neighborhood we live in and serves really great Indian food. On Tuesday night, we walked in around 8PM and ordered the Tandoori Batayr (Quail) as an appetizer. Usually this is a great tasting dish and we order it all the time! However, on Tuesday we felt that the quail was over-cooked and very very dry. We informed the server about this and he only came back to tell us that quail is cooked this way and we shouldn't have ordered it if we are not "used" to eating it. I was so shocked at his rudeness that we decided to leave and have dinner elsewhere. Really disappointed as we have always loved to eat at Drunken Munkey and will not be returning after this experience.
Visiting granddaughter in area and wanted to stay in Yorkville for meals. Drunken Munkey is excellent. Food is superb and the staff was friendly. Restaurant is small so reservations are a must and they will thank you for making one. My tandoori chicken was excellent. Spicy and moist. Meal was so enjoyable that the night before we left, wife and I called at last minute and ducked in on Sunday night dinner of just a selection of appetizers. Perfect. Gets very busy on Friday and Saturday PM's so plan ahead.
The ambiance is great. I tried both chicken and lamb biryani, they were outstanding.It is a relaxed, fun and quiet place.
Delicious. Great atmosphere. Great service. Had the monkfish curry and it was amazing. Good cocktails too.
Not bad. Usually I'm a big fan of biriyani, but the one here just didn't taste that right. I prefer my biriyani a little greasy, the way it's supposed to be, but the one here was too dry. Also other dishes were good, but just OK good.Overall, its overpriced for the food.
This place is one of my favorites, the reviews are on point about this place. The drinks are very good, the staff is amazing they are very interested in their consumers. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, it's one of the best I've had. Buttery and warm, comfort food should be synonymous to this dish. The appetizers are amazing too, I forgot what's the name of the appetizer I had but it tastes like summer in your mouth. It's a little thing that you pop into your mouth that has some lemon and cilantro type of broth. Uhmazing. I love this place. The prices are fair, the serving portions will definitely get you filled up. It's worth your buck... OHHH and happy hour is buy two drinks get two free... If that's not incentive for anyone then get outta this website.
Terrible staff. Very rude, poor attitude and inconsiderate. Absolutely avoid the restaurant.   Spent 30 minutes waiting for a table when tables were available. Also even when there is no wait, the staff actively asks people to leave once done with their meal. Truly a mismanaged restaurant.
We are lucky to have this wonderfully unique restaurant in our neighborhood! My boyfriend and I come here often, and I have to say that everything is very consistently excellent- from food, to drinks, to service, to atmosphere. The Drunken Munkey really knows how to entertain, and entertain perfectly. My usual meal consists of the amazing Pani Puri as an appetizer, the delicious Butter Paneer Tikka Masala, and a Dark and Stormy (or Bramble, depending on my mood.) Both the food and the drinks are made with great care and excellency. Drunken Munkey has, by far, the best Indian food I've ever had. Like I said, the Upper East Side is really lucky to have this fun, unique, exciting, interesting, and most importantly- exquisitely delicious restaurant in the neighborhood. Very highly recommended.
Food was delicious (and I feel fine afterwards), prices for food are very reasonable and the decor is very cool but....1) They have a "light pour" on the drinks.  That drives me nuts in restaurants because it is so dumb to do.   I'm okay with charging $15 for a drink (when you can buy an entire bottle for not much more than that in the liquor store),  but just give me a decent sized pour.  Why chintz on the pour, the marginal cost to the owner of an extra ounce is trivial and it makes the customer disproportionately happy.2) No one else was in the place when I went there for lunch, they have a "Grade Pending" sign up, there are lots of flies buzzing around the light fixtures (in fairness, door and windows were open since it was a nice day) and waitress disappeared in bathroom for so long I had to get the cook to ring up my bill.  I'm just saying'.....
Crispy okra...wow! Delicious food and cocktails. Recently moved to the neighborhood and have eaten here twice. First time was a late walk-in dinner and we were given their crispy okra (signature appetizer dish) to try and now I'm hooked! The railway chicken is so yummy and my hubby loves their pork vindalu which is quite spicy.The second time we had reservations for 3 at prime dinner time, but our table wasn't ready for us. The host asked another couple to move a touch to make room for us at the bar, but they refused...no worries...the host then offered us cocktails on the house and we sat outside under the heaters and enjoyed our delicious cocktails. Sometimes, rubbish happens, but it's how it's dealt with is what matters and our group was very happy with how the situation was handled by the host. Yet again, excellent food and cocktails in a fun and lively atmosphere.
A local gemLovely atmosphere - excellent hosts and waitstaff - interesting cocktails and outstanding food. Interesting and well executed cuisine as explained by the host as a more British colonial influenced indian style - plates are presented as complete entrees rather than the more traditional pass around family style. Each entree included rice, naan and sauce - complete and satisfying - each interesting and delicious. I can't wait to go back. Highly recommended.
So mediocre. I went in wanting this to be my new stopping grounds. I won't be back. In terms of ambience, it's not what you typically get at an Indian restaurant--but hey, it's 2015 and I'm looking to let loose. We ordered some fried okra--which were like a plate full of potato chips, as well as the paan puri which was a cold liquid in hard shelll- strange (and not in a good one) and made me almost gag. Lamb biriani was tasty enough... The eggplant curry was nice but forgettable--like my first kiss at summer camp. Save ur bucks. It ain't cheap, either
Tried to go here for brunch. Made a reservation for Sunday morning and showed up on time to discover the restaurant closed and one worker waiting outside. They were still not functional half an hour later. What's more, they were not particularly apologetic and they did not even try to make up for such unprofessional conduct. We have never faced this kind of behavior before where an established restaurant does not honor its reservation and turned away the customers starving without any kind of apology. I think that's enough said about why they deserve a 1 star rating.
This place was great. The Pani puri was very good.  Not the best, but they make it very easy for you by putting it all together.  The sidecar goes down very easily. The okra was definitely very good as well.  I love spicy and the food was definitely spicy.  So for me, this place is definitely a return spot .
I cam here the Sunday night of fourth of July weekend with my boyfriend to the start of a little night on the town since we took the next day off. I read so many pleasant things about this place on Yelp that I had to see for myself.The decor was thoughtful, I felt like I walked into a classic Indian establishment. The lighting is on the low side which I enjoy. On the TV abvoe the bar some bollywood movies were being played. There's something to be said for the atmosphere, I could tell all of the other diners and bar patrons were having a nice night. The menu is quite nice. It has a variety of traditional Indian dishes with a twist. To start we had the fried okra which was tasty. Something I'd try to recreate on my own but I doubt I can execute it as nicely as the chefs. For entrees we had the lamb byrani and chicken tikka masala. At first we thought the portions looked small but they ended up being perfectly sized, we ate the entire thing. The flavors were delightful, meat was cooked nicely. Unfortunately I do have some criticisms for the restaurant surrounding the pricing. The low hanging fruit here is the plates are expensive and you don't get the bang for your buck as far as the meat. (Read: Stingy with the chicken and lamb in my entrees). If there's one thing I can't stand, it's paying $15 for a cocktail with a small amount of booze. This place does that. I'm cool with an expensive drink but I expect a good amount of liquor and  for it to arrive quickly. On to my next point that we ordered a second round to have a cocktail with our entree and 20 minutes had gone by before we decided to cancel it with the server. She said she had to check with the bartender to make sure he could cancel it. Thankfully it wasn't and issue but I find it unacceptable that we would have to wait 20 minutes for a cocktail on SUNDAY NIGHT when there were maybe 5 people at the bar. I think what was going on was the bartender was training the hostess and there's nothing wrong with that but it's not okay to let patrons wait that long for drinks. It was obvious that they weren't focused on training, more like hanging out behind the bar. I won't be back. I feel it's a tad overpriced.
Recently came here for an intimate dinner with my girlfriend, and we were not disappointed. First things first: This place is tiny. We happened to come in at a time when it was less busy, but with maybe 10 tables, we still waited a few minutes. It's also dark, one of those trendy "menu-by-candle" places. There was a grainy Bollywood film playing noiselessly in the corner, and the place smelled of delicious curry.Anyway, I digress! We got Indian food staples like Saag Paneer and Malai Kofta and Chicken Tikka Masala, as well as a chickpea appetizer and drinks. I believe I got a Moscow Mule, and it was well-made. I am not the most discerning eater of Indian food, but I have been to many Indian places in Manhattan and this was up there with the best.What really made this place stand out is, on the night we were there, the owner was also there, drinking with some friends. When a few people began to get rowdy and disturbed the calm of the restaurant, he promptly asked them to stop. When they continued minutes later, he threw them out. For that they get my highest recommendation. We'll be returning here soon.
Get the okra fries you will not regret it!! The pav bhaji sliders are really good but they only serve them during brunch and happy hour. I wish they would add them to the menu permanently. The drinks are excellent especially one with the sugarcane juice.
This is my 3rd time coming to The Drunken Munkey, even though its location is out of my normal sphere. Every single time I am blown away. Fantastic and unique cuisine, excellent service, and quality ambiance. Owner is absolutely delightful. Highly recommend to anyone looking to spice up their life with a new experience and some damn good food.
This place is amazing. When for the first time earlier this evening and I was not disappointed. The food was to die for and the atmosphere was incredible. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. Highly recommended, this is definitely a place you will want to return to.
Went back and gave them another try . The food and drinks were excellent and the staff very attentive...i look forward to returning !
Very good cocktails--each meticulously crafted.  Had the special punch as well and was great and unique!  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and sipping cocktails on a colder night. Split a few food items and were excellent as well--be prepared for a little extra spice. Excellent naan btw.
Worth try the place. This is my first time to this place and I am pretty impressed. I ordered only veg dishes and they were good. Will visit the place again soon. The place is quite small and it's always reserved , it's better to make reservation before.
I am usually lazy to write reviews in yelp but thanks to this place, here I'm writing my first review. Being an Indian, we have Indian food at home all the time so we usually avoid having Indian food out. However, we wanted to try this place and boy, the food was amazing! A must try. Even the desert was awesome!
This is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to in Manhattan. Service is top notch, food is amazing, no matter what you get. Would recommend 100%. Make sure to make a reservation ahead of time. Their bar is great too, awesome drinks. A gem on the upper east side.
Neat atmosphere. Intimate, and nice bar. The food was mediocre for Indian. It is a relatively small, and Americanized menu - but standard flare choices. The palak was good, but both chicken dishes were chewy - tasted like the chicken was boiled maybe. I'd say the food is a 3, but I knocked them for service. They forgot to make our food - the manager apologized and was arguing with the kitchen staff, but it came out about 20 min after promised (many "it's coming out now" - but it wasn't). They didn't offer anything compensation - just a "sorry"
The drinks were strong and really good. Happy Hour FTW! Food was very flavorful and authentic. I am looking forward to going back.
DELICIOUS food and drink (albeit a tad expensive,) paired with a relaxing to both mind and body atmosphere. Great date spot!
A++++ expertly executed cuisine!  Service superb....Bar well stocked and clubby atmosphere  that delivered an on point "SideCar".  It shall be amongst my "go to" places, especially when entertaining friends!
Tucked away on East 92nd, this little gem was hopping when I got there on a Wednesday night a few weeks back. The decor is very colonial Indian and tasteful. Loved the black and white bollywood playing on the tv. Service was prompt, courteous and very polite, the food, we'll that was a bit of a let down. I ordered the Vindaloo and joy of joy it was pork (never find that in an Indian restaurant so that's a plus for DM) it was very tangy and  not what I remember when my Goan friends made it, not even close. it did come with a Nan and some accompaniments, but make no mistake I cleaned up. I ordered the pani puri app it wasn't very fresh. There menu looks good and I will definitely go up there again.  Hope I caught them on a one off night.
Excellent fusion of Indian food with cocktail.
Went here recently for drinks with friends. They serve food as well and everybody seemed to love their meal. I got one of their signature cocktails and it was very well done and also very strong so really, if you're not much of a drinker, you don't need more than one. Although I can't speak to the taste of the meals, they are presented very well, although it did look like you might have to order a couple of things if you're HUNGRY. All the same, it was great for conversation and there weren't too many people even on a busy Thursday so don't know how much of a crowd it gets - which I like. We were there pretty late too and they seemed unbothered so it was nice not to feel like you had to rush out of there, unlike a lot of places. SIde bar: forgot my gloves and called the restaurant to hold it for me, which they obliged kindly. Went back to pick them up a few days later and though I had to state my name and present my ID (which felt like a bit much for a pair of gloves), I appreciated it.
Had a great meal, great ambiance Service was excellent with very friendly staff Probably one the best Indian meals I've had a quite a few years Highly recommend the chicken chart as an appetizer
Really cute and intimate restaurant, perfect for a date night. The restaurant is dimly lit with nice background music and a Bollywood film playing on the tv. The drinks were tasty (I got the bramble) and I really enjoyed my vegetable korma dish (which came with plenty of sides).
Gotta say the monkey motif is a bit off putting but the  food is great and inexpensive. We came for brunch on a Saturday and were seated immediately. We got the Dosa and the egg roll, and mango lassi. All were delicious--but the dosa is definitely recommended.
This spot has a great atmosphere. The food is quite tasty and the happy hour selection was delicious. Unfortunately the waitress, I'm not sure of her name.. left me with a poor impression of this restaurant. She was young and spanish. Overall, food was great, drinks were great, but the waitress was quite disrespectful. Unfortunately, will not be coming back to this establishment. Please treat every customer with respect. I understand everyone is allowed to have a bad day.
Unable to accommodate groups above 5 - we were asked to sit at the bar. No changes, no joining of tables is 'permitted'.
We really enjoyed our dinner here. The hostess, bartender and waitress were excellent. The food was delicious. Great atmosphere. The cocktails were wonderful and the bartender making them was entertaining to watch. Highly recommend this place and will look forward to returning next time in NYC.
This was place has a nice ambience for dates but even fun group dinners with friends. I love their twist on the old-fashioned and order it every time. The food is very good and the portions are plenty. I'm happy that they serve their entrees with both rice and naan. I usually order the butter chicken but I was very surprised by the homemade taste of the Malabar shrimp curry. Good take on British Indian fusion.My only setback was dessert. I tried the Seyvaani (spelling?) and it was disappointing. Reminded me of a sad halwa. They need to change their dessert menu entirely. Indian desserts are so well-known and it's a shame to pay homage to that with the options they have now. Suggestions: Rasmalai, gulab jamons, kheer, kulfi... literally, anything but the options they have on here.I also always order the fried okra on the side. It's DELICIOUS! I always take the leftovers home with me. They actually last 2-3 days and are still really good.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday! Decided to give this place a try, as we love trying new places, and enjoy Indian food. Drunken Monkey has an interesting spin on Anglo-Indian food. The description and history on the menu adds to the experience. We enjoyed the ambiance and decor. I would recommend trying their cocktails.The food is flavorful, definitely not authentic Indian food, but a good try if you're in the Upper East side area.
Can't say enough good things about this place! Ambience, friendly staff, cocktails, food, location... literally steps from my apartment. I love the British Indian decor and that they always have old Indian movies playing in the background. Food is pretty good Indian food for the UES with a mix of nontraditional food. The drinks are strong but tasty, and good happy hour deals too. But honestly, the host and staff are so incredibly friendly, one of the main reasons we kept coming back! Sad to be moving out of the area, but they sent us off with a free round of drinks... Service is definitely unbeatable!
Back again with the in-laws and had another absolutely fantastic meal. Service was so friendly, the drinks were delicious, and the price is right. It feels like a fancy, trendy, hip night out without an aching wallet and without having to leave the neighborhood. We intend to be back again and again! OH PS... I'm not even a huge fan of Indian food. I am quite picky actually with this cuisine, and the dishes here are perfect for me, as well as my hubby who is an Indian food connoisseur.
Absolutely loved the place ! I originally made reservations for 6 people but 7 of us ended up going and they were really gracious about it and accommodated us. I also moved my reservation, so really impressed with their service. We started with cocktails and everyone seemed to really enjoy their drinks. I ordered the one with old monk in it, I think it was called the wise old monkey and it was amazing. You have to try old monk if you haven't is all I am going to say. For appetizers we had the pani puri, chili cheese toast, mutton seek kabab, prawns, crispy okra and paneer tikka. My absolute favorite was the mutton seek kabab, I think it's the best I have had in NYC and I have had it at a lot of places. For entrees we had the monk fish curry, butter chicken, lamb biryani and saag planner. My favorites were the butter chicken and saag paneer. Again butter chicken is some of the best I have had in a long time. I would say for vegetarians their saag paneer is a must try. The monk fish curry and biryani was also very good. We tried the rum ball, banoffee cake, gajar halwa and seviya for dessert. A couple of those were complimentary I forget which ones. Really nice of them to end our experience this way. Overall I would say this is a great place to hang out with your friends and get some amazing food and drinks The noise level is not crazy so it could work for a date as well, but a casual one I am guessing. I felt the entrees were priced a little steeper than most Indian places but they give you bread along with rice when you order an entree so it's totally fair. Can't wait to go back.
Showed up to this bohemian Indian restaurant with no real expectations. The place wasn't that big but it was full to the gills! Managed to find a spot at the bar thanks in large part to the lovely hostess! Ended up with probably the best seat in the house with a view of the Cocktail Chemist and the guys in the kitchen! Dinner turned out to be delicious and quite satisfying! I had a couple beers and let the bar tender mix me up something special and he did not disappoint! The drink was a rum based refreshing drink that was just perfect! If your in the neighborhood don't hesitate on this one!
Make a reservation before attempting to eat at this restaurant; Luckily they offer delivery. Amazing food, unlike any other Indian restaurant I have tried in NYC. The crispy okra is exceptional. Must try!
I went here last night with two other people. The food was good; I ordered the butter chicken tikki masala, my friend ordered the tandoori chicken tikka as a meal and my sister ordered the vegetable korma. My cocktail was the Mountbattan, which I enjoyed. The other two ladies orders white white which they said was okay. The downside about this restaurant is the space. We got stuck on a tiny little table with the excuse that the table of four was reserved. (The people never came between the time we got there until the time we left, 1h30-1h45).
The food is really amazing. I ordered the chicken tikka, which comes with regular naan and white rice. The portions are quite small for Indian food, and pricey considering the amount of food they give. We started with chilli cheese toast; they were interesting but it was a little dry. It woulda been better with more cheese. I could taste the chilli flavor but not really any chilli itself. The place is very small and crowded. It's cute to go to with friends, but not necessarily an ideal place for a first date bc it's pretty loud in there. I also felt like we were kinda rushed out.
Thai is by far our favorite restaurant in the area. My fiancé and I come here at least once a month. The food is delicious and the service is top notch. Highly recommend the bramble which is their specialty cocktail and the tiger prawns! We will definitely keep going back
Great place to go for a birthday. Awesome food and cocktails. They gave us dessert on the house twice! A must eat on the UES. Can't wait to go for my birthday!
This place was awesome! The staff were very efficient - the manager was also very attentive, drinks were unique and delicious and the food was tasty. Definitely check out their cocktail menu for which they are well known. We had a brilliant experience here even at peak time on a Saturday night - will be back for sure!
The food and drinks were great. The interior with music did not really work well. The layout of the tables felt awkward and cramped. I got the popular buttered chicken. My companion got the slightly spicy pork (sad to say I forgot the full name) we also had the chili cheese bread as starters. That bread was amazing.
I made my reservation for dinner with the Yelp app (my first time) and was shocked to see that all the requests I had made actually happened upon my arrival! We had the romantic table I asked for and the surprise bday dessert after dinner finished without even making any mention in person.  The staff was hospitable, friendly, helpful, and even brought a surprise cocktail to finish off the meal after dessert was delivered. HIGH recommendation for this place! A little gem -- great music, lighting, ambiance :) It was perfect!
Wow, that was a first. We headed to Drunken Monkey tonight excited for an Indian meal in a cool environment. We have been here before and enjoyed it, so tonight made this our destination, walking 12 blocks to get here. We ended up feeling very judged and embarrassed, mortified enough to walk out. We had the night off from our kids, looking forward to a special evening together. It is Sunday night and we are dressed casual, but casual in a fashionable UES way. We were looking forward to sitting at the bar and indulging. Upon arrival the maitre d' was extremely judgmental and not kind about informing us of their house policy to not serve anyone wearing a hat. He then insisted that we hang our sweater on the hooks rather than leave it on the back of our chair. He made us feel awkward and judged in a way that I have never felt in a restaurant in over 20 years of living in the city. I get it, you are trying to maintain your cool rep. But please keep in mind, Drunken Monkey, that you reside at 92nd and First, a very uncool location. If I can deal with your uncool location on a Saturday night, surely you can tolerate my uncool cap and jean jacket on a Sunday night. You should remember that your loyal customers are your neighborhood locals, who might come again and again. You have alienated me and made me feel very uncomfortable, and I will not return and will not recommend you again. We write this from Candle 79, another fine restaurant on the UES, who greeted us graciously and seated us at the bar as desired, serving us an inventive vegan meal in a beautiful setting.
Always always awesome food, drinks and good times guaranteed! There is no other place I would take my friends with confidence. Starting from okra, shrimp, even daal is amazingly tasty. Kudos to the chef. Indian food at it's best!!!
Hands down the neighborhood gem! We just moved to an apt in UES and This restaurant is on the same street. We decided to check it out the very second week of our move inn to our new place. Firstly Surprise! Surprise! My roots are South Asia and i like to think i have fairly decent taste of ethnic food. This place , i would have never thought was actually serving Indian menu. Upon careful observation. The venue itself is themed after Maharajas. Maharajas were after British occupation of India were subject to British Empire. The British Empire make the Maharajas rule on their land and ask them to share their profits of commodity. A process by wich the Maharaja keeps his position in the community and British Empire reaps the benefit of Maharajas Land. This theme is through out the venue, you see pictures , fancy cricket balls on the door knobs, clearly amazing decor for a very tiny space. Food pricing is reasonable, actually its pretty standard for the neighborhood. I order Lamb biryani religiously, comes out $25 including taxes and tips. What i do know while i am spending this amount is, my meal is cooked fresh and there are not many restaurant that make cook your meal on premises. Usually many restaurants ive been eating have already prepared meal which they reheat before serving (not a huge fan).  And yes freshly cooked food taste much delicious than you expect. On top of that they have tweaked the food just a little bit. I like it , they have Cashews in their Biryani and cover the biryani platter with a traditional naan dough ( i like). to be honest ive never written a yelp review , this place made me do it not upon request but i was overwhelmed and couldnt notice any flaws with the place that i have to write the review. Ive been in this neighborhood just over a month and have been eating here atleast twice a week. I believe even the servers knows by heart my order.The reason i have not tried any other entrees , well , when im hungry that means i dont want to experiment with my food and biryani seems to be the safest resort. I wonder if there meal is Halal so i can treat my mom here.Simply amazing food and decor,
The Drunken Munkey,in my opinion is a perfect dining spot. With a gracious ambience and food and service to match, it makes for a complete dining experience with family or friends. With a wide array of cocktails to choose from( we had the dark and stormy and the Old fashioned) the bartender serves you great drinks complementing the food. But the cherry on the cake was their sumptuous food. We tried the pork vindaloo,the biryanis,pani puri and the paneer tikka. All of which took me back home. The crispy okra was the best I have ever had. The chef, Chetan came by to check on us and was extremely courteous. We were extremely well treated. I can barely fault them on any account. If you seek Indian food in NYC, Drunken Munkey is your spot.
Great food and an awesome bartender but the birthday celebration was incredible. Definitely going back
We usually go to another restaurant, but decided to try this one.We are part Indian so we knew what to expect, and they definitely delivered. Everything was delicious and I love the cultural homage they pay to India, England, Jamaica, etc. The decorations were adorable and the atmosphere was laid back, but the restaurant has more of an upscale vibe, when it comes to decor and seating.My only issue was how far the location is from everything else, so our visits will be rare, but it was definitely worth stopping by. If you can, take advantage of the buy 2, get 2 deal for drinks! The dark and stormy was to die for!Also, it's a bit on the pricier side, but worth it. I will say I think the highlight of the night were the drinks.
Great Indian food with a Colonial British decor. The dried orka and Paanch punch are great to start with.
This place was great. From the food, drinks, atmosphere, and customer service. Nice hidden gem on the UES. Go check this place out!!
Made a reservation for my husband's birthday, had a wonderful experience! Great service, delicious food,  and the icing on the cake was that my husband mentioned, jokingly, that it was his birthday, and the waitress brought out a complimentary rum ball cake, complete with a sparkler! The lights were dimmed, and everyone clapped. It was an awesome surprise, and he was completely embarrassed  (in a good way, of course!) So yay, Drunken Munkey! Thanks a bunch!
The short story: Authentic Indian food. Not-so-authentic Indian hospitality. 2.5 stars.The long story: I loved the food. It was great to see stuff like "chilli cheese toast" on the menu. A very simple, spicy comfort food that almost seems too whimsical to have on a restaurant menu because someone at home would usually make it for you. The crispy okra was excellent. The cilantro and onions in the dish really bring out the flavor. We also had the pani puri which is very wisely served in escargot bowls with each puri having its own little space. I have to say, this is a stroke of genius. I always hate having to dip the puri in the water, making a mess of everything. This tasted good but really needed a lot more heat. But that didn't stop us from ordering another round of it.The tiger prawns were delicious - tasted like proper tandoori prawns to me. Only thing missing here, too, was the heat. I get that not everyone likes spicy food, but there needs to be at least a little to really experience the authentic flavor. But the only place where the lack of heat made for a fail was with the lamb kabobs and the paneer tikka. These tasted bland to me. We stuck with small plates for our meal, all of which made for such a great beer food that we didn't get around to trying the cocktails which looked good. As for dessert, the gajar halva was a winner. If you like the flavor of cardamom, you might like the rum ball (I would have liked it without the cardamom but my fellow diners loved it). Now for the service. *Sigh* The first 20 minutes we were in the restaurant, I was thinking "I'm going to be here all the time!" Not so much as the evening wore on.  The wait staff were perfectly polite and sweet but completely clueless. The waitress couldn't describe the dishes I asked her about. And the waiter was like a zombie. Between the manager (owner?) and his staff there seemed to be a lot of confusion. Every time entrees or drinks came out to a table, it required three people - the manager and two wait staff - and the place is very small so if the table they were serving was near you, they were all three standing over your heads.We waited 35 minutes for our dessert. When we told the manager about it, he said that wasn't possible because the ticket said our desserts had been put in only 15 minutes before. Which is entirely possible considering our clueless waiter. But what kind of service is that on the part of the manager? When we insisted that wasn't our doing, he said the kitchen was backed up and asked us to please be patient. We then got the wrong dessert. That was remedied but considering all this, any good management would either comp our desserts or get us a round of drinks while we waited. Throughout the evening, the manager kept propping open the front door despite the fact that it was freezing outside. We requested him to close it several times but he said they needed to do that for "ventilation". Isn't that what vents and air conditioners are for? He didn't seem to care that his patrons were freezing. This severely affected our experience. We were not dressed to sit outside.The manager was also rude to our friends we bumped into a the table next to us. At the end of their evening, we asked them to join our table for drinks (there were two of them) and the manager refused to accommodate us. We even offered to move to their table which was in a small corner so as to not be in the way since it's a small space. The manager simply refused and offered no other solution. And he said someone else was waiting for the table. Well, we stayed on for an hour after that and that table stayed completely empty the rest of the night. Note to the management: If you want to be a great neighborhood joint, you need to care about your neighbors. There were many people there (friends, friends of friends we recognized) that lived within a 10-block radius. Hospitality is encouraging this kind of gathering and being accommodating. And friendly. And making sure that your guests are comfortable. Great Yelp reviews till now doesn't mean you should stop caring about your customers.Note to the chef: You rock!
Very interesting eating experience here! Came in for dinner at around 10:30 at night and it was really crowded. Very nice decor, very warm and cozy atmosphere. It's pretty loud though. It surpasses trendiness and instead the atmosphere just screams sophistication. Service was okay, we waited a while for our food and they seemed understaffed. They have a $29 prix fixe option but only if the whole table orders it! It's a very good deal and it came with a cocktail (mixed drinks were made with cognac and they were pretty strong), an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert. Great deal! The way they brought out the drinks way before the food and because we hadn't eaten for hours meant we both got really drunk before our food came. It was really fun because we were able to enjoy our food without any inhibitions towards its spiciness (normally, I'm pretty cautious about spicy food). Just to clarify, the food wasn't that spicy, but if it was, it didn't matter to my drunken self. I got the chana masala appetizer, and vegetable korma for dinner. It was really good- the portions weren't huge and it wasn't as rich as typical Indian food. It also came with rice and naan. By the time I was done with dinner, I was full but not completely stuffed like I usually am at Indian restaurants. For dessert, we both ordered this carrot thing. It tasted pretty good, it was like mashed carrots with brown sugar and cardamom (served warm). Very unique. I'd come back here because it was a great value and the food was terrific. It's not the type of place to bring a big group of people because it's geared towards smaller groups and the size of the restaurant is small which makes it very intimate.
This is place is awesome! The food, drinks and service were all excellent. The actual place is a little on the small side, but the service is so good, it's hard to be bothered by that. I'd recommend the Singapore Sling drink. It's perfect for summer nights. The food portions are great. I can't wait to go back!
This place is so good! I took a client here for dinner, and the first thing he said, he had never heard of this place even though it was in his neighborhood. He was also a little hesitant to agree to the meeting because the name made it sound like it was going to be a some frat joint with a lot of 20 somethings enjoying happy hour (he was early 40s). He was of course wrong, which he was very happy about.  It is such a cozy intimate setting and the food and drinks are phenomenal.  I was super early, so I decided to sit at the bar with a drink and watch the bartender make drinks.  On this particular Thursday night, it was pretty empty, but that is fine by me.  The bartender recommended the bees knees to me because I normally don't like super sweet drinks.  It was nice and tangy, full of flavor.  Once my client showed up, we were seated in the corner. I raved about the Bees knees, so my client got one as well. For my second round (of course there was a second round of drinks!), I got the aviation. I liked that one even better!  For an appetizer, we started with Tandoori Batayr (Quail).  I almost feel bad for ordering quail and cornish hen because they come out so small and helpless, but absolutely delicious. This dish was no exception. I had to resist the temptation to pick it up and eat it with my hands (my client was using a fork and knife so I couldn't go all cave woman!).  Nice and tender, full of flavor. After a lot of inner conflict and debate, I settled on Classic Punjabi Tandoori Chicken. My companion settled for Malabar Coastal Shrimp Curry. When the food came out, I had to resist temptation again to ask for a bite of his food. I know some people think that sharing food is ok, and I will do it with family and friends, readily, but with business clients, that's just weird to me.  I loved my chicken and I was happy with my choice because I am a sucker for the chutney and sauces that come with Indian dishes.  My dinner date enjoyed his food immensely and started composing a list of people who he would be bringing back to dine with him.  There was only one tomfoolery thing that happened. Apparently, the older couple next to us accidentally ate a green pepper mistaking it for a green bean. He got all mad and huffy, and when the man in the suit came over to apologize, he said, "that isn't good enough! What else are you going to do about it? This was really hot. Bring me milk or whatever you got." First of all: Dude. You are at an Indian restaurant.  Things are spicy. Get over it.  Second, you are dumb for eating the pepper because it was completely separated from the green beans (it was separated on my plate), and it didn't look like a green bean. It had a stem! The green bean stems were removed. No, nobody needs to warn you about spicy food. I need you to open your eyes and pay attention to what's on your plate. And no, I am not going to sympathize with you when you look over at us and say that the waiter should have warned you. Dumb. It's great date place, for a group of friends (there was an group of older people enjoying happy hour when I walked in), and a really good place to have a business dinner.  I wouldn't talk about anything too top secret though. The tables are kinda close together.
Second time eating Indian cuisine and I've got to admit I enjoyed my second experience way better. Could have been my company, but the atmosphere is great.  I had the feel of being downtown, but this little hidden gem is on the UES.  I knew nothing on the menu, but the Irish nail and Singapore sling were just the right drinks to start the night off.  We has the chilli cheese toast for an appetizer I had the rice and lamb dish (can't remember the name, drawing a blank) and the other entre ordered was the buttermilk chicken. All were great, service was fast and I would certainly go again....
So much character, so much fun! I love the food (but not the prices or the rather small portions), but I always have a good time when I'm there. The drinks are pretty awesome too. The place is a bit small and can sometimes feel cramped with every table full but thats NY for you. It's definitely worth going at least once.
This place is such an amazing find - amazing cocktails and delicious Indian food! The place was packed but the ambience makes it worth the wait!! Will be back in a flash and looking for any excuse to come back!
My overall experience at this restaurant was great; however, there were two things that left a bad taste I mouth. At the beginning of our meal we were asked if we wanted flat or sparkling water and we said plain tap water would be fine, but when brought the bill we were charged $3.50 per pitcher. Even though it's a small amount why is this place charging people for water? The second thing that made me upset was when the OWNER of the restaurant came by our table and suggested that we try a cauliflower side, keep in mind he suggested this addition. And to our surprise this "suggestion" was also added to our bill. This place has a great atmosphere and the food is delicious. My suggestion to the owner is it improve the customer service, and don't charge guests for your suggestions. Is it worth losing a customer over a $5 side item?
The vegetarian appetizers and food were below par. Went there to celebrate first day of college with my wife. Pani puri was not crisp and channa and paneer entrees were bit too sour. Full marks to colonial decor and ambience. But one expects a below average food for this price.
The food was great. Great service, pleasant and prompt service. I just wasn't a fan of the drinks. I would definitely eat there again.
Absolutely delish! Everything from the cocktail to the dessert. Such a hidden gem it is! If u find yourself in the area. Grab a seat by the bar, enjoy the lovely ambience and a few cocktails and try the crispy okra.... Kudos to the bartender, every sip of my cocktail was like u layering another note of fruit or flora or bitters. Tuesday night well spent. Will be back for more!!!
After a second dining experience, I wanted to revise my initial review. Perhaps it was because our dinner reservation was a bit earlier or because things are running smoother, but everything was significantly better. The waitstaff was attentive and the food was delicious. The chili cheese bread has a kick to it, but is good. The chicken tikka masala was as good as I've had anywhere else. I'm sure my first experience here was just a fluke. I look forward to coming back!
The food is terrific. Best Indian food in the "upper, upper east". We had the fried okra, the chicken tikka masala and the pork vindaloo. All were tasty and the sauces, while not particularly spicy, were complex and rich and very satisfying. The chicken and pork were not at all dry as sometimes happens. My wife and I got delivery because we didn't feel like going out.  Looking forward to experience the ambiance and cocktails next time.
Still love the Drunken Munkey (slight queasiness about glorifying colonialism and dark monkey waiter statues aside!). Food is great, drinks are great, atmosphere is lively and cozy, and the old Bollywood movies are strangely captivating.Request to the owners: how about some specials? We'd love to try some new things. And could you add a refined version of rice pudding or ice cream to your dessert menu? I'm usually not tempted to order dessert here, and I would be if you had either of those. It would be mind-blowing if you could serve Toscanini's khulfee ice cream and mango sorbet! (Try them and you'll understand.)
What a great addition to my neighborhood.Amazing food! Top shelf cocktails!Great having the owner , Arun, on hand to give the place that personal touch.Every person I've taken there has gone back again.
Amazing food, very tasty and just out of the world Indian food.  I don't like Okra, but their crispy Okra was so tasty and amazing we ordered it twice. Every dish we ordered were lip smacking, finger licking.
Wow! What an awesome experience! I never do reviews but I have to one on this one. The ambience is fun. The staff are great! The drinks are superb and the food is the highlight! The okra appetizer is something truly different and fun to share. The lamb dishes are without compare! Rum ball dessert was the perfect ending! Go! Enough said!!
I was invited to the Drunken Munkey for a private wedding reception. However, it was postponed due to circumstance of his spouse. Fortunately, for me, I was uptown during Christmas holiday shopping and happened to stop there.  The food is awesome.  However, the portion is small. I will definitely come back on another occasion.
A return visit to this gem of a restaurant did not disappoint.  I brought two business associates who are seasoned foodies with me to experience the fabulous and exotic cuisine.  Maiitre de Garrett graciously escorted is to a lovely table in the front window and we were immediately served with an amuse that was bursting with flavor.  The bartender Lupi masterfully crafted a special cocktail at the request of one of my guests and we enjoyed excellent drinks and appetizers of lamb kebabs and several other starters recommended by Garrett.  Chef Chetan and his kitchen worked magic and sent out the dinner entrees which included lamb chops, the lamb shank (we like lamb!), Goan pork vindaloo and a chicken entree that was absolutely superb.   We were visited personally by the Chef and ended our dinner with delicious carrot pudding.    The restaurant was abuzz with great energy and impeccable service.  If you don't try this place you are missing out on a unique culinary experience!!!!
This is a favorite go to neighborhood place, get here as often as you can.  It is run by a husband wife team and the husband runs the menu and kitchen.  Try everything this is a true neighborhood gem.
Decent Indian food. Certainly not authentic, but very tasty. Went here with a few girl friends on a Thursday, 8:45 pm reservation. Had a great time. Just be prepared for the waitstaff to ignore you when a large party arrives.
The problem with a lot of Indian restaurants in NYC in my opinion is while the food can be good, they lack in the liquor department.. I need booze with my dinner, thank you very much! The Drunken Monkey not only serves fantastic Indian food (even having a new Anglo-Indian specialities) but great cocktails.The restaurant is small with a very inviting vibe. While I'm sure they can cater to big groups if you asked them nicely, it is better suited for small get-togethers. Looking around, this place was filled with couples on dates! The staff are friendly and very attentive. The waitress kept checking back on us, asking if everything was okay and if we needed anything. We even got to meet the owners, who were all very friendly and you could tell wanted to make this place stand out. I casually mentioned the need for samosas (which they said is coming on the menu, yay) and mango lassis (an Indian smoothie). When I even suggested they could make their lassi a boozy one, one of them said "now that, we can do!". If they do it, I'll be coming back again and again! I doubt you can go wrong with anything on the menu here. With an Anglo-Indian centric menu, something will tease your taste buds into ecstasy. For starters, do not miss out on the Crispy Okra - perfect finger food. Crunchy with a little touch of spice. For mains, I had a taste of everyone's curry and all was a hit. Each comes with rice, several pieces of naan and lemon daal so you get a filling dish for the price. I went with the Railway Chicken Curry, which was excellent. Phil H went with the owner's recommendation of the Fish Curry and it was delicious.  The cocktails were interesting and complimented the dishes well. I think given that it's an Indian restaurant, they can go a little more experimental with Indian herbs and spices in their cocktails. Nevertheless, I enjoyed my drinks for the night!I'm glad Drunken Munkey takes reservations because I'd hate to miss out on more great meals with friends at this spot! Give this place a shot, you won't regret the walk over!
Best Indian on the UES! The atmosphere is super nice and the staff is friendly. The manager greeted our party and took everyone's coats to hang, then proceeded to explain the menu to those who'd never been to the restaurant. This place is nice for a date or even if you're going out solo. There is a nice bar area where several patrons were dining. The bartender makes AMAZING cocktails (lots of gin and whiskey-based drinks here). Everyone in our party ordered their own entree (it's not a family style restaurant) and we all shared about 3-4 appetizers. The food was delicious! The lamb and chicken dishes were particularly spectacular.
This is an old favorite. Love getting the crispy okra as an appetizer. I got the appetizer chicken tandoori and a side of cauliflower (which adds up to about an entree). Rest of party got the butter chicken tikka masala. I also had a refreshing IPA. Service is good and not too hands on (they'll check up on you, but not too often). They update the decor occasionally, so it never feels worn. The monkeys are a fun time, as well as the bollywood movies they sometimes play.
So you want an amazing, intimate, chill spot to grab a drink and get some solid Indian food? This is the place. The decor is inviting, unique and not kitschy, with the monkeys on the wall-paper are a nice thermatic touch.The decor, the Bollywood movie playing in a discreetly placed TV, and the good tunes being played by the staff combines to this inviting, relaxed, and intimate atmosphere immediately evident when walking through the door. Staff added to this environment - attentive, but not overbearing.The prices are in-line with other restaurants in UES - but with naan and rice included in the entree, I think it's a great value. Food was very good, but not mind-blowing. My girlfriend was with me, she's Indian, and enjoyed her dish. My railway chicken curry was good but not as spicy as I expected it to be. Not knocking off a star for this as I could have asked for extra spice but opted not to.All-in-all a good choice for Indian food by itself or to lounge away the hours knocking back a couple cocktails or beers. I'll be back.
Terrible music. To make it worse, they bump it loud. The type of top-40 nonsense you'd expect to hear at a 'Sweet 16' party in a middle American suburb. They salvaged two stars because the food wasn't bad. The okra was great, the curry solid. Hire a new DJ though. Damn.
The food was amazing. The staff were very attentive and eager to help with decisions. The drink was a little on the weak side but over all the meal was delicious. Definitely will return again.
Great atmosphere got our standard table and they were gracious enough the hold the reservation while some of the party was late to arrive. The paneer Tikas were so tasty not dries out at all. The naan and butter chicken yum! Had the gymkhana swizzle which was super strong along with the bramble which was excellent.
Very cute place. Good service. I just love the fried okra. It's a must. The naan is also one of the best naan I've ever had. chicken biryani was also delicious!! will def. be back
Killer Raj-inspired cocktails & decor, real deal Pani Puri and entrees that didn't make my wife or kid's eyes water and even had me of the iron stomach thinking maybe pulling back on the spices isn't such a bad thing when the ingredients are fresh and the preparation is careful. We will go back.The hard-boiled eggs at the bar are a nice touch too.
This review is really for the cocktails.  I had a few snacks which were very good.I found the cocktails to be excellent. The menu focussed on classics and no-so-famous classics.  I sat at the bar which is fairly small.  The bartender was attentive and the drinks were shaken to perfection.  I will definitely be back, although I live pretty far away.
I went here for a birthday celebration for my aunt and the staff was terrible. I had my infant son with me and it is not a child friendly place. They did not have high chairs and their chairs were so tiny without a supportive back to accommodate my booster seat. Not only was that an issue, but since my son was a little fussy, the man at the front door was very rude about it and you could tell he was annoyed. My bad, sorry you can't accommodate children in your tiny whole in the wall. They made my uncle remove his hat and they took forever to take our order. This is not a fancy place by any means and to make someone remove their hat is crazy. It wasn't a baseball cap either. It was a fancy hat. On top of that, they brought out the birthday cake when everyone including the birthday girl was up from their seat. It's not that hard to pay attention people. They did bring another cake about 20 minutes later because they heard us complain. We didn't give a huge tip as a result of the service and the waitress actually complained. I heard her loud and clear. We will never be back there.
OMG this is just a perfect local little jam. Amazing cocktails, great food! U have to try the fried okra and the lamb chops!!! Best I had in a while!
Always busy so call ahead food out of this world great vide too and the service is fast. The ues has been missing a cool place like this
Revisited at about 9 p.m. on the Friday of Memorial day weekend----restaurant was packed but we were lucky to get space at the bar. Service was impeccable----and the food has not lost a beat. Tried the pork vindaloo for the first time----its the Real Thing. Seekh Kebabs ( as an appetizer) were succulent -----about the best we have had in NYC.We stuck to beer that evening but the bartenders were having a ball mixing up drinks for the other guests. Ambience remains terrific and this has got to be less of a secret with every passing day.
The food is good, over priced for being a locals spot, 19$ for a pint of curry sauce and 8 pieces of chicken is just alittle over priced in my book!! The Crispy okra was a real hit! Loved it, overall was good, over priced locals joint!! Could of gotten the the same amount of good food in DC for 1/3rd less!
Interesting cocktails, great service and welcoming environmentCocktails were interesting and served in vintage looking stemware. Bartender was very efficient.  Loved that they served hard boiled eggs instead of mixed nuts.  Worth the trip.
Best Indian cuisine in New York City hands down. And the cocktails ROCK! Mixology at it's best!
We've ordered from here a few times. For some reason they can never get our order right (it's always missing a main dish and no one picks up the phone for 30 min). When they send back the remaining order, they messed it up again. Wouldn't recommend ordering from here.
Very good Indian food.  Relaxed and top quality.  Ordered ala carte not the prix fix menu.The buttered chicken  & shrimp dishes were excellent!  The fried okra was worth the trip as a shared appetizer.  A bit slow but everything is prepared to order.The Matre D is Garath, and is most helpful in guiding you through the menu.Ambiance is cosey and like a quiet corner of Raj India.  Dark and inviting.  An extensive selection of exotic cocktails.Highly Reccomended!Tom T
Had no idea that this was actually an Indian restaurant and came here with a date solely for drinks.  Loved the atmosphere -- sort of tucked away on a side street, beautiful wood decor, big bar.  The bartenders were knowledgeable and professional, and have a pretty heavy pour.  With an interesting drink selection (you won't find a Miller Lite at this place), I think something like this was needed in the area, as it's pretty saturated with fratty sports bars.  I plan on coming back for food!
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. It's a pretty small place but I got there around 4 and it was empty. The waitress was really nice and the atmosphere was great. The decor was really well thought out. At first the plates looked really small especially for the price. However I left feeling full. I got the chicken tikka masala. A few pieces of the chicken were kind of rubbery but generally the flavor was great. It came with naan, rice and sauces. The naan wasn't the best I've tasted but the portion size was good and it went great with the food. I ordered the rum ball for dessert. It was pretty tasty. I loved that it was warm. I could have done without the coconut on it. Although I was happy with this place I feel like there has been other Indian food I've had that was just as good and cheaper.
This place is as good as it gets. Amazing Indian cuisine (fried Okra!! and lamb chops are amazing). Staff is very very friendly, even met the Owner, a charming engaging man. Great intimate decor, good background music, and delicious drinks! Also, I tried counting all the Monkeys.. until I realized the wall paper was also filled with monkeys! I cant say enough great things about this place, I am so happy to have found it!!  I have been twice now & will be a loyal patron! Ain't no monkey business here :)
Ordered seamless from here last night. Got the crispy okra (LIFE CHANGING, and stayed crispy even though it traveled), and two dinner special combos - the meatballs (meat was fantastic but sauce was ok), and the chicken tikka masala (sauce was great but the chicken was ok). The highlight of the combo meal is that it comes with naan, ghee rice, daal, raita (yogurt) and Chana masala, easily making it a meal for two! I had leftover for lunch! This is how indian food was meant to be had. A lot of different items, roti, and rice. I was extremely happy and will keep ordering from here again.
Five stars for the bartender who is one of the kindest people I've ever met. Bin is a recent transplant from Kosovo. In addition to being an insane mixologist he's a hell of a nice guy. Long story short: I pop in order a Singapore Sling and a crispy okra app (both delicious). Upon reaching into my purse to pay I realize I forgot my wallet. No worries, he says, come back later. I returned an hour later, had a delicious champagne cocktail and thanked him for his kindness. I told him to please not lose his sense of kindness and he promised not to.
Had the single worst dining experience I've ever had the other night.  When ordering our food, my girlfriend asked about red meat or fish options that were mild and ordered one of said choices.  It turned out to be moderately spicy and she brought it to the attention of our waitress.  The waitress breaks major NYC attitude, yells at my girlfriend "This is an Indian restaurant, It's supposed to be spicy, what were you expecting"?While the ambiance was nice and my cocktail was decent, the food was pretty standard with small portions that are heavy on the oil and a side of burnt naan.    With so many options in the area with great cocktails (The Auction House, Jbird) and solid Indian food (OM), you can't have your waitstaff behaving in this manner and expect to stay in business!
Great addition to the neighborhood. Went last Wednesday night for some cocktails and food at the bar. Seating at the bar area was full but the restaurant itself was mostly empty. I'm sure that will change soon enough though. Bartender was friendly and service was great. He made a mean gin martini with a twist! However for the price being paid I thought the portion was a little small compared to other cocktail bars I've been to. Food is delicious but again, the portions are too small. My pork vindaloo was excellent but had 4-5 small bits of meat.. Same with my husband's butter chicken. You will probably need an appetizer not to feel hungry after the meal. I'll definitely be back for a cocktail or two. A rare gem this far uptown!
Fantastic spot! My husband is Indian and we eat LOT of Indian food at home, so it's pretty rare for us to venture out to a restaurant (it's tough to compete with my mother in law's cooking!) Trying out the Drunken Munkey was 100% the right decision! With a creative and extensive cocktail menu there's something for everyone to enjoy. In terms of food, definitely try the pani puri (street food in Delhi, deliciously flavored and spiced here), and the butter chicken (worth every delicious calorie). The chocolate rum-ball desert was hands down one of the best warm chocolate desserts I've had. The decor is warm and comfortable, and the service was great - prompt, friendly without being intrusive, and spot-on with great recommendations. We'll definitely be making this a regular go-to spot!
Not your run of the mill Indian joints! First off, the bar features a wide selection of cocktails that are really good. Had the pimms no 1 cup and the royal enfield sidecar (recommended) along with a few appetizers - the pani puri, chilli cheese toast (recommend if you can stand a little heat) and the chicken malai tikka. They were very good - guess another visit is needed to try their entrees. Overall, great drinks and food with good service!
Great food,  although far from traditional Indian food. Good atmosphere & amazing service. Lamb chops was amazing.
Very nice trendy hot restaurant in Upper East.Drinks rather expensive after happy hour. Wines around 50 usd and minimum 40. The food was very good. The appetizers even very original and tasting good.
Yummy cocktails and crispy baby okra is a must try!
Had a great lunch at Drunken Munkey. Excellent food, great ambience and great service. We ordered Lamb Biryani, Cheese toast, saag paneer, sheekh kababs, and Kathi rolls. All were consistently good. Overall great experience. Great for kids too during lunch. We'll be back very soon.
The food is very solid- drinks are also very much solid.  I am impressed that they give a different spin on the traditional indian restaurant. It is more of the indian/British influenced street food- but it is very tasty.  This place use to be a secret but no more.  I believe that this restaurant is a solid go to place on the upper east side if you want some indian.Rob Druc
The atmosphere is beautifully crafted and the food is delicious. The mutton seekh kababs are great and the bagara baigan was also very good. All in all, extremely good Indian food and a relaxing atmosphere.
I will start by saying that the service here is amazing. I ordered the butter chicken and was brought the butter paneer. The paneer ended up being amazing so I didn't send it back. Anyway, the waiter ended up over hearing that I ordered the chicken, and he ended up giving us 20% off (even though I insisted that I was not disappointed with the paneer!). The food was great and so was the service! I will definitely be back!
Drunken Monkey is a fantastic addition to the Upper East Side. Cocktail bar with delicious Indian food what's not to like. Being a big vodka lover is tough these days as every cocktail menu is filled with gin and whiskey but the waitress made some helpful recos. The food comes with Naan and is filling and on point. I would make a reservation as it gets crowded and is small.
Great drinks and delicious food. Fun place to celebrate a birthday. Open late.
Very good food, nice atmosphere. The best late night in the UES!
We went there for mother's day and the place could not have been better - the service was top notch and the food delicious  and the room was alive.I'm looking forward to my next visit.
I just cannot believe what is happening of lateBut the Upper East Side is becoming KINDA greatSo my husband and I, we decided to get funkyAnd we're married so I mean that we went to the DRUNKEN MUNKEYThis place is such a gem that I shouldn't be tellin'But it was so incredible I can't help but kvellin'First of all, it's beautiful--I walked in all like, "DUDE!"And OMG I haven't even told you 'bout the FOODThe lamb chops were amazing and the okra--nice and crispyThe cocktails were so good that thinkin' 'bout them gets me tis..pyThe glassware was so gorgeous so I kinda had a hunchThey make a mean old fashioned and THE MOST DELICIOUS PUNCHOur server was so nice--I'd be friends with her, I'd call herThe service all around, from start to finish, TOTES WAS BALLERPanipuri was perfection and the curry was like, VICIOUSThe BUTTER CHICKEN SAUCE...you guys...OMG DELICIOUSThank you, Drunken Monkey, yes, to you I'll tip my hatUpper East Side, y'all...it's where the party's at
Kudos to the chef at Drunken Monkey great brunch. I have the chili cheese omelette and it was really good. The side of fried okra was delicious (and I don't usually like oka).The decor makes it feel homie. I can't wait to go for dinner.
We went here last night after seeing a packed house on Saturday night. We got the pork shoulder vindalu and the butter chicken tikka masala. Both were really good, but we agreed the pork was better. It's nice that each dish comes with rice, a piece of naan, and a side, but I would prefer no side and a little more meat. We each got 5-6 small pieces of meat in the dish, and for $16 I would prefer no side and a bit extra meat. The service was attentive and prompt--it's a small place so that helps. I will probably be back just because it is directly across the street from my apartment, but probably more for a cocktail rather than dinner.
Awesome ! Fun ! Parisian Bistro feeling ! Great vibe and located in My hood ! Only downfall was it was Fourth of July and My table was given a lava cake with a sparkler which We were charged for . Who cares ! The service and food made up for it ! Just don't tell anyone because I'm sure this great " Secret " will overrun with tourists ! Awesome !!
Great spot and a sparsely supplied area. Cocktails are all well made and excellent. The Indian food is excellent and the naan bread was the best I've ever had. Well done you drunken monkey !! Extra points for name
It was a crowded Monday evening, and this place was still accommodating of my party of 4 without reservation, and nicely let me sit at the table and wait for my party to arrive. I was thankful for that! The food was also great!
Street food with cool drinks makes 4 awesome combo.  . Oh yea Try the drinks specifically all of them.
I love Indian food and I have yet to find a place that combines delicious food with great décor and atmosphere, then I discovered this place.  Came here for a girl's night out dinner and cocktails.  We started with cocktails, I had Singapore Sling which was fantastic! The food was absolutely amazing - Crispy Okra, Tiger Prawns and Butter Chicken Masala are a must! All of our entries came with rice and Naan, which is a bonus. This was probably the best Indian food I've ever had.   The place is very intimate and has character, if I lived in the neighborhood I would definitely be a regular!
2 thumbs up for this place that hits all the right notes. The food is nothing short of spectacular. Unique, tasty and finger lickin' good. The tandoori chicken is perfectly spiced and perfectly grilled. The pork vindaloo is fabulous, the Sindhi fish is amazing too. And the desserts deserve mention too. Not cloyingly sweet but just right. The staff are refined and helpful.
Great little place! So warm and inviting, fantastic cocktails and appetizers. Had the pani puris and chilli cheese toast with cocktails. The ambience is really cute too :-)
The right environment, excellent food but don't go hungry. Good place for expensive snacking and drinks when you don't feel like going downtown. The main course is small which is ok but don't charge me Midtown price on 92st between First and Second especially when you hand me the bill implying that I should leave 45 minutes after I sit down. It's not $$ but it is $$$.
Hands down one of the best ambiance in the upper east side, yet what an utter disappointment. The decor of this place and service was great. The british-indian theme was perfectly executed without being over the top themey. But the food was just awful. You can have better indian food from trader joes frozen meals. My chicken tikka masala was so hard and rubbery, the sauce was decent but you couldn't alter the spice level. Everyone was underwhelmed with their food. They have a lofty cocktail list which sounds great but really were just average and overpriced. The decor is so nice I might go back there just for a drink but won't be having food there unless they change the chef. They need to just take one the chefs from curry row and him bring up here.... then they could really make a killing.
Drunken munkey is a must go Indian restaurant in new york. Their food is unique and very well made. This is one restaurant I take all my friends and family who visit. The cocktails are very well crafted and goes well with the food. I usually start with an order of pani puri and chili cheese toast. The entrees are yum and my personal favorites are the malabar shrimp curry and sindhi fish curry. The nan is the best I have ever had in new york. Gajar halwa and/ or vermicelli as desserts is the perfect closure for your taste buds. I am a regular at this place and they are very consistent with the food they serve. Being an Indian myself, this is the only place run by an Indian owner and Indian chef who care for their Indian customers unlike any other indian restaurant in the city. The staff,and chef Chetan Patil are very nice and courteous. I have always had a very nice experience and I highly recommend this as a to go place.
Fantatic!!!! Nuff said!!!! The food here is by far the best! The staff is professional and the drinks are very delicious!
Wonderful place to hang out , food is nice .price range acceptable . Waiters are Awsome .
Really really good. The cocktails and wine list are top notch. The food, much to my surprise, was equally impressive. I guess I was told it was more of a theme cocktail bar so my food expectation was nothing much. I wasn't expecting to be as impressed as I was. It's is worth checking out.
For the reviews I read, I didn't find it a great place. Its Very Small N cramped. Nex to our table, ther were a bunch of ladies who were way too loud. It annoyed me and my bf a lot. We didn't find the ambience tht grt. We wanted to get done n leave soon. Its a very pricey restaurant. The cocktails nt sure why, is way expensive too. The Indian cuisine they offer is decent nthng exceptional. They have a very few items on their menu. Needless to say, I wnt b Visiting agn.
Amazing!!! We were visiting NYC and stumbled upon this place and fell in love with it! Love the vibe, love the food, love the service! Highly recommend it!!
This place has fallen off big time. I have been several times  in the past and generally had a good experience. Decided to go for brunch today since we haven't been in a while. At 1:00 PM on a Saturday the place was practically empty. Only two other patrons in the entire restaurant during brunch in NYC is not a good look. The restaurant was freezing cold...beyond freezing cold. The waitress asked my wife and I to take off our snow caps while in the dining room. We complied though it seemed a bit odd for a casual restaurant. Shortly thereafter the same waitress, only one on duty, had a public argument with the bartender. Argument was 100% initiated by the bartender. Beyond inappropriate. Can't wear a J.Crew cashmere snow cap but the staff can have a blowout during your brunch. Food was fine though the menu is missing some of my favorite items from the past. I will not go here ever again.
I loved the atmosphere of this place! I had the butter chicken... Too die for! The portions are great for one person but I enjoyed getting a little bit of everything. I will be coming back for more and trying out some drinks! This place is a little hidden gem!
Very nice place. Excellent value for the money. Food is a bit too spicy for my taste, but hey - that's Indian restaurant!! Recommend reservations because it gets pretty crowded after 6 pm. Very nice drink menu. Portions are large. A bit small place for parties larger then 4. Will come back!
Amazing paani puri and butter panner. And the ambiance is great! Really cute little niche of a restaurant!
Excellent food and service. Chetan Patil has done an outstanding job with the place and menu selections. Pani puri is a must have. The mutton burgers are also excellent.
This was an eclectic but delicious Indian meal - had the chicken tikka masala but tried my friends lamb dish and that was divine. The cocktails were also great - enjoyed a unique dark and stormy. Would love to come back here.
The drinks were fantastic and creative and the food was delicious. Entrees came with rice and bread and were perfectly sized. I'll be back.
The Drunken Munkey is an absolute delight. I was on a very unstructured visit to the city yesterday and late at night (9:30pm), famished from almost ten hours on our feet exploring the city and absolutely famished, my friend recommended that if I really wanted an amazing Indian cuisine experience we were going to have to go to the Drunken Munkey. We were at Dupont Circle on the West Side at the time and it was going to be a bit of a haul. She is a regular at the restaurant though and assured me I would not be disappointed. Well, I can only describe my experience as sublime!We arrived and although we thought we had a favored table reserved for us, the timing had worked out that another couple had grabbed the table as we were in transit. We had a short wait for another prime table so we took our drinks to a very comfortable bench and table on the sidewalk. It was a very short wait and the staff was gracious enough to once we were seated to open the windows/doors in front of our table so we could take advantage of the mild night. We enjoyed two huge tiger prawns for a starter with a couple of delicious dipping sauces. She ordered the Bombay Lamb Chops and I ordered the Goan Pork Vindalu. I initially requested chicken be substituted for the pork and was gently reminded of their no substitution policy. Desiring to enjoy as intense a taste experience possible with the Vindalu, I went with the pork. All the while, there was very cool music playing in the background, the staff was doing a great job of making our experience a special one and the aromatic fragrances of the cuisine was beginning to make me drool. I never take this much time to write review so I'm going to conclude quickly here. The meals were some of the best I have ever experienced in over 40 years of traveling and enjoying Indian cuisine all over the world. Both of us were over the top with the taste and generous portions of our food (she had leftovers), the professionalism and attentiveness of the staff and the ambiance of the dinning room. I could not have hoped for a better experience but then the Drunken Munkey delivered one more surprise. Looking to continue our experience of exploring new dishes and tastes, we ordered something for dessert that I had never tried before, the Gajar Halwa. There is no way for me to describe this flavorful little delight with a delicate and complex set of flavors that almost melted in my mouth other than to say that it was delicious. As I consider a possible relocation to New York City, I am pleased to know that I have found a new favorite in the Drunken Munkey that I can enjoy going forward. Thank you all for a wonderful evening.
My wife and I corrected a long oversight in having a lovely dinner at Drunken Munkey last night!  The place was buzzing and full (always a good sign!).  Arun told us it would be a few minutes for a table, and offered us a stool at the bar where we had drinks while we waited.  The drinks were fantastic!  I had the Indian spiced old fashioned, a classic old fashioned with indian spice infused simple syrup.  A subtle, but really nice touch that perfectly fit the theme of this British Colonial Indian spot!  My wife had the punch, which was not too sweet, an had a really clean fruit finish.  While we waited, one of my favorite underrated aspects of dining is the music choices.  An amazing mix of Talking Heads, Billy Joel, Jamiroquai, the Beatles, and a few Bollywood favorites played throughout the night.  Other reviews have said the music was too loud, but either the owners turned it down, or the reviews are unfounded, because the volume was perfect if not a little soft.We hadn't finished our drinks yet, when Arun showed us to our table.  We started with the fried okra and panipuri.  Both were terrific, with the latter as a particularly nice starter.  The panipuri shell was crisp and the puri water was floral and refreshing.  For our entrees we split the lamb chops and the shrimp curry.  The chops were perfectly cooked, with a really nice char.  The meat was not gamey nor fatty, and the potatoes and green beans on the side were also very flavorful.  The shrimp curry was my favorite.  The rice is clearly something that is not a throwaway here--it is cooked with care and the finished product is a rich jasmine rice where every grain is perfect.  That said, the highlight was the curry.  It is a rich deep curry flavor, not too spicy (although  we love spice!), and after finishing the shrimp, we sopped up every remaining drop with the soft, charred naan.  Each entree came with a very spicy chili pepper, which we chopped up and put in the curry which gave it some serious bite!For dessert we had the rum ball, a gooey rich rum and chocolate cake ball.  All in all, we loved it here and will no doubt be returning soon!
Truly a hidden gem! I can't believe I just found this place after 2 years. The staff was amazing and the decor and vibes were great. It was pretty crowded, but not super noisy. The food was delish. Highly recommended!
Based on reviews, was expecting much more.. Ordered an appetizer which was basically cold soup in a puff pastry.. Was served in an escargot plate.. Did not like it and when we the waitress asked us if we liked it and we said no, she didn't really have a reply. The chicken tikka masala was way too sweet. My friend and I ended up having a 2nd dinner at another restaurant after we ate here!!
Very impressed with the drinks and food. Cocktail bars are a dime a dozen but this place truly stands out as they have unique selections and fantastic savory appetizers and food. Love this place. However, I must agree with the awful music turned up like a terrible midtown happy hour slosh fest. It was difficult to hear the others at my table in an already packed restaurant where space is not on their side. Please turn it down!
I liked their Butter Chicken Tikka Masala the last time I ordered, but it was awful this time around.  It was dried out and did not even taste like the classic dish.  It was very hot with no flavor.
Delicious Indian food!  There are a good amount of veggie options for those who only eat vegetarian.  The vibe is great, there is good music and the cocktails taste yummy!  And, for birthdays, they bring out a cake with a cool candle and blast the music which is really fun!  Highly recommend this trendy place!
We have eaten here a couple of times.  The chicken and lamb dishes are great.  I am also a big fan of the naan.
Amazing Indian food and great cocktails!! Very nice interior and great service, what else can you wish for :) follow recommendations, they were spot on!
This is my new favorite spot in New York. I tried the Malabar Coastal Shrimp which was excellent and the basmati rice was perfectly cooked. The yoghurt sauce on the side is outstanding I could eat that every day. I had crispy okra for appetizer accompanying with Amber beer I think is the best combination. The concept is unique, great atmosphere!
I'm always a big fan of spicy food so when I asked for something hot and yummy I was recommended the pork vindaloo. I think I'm in love! It was the perfect amount of spiciness. It gave me a good kick, yet did not make me chug water. I usually never finish an entree platter by myself, but I ended up wiping the plate clean, literally with the pita bread. Love the sauce! I also had the okra chips for my appetizer. I never thought okra could taste so good. I'm used to thinking of it as this slimy veggie but the okra chips were super crispy and yummy! Definitely a must get if you visit. Also the waitress was attentive and friendly which is always a big plus, will visit again the next time I'm craving Indian!
Cute UES Indian restaurant.  Nice cocktail selection.   The bees' knees cocktail was tasty and refreshing.   Everyone in our party loved their food. The butter chicken was excellent, and so was the fried okra.   I'd definitely dine here again.
I love this place so much and make sure to take all my friends there if they're in the neighborhood.  The food, atmosphere, drinks and staff are fantastic!  If I ever leave the neighborhood I will miss this place the most.
Just FYI, the happy hour is also Monday through Friday, so felt a little cheated when I showed up on Saturday only to find it was changed. Also, the service here is terrible. Put my name down, was given no time on wait. Sat at the bar, no one served me for ten minutes.
Not worth the price. Dishes were $16 two months ago and now are $19. As for the restaurant itself, the music is always way too loud and the servers are clueless. Have no idea whats in the dishes nor how they are prepared. Went there twice and never again. Ordered take out a few times and the portions have gotten drastically smaller. My last take out call I was told to use seamless and hung up on. Called back and asked for the manager and was told he was the manager and to use seamless and was hung up on again. Manager/owner is extremely obnoxious and arrogant to say the least. I refuse to give them my business! #drunkenmonkey #stayaway #nyc #ues
I am confused by this place. My fiance and I walked in and we were the ONLY Indian people in the restaurant. We got this weird vibe that the hostess and servers were surprised/borderline unhappy we were there. After waiting double the time that they promised us for a table - and after confirming several times that yes we wanted a table, no we don't want to eat at the bar - we were finally seated in this small restaurant where where over half the tables were reserved..? In this sea of an older caucasian crowd they were playing the oldest Indian movie imaginable on a high-def flat screen on the wall. It seemed almost wrong to display a classic film this way right next to the bar with average $15 cocktails. The token Indian chefs were working behind this open kitchen on display, also in a weird way. The best was all the good looking young non-South Asian waitresses were wearing huge bindis on their forehead. It was a very surreal experience I can't quite explain it. Well, we were pleasantly surprised by the food. Quite authentic and dishes you don't typically see but wish we did at other restaurants because they reminded me of things we get for appetizers in India...chilli cheese bread?? And it was cool that the naan, bread, and entree dish are all served on the same plate so you're not forced to do family style. The drinks were also really creative and good. Overall, I would love to come back for the food but will have to do takeout to avoid the awkwardness of the vibes inside. In the meantime I'll stick to going to dinner with my beau at the many other, truly authentic, Indian places in this neighborhood.
Great service, food, and cocktails every time. It's hard to find a place that is so consistently good.
Immediately welcoming, decor is so eclectic and interesting.  Craft cocktails unique, delicious and well made by extremely professional bar staff.  Best Indian food I have ever had!  Could not recommend this place enough. Funky and fantastic!  Patricia J.
Came here to watch the India-Pakistan Cricket World Cup final. It was one of the few places showing it so we were really happy about that, and happy to find that they were still serving food when we showed up at 12:00ish. However, an hour later, when the only people in the place were there to watch cricket, they insisted on blaring Saturday night party music instead of just switching the sound on the TV, which is what we were all there for anyway. It's on E 92nd street. Not exactly a Saturday night destination. Plus, though I get where they're going with the craft cocktails, charging $12 for a Stoli soda is taking it a little far. The food was good, though, and the waitress was lovely. She seemed to be working way harder than anyone else in the place.
Really good experience at the Drunken Monkey.  Had the tiger prawns appetizer, which was good.  The chicken tikka masala was excellent, good balance of flavor and a nice presentation.  Nan was perfect.  Service was good and the atmosphere was very pleasant as well.  All in all good to very good.  Not sure what would have made it better, but three stars feels like the right level.
What a great little spot in UES.  My friend I were shopping nearby and I absolutely wanted to try this place and I'm so glad we did.  The decor and ambiance is great and it really transports you to colonial India. The drinks were nice, we didn't have lunch so we were there early for dinner and made it in time for happy hour.  I wasn't blown away by the drinks but they have a great happy hour special! The food was fantastic-we ordered a few appetizers (jumbo prawns and paneer tikka) cauliflower appetizer and shared a butter chicken entree. We had the rum ball dessert which was amazing.  It was a great dinner and unique experience. I would definitely recommend it.
As an Indian, I can say this is the best Indian food I've had in the states and I travel a lot for work too. try their fried okra. Really good! Highly recommend it anyone looking for an Indian place to eat. The ambience ka great as well!
Service outstanding but a bit too serious. Excellent food and drinks! The only negative is the menu is hard to read because it's so dark, you need a flashlight, the candle doesn't do the trick.
This place is well decorated, funny drunk monkey statues all over. Their food is superb and can be on the spicy side. I brought my parents here who eat really spicy indian food everyday, and they still loved it. Their staff is always nice... And the best part is their drinks are pretty good! There's probably cheaper choices in upper east that taste just as good if you want delivery but drunken monkey is a cute place to go dine out.
I'm picky with Indian food but this was authentic and DELICIOUS. Loved the butter tikka masala chicken, saag paneer, crispy okra, paneer tikka! And super desserts. Awese fun atmosphere and decor too.
I was very impressed by this place! The first thing that caught our attention was the charming decoration and the super charismatic monkey in a suit statue in front of the restaurant. It was late on a Wednesday night as we walked by the restaurant and it was packed. We decided to stay ang actually got a table pretty fast. Right when we stepped in I was already impressed by the impecable service. We had the prix-fix dinner menu, which was a great deal. For $29 we could choose one of two cocktails, a glass of wine or beer, plus a main, a side and a desert. I have honestly never been a fan of Indian food, but I loved the food. The dishes were not as heavy as Indian dishes usually are, and the crispy Okra was incredible!The cocktails are good (strongly recommend their punch) and the music selction was perfect (from pink floyd, to the beatles, simply red etc.), a bit too loud for my taste, I must say. The environment was great and the staff is extremely friendly!It was a great experience and I will definitely come back
Everything is good. They make a great cocktail. Best Pani Puri I have had in Manhattan
I am so happy to have this place in my neighborhood, where there are so few exceptional restaurants. It is tiny, the decor is fun, the staff lovely and the drinks are wonderful. The Bloody Mary is my favorite, topped off with the friend okra, also an appetizer. I have taken a few out-of-town guests here and they all loved it. Not the place to go if you are expecting standard Indian food.
Food is beyond expectation and the drink is perfect. Plus it has the right on the moment music! Love it!
The butter chicken tikka masala was a full body experience. If it were a woman, I would surely trade a dozen or more of my livestock for permission to wed.
OMG! What a hit! May have been the best Chicken Tiki Masala I've ever had. Small and cozy, the bartender was delightfully sweet. At the bar where I sat, you can see into the kitchen- I love that! The chef named Daniel ( who was close enough to talk to) sent over an appetizer of Panna Puri and fried Okra..now the fried Okra was amazing! I dont really care for Okra however with the Indian spices and the gently fried texture, it was otherwordly! The Puri was..mindblowing..with mint water and chick peas..it was a refreshing wake up to a dry mouth breathing cold air all day! That got my buds ready for the Tikki Masala. .and it was creamy and fragrant- the chicken was perfectly tender..not too spicy but so much FLAVOR!  The rice with the cashew on top was a fancy little touch along with the chili pepper and pickled red onion. Naan abound on your plate-hot, toasted and buttered. You want Indian..go here!
My husband and I just got back from this place and although we live around the block we will never be going again - I'm not sure how they got so many great reviews...?  I actually made this Yelp account just to review this place so that I could warn people. This isn't Indian food. It's some kind of Indian fusion... so if you're looking for authentic Indian DON'T GO. The vegetarian appetizer was DISGUSTING - basically ice cold green salsa in a soggy crust...the cocktails were great! But worth $14 each? No... I also bit into a RAW piece of "naan" (basically a savory pancake). The food literally made us sick. Some was ok - but not worth a $90 meal. Won't be returning.
One of the coolest places I've stumbled upon in NYC. I kept walking past it on the way to a friend's apartment on the UES. Decided to try it out mostly because of the fun name, and because I love Indian food. Really creative drinks menu, not to mention general vibe and dress of the waiters/staff. We were all blown away by its ambiance, really fun. Food was great too. I had the crispy okra, tikka masala and I ordered a sidecar. The sidecar wasn't my favorite but it was my first time trying it out. Next time I will try out one of their indian beers or cocktails.
Cool laid back spot. I would have loved it the server explained the menu in detail. The host was a bit creepy. Tall guy in a suit more fitting of a snobby midtown restaurant. Just didn't seem to match the aesthetics of the restaurant. Food was good, however the portions were a bit on the smaller side. Very cute place for a date night/conversation.
Craft cocktails and authentic indian cuisine! loved every bite and savored every sip!
Absolutely, hands down, my favorite Sunday afternoon hangover remedy! The restaurant is Anglo-Indian, which means the food is customized for the American taste so not really my go-to if i want really good authentic Chicken Tikka Masala, but who wants that on a Sunday afternoon right!? Brunch, brunch, brunch... the place is incredibly unique in its drink menus, its Bombay street food served in an American style. You have to try the cheese toast, it is absolutely mouth watering and I eagerly wait its arrival at the table so that I can indulge in this cheesy goodness with an explosion of guilty flavors. Its lightly seasoned with chat masala, pieces of onions that aren't overbearing, and cilantro. It's subtle, but you still find yourself moaning with every bite. Another great dish is the pau baji sliders. What a brilliant idea I must say... this Indian veggie version of a sloppy joe is mouth watering and really hits the spot if you are looking for that hangover cure right after devouring the cheesy toast. The biryani surprisingly is decent for the price and I have to give much appreciation for the presentation in how it is served. It almost feels like the dish never gets cold, tons of brownie points for this. Additionally, the drunken punch isn't your average brunch mimosa.. its a taste of heaven, and all I want is more and more and more while munching on the delicious crispy okra. The staff is incredibly sweet and on top of their game..so I have to recommend the spot for anyone that is looking for something different and satisfying on a Sunday afternoon.
Indian restaurant without any real Indians in this city. Interesting. Only Indian restaurant I've been to where I didn't have to order naan and rice separately which sort of felt good. I just ordered my entree and it all came out on one plate.  I got the Paneer Tika which was surprisingly good. Customer service could of used a bit more servicing. Also sort of a small place so make a reservation if you plan on making it a night out.
I went here with a few coworkers one night after work after hearing them obsess over the food. And I was not let down at all. The Saag Paneer ruined all other Saag Paneers for me. The fried okra was a perfect side dish that seemed to run out too soon. We ordered some gin punch recommended by the staff and drank maybe a little too much of it. The service was excellent, I loved the decor (plenty of monkeys hanging around the restaurant). I'm definitely coming back with some friends!
What an amazing find! The restaurant is small but filled with very particular decor and ambience. Candles on each table, mirrors on the wall, lots of mood lighting, a silent black and white film playing on the tv by the bar, and the amazing scent of curry. The drinks are professionally crafted and needless to say, delicious. Menu items are mouthwatering and beautifully displayed. Our waitress was very knowledgeable of the good items and attentive. Can't wait to go back soon!!!
Consistently great food in a very chic atmosphere.  Place is great with friends or entertaining clients.  Have tried almost everything on the menu. Make a reservation, limited seating.
I've lived around the area for a while but I'm not a big fan of Indian cuisine so I hadn't been here for the longest time. One day I decided to go for dinner with my roommate and I was extremely surprised! I loved both the food and the cocktails. I tried the fish curry and my roommate had the shrimp curry. Both were delicious. The place is really busy so you might have to wait for a bit (you can go around the block and grab a drink, there are a few good bars in the area) but I think it's worth it. The service was also really good and everyone that works there is very professional. Finally found an Indian spot I like!
Had a really lovely time at this Indian restaurant.  The food was delicious, we had the saag paneer, the butter chicken, and the chana masala - all classics and all were really delicious.  The atmosphere is cozy and fun, with quirky decorations.  We waited a while for our table but there were happy to text us when it was ready while we grabbed a drink at a nearby pub.  It is very small, so if you're claustrophobic at all I wouldn't recommend it.  The dishes were also fairly small, but we felt very satisfied with the taste and quality of the food.  Also, the cocktails were delicious!
The food and service here is great! Decor and ambiance are excellent. A bit on the small side. I don't agree with the two $$ - it's a bit on the pricey side and there are no value specials (no lunch prices and happy hour deal is just okay). Definitely recommend the okra app and cocktails!
This is my FAVORITE Indian restaurant in the city - the mixologist makes amazing drinks and the staff is extremely attentive...but the food blows us away every time.  They are VERY kid friendly and our daughter devours the fried okra appetizer.  My husband (who is from Bombay) raves about the pork vindalu and says this is the only place in the states that he has found that gets it right!
One of the very few Indian places that I will not hesitate to give 4 stars....good decor, nice food, great service. Good wine collection. Even offered wine testing. Good crowd, not noisy at all.....perfect place for  a wonderful time out. Highly recommend it.
This is what happens when hospitality pros get a chance to do what they love and have some fun along the way. The Munkey has a fantastic Anglo-Indian bistro menu crafted by two chefs with beautifully complementary talents, a curated cocktail list from a bygone era but with a great modern twist, and an ambiance best described as comfortably classy with a playful wink. Start with cocktails and apps at the bar (the signature punch, aviator, sidecar, old fashioned are highlights), try the whole menu (pork vindaloo, crispy okra, breaded prawns, butter chicken tikka masala - YUM!!!), and repeat often. May just be the best Indian in the city and a great addition to the bleak Yorkville neighborhood. Highly recommend for happy hour and brunch, too.
I always have such a wonderful time here. The staff is amazing and very welcoming, the food is SO wonderful, and the cocktails are on another level of delicious. I highly recommend this place for an intimate date or just hanging out for a drink. It has become our "place"!
So imagine my surprise to find this GEM right around the corner from my hotel.  The service ROCKS.  The food ROCKS.  Everything from the happy hour cocktails ( you must simply try the paanch, that would be punch in the south) to the happy hour apps is fantastic.   My fab cocktail though....The Bees Knees.  Only us old timers will relate.  A must try but get there early or make reservations.  The local hipsters all know a fantastic find when they see it.  Even the music gets your attention.
I took my gf here for her birthday for dinner last friday. It was perfect! The staff was sooooo nice and friendly. The decor and vibe of the place was very nice also. Some nice Indian music playing in the background, which gave the nice feel but not to loud to hold a nice conversation. Now the food, honestly the best Indian food i've had in a while. Get the Curry Shrimp!
One of the best Indian Restaurants in the city. The cocktail and food menu are equally inviting.For a more detailed review, please click the link below:halsteadproperty.tumblr.…
The food is upscale and very good.  The night we were there the noise level, including the music that kept getting louder and louder was so thunderously loud that I felt like my hearing was damaged.  Maybe all the 20-somethings there don't care, but i like to actually talk to my companions.  Also, the wine list is not only very small, but ignorant of what pairs well with Indian food.  Not a single Reisling or Gewürztraminer on the list.  Bizarre.   The food is better than 3 stars, but the noise level was so unpleasant and somehow at odds aesthetically with "upscale Indian" that I'm down-rating it.  I will never go back there unless management decides it wants customers over 30.
Very cool decor and hip people but unpretentious and cozy. We had drinks and appetizers of tandoori Chicken  and fried okra and tandoori prawns and the bartender was the perfect NYC bartender. Definitely a cool place to visit.
When it comes to Indian Cuisine and Craft Cocktails, the Drunken Munkey is the bees knees! Tucked away on a quiet side street in Yorkville, this establishment is the restaurant that the neighborhood has been dying to have. It certainly livens up the street. I live in the area and can say that every time I come here, I love it more and more. The food is exceptional and all entrees come with rice and naan. I always get a different cocktail and enjoy each one. They make sure that there's enough alcohol in each drink to get you feeling nice. I will usually start off with the Pani Puri, which is "a party in your mouth." I usually order a different entree every time i go. All are spectacular! This place is definitely worth the trip to Yorkville!
Good food and meal deals. Nice to order take away and wait outside having a cocktail or cold beer. They dont deliver above 96th right now which is a pity
A WONDERFUL place to the smallest of details.  Went there with my husband after enjoying a perfect weekend in NYC.  Had good reviews and I wanted Indian food. Ben was our bartender and was OUTSTANDING.....created beautiful delicious drinks!! Julianna was the waitress and also wonderful.Decor was great, hard boiled eggs at bar as snacks, very cool and completly different!Like I said drinks were heavenly......some type of punch for me and bloody marys for hubby. The absolutely only thing I may add would be a Reisling....its soooo good with Indian food!Now for food.....it was EXCEPTIONAL......I had the Paneer which was perfectly cooked and spiced.....naan was fresh and wonderful......salad of ocra was soooooo different and equally amazing!THANK YOU Drunken Munkey.....we will be back!!!!!
Phenomenal! This is a gem. Drinks are just superb. The interiors really take me back to a sort of bygone colonial era in which I've been to in India and elsewhere in the world. I've been here twice. Once walked in and waited just a short while, the second time went on a weekend and ensured I made a reservation. Promptly seated, loved the menu. I even mistakenly ate this hot pepper and the wait staff gave me milk to ease the heat! It worked. My partner and I loved this place and it's location, tucked away uptown uptown made it that much more special.
Just discovered this hidden gem. It is my new favorite neighborhood bar.  The food is outstanding, the drinks are like nectar, the peeple are cool. I was pleasantly surprised to find it a bit swanky... Its sexy little wine bar. The name doesn't do it justice. I loved everything about it!
Food was good on the whole - some dishes better than others. Lamb chops were amazing as was cheese toast. Chicken tikkas were a bit hard and flavors had not penetrated through. But the ATTITUDE - wow! oozing out of every nook and cranny - adding 20% tip to a table of 5 - a bit ridiculous don't you think? There are plenty of places in Manhattan where I do not have to be "told-off" for changing my mind about a drink ........i do not need attitude w dinner!
It was the best Indian food i have ever had. The Puri was refreshing and spicy.
Finally just came here! Food and service is exceptional!! The flavor were amazing! Everything was so fresh and Delish! Definitely coming back here!
Had the shrimp curry last night, and the dish is out of this world.  Cute atmosphere, and a very humorously-themed restaurant with monkeys as part of the chandaliers.  Love this place, and the naan bread is to die for.  Will definitely be back.
We just had a great meal at the Drunken Munkey. We have walked by it often because we live around the corner but don't usually eat Indian food. This place has delicious food and drinks and I highly recommend it! It is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
Yelpers, you have done me wrong on this one. usually I am fairly happy with the suggestions of my fellow yelpers, but this time something went wrong. On a cold snowy night in January my girlfriend and I went to try this local restaurant on the suggestion of yelp. Here is our split experience.The drunken Munkey is advertised as a cocktail Indian food bar, neither of which it does well at all. After much toiling in mind I have deiced what went wrong. It as if they decided to do everything on a lite version to appease its crowd. Its a cocktail bar with an (*) and Indian food with a (*) and the (*) leads to a note that says this is the mild version of what you were looking for, cocktails for people who weren't looking for a drink and Indian food for people who really didn't want to stray to far from their normal daily meals.Brian:Lets start with the drinks considering this place is called a cocktail bar. It was cold out when we came so I decided to get their seasonal mulled port. Now for anyone who knows anything about mulled drinks they are supposed to be full of spices and flavor (cinnamon, clove, ginger, orange zest) all of which are very strong flavors. The mulled port that they brought after a roughly 10 minute wait tasted like water that had been boiled with orange zest. Louisa:The atmosphere was swanky, it was decorated nicely, with a great ambiance, although the music was unnecessarily loud for a restaurant/cocktail place. The immediate impression of the place was that it would be quite good, since the bartenders were using the long cocktail spoon stirrers to create their concoctions. I really had high hopes for my cocktail, especially since it took a small century to arrive.  I received my Gymkahana Swizzle in a tall cocktail glass, which was allegedly comprised of bacardi, fresh lime juice, mint, gomme and noval ruby port, however I could only taste ice, water, perhaps a bit of lime and maybe some gomme. It was really quite disgusting, so inadequate and couldn't really be a cocktail, considering a cocktail is supposed to be comprised of some form of alcohol mixed with fruit and some form of water/juice/bitters. At this point this was barely even an alcoholic drink. Brian:After the disappointing drink, I was hoping that the Indian food would at least make up for it, sadly it only proved to worsen the dining experience. On the short Indian menu they had some traditional Indian fare and some non-traditional Indian inspired dishes. Again as I had mentioned, it was cold outside so I was looking for something to warm me up. I decided to go with the beef and vegetable stew, hoping for a Indian inspired stew that was full of spice and flavor, like Indian cooking is known for. Instead what arrived was a poorly flavored regular stew with a side of naan bread. Without a doubt the best part of the meal was the naan bread. Louisa:I was hoping the meal would compensate for the terrible cocktail, but considering the place did not smell of Indian spices I did not have high expectations.  I had initially considered getting the shrimp dish, however, I thought that was too unusual and exotic for an Indian food concept.  So I stuck with the standard chicken tikka masala, I assumed they could not ruin such a simple dish since I have made it myself in a small studio apartment.  Despite the fact that I had low if not below low expectations, I was still disappointed by my meal. The portions were incredible small, and the food had no flavor except that of very simple tomato paste and cream.  How can you call yourself an Indian food restaurant and be so incredibly flavorless.  Disappointment.  The only redeeming factor of this restaurant was the service was good, the servers and hostess were really friendly.  However, when you have such terrible food and drinks to provide, you have to try to make something good. And after all of this, you would expect it at a reasonable price.  NOPE, the prices were incredibly high.  We left in disappointment with extremely depleted pockets.  AND, we were still hungry later since the portions were so small. Yelpers before you suggest going to a place for good cocktails and a place for "excellent" Indian food, I would suggest you experience them for yourselves first.
Used to be a more fun bar, drinks now are weak and the bartender covered me in ice, a few times. In August 2014 drinks were much better and larger, service has also declined. I don't mind spending 14 bucks a drink if they are good. Other people at the bar complained about their drinks.
One of the best Indian restaurants in New York City. Their take on Indian street food is spot on so definitely order the pani puri and  crispy okra. The mutton curry and biryani are authentic in taste and my favorite dishes in the restaurant. The best way to wrap up the meal is to order some saviyan which are covered in chocolate. I have made multiple visits to the place in order to try everything on the menu and have been delighted with the flavors and presentation each time. Their cocktails are great as well although they make them quite strong which may be good for some folks. All in all I would keep going back to them whenever I have a craving for good Indian food which can happen even late in the night as drunken munkey is open till 4 am.
Food is really delicious and drinks are great and very well presented. The decor is also particular and cozy. The only down part maybe is that is a little too expensive...
Just visited for the second time last night, and it was a good as the first...which was terrific! The cocktails are good and the food is delicious -- every dish we've tried so far has been great. Celebrated a birthday, too, which is fun because they dim the lights, crank up the Indian music, and bring you a scrumptious rum ball with a sparkler shooting out the top! (If you're tired of a dinky candle and a tired old singing of "Happy Birthday", this might be the change you're looking for.)
The ambiance was very neat and had a cool speakeasy feel but the Indian food was mediocre at best. I would come back for drinks but not for the food.
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood and is of high quality.The one star reviewers are ridiculous.  Some of their concerns might be valid, but dropping a 1-star review doesn't strike me as all that fair.  Yelp is SERIOUS SELF IMPORTANT BUSINESS I guess.Anyway, the bartenders are great guys and have made me a bunch of stiff and delicious drinks.  Highlights include a less sweet Sazerac, a Singapore Sling and the Paanch.  They've even thrown together a few special concoctions of their own for me to sample (shhh, don't tell the owners!).I personally find the food delicious.  Moderately spicy for the most part depending on your palette, although the vindaloo is legit spicy as is the chili toast app.  The shrimp app is also very flavorful.  The Cauliflower app is good too.  Monkfish curry is great.  Naan is perfect.  Rice is light and very well prepared.  I agree that portions are small but I saw the owners say they are addressing it which is a nice move, imo.Also, I like the music.  It's generally a rock n' roll influenced playlist so even though it's a little incongruous with the surroundings, I rather enjoyed hearing the Beatles and Bowie over Indian food and drinks.  Anyway, I'm not a shill but I live in the hood and I'm rooting for this place to succeed.  The one star reviews have inspired me to go grab a drink there after work tonight, so your loss yos.
the food is good.  good.  not great.  certainly not 4.5 stars great.  upon reading the reviews, I came with the expectation of 'modern' Indian cuisine.  The waitress even told us the food would be unlike other Indian food I've had before.  so, i ate the food, looked to my family and said, what was 'modern/different' about this?  it was like every other Indian restaurant i've ever eaten at, and fell somewhere around average amongst all those restaurants.  I've had worse, but I've certainly had better.did the modern decor (not stereotypical Indian traditional drab) and extensive cocktail menu justify the 'modern', 4.5 star rating?  strip away those 2 things and all you have is decent Indian food.  Decent.  3 star decent.  Full disclosure, I did not have any cocktails.  Am I mistaken in that I'm supposed to factor in the quality of the cocktails?  In my mind, I don't care if this is the best cocktail bar in the world, if the food is average the restaurant is average.
We went there late on a Saturday evening, last November, as we were on our way back our hotel which was a couple of blocks down the street. It was late, we did not have a reservation, and I was "hangry" (angry due to hunger and tiredness) after trekking around the city all day. The place was crowded and the atmosphere was great, although my mood was not. The maitre'd, who was an absolute professional, said he would try to seat us, shortly, and had us to wait near the bar. Within 15 minutes (during which time, I was not the model customer and may have scowled at a few people and thought of leaving a few times), we were seated. I am SO very glad that I did not leave! The food and drinks were great and the service was very good. I had an Elderflower Champagne Cocktail (I didn't want anything too strong as I was already tired and still had to walk to the hotel) and we shared Butter Chicken Tikka Masala and Malabar Coastal Shrimp Curry and a side of string beans. The food was perfectly seasoned and totally delicious! By the end of the meal I was smiling and happy. The maitre'd gave us a complimentary dessert which was, again, perfect. (The poor guy was probably so shocked that I had morphed back into a normal human as opposed to the angry troll who walked in, that he, plausibly, wanted to aid the process.)  I don't know when I will be in that area again, but whenever that is, I will definitely eat there. In the meantime, I have noted that they have a sister restaurant, The Royal Munkey, which is not too far from where I will be staying on my next trip to the city. My good experience at The Drunken Munkey has made me add it the list of places I will try to visit while I am there.
Having lived in the UK, we are often disappointed by Indian food in the US which seems bland by comparison. But this is a welcome addition to the UES that definitely meets the standard. We had the baigan and lucknow, both were flavourful and just the right amount spicy. As others have said the okra was great but seemed more like a bar snack than a side dish. Our server was friendly and happy to help but seemed to be new and a bit inexperienced.Nice beer but quite pricey. Will go back again to sample the cocktails. It's only a small place and can get very busy so best to book ahead.
I came here with a buddy in town for work on Wednesday, Dec 18. We're both huge fans of all types of Indian food. I'd heard from friends in the neighborhood of this fantastic new Indian restaurant that had just opened around the corner. We were not disappointed: from the inviting ambiance and very cool retro "Anglo-Indian" design to a fabulous menu and wonderful service.My only quibble is that it's not possible to find the menu online so that I might be more specific about what we ordered beyond the divine monkfish curry I devoured at the bar.Speaking of the bar, not getting a seat in this seemingly always busy restaurant may actually be a godsend if you end up with Brennan as the bartender (not to speak badly of any other bartenders as I've only been there once and met one - perhaps they're all fabulous).  Brennan is one of the very few bartenders I've run into who knows the menu and the fabulous libation options well enough to make inspired suggestions on what to order to eat as well as what might be the best drink to accompany it (or precede it, or follow it, for that matter).I very much look forward to returning to Drunken Munkey soon ... or rather, often, as it is in the neighborhood and there are so many things left on the menu that I look forward to trying.Judging from reviews that Drunken Munkey has received in the local media, I'm not the only one who has become enamored of this neighborhood jewel. I'm guessing that the next time I go, I'll have to call ahead to make sure there's a table. No worries. If you can't get a table, having a drink and dinner at the bar is definitely worth the visit as well.
I love this restaurant! The Indian-spiced old fashioneds are my favorite cocktail in the City, hands down. The food is delicious (I almost always order the fish curry and the fried okra to start). The management and waitstaff are wonderful. Ambience is fantastic - not too formal, not too casual.
The food here is interesting, tasty, and reasonable.  Great India pilsner by the bottle, one of the best beers I have tasted.
Yummy. Amazing crispy okra. The vibe is great. I want to replicate the interior in my living room. Great back support with the stools. Bartender was knowledgable and friendly, perfectly attentive without overbearing. Music just fit the scene, man.
Went to Drunken Monkey last night, after hearing a lot about this place from friends of ours.  Took a colleague of mine who I've been planning to celebrate his residency at Mt Sinai hospital after planning to meet for so long.  He said he hadn't had a good Indian meal in quite some time, and I, myself, LOVE Indian Food, so we decided to head over to The Munkey.Upon entering the restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised by the charm of the decor.  Being in the nightlife industry, myself, for some 17 years, I tend to take notice of construction, details, and attention to detail as I've seen places with their lights off and places with their lights on and how cheap or not so cheap a construction can be.  These guys did a great job with their build out.  You can see they used quality everything in bringing the place to life, and I sat down in hopes that the food would reflect the quality of the decor.We started with Tandoori Quail which we could see being hung from the tandoor seekhs that were being hung through the opening of the kitchen window.  It made us have to order this.  Completely done to perfection, cooked perfectly, and great blend of spice and flavor.  You can tell that this is the freshest quail that one can get.  We also order a Chili Cheese Toast, which was heavenly.....reminds me of a concoction that my mom used to put together in her kitchen with cheese and green chilis.....amazing!!For our main dishes we ordered the Lamb Chops, which were as tender and juicy as anybody could ask for as well as the staple Chicken Tikka Masala.  All came with a nice array of accompaniments.  Anytime I hit a new Indian Restaurant, I always go for the fail safe dishes - Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Chops; if you can't do those right, then it doesn't even make sense to get adventurous into the good stuff, let alone come back.  Drunken Munkey not only gets it right, they get it right to the point that you remember it the next day in such a good way.  We also got the Crispy Bhindi, and all our plates were literally licked clean.Their cocktail list is also off the hook.  I had some gin based cocktail, named along the lines of The Army Navy, which happened to be made with my favorite Gin, Bulldog.  Any place that carries Bulldog knows quality.....it is my favorite Gin.What really earned a page in my book, is that not only was the food really really good, but you can see how much the owner really cares about his place, as when it got really busy, he rolled up his sleeves and started helping the staff.  As a small business owner, myself, I respect people who are owners that are willing to put their hands to work when needed.  It's no surprise why this place was so busy, last night, the freezing cold.Score for Drunken Munkey!
A fabulous find in the UES. Glad that friends from midtown east came all the way to check out this new gem of a place. Cute bicycles as decoration from Bombay, the owner has collected little things to pretty up the place. The okra was the best appetizer, lamb biryani was amazing. The owner recommended saag paneer which was also a winner. Kim was an awesome waitress. Rich the bartender made me an interesting blueberry mint lemonade drink. I don't drink so a nice virgin cocktail is always a treat. Desserts (carrot halwa and mango ice cream) were ok, nothing great.
Exceptional service from the minute we walked in. Garrett (one of the managers) did an excellent job in accommodating us, from recommending drinks to food. The place is enough to accommodate probably up to 40 people however the place is very intimate. As soon as you walk in you smell aroma of the curry. We started off with cocktails Garrett recommended and they were both every good, I don't recall the name of the cocktails. For appetizer we had the Panni Puri, made with crispy hollow flour balls filled with tamarind sauce. Main course we had the drunken munkey lamb biryani which was excellent and my wife had the bagara baigan which is an eggplant curry which came with naan, rice and rita.  I would definitely come back to this restaurant for the drinks, food and service.
This restaurant is incredible! If you are looking for an intimate night with a great ambience, food, and drinks, this place is for you. The wide array of drinks, the delicious traditional Indian dishes, and the personal attention you receive from the waitstaff and the restaurant owner himself makes this dining experience one of a kind. I'm not an easy-to-please patron, but I have been recommending this restaurant to everyone I know, and urge you to make your way up to 92nd St to try it yourself!
Great cocktails, especially if you like gin. Incredible food - try the paneer! The combination of decor, buzz, and light music make for a perfect ambiance. I would and already have recommended to friends. Will be back.
I've been walking past this place for the last month or so that it's been open and really wanted to try it. I finally did with some friends and really wish I had gone sooner. The food is probably the best Indian I've had in the neighborhood and even converted one of our friends who previously didn't really like Indian cuisine.There are two reasons I went with 4 stars instead of 5. First, although the food is delicious the portions are just a little on the small side, particularly for the price. Second, the staff still seem somewhat awkward. It wasn't terrible and I'm guessing it's just because it is a new place, so hopefully I can bump this up to 5 stars after the next time I go (which will probably be very soon!)Overall, highly recommend!
Just incredible. Incredible cocktails and incredible food. MY favorite local place.
4.5 delicious eclectic anglo indian good; great vibe; attentive and enthusiastic service.  Do not pass go - great find!
Incredible food and delicious cocktails! Went here for a nice weekday dinner and tried out their prefixe. We had the lamb kebabs, poori puffs, butter chicken, and lamb rogan josh-all amazing! The 2 mains even came with naan and rice as well as choices of sides! Service was nice and attentive. Drinks were very well crafted. Will definitely be coming back soon!
Went here for a birthday party.Great atmosphere Amazing food and drinks sidecar martini a must! I will definitely be going back!!! Prices are very reasonable!
Craft cocktails were amazing, always appreciate good bartenders knowing their thing..
Yummy Indian delivery - loved my vegetarian meal which was tasty and rich- the naan travels well in the little foil bags (buttery delicious and hot) and the saag paneer was nicely balanced flavors.  They honored my request for "mild" spiciness which I feel sometimes take out places disregard because they don't think you'll return it.   I will be ordering again and trying other dishes!
Wife is now into Indian Food...this is NOT a pure Indian restaurant...kind of a fusion place...but, that's good cuz i'm not real thrilled w many Indian places...food was outstanding...Tandoori Chicken Tikka app was awesome...wife loved the lamb birayani...my lamb chops were outstanding...some of the best i've had in quite a while...we arrived just prior to end of happy hour...2 cocktails or beer gets you 2 of each free...their craft cocktails were terrific...wife does NOT drink much, but loved the Wise Old Monkey...my Indian Spiced Old Fashion was really good and i never drink that kind of cocktail...place is tiny, but has 37 seats...every inch laid out well...decor is cool...even has a monkey on the sidewalk pole that reflects back into the restaurant...only negatives is the bread is average compared to other indian places and we were a tad rushed by hostess who was covering as a waitress until another showed up for work...but, i always have a rule and used it here...never order entree until app is finished and ignore employees focused on table turning...place got full soon after arrival...will definitely be back and encourage all to enjoy this gem
Love this place! Was recommended this pot by a friend and have now been coming for several time - the food never disappoints. All dishes are delicious and authentic, but their house chicken briyani is my favorite. Very much enjoy the cute atmosphere with monkeys everywhere! Service has not always been the greatest, but the perfectly spiced food have made up for it. Tip: get a carlsberg elephant from the bar.
Our family of 4 (kids 7-10 years) had lunch here. We ordered from the brunch menu as well as a la carte. Ordered the lamb biriyani, saag paneer, kids had chicken tikka masala. Kids also loved the cheese toast (must-have). Also tried paani poori, pav bhaji burger -- everything was consistently great!! - very flavorful and beautifully presented. Brunch was served with amazing sides of potatoes and crispy okra - slurp slurp!!! My husband and I are foodies and especially look for great Indian food. Even with the place buzzing, they didn't miss a beat in the service. Oh & btw the carrot halwa and rum ball desserts were superb too! Yum food, cozy lovely ambience and excellent service!!
We moved over to the US from Ireland about 6 months ago and have been trying to find nice restaurants with good quality food, especially meat and fish. Unfortunately most of the restaurants have been a disappointment HOWEVER drunken munkey is by far our favorite restaurant!! Ok so my boyfriend says the prawns aren't the best quality but we've both practically licked our plates after both meals. If you're looking for a nice, cosy place especially in winter, I'd give it a shot. Granted it's not cheap, and that's why I didn't give it the full 5 stars (if only I could give it 4.5) but I still think it's a great addition to the UES. Try the malabar (or something like that..) Coastal prawn curry! That's my favourite!
I have been to Drunken Munkey more than a few times in the recent past, and have never been disappointed with the food and drinks .It's a cute, warm, intimate place, unlike some other Indian restaurants  which make me feel as if I've just walked into a warehouse that's been turned into a restaurant. Never before have I had  Anglo-Indian influenced craft cocktails until my first time at Drunken Munkey and it is one of the best things about this place. My favorites are Bramble, Aviation and Army and Navy. The drinks are stiff and the price too, one could argue, but it's well worth it because I would advise you to go easy on them as they pack a punch.The food is delicious. Hats off to the kitchen for producing such delicious food that doesn't taste like "restaurant food" if you know what I mean. The crispy okra and paani puri make for perfect appetizers.The pork vindaloo, Sindhi fish curry, and railway chicken curry were just rightly spiced. Loved the carrot halwah for dessert  btw. The service was very friendly and welcoming. but the staff could do well to remember the drinks orders as on one occasion we had to remind them about it. Otherwise, no complaints.Lovely ambiance punctuated by  vintage Bollywood films on silent mode, eclectic music selection that was playing at just the right volume without drowning out conversations, and interesting paraphernalia  from the yesteryears. Very tastefully done.If you are in the neighborhood this place is a must visit. Actually, even if you are not in the neighborhood and love to experiment with craft cocktails and Anglo-Indian cusine you should go. it is absolutely worth visiting. Weekends are busy so I'd advise to make reservations especially if you are a large group. We can't wait to go back and try a few more new cocktails and dishes. Drunken Munkey is a wonderful addition to Indian cuisine in the city and expands it beyond the regular fare dished out at Indian restaurants.
Charming restaurant with an exceptional cocktail focus.  The food, starting with appetizers, was excellent - hardly the type of the standard Indian restaurants.  I loved the Railway Chicken Curry and the Okra though it is hard to pick out the best from all the awesome dishes.  Very authentic and highly recommended.
You should go. Great cocktails and atmosphere. Definitely a fan. Sorry for the generic review...few cups in
After reading about Drunken Munkey in WSJ I decided to give it a try.  Best decision I've made so far in 2014!  Sat at the very comfortable bar and took the advice of Brennan the bartender on appetizers and main courses.  Everything we ate- little okra fries, naan, chicken tikki masala- was amazing and I promise I will go back and try the highly recommended monkfish.  The gin punch we had after dinner was delicious.  BTW I never knew that punch was invented in India!  And thanks to the owner Arun for looking after us and being a great host.  I will definitely go back.
Gorgeous space, delicious food. As an industry vet and running a restaurant in the neighborhood this is one of the best things to happen to the UES in a long time. Can't miss
Highly recommend!  Went there with some friends a couple of nights ago and had a fantastic evening--everyone had a great time.  Setting is very well done and comfortable, food was delicious and they have a terrific drinks menu (I especially enjoyed the Sidecar).  It was clear the owners and staff pay attention to every detail and they go out of their way to be welcoming and ensure a superb experience.  The bar and restaurant were fully occupied and there was a very fun vibe, but it never felt crowded or noisy.  Drunken Munkey will be a regular stop for my friends and me, for sure.
I do not eat a lot of Indian food, but this place adds a wonderful twist to traditional Indian cooking by adding a western touch to the dishes. I had the beef stew and was amazingly surprised! It was absolutely delicious and I would go back again for more. Everyone who took care of my friend and I during our meal was warm and inviting. I really felt welcomed as if I were invited to a friends home for dinner. On top of the food there was an extensive bar menu with highlighted cocktails of the week.  I had the paanch and it was very enjoyable. I would recommend this place to everyone.
This was my single worst experience dining out in NYC. What made it so terrible was our incredibly rude and condescending waitress. If you, for some unfortunate reason, end up at this restaurant try to not be served by the tall, dark-haired waitress. No need to spoil your evening.The food portion of the menu was extremely limited, included only a few very basic choices. It seems that they hoped that if they add enough spiciness to the dish it would magically taste great. Not exactly... I love Indian food, but at the Drunken Munkey only the greasy bread tasted ok.  The cocktail list was somewhat disappointing as well. We tried one and weren't impressed. The best part of this place was the décor. It was cozy, but only superficially. Again, the rude waitress completely ruined the atmosphere for us.Bottom line: do your stomach a favor and skip this restaurant.
The food and drinks are EXCELLENT of course, but what truly keeps bringing me back to the Munkey is the ambiance. This place has such a great vibe, its quaint but lively. The perfect place to unwind from a hard NYC workday. If you are new to Indian food, this is a perfect introduction. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful with the menu. The best part of the Munkey is the handsome, well-dressed man that i think he runs the place. He is there EVERY time we have been there and immediately makes us feel welcome and sets the tone for a wonderful experience! I think i will go there tonight. I am in the mood for Munkey.
Great little place; wonderful food, beautiful decor. Will be returning soon!
Went there for the first time on Monday with a young lady and we did well in choosing this night as it has a reputation for filling up early on the more popular nights of the week/weekend. Our server was Kim and she was alsolutely charming and very attentive. We had 3 appetizers (paani puri, mutton seekh kebabs and the tiger prawns) and for the main dish we shared a Drunken Munkey Chicken Biriyani. Absolutely scrumptious !! The drinks are also WOW !! I had the coctail named after Ernest Hemingway - and it was WOW ! Citrusy and powerful !! (I only needed one !)
Wonderful food and great service but a couple things need improvement.When the place is packed (which it often is) it's super loud in the dining room. I think some acoustic treatment on the ceiling would help substantially. They also play their music a little too loudly as well. While I've enjoyed my food both times I've been there I had trouble conversing with my wife who was just a couple of feet away.The second issue is they allow people to smoke at the outside tables and out front on the sidewalk. There were several idiots smoking out there last time I went and the smoke was drifting right in. The manager needs to keep on top of this sort of thing.
Awesome meal! Went here tonight and loved everything about it. There is a great low-key but still buzzing vibe to the place. I had the weekly puunch which was surprisingly light and spicey.  Shared the Paani Puri starter which was really cool, fresh and with a good spicy bite.  Followed the yelp recommendation and got the Sindhi fish Curry. It was fantastic. It doesn't taste like fish but not like anything else either! Creamy but spicy sauce and just super flavorful.  We ended with the carrot pudding which was just as fabulous as others said.  Overall one of the best meals I've had in NYC in a long time!
Non-traditional Indian FoodCraft Cocktails // Swanky DecorFull of character this is a rare gem that you would probably not find anywhere else in the world.   It reminds me of a mash up a proper English establishment and some tasty Indian inspired cuisine. All around a fun experience and the kitchen is open pretty late!If you're in the neighborhood it's definitely worth stopping by. Plenty of dishes to share and nibble on.The Scene: Hip, Cocktail Bar, Indian Inspired Destination Rating: 7Date Rating: 8Hob Nob Potential: 3 Note: Cozy, dim, and not too loud.
This Drunken Munkey never disappoints! I've been trying to explore the UES lately and this is one of my go-to places. If you love craft cocktails like I do, you must visit this place. They are worth the price! This review is based solely on cocktails not food. I love the colonial-era decor. When you walk in you're immediately transported to another place/time. It's upscale and intimate. I've been a few times and always grab a seat at the bar. I love watching the bartenders make the drinks. They take their time and the recipes are very precise. It's a treat in itself watching them make it. I always order the Mint Julep drink. It's strong and flavorful. I highly recommend visiting during the happy hour. If you buy 2 you get 2 free (so make sure to go in pairs). The drinks are not cheap but absolutely worth it so take advantage of the specials. I have yet to try the food but I hear it's the most authentic in the area. I'll continue to visit Drunken Munkey. Def a must-visit hidden gem.
Wow! Incredible food, even better service. Cocktails also were amazing. The atmosphere as welcoming and intimate. I had a great time!!!
Amazing food! Unexpectedly one of the best Indian foods in the city. You got to try the chicken tikka appetizer and the biryani, it is as authentic as it gets.Overall -decent ambience, fast service, good cocktails, great food at pretty decent price. I am a fan!
I really wanted to love this place. We finally ventured crosstown to eat dinner here. We were greeted warmly and service was amazing. The cocktail I ordered with elderflower liquor was delicious. Seating is cozy inside - smaller place then I expected. I would get reservations for a larger group or during the weekend. The downside was food. My husband's vegetarian and ordered the chana masala and cauliflower appetizer - bland at best. I ordered the butter chicken masala, and it was good but not impressive. I'd come back for their drinks.
Came with family. Two of us ordered curry dishes and two of us biryani dishes. The shrimp curry and biryani dishes are amazing.* If you liked this restaurant and indian food in general I would strongly recommend a restaurant on 2nd avenue btwn 89th and 90th called mughlai Indian cuisine.Background nusic was a little too loud at times, but overall we enjoyed our meal.
The Munkey is always a good choice for Indian cuisine! Their chicken biryani is my favorite! Also, they have an excellent cocktail list. Be sure to make a reservation...The space is small and it fills up fast!
Great place for cocktails! I recommend the elderflower and champagne cocktail, so fresh and delicious! We were sitting at the bar with my bf and we had a wonderful time. The bartender was very friendly and pro, I will definitely come back!
Came here for dinner with family on a Friday night. Loved the ambiance, very cozy with monkeys everywhere. Decor is true to name. A small space and very casual. The drinks were so bomb. Loved the Bramble! Food was excellent, the fried okra side was extremely crunchy and light. I had the butter chicken tikka which was luxurious and came with a good amount of naan and rice. Also tried the shrimp curry and chicken tandoori, both of which were delicious. Tried the mango dessert which was just okay, would have liked more mango and less ice cream. The carrot dessert was also just okay, a little sweet for my taste. The rum ball was decadent and delicious. Oh, and 5 stars for the theatrics when it's someone's birthday :)
Loved this place!!!! It's a combination of swanky cocktail lounge that meets an amazing Indian kitchen! The cocktails were great. One thing to note, this place is traditional with dress code and my boyfriend had to remove his hat in the restaurant. He was a little peeved but hey, not the end of the world, but not what we've ever experienced anywhere else. I can't wait to go back here. The the flavors and portions were great too! Such a unique spot for the area.
Wow!  A hidden gem in Yorkville!  We enjoyed a birthday dinner here immensely.  Good service and great Indian food.  It was all in the details...monkey chandeliers, fried okra appetizers, and a great choice of cocktails.  The Butter Chicken Tikka Masala was perfect-- lots of flavor, served with naan and rice alongside a lemon sauce.  The Meatball dish and the Fish Curry were both great, spicier choices.  The intimate atmosphere includes a Bollywood film playing on a nearby TV and music by Queen.  We will be coming back!
Amazing, authentic Indian cuisine! I am a vegetarian and had so many delicious options to choose from. I landed on the vegetable Biryani and my date went with the classic Tikka Masala. Both were delicious, warm and spicy without making you sweat or tear up, and came with naan and rice. For dessert, we split the Sticky Toffee Pudding and our lives changed forever. If I am allowed to choose my last meal on Earth, it will certainly conclude with this deliciously sweet and moist delicacy. We opted for beers over cocktails and wine (although I've heard the cocktails are very good), and I was very happy to see that they had some local New York beers on tap (I highly recommend the Ommengang from Cooperstown, NY). The ambiance is nice and cozy; there are a few monkey statues scattered around and they had nice lighting and decor for the upcoming holiday season. Our only complaint was that they have a charmingly disruptive birthday ceremony where the entire room darkens, the music stops and the entire restaurant is expected to clap as a wordless song is played and a dessert shoots out fire. There were also several birthdays that night, so our patience was tested. Luckily we had the toffee pudding to keep us at ease and in a state of euphoria. The cherry on top of what was ultimately a very exceptional evening was when I left my wallet behind on the counter and the waiter sprinted a block and a half to get it to me. This kind act epitomized the generous and friendly atmosphere at the Drunken Munkey, and gained the loyalty of two Indian cuisine lovers! Do yourself a favor and make a reservation (unless it's your birthday because everyone else in the restaurant will hate you).
I love coming to drunken munkey - been coming here since it opened.The cocktails are great, food is great and the service is great. The Indian spiced old fashioned is my favorite cocktail. My gf loves the lady Mountbatten. Make sure you get the crispy okra and the Pani Puri. Also love their butter chicken. You can't do wrong with most of the food. Maybe stay away from the seafood.
Awesome experience!! Should try crispy okra and old rum.. Nice ambience bartender is pretty cool.. Small place  but it's tough to find place like this in NYC..Drinks are not too expensive.. Nice mixture of western and Bollywood music..
I came here the other night while looking for an apartment, I really liked the space very cool and inviting, the cocktail I had was also very good. The chicken tikka though cooked perfectly was a little bland, though the sauces made up for it. The naan was also very good, I will definitely be back for more.
We came in after driving in from Boston on a Friday night around 8:00. It was not busy, yet it took 45 minutes for our food to come out. We almost wanted to walk out because we weren't getting any status updates from our waitress. There was even a couple that was seated after we ordered who finished their entrees before we even got our first starter. The wait would have been justified if the food was good, but sadly it was not.+ CRISPY OKRA: This almost tastes like fried kale, but with more substantial texture and flavor. This is the first time I've had fried okra and I am definitely a fan.- BUTTER CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA: I am a big fan of tikka masala, and this chicken was over cooked. It was thick, dense, and dry, contributing to a very unsatisfying entree.- TANDOORI BATAYR (QUAIL): The quail came with bones, which we agreed to, but this app was actually all bone. There was practically no meat, and with only two pieces, we were left very disappointed.
Best Indian ive had in a while.. ambiance , service and food are all 5 stars.. I took off one star bc I like cheaper drinks .. ($13-14 period cocktail).. my favorite was the biriyani rice and saang paneer. Definitely will be going back
We prefer Anglo-Indian than traditional Indian.  Tikka masala, naan, shrimp curry and okra are the best.  I wish they have a few more favorites.  If you can make it to the happy hours, this is THE place to be.
Came here on a Wednesday night, because it is open later than almost all restaurants in the area. This review is based on a late night dining experience. Ambiance: I'm assuming at 10:30pm they begin to transition the ambiance to a more bar scene, where the music was sort of loud. (It did not prevent me from talking to my friend, but we definitely had to raise our voices to be heard.) Song selection seemed random. The decor is beautiful, and they have a TV showing Bollywood films behind the bar. The lighting is romantic and dim. Wine glasses and a candle are places on each table to give a twinkling effect. The tables, glasses, and silverware were all nice and clean as well. 10:30 at night and we were the only party sitting at a table, but there was a group of men sitting at the bar for drinks.Price: cocktails are priced $13-14 depending on what you order, but they have a decent amount of alcohol in them. We ordered the Lady Mountbatten and some pineapple drink. There was a prix-fix dinner menu offered (must be a party of 6 or larger if it is Friday-Saturday). We chose just to order separate entrees: Chicken masala $18 and coastal shrimp curry $19. Food: Each dish is served with Indian flatbread, a scoop of rice, and the entree in a bowl of sorts. Both of our meals were well prepared, and we were both able to clean our entire plate. (We are small girls with big appetites.) For dessert we ordered the Rum Ball $9.25. It was basically a doughy brownie with lots of rum in it, which was really yummy. Our waitress surprised us with a complimentary carrot pudding. If you like carrot cake, then I'd recommend the carrot pudding because it was nice and soft. Both desserts are served warm on little, silver cardboard disks.Overall: this is a nice place to go, but just keep in mind the prices can lead to a hefty   dinner bill. Know your expectations, but the food was delicious and our waitress was very friendly. She even warned us to be careful of a spicy pepper that was served.
Cozy is the first word that pops into my mind when I think of the Drunken Munkey. Space is tight and management's ability to squeeze in this many tables in a bathroom-sized square footage is mind-boggling. And kudos for not skimping on a real bar. So I began my meal at the DM with mutton seekh kebabs, paani puri, which were fun appetizers that can be washed down properly with cocktails from the bar. Then I had, of course, the chicken tikka masala, which was sooo creamy and delicious that I could have had three portions. It is unfortunate that the dessert variety is a little slim, but I'm sure they will improve it. Overall, warm and fun experience that is somewhat unexpected for the area.
I'm addicted to curry after eating here. The bartender was super friendly and the food was fabulous!! Will be back.
A great place for reasonably priced food and drinks! Call ahead to make a reservation though- It gets pretty packed!
We got the fried okra and the Simla mirch both of which hit the spot! The mint chutney was just right and I would recommend trying the East India cocktail. Cons : Cramped for space .. on a busy night.
The food is spectacular - the fried okra and chili cheese toast were simple yet delicious. Very creative drinks menu as well - the only thing they lose a star for is being slightly pricey.
Drunken monkey is a cool spot even though it is not my kind of place. I did some very lazy research and saw 4 stars, the words craft and has TV and figured its worth trying.  The craft refers to cocktails, fairly expensive at $14 a pop, and no tap lines just a few bottles which seem like an afterthought to cocktails. Also while they do have a TV it plays Bollywood movies instead of baseball. The food however, makes it worth a visit. For apps we had fried okra and mutton kebab which were both great and the nice crunchy salt flavor of okra contrasts nice with sweet juicy mutton. Mains were chicken tikka masala and veggie korma with paneer. Both were flavorful and served as a generous portion, the one complaint is that the chicken was a bit dry. Nineteen bucks for an Indian dish is expensive so I would expect a perfectly cooked chicken at that price. Overall it was good enough to warrant a return visit in which I will probably get the exact same apps and try a new entree.
Very unconventional indian restaurant with great food and awesome take on drinks. I was extremely impressed.  A good date spot with an intimate environment.
FANTASTIC! Food is amazing, service is wonderful, cocktails are delicious and décor is adorable.  I'm so glad this place is around the corner.
Great Indian restaurant in the Upper East. If you are looking for authentic Indian food in a fun relaxed environment this is the place to go. The service was great, the drinks where fun and the food was great - if what you are used to is take out Indian, then you should come here and taste the real thing
The best!   WONDERFUL atmosphere, fantastic food. We have taken friends who hate indian food on two separate occasions and they both absolutely loves this place.  Cute bar with interesting cocktails and beers.   We actually met the owners parents and apparently many of the recipes stem from home cooking recipes passed down.  My husband and I have been 4 times and have loved every item from the menu.  The Butter Chicken Tikka Masala, Garden Fresh Vegetable Korma, Cauliflower Foogath and Paneer Tikka  are not to be missed and do try the dessert - simply amazing.   A wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
I am not basing this review on the quality of food and drinks that you get here but rather on the experience we had dining at this establishment. I have been to Drunken Money three times in the past couple of months and barring my first visit the overall experience we had the next two times was very unpleasant. During our second visit we were celebrating a friends birthday there and were ordering multiple rounds of drinks and appetizers however the waitress kept rushing us and was quite rude when we told her we wanted to have some entrees as well. When we asked her whether she wanted us to leave she said no but they needed to turnover the tables quickly(doesn't that mean the same thing!).  I get that your restaurant is really popular but no where else in NYC have I felt so rushed even though we were continuously ordering food and drinks. Even though our second visit was suboptimal we decided to go back because we loved the food. During our third visit the waitress took my jacket and hung it on a hook at the other end of the restaurant. After we were done paying our bill when I went to get my jacket the waitress claimed that the jacket I was going for wasn't mine. She insisted that my jacket was hung somewhere else. When I told her that she was mistaken she asked other people whether the jacket I was going for belonged to them!! I have never been so insulted before. Why would I pay $$$ for your food and steal a $ jacket!! This behaviour is just preposterous and though your food is great I don't think I will be dining there again!
What a delightful little place. I had such a nice date with my boyfriend on Saturday night here. We tried the okra (it was amazing) and the paneer (pretty good). I had the special tandoori chicken and he had the pork vindaloo. We were both pretty impressed with our dishes. We both agreed that our rating of this place is "solid". Nothing blew us away completely, but nothing was short of good. I think we will definitely be back! The services was also very good:)
Was visiting NYC from Bay Area.  Friend suggested I try this place.  Fantastic place.  The food excellent, service outstanding and friendly.  Lovely to see the old colonial Indian mix with the new. Will be coming back for sure.
Had the pleasure dining and exploring the brunch menu at Drunken Munkey NYC (DM) on the UES.  While this is far from my regular hood, I am definitely making this spot a regular pit stop for brunch and drinks.  I was with a group of friends, so we had the opportunity to sample almost all of their brunch menu along with some excellent libations to wash it all down.  We started with masala tea, infused with cardamom which was an excellent way to start the brunch.  We started with the classic chilli cheese toast which was excellent and instantly brought me back to my childhood when I used to look forward to this treat, now I get to have it in NYC!  We shared a bunch of entrees, the chilli cheese omlette, the lamb burger, the unda kaati roll, the pav bhaji burger and the butter chicken.  The sides of "Bombay Aaloo" and "Cripsy Okra" was a great change from the traditional brunch sides and we ended up ordering more of the crispy okra on the side.  We also ventured and got some desserts and the "cricket" rum ball and the carrot "halwa" were outstanding.  We got a second order of the Carrot "halwa".  In terms of taste and portion size, everything was top notch and I could not decide what I would get the next time I came to eat here!  The libation of choice for our table was an innovative take on the traditional Bloody Mary and an excellent multi ingredient and refreshing Punch.  The bar looks great and I look forward to being here to try their cocktail menu which was extensive and versatile.  The DM did not miss a beat despite their brand new brunch menu.  The staff was excellent with an attentive front of the house and a knowledgeable bar keep.  I could not recommend this place more and I wish them continued success and I expect to be back there very soon.
A fabulous addition to UES!  This is not your typical Indian restaurant.  It's a wonderful restaurant with good wine & drinks that happens to serve delicious Indian food.  Friendly service, inviting atmosphere, pleasant noise level, moderate prices all add to the charm. It's a small restaurant - reservation is recommended.  A delightful place for a date or small groups.  Will be visiting again soon.
Great food and great drinks. Lamb chops were amazing! Only problem was getting seated.
Having recently moved into the area, my date and I (both recent college grads) were looking for a go-to dinner and drinks spot. As people who don't eat lots of Indian food, but always willing to try new things, when we saw that DM-NYC just opened, we had to give it a shot. Without knowing what to expect, as soon as the cocktails started flowing, we realized this would be a very interesting evening. We both remarked on how flavorful each drink (Bramble) and dish was, namely the lamb and chicken. The bartender was very friendly, making us cocktails we've never had, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. The decor was warm and welcoming, and the music selection tied everything together. Would recommend going with someone special that has good taste so you can enjoy what each dish and drink has to offer. My date was so pleased with the grandeur of the occasion that I can definitely recommend it to anyone looking to impress. Already planning my next visit.
This place is great!  The UES is really stepping up its game in the restaurant category.  Drunken Monkey is definitely at the top of the list.  Excellent food and really nice for large parties (I went recently for a birthday party).  You have to try the crispy okra and the punch bowl.
Wonderful find on the UES.  Very cozy, lovely ambiance. Dinner with a friend, shared Railway Chicken Curry and the Butter Chicken Tikka Masala. Hard to say which I enjoyed more although I find myself craving the Railway Chicken! Loved the Okra and String Beans sides.  Such an enjoyable place to savor a wonderful meal and fantastic wines.  Can't wait to return!
Lovely cozy spot. Feels like a perfect neighborhood restaurant. Food and cocktails were excellent with some nice attentions to detail. I was very happy to find fried okra on the menu and it did not disappoint! The pork vindaloo was fiery,tender and delicious. The meals are individually plated and include dal, raita, buttered naan and rice. The portions were perfect.
The music is unnecessarily loud. They really need to lower it.
Authentic Indian food. Great selection of cocktails. Would recommend the  weekend brunch. Reasonably priced
Creative menu. Beautiful presentation. Attentive service. We tried several dishes--all good--especially enjoyed the Paani Puri appetizers. Be sure to check out the chandeliers! Make reservations because the place is small and fills up quickly.
Great vibe and fantastic food!  Perfect place to go if you are meeting a few friends for drinks or having dinner with a date.  Loved it.  Can't wait to go back.
Stopped in there tonight for an early dinner with my wife.  This is a small restaurant that has a great atmosphere which you can spend hours at just relaxing.  The food, drinks, and service were all fantastic, can't wait to go back!
Delicious. Love the chicken biryani. Not spicy or oily unlike other Indian restaurants. Great drinks. Highly recommend!
The Drunken Munkey is a surprising and unexpected gem.  Not only was the food excellent and better than several other "highly acclaimed" restaurants we sampled during our recent long weekend in NYC, but the service and atmosphere matched the intimate and friendly  neighborhood in the quite "out of the way" location.  I have always loved Indian food but I was not prepared for the truly exceptional fare (I recommend the Pork).  Each dish our party of four tried was unique and well prepared with a perfect blend of Indian spices so that we agreed that it was not only the best restauraunt we had collectively found in NYC, but it had the best curry any of us could remember.  The intimate setting was perfect for our party to discuss the events of the day (critique the shows we had taken in) and the staff quick to make everything right (including turning down the music volume when requested).  I highly recommend the cuisine and friendly staff.
Everything is delicious. Try the aviator cocktail, the carrot bread pudding for dessert, and you're missing out if you don't get the butter chicken tikka or saga paneer
This place is just okay and the food is really average. I ordered the Railway Chicken Curry listed under their specialties. Nothing exciting or special about it. The curry was too watery/watered down and at $19 for the entree, you don't really get much.Quite disappointed. My friends were having some cocktails, which looked good.Service-wise, no complaints at all. Warm, attentive and smiling staff.
Nice place with good service but the food it to bland. If you're looking for "real" Indian food you'll not find it there.Will be good if they can have more Vegan friendly options
Everything I heard was true! I got great reviews about this place, especially from Indian-Americans who said both the food and the ambiance was top notch! Only downside is that the waitstaff weren't super friendly. Music could be turned down a little, it's a tad on the loud side and drowns out the conversation, but the food itself was sublime! Defs worth another visit for a fancy cocktail! :-)
I've been going to Drunken Munkey for over a year and this place is delightful!I'm usually an Indian food purist but the food here is otherworldly (brunch and dinner) and the drinks are what you would expect from some hidden speakeasy downtown- just outstanding. I've had the punch and bees knees- both outstanding.I'm vegetarian here are my recs:1. Pain puri2. Saag Paneer3. Vegetable biryani baked with naan over it!!4. Rum Ball5. Brunch Dosa6. Punch- lots of it!Ambiance:Cozy, warm bistro format.Service: the staff have always, always been kind. I went on a Friday night two weeks ago with my husband and another couple. We stayed for FOUR hours 7:30-11:30pm and the staff never made us feel like we had to leave. Well deserved 5 *
I'm in love with this place... one of my favorite places in NYC. It's open late so you can go and have food late night with no problem. The food is delicious... mniam mniam... the cocktails are unique and very tasty... prices correspond to the quality of food and drinks!
Delicious but definitely make a reservation! For drinks...have the swizzle.
Mmmm mmmm mmmm! The Drunken Monkey was delicious and met all of our expectations.The space is small and can get pretty crowded, so I suggest making a reservation (as I did). As soon as we walked in, I was glad that I did, because there was a line of people waiting to get a table. We were greeted instantly by the receptionist and were seated right away. (Side note: If you're that kind of person who likes to wear hats indoors, this isn't the place for you, because they will ask you to take it off). Our table was towards the end, and again, the space is very small, so room was limited. Our waitress immediately came over and took down our drinks. While our first impression of her was great, her service went downhill from there unfortunately. She became less attentive and disappeared for long periods of time throughout our dinner. We ordered two plates and a couple of sides and split it amongst each-other (3 people). It was more than enough food for us, and I have to say that the portions are great for the price. We ordered the Butter Chicken Tikka Masala, the Butter Paneer Tikka Masala, crispy okra, and Chana Masala. The two main entrees came with a side of rice and naan (which was warm and delicious - seriously I could've sufficed on just the naan). Everything was fresh, HOT, and seriously amazing. This isn't your average Indian restaurant either. It is modernized and pricier, but it is worth it. From the decor, to the history laid out on their menus, this is definitely a place to visit whether you're a tourist or a local. Needless to say, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. It was a perfect combo and the perfect size, seeing as we didn't leave any leftovers yet we were all filled to the brim. With that being said, there's ALWAYS room for dessert and with that we ordered the Cricket 'Rum-ball'. It was so delicious. It was warm and moist and wasn't overly sweet. The perfect end to a perfect meal! Definitely worth the $10. Overall, The Drunken Monkey is a NYC delight. The food is delicious, the ambiance is nice, and the prices are good (considering it's NYC AND the portion sizes).
Run don't walk to this UES hidden gem.  Upon entering you'll know it's special place and rare find, not only in the neighborhood but also the city.  Dimly lit and well decorated atmosphere was outdone only by the incredible food and genuinely friendly and attentive staff.  Very highly recommend it.
Ambience 4*Food 4*Service 1*Came here on a rainy Tuesday afternoon with my boyfriend. We had made a reservation so were seated immediately. We noticed that the place was almost full.We ordered the bartenders special cocktail which was a strawberry gin based cocktail. This was really good and seemed fresh. We ordered the fried okra, pani puri and paneer tikka as appetizers. We had planned to spend some time here so informed the waitress that we would order the entree later. She immediately said, oh this place is going to get more crowded and it might get delayed if you order later. We were surprised at this. But said we were not in a hurry. The food was good with decent flavors. We ordered the butter chicken which was really tasty!  What really annoyed me was how the waitress wanted us to leave asap. Firstly she removed the paneer tikka platter even though it had salad and chutneys while we were still working on it on a side plate. Then she came and removed my boyfriends plate with a half eaten paneer piece on it as he was working on it. Common ! You need to at least ask if we were done. That was completely rude and unsolicited behavior. Lastly she was in such a hurry and forced us to sign our check and leave. When we come to have a good evening , we don't expect to be treated this way which ruins our mood. The owners who have made a great job on having this unique restaurant in UES should also take some time hiring good waitresses who don't treat their customers this way!
I really like the atmosphere in this place. They have a great cocktail and drink menu, including a decent whisky selection. The food was also great, they have Indian classics but also a nontraditional fair.
Very interesting, eclectic Indian Restaurant in Yorkville with a decent wine list and upscale, hip vibe. Background music was too loud to enjoy a pleasant conversation. We even asked for them to lower the volume. Food is typical Indian fare at somewhat inflated prices. Among the four of us we shared six dishes -- most were decent, but two were not very good at all... not surprised that we saw no Indian people dining while we were there.
This is my go to place for a drink and delicious Indian food any night of the week! The drinks are really inventive and there is a massive list which I'm currently working my way through. The food is savory and flavorful Indian food perfect for a cold night with some creative modern twists. Molten chocolate cake was amazing. If it's your birthday and they catch wind, the entire restaurant will be celebrating with you in a matter of minutes. The decor and ambiance is pre-independece British colonial India with old black and white Indian films playing the tv. This place has so much character and is such a unique find even in this city! The only downside is everyone else feels that way so it is always packed so better to go on a weeknight.
Cocktails: 3 starsFood: 4 StarsDisco ball lighting up the entire place while the stereos blast everything from Indian pop to Enrique to Sinatra - 5 stars.
The Lady Mountbatten was one of my favorite cocktails of all time. I ordered three, fully priced. Can't wait to return for another. The food was good, but the cocktails and the friendly bartender were really the highlight of this establishment for me. Food: chicken tikka masala was respectable, though I found the chicken to be a little dry and the saag paneer was tasty but a bit spicy and lighter than I prefer in the cheese to spinach ratio. I'll be back to continue exploring the menu. It was a lovely experience overall.
Seems like a good date spot.  Came here for my friends bday- many couples & couples to be.  Had a problem with the food but the manager promptly fixed it for us.  They gave us birthday cake with sparklers on the house.  Service was excellent.  Manager (a Jamaican gentleman) made sure it was a great experience.  Indian / colonial food - all delicious.  Amazing drinks.  Worth it just to stop in for the drinks.  A cozy spot.  Be sure to make a reservation if for more than 2 or 3 people on peak hours Friday night.
Had our first dinner at the restaurant last night. And in 2 short hours chef Chetan Patil, has taken this restaurant in the upper east side to the top of our list for indian restaurants in NYC, in fact in the US!! And this comes from someone who lives in Nomad and has "Curry Hill" , Junoon and many other big brand names in his backyard.We ordered the crispy okra, Sindhi fish curry, Luchnowi meat balls and the Lamb Biryani. Every dish was authentically prepared and served but highlight was without doubt the lamb Biryani - we haven't such Biryani sine the old days at Tulsi!! And given that we have just returned after 2 months in india, you can imagine that we don't say this lightly!!Look forward to many more delectable meals at the Drunken Munkey!!!Arun and Rina Nayar
DON'T MISS THE CHANA MASALA.This place is so good I could not stop eating. Literally. The naan is the best you'll have, it manages to be crispy but incredibly soft at the same time. It's not often that I don't need butter on my bread but this time no butter was needed. It is perfect for making sure no tiny drop of sauce is left on your plate. I promise you will want to lick the plate, but you won't because this is a high class place and the waiters aren't just nice and professional but really cool, that's where that naan will come in handy. I had the butter chicken tikka masala (I told you about my butter thing right?) and it was absolutely delicious. WOW. My roommate had the Bagara Baigan and it was just a little too mild in our taste but a very creamy dish. On the side we had crispy okra, so very delis. But I have saved the best till last, the best dish in the whole world I suspect: Chana Masala. Don't miss it. DON'T MISS THE CHANA MASALA. (I'm actually going to put that sentence at the beginning of this review.)Apparently the cocktails here are very good as well. I might HAVE to come back since I didn't have any alcohol with my food on this Tuesday night. The place was packed. Probably a good idea to have a reservation on weekends.
What a wonderful restaurant with the most hospitable staff!My husband and I came here for our New Years Day wedding anniversary and had the most splendid dinner. The food and service was amazing!I would definitely recommend making a reservation; this establishment is popular.
I went here about a year ago on a Friday night. We had to wait about 15 minutes because we didn't have a reservation- to me this is strange for a restaurant in yorkville especially so far off by 1st avenue. But the space itself it's intimate and cutely decorated and small. Out waitress was attentive and recommended the blueberry cocktail because it was their sweetest. It was good but not really that sweet or fruity and it took forever for me to finish. I ordered the butter paneer tikka masala which was great but I felt it was a bit too pricey. I've had much better for far less money and I very quickly ran out of rice because the portion was smaller. It's a cute date night kind of place, but it's not a place I actively would seek going to unless someone specifically wanted to try it out. There are much better Indian food restaurants within Manhattan and queens. But if you're seeking romantic ambiance and good Indian food, relatively far from the subway, this is the place to go!
Service was great, food was excellent and we had fun.  We will definitely come back again.
Delicious. Tandoori chicken is amazing. Happy hour specials are substantial and great prices. Will definitely be back!
Tasty food, delicious wine selection and fun ambiance.  This place is being put in regular rotation.
Visited New York for a weekend and this was one of our food stops. I had the Shrimp and Clam Biryani and it was to die for! Amazing food, amazing drinks. My mouth is watering just writing this review. Check it out.
I love this place! Love the food ambience and service. It's unusual to get good service in an Indian restaurant if you're brown but this place is just awesome.
This was our second time at the  Monkey, and it did not disappoint,  yet again! Their drinks are always delicious, and unique and their food is just phenomenal. But their service is my favorite! It was my wife's birthday and without even mentioning it or asking , they brought out a dessert with music and lights and a giant sparkler candle for her! It was the perfect ending to our night! The booths are a little tight for larger parties but it's worth it to squeeze in!
First time to this restaurant, it wants to be a bar more than a restaurant, music was too loud. Host was very good, accommodated us without a reservation. The vegetarian food was taste but portion very small for the price. The chicken was tough and dry, but sauce good. I would come back for a drink since that is the only way to sit outside. Odd that papadam isn't on the menu. This restaurant has good potential, just needs some fine tuning.
Tasty, tasty authentic foods, nice people, bar and restaurant combined, good atmosphere. Good value, not big portions, by ok. Recommended and will plan to return.
I was dreaming of the chicken tikka masala from the local takeaway in the English town I grew up in, so I did some research and found this place to try and satisfy my craving. It's a nice and cozy space with monkey decor (check out the lights). We ordered the chicken tikka masala and pork vindaloo with a side of crispy okra. The portion sizes may seem small when they arrive, but we found that it ended up being the perfect amount of food for the two of us. The pork vindaloo wasn't as spicy as I'm used to, but it had a nice kick and the flavour was good. The chicken tikka masala sauce was just what I wanted, but the chicken itself was rather dry. I could have almost just eaten the sauce by itself with the naan that came with the dish. The crispy okra was crunchy and not oily - it was like a bar snack that went perfectly with beer.The only negative thing was that we realised at the end that we hadn't received the daal that was supposed to be served with the main dish. I asked the waitress about this and she said, "Oh, you have to ask for that. A lot of people don't want it so you have to ask." Um...really? It's clearly stated on the menu, plus the table next to us received theirs, yet we're supposed to ask for it? Or did you just forget. She then quickly backtracked and asked if we wanted to take some home with our other leftovers (the okra, huge portion). The kitchen kindly gave us a full cup of daal to take home and it tasted pretty good the next day, although a bit watery.So, the food was tasty enough for us to return but the service wasn't too desirable. We noticed they have a sister restaurant in midtown so I think we'll try that next time.
Made the mistake of dining here with a friend who is a border line white supremacist and felt the need to constantly remind me of the Indian restaurants bold colonial tones as a marker of European colonization being the "best thing that ever happened to the world". Maybe I was distracted but I'm very familiar with Indian food. While nothing was horrible, nothing was fresh or authentic either. For dinner we had the railway chicken curry with dhal, and channa on the side. The chicken was OK at most--wasn't nearly as good as my grandma's. It's only savior was the cardamom and pepper (which really makes anything taste good so it really doesn't count). The channa had no salt, only WAY TOO MUCH PEPPER and I typically walk around with hot scotch bonnet sauce in my bag just in case there isn't enough. The channa was so hot my friend's face turned red and he started choking. The Dhal was very watered down with no seasoning. For dessert we had the halwa and seviyaan. They were both burnt which was surprising to me as I've been eating both for most of my life in all different varieties and have never had it burnt before; hot or cold. Upper east siders rant and rave about this spot, I was disappointed. Probably won't be back again.
Top notch unique experience here. Service, drinks and food are up to the highest standards. However, someone help them with the music playlist please especially on a Friday night!!!!
Small, tightly packed space with great Indian food at very reasonable prices. This may be the most flavor available in Yorkville on NYC's Upper East Side, not a neighborhood known for spice. Amazing fried okra. Actually, all sides were fabulous; perfectly cooked and seasoned. Mains come with great mix of extras; rice, naan, raita, lentils. No need to order like in many similar spots. Service a little haphazard and beer list bore no relationship to actual availability, that said this is now my new favorite restaurant if I ever find myself this far from home again.
Automatic 5 because of delicious food and ambience, but they really won me over with service.  We ordered a Paneer Makhani and got a Saag Paneer (no big deal, both delicious) and told them not to worry about it, but they brought out the Paneer Makhani too and didn't charge us for the extra dish!  100% coming back.
Wonderful Indian food and thoughtful cocktails, as well as a few good craft beers, in a small but very beautiful and warm restaurant. We were staying at a local hotel and were wandering around looking for somewhere to eat. From a distance, there was a warm glow spilling onto the sidewalk. In front of the restaurant, there were small benches and tables with candles, bathed in warm red lights, set up for those waiting for seating inside. The inside itself was beautifully decorated and had a very warm glow. The music was highly varied, covering traditional and pop Indian music sprinkled in among the mostly American rock and roll.All the food was superb, the cocktails were well made, the service was rapid and friendly.Prices in line with comparable NYC venues. Not outrageous, but certainly not cheap.
Visiting NYC for a long weekend. Went to the Drunken Monkey first on a whim, because of the name. Stayed for dinner (I had lamb biryani, partner had the chicken one) and it was so great we came back a second time!Food is superb and the service is perfect - friendly, attentive - and both times we received complimentary dessert from the kitchen!I highly recommend it!
This place is a total gem! I went to Drunken Munkey with an old college room mate and we had a blast. We did not order food but we could see from the bar that everything was being made FRESH! We sat at the bar and ordered drinks. The bartenders Juan and Amanda were so pleasant! I will def be  back and also the drinks were VERY decently priced!
I came here with some friends on a Friday night after work. I love the decor and the atmosphere which was pretty live. We had already had dinner so stop for drinks but we still tried an appetizer which was a chilli toast I believe. It was pretty delicious would definitely back to try other dishes..
Drinks. Fantastic. Atmosphere. Funky, Original, Anglo Indian old school train car feel. Food. Perfect. Just go.Panni Purri. Weird and just yes.
Decor is cute. Food is OK. Service was mixed. I asked for spicy, but received a bland pad thai, I then had to ask for additional hot peppers. I asked what beers they had, I was told to look at the menu... which I would have, but I'm 43, and in low lighting my near sight is poor, which is something I didn't want to explain to a waiter or my date. The male waiter was better, and more attentive.
FOOD - 4Cocktails - 4Service - 1I've been here a couple times now... I'd probably go back, but I need to take a break to forget about my last experience. this place is way too pretentious for what it is. At the end of the day it's an overpriced, upscale Indian restaurant with a decent cocktail list. I am more than happy to pay a few extra dollars for the added ambience and better service than your standard Indian restaurant, but don't try to be something you're not...Three ridiculous run-ins with the manager:1. Two of us arrived, and were seated, stating that our third was on the way, right behind us... He ended up running pretty late, and we were starving. We asked if we could order an appetizer and were denied, stating that it is the chef's policy to order the entire meal at the same time... WTF, we are hungry, give us some phucking food! 2. when my friend finally did arrive, he took off his sweatshirt / jacket and hung it over his chair. The manager promptly came over and removed it and went and hung it up on the other side of the restaurant, even though my friend asked if he could please just leave it on the chair.3. I ordered a couple cocktails and sipped them down, then decided I wanted to switch to a beer to have with the meal. I ordered an Anchor Steam, and asked for it in the bottle. I was told it was against their policy to serve beer in a bottle, and it had to be poured in a glass. I literally laughed out loud and stated how ridiculous that sounded. So, the waiter asked for the manager to come over, who I had the same conversation with, and he said he had to check with the owner / chef. Finally, 10 minutes later I was served my beer in a bottle, as requested.this place really needs a reality check. they need to realize that we are paying for their service and not vice versa. the motto the customer is always right never entered the door here. they are rigid and have ridiculous policies that they believe add to their bullshit ambience... Wake up!
Trendy spot with creative cocktails and great food.  I have only been once but am dying to go back!
Drunken munkey is a cozy little spot on the upper east side which through its decor and food immediately transports you back to the Colonial British India era! Stocked with a full bar they have some fabulous cocktails. What stole my heart was the delicious chili cheese toast. Took me straight back to my childhood days. The thick bread crust topped with melted cheese is scrumptious. The Paani Puri authentic needs to be eaten quickly as it can get soggy real fast. Personally I would have loved a little punch in terms of the spice level. For the main course I tried the butter paneer. It's served with hot crispy naan, rice, a small portion of yogurt & some pickled onion and a green chili. The naan is light,crispy and fresh off the oven. The paneer dish itself is lip smacking in terms of the gravy but disappointing when it comes to the actual pieces of paneer. I found the paneer to be a bit hard and chewy! The server conveyed the same to the chef and I was told, that was the consistency they were going for. Never heard that excuse from a chef and it certainly didn't work for me!! They were kind enough to change the dish and instead I ordered the butter chicken meal. The butter chicken had the same scrumptious gravy. The pieces of chicken melt in your mouth. Packed with flavors this is probably one of their best dishes. The chicken biryani was a let down. The dish uses short grain rice which broke down in cooking. Missing the rich flavors of a biryani. The accompanying yogurt is fresh and refreshing. The vegetable korma with big chunks of vegetable not very appetizing. Crispy okra makes for a good starter. Thinly sliced and fried to perfection, this dish is filled with flavors and a good start to your meal. I'll give drunken Munkey full points for its amazing decor & good service. Some of the dishes are good but not the best Indian food I've eaten! This location definitely serves better food than their newer Royal Munkey location! Would have given it 3.5 stars had that option existed! It's a great spot for a date night or just to have some good chili cheese toast :)
I love this place!!!! My new favorite discovery!! SmAll  and quaint Great food!! Great service'. The minute you walk in the gentleman at the door takes your coat and makes you feel welcome. The bartender is friendly and very attentive. This was my second time there and I am telling everyone I know about it!! Great food with a great fun, friendly atmosphere!! I will be back and you should as well!!! You won't regret it, I promise!! All I can say is YUMMY FUN!!
Found this place through yelp. Most def lives up to its expectations. Rita was amazing and we couldn't ask for a better service and amazing food. Thank you much Rita for making not only a great dinner but an amazing memory.
Really great versatile Indian food with a British twist. Cool tunes and service was great. You haave to try the Paanch!
My fiance and I have been here probably 15 times since Drunken Munkey opened.  There really isn't anything comparable to this place.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NYC... Everything is great.  We almost always start off with a cocktail.  My favorite is the Bramble and my fiance gets something different each time. We typically start off with the Stuffed Simla Mirch, which seems to be an indian take on a stuffed pepper.  so good!  We'll also sometimes get Paneer Tikka which is also really good. For main courses, I highly recommend the Goan Pork Vindaloo, the Saag Paneer, and the Butter Chicken Tikka Masala... can't go wrong with that.  The portions don't seem too big at first, but trust me, you'll leave full.  The atmosphere is very unique.  The cozy dining room and bar area are decorated in imperial British / Indian decor.  It has a speakeasy vibe going on.  Don't miss the monkey butler chandeliers...  they are very cool.  Overall, I couldn't recommend this place enough.
Awesome Indian food, never tried this type of food, it was a really nice a calm environment , really recomend it and not expensive at all ..
The food is great. Your standard Indian platter with standard items. The quantity is quite less. And they definitely didn't treat us right in terms of service. Made us sit on the smallest table cuz everything else was reserved but the restaurant itself was empty. And it mostly remained empty till we left. Good place for drinks after casual Indian food experience. I would save my money and go somewhere else next time though
Wonderful vegetarian dish! I had the fresh vegetable dish which was similar to a Yummy curry. The fried okra was also a good starter but it wasn't as great as I read in the reviews. The pimms cup was a good drink but the alcohol was very limited. I ended up getting a glass of wine. The desser that was similar to a carrot cake was a hit also. I would go back!
The food is excellent. Very authentic. We tried the biryani and butter panneer for our main courses and had okra and pani puri as appetizers. Fried okra is truly amazing..a must have!The drinks and ambience are also very nice.They offer weekly specials that vary every night. if you are going for dinner on a weekend we would recommend the main course suggested on the menu. You will get the best value for your money
NYC's finest much? I mean I just love them. Best Indian food. My husband is Indian and I'm Pakistani-American, so you know we know our tastes in d'eau food. If you want elegant, sophisticated, catered to the general public without lacking authentic taste, and wonderful service, then Drunken Monkey is the place to go! Butter chicken is what you want to get if you're there for the first time. The pre-fixe is a wonderful option! The cocktails are super yummy too. Will always being going here, it feels like we've become regulars even though we live up in Washington Heights. Yup we come all the way down to the upper east side just for this place.
Usually indian food makes me feel overly full because it is just so darn delicious and I cannot stop stuffing my face. This place, however, handled portions a little more on the reasonable side so I wasn't dying at the end, which I guesssss is a good thing. Atmosphere and décor is nice and cozy. Their happy hour is buy two get two drinks free and you can share the deal amongst the table which is great because usually other places would not allow that. Their cocktails were well made with fresh ingredients. I got the Bramble and the blackberries were both sweet and tart and there were tons of it in the drink. Delish. Friends got the dark and stormy and seems like they liked it as they got two rounds of it. Appetizer - Crispy Okra -thinly cut with the nice flakey crunch. Main Dish - Lamb Shank Rogan Josh - Creamy brown curry with a good amount of lamb. It came with Naan which I think was the best thing I ate at the restaurant honestly. Also came with rice and a side sauce of creamy lentil. That creamy lentil was amazing to top over the rice. The food and service overall was good. I thought maybe it could have used a tiny bit more spice (maybe some more salt and/or heat) in the dishes but I still devoured the whole thing.
Food was okay. Usually better this place never serves bad food. My thing I was so weirded out by the bartender. She seem to had to force herself to help me and started sounding like a robot. This started the moment I walked in.
it's my 4 time in that restaurant and so far it's one of my favorite in the upper east side.good service.nice vibe. excellent food.
Oh yes, this place is a great spot to celebrate a late 20's birthday. They food was amazing and pretty fulfilling. The cuisine is Indian, so if you're a vegetarian this is your place to spurge on. I would say I would like to come here again, maybe for date night.
Surprise surprise.This place was not what I expected. I thought it was a rinky dink bar and was okay with the thought of getting a poorly made whiskey ginger...boy was I wrong.This Indian themed restaurant is quaint (yes that means small), charming (yes that means there's a door man), well lit (you know what that means), and calming.I was greeted at the door, the gentleman offered to house my gum bag while I sat at the bar and perused the happy hour menu. I made it just intime (630 was  the cut off time) and the special was, buy two get two free...BOOM!The drinks were different but that doesn't mean bad. My first (see pics) had a hint of orange peel and was smooth with a little sweet, the 2nd was just sweet (no bueno). For my free 1st I repeated my first and my free 2nd I got Lady Mountbatten and I was in love.Cash and credit spot with a almost-perfect bartender, prompt wait staff and curry shrimp that would make you rethink ALL the overcooked garbage you've eaten before. That sh!t was amazing!!!Drink # 1- Don't recall 4/5Drink #2 - Pimm's No. 1 Cup (too "juicy" flavored) 3/5Curry Shrimp - Amazing with the tamarind sauce 5/5Drink # 3 -  repeat of my firstDrink # 4 - Lady Mountbatten 5/5Maitre d' - (couldn't pour wine but I guess that wasn't his job) 4/5Bartender - 4/5Prices - 4/5Ambiance - 4/5Bathroom (shit was spotless) - 5/5I'll be back :)
Incredible. My wife and I are in town visiting our son and his wife. They live on the Upper East Side and tonight took us to The Drunken Monkey. They were worried if we would like it. It was incredible. I had the short ribs with smoked mashed potatoes, my wife had biryanis (shrimp and scallops).off the charts. Outstanding atmosphere with a nice variety of specialty cocktails. We live in Iowa, but next time we're back to visit this will be among our stops. Can't go wrong.
Amazing good, service and ambience. We love Indian food (We are Indians as well). The food was delicious. Great cocktails choice. Ambience was trendy and unlike the traditional Indian restaurants.
Just tried to go here for dinner with my husband and baby with a small stroller but was basically rejected. This place was not crowded and there were three empty tables. The Indian man in a suit not sure if he was the manager but did not even attempt to accommodate us. We asked if we can place the stroller close to the table and they said no . Don't come here if you have a stroller or want management who doesn't care to make seating available. We have come here in the past and now definitely don't plan on returning.
Great food, amazing cocktails, wonderful service, and a nice cozy location. I'd recommend this place to anybody in the area.
Very impressed with this place....for several reasons:1) The drink selection is amazing! I had some of the best cocktails here! I'm usually a beer drinker, but this place may convert me over...2) the FOOD! I'm indian, and a pretty big critique when it comes to South Asian cooking. I figured the food here would be sub-par since I suspected they put more emphasis on the drinks. Luckily, I was wrong! The food was equally deserving of the 4 star rating. Interestingly, they serve all dishes individual, which is a non-traditional way to serve indian food (usually family style). Each entree came with naan, rice, and a table serving of daal. Although it was harder to share in each other's dishes, we all agreed that we enjoyed the food! I tried the butter chicken (similar to CTM) and also the lamb dish....both were good. Also, you HAVE to get the crispy okra for the table .... absolutely delish!I'll def be back, often!
Had one of my best evenings in New York at this place. The food is good despite the menu being anglicized. The bar is extremely well stocked (order the Amrut and thank me later).
This Munkey serves Indian Food like nobody else! A quaint little place in the upper east side of Manhattan, Drunken Munkey is a unique Indian food cum Bar restaurant. Surprisingly, their food is as good as their cocktail which is a kind of rarity especially in Indian Restaurants. Adorned with munkeys (not monkeys!) all over the place, the restaurant has an interesting decor. You will spot a Munkey Chandelier, a greeting monkey on the outside and a coat stand with monkey faced nails- yes it's that Monkeyish! But it's all tastefully done! While ordering the food, take a special note- they serve Indian food in platter style. Like I ordered Paneer Butter Masala and it came in a mini Kadhai (wok) along with a small handful of rice, raita (yogurt), Naan and daal. But you can always order sides along with entrees for half the price. Like we ordered Chana masala ( for 6$). But considering the quantity, it's best to order one entree per head. Overall, it a novice idea to experience Indian food!
Finally a place that satisfied my craving for briyani! Lamb briyani is to die for! Nice little place for brunch.
The food, service, and cocktails were excellent. My friend and I arrived almost 10 minutes early for our reservation. We were promptly seated and given water. Our waitress greeted us a short time thereafter. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing. Our drinks were well made. The fried okra was fantastic. The food was nicely seasoned. The restaurant was very busy; I never felt rushed or neglected.  I had a great experience.  In the evening, I would suggest making a reservation.
This restaurant is fantastic! I came here with two friends for dinner. I had the butter chicken, which was very flavorful. My friends had the lamb, and they were both raving about it. Not to mention, the presentation of the food is also very aesthetically pleasing.What really stood out to me was the service. We were here on a Saturday night and the place was really busy (someone was having a birthday party), thus our food came out slower than usual. Our server apologized by giving us complimentary chickpeas.Overall a very fun restaurant, great music, great decorations, and great food.
We love this eclectic little Indian restaurant ! The food is terrific. I always order the vegetarian curry.. Perfection . Just the right amount of food for an entree.They also have curated cocktails and hard boiled eggs at the bar... Very English.It's small and cozy. Try it with confidence!
The food isn't much to write home about. Tiny tables. Too crowded. The cheese chili toast and Dahi puri were both salty. Main courses were good but not outstanding. I was curious about the place but the atmosphere made me feel tired. The drinks were great though. Maybe skip the dinner rush and just go there to pregame.
Crispy okra! Mark my words and order that with your cocktail. Like little potato chips, salty, mixed with fresh onion and a bit of cilantro, this is an innovation not to be missed.The Drunken Munkey is a one-room bistro with Indian mixology, great curries and more paraphernalia from the Raj than you can shake a cricket bat at, including cricket balls as doorknobs lol. A dozen tables plus another ten bar stools, you might pack 50 people into the Munkey but they better be good friends. Enough description, another fine app: paani puri, little crisp shells that are delightful little delivery devices for a bit of potato and a pool of tamarind sauce. One bite is both crunchy and hugely flavorful, yum. Eat them before they go soft!Yes, cocktails. Anastasia declined to make the complicated Indian drinks so we went with classic gin & tonics instead. Prolly the finest G&T I've ever had, served in a cut-glass tumbler with a lemon twist and a silver spoon-straw cocktail thingy, excellent. But $14. Ouch. Happy hour is buy 2, get 2 free so bring a friend!Entrees are Anglo-Indian curries, choose from lamb fish or chicken. Every plate (as so many have noted) comes with rice, naan, raita and an adorable tiny pitcher of dal on the side. All had a bit of heat but dumbed down, none were even American medium spice. Vegetarian rating: 3 stars, surprisingly few veg options, yet altogether typical for Anglo-Indian fare where meat and vegetables were often mixed together.Nothing on tap. Very easy to run up a big bar tab here. Don't say I didn't warn you!For a sweet ending we sampled the carrot halvah and the rum ball. Both excellent but I give the edge to the carrot concoction, worth the sugar.
I generally don't write reviews, but my horrendous experience at this place demanded me to create an account and write one. A group of 10 of us headed there for Saturday brunch with unlimited drinks. Firstly, about the food, (which is not the bad part of this review): the pilafs were pretty good along with the lamb burger. Paneer dosa was alright. Now, imagine you are out for unlimited drinks with your friends and you've had 2-3 rounds and when you asked for another, you were accused by the bartender for being alcoholics! Yep. That is what happened. We asked our server for another round and she said that was the last round, even though last call wasn't for another half an hour. We asked if we could have 2 in that case, but she said they didn't do that. We thought that was that. We'd get our last round and be done. However, the bartender then came over and said we couldn't have 2 rounds and that we can't just "drink and drink and drink". I'm sorry, but we've had bottomless drinks at other places and never has this happened, because THAT IS THE MEANING OF UNLIMITED. I understand if we were acting drunk and causing a ruckus, but we were not. Anyway, he tried compensating by getting us free dessert later, but yeah, I'm sure they were only trying to get rid of the last batch before throwing it out. Apparently disrespect is a dish best served cold. Sooooo, do not plan on having a lovely brunch with unlimited drinks here, lest you want to feel like you belong in AA.
This place is fun and such a cute and cozy hole in the wall...it reminds me of an intimate classic old-fashioned British pub with an Indian twist. All of the people who work here are incredibly friendly and professional. The food is delicious and there are lots of veggie options.Really enjoy coming here and recommend, especially for locals with friends and family in from out of town.
Great meal here!! Let me start by saying I have only had Indian food once before and was for some reason a bit reluctant about trying it again... I am now obsessed with Indian food thanks to this place! Our friends proposed trying an assortment of dishes and we shared :Fried okra ie okra fries really flavorful and tasty Lamb byryani which was amazing my favorite dishButter chicken really flavorful Fish curry this was good but so flavored I couldn't really tell it was fish which kind of weirded me outLamb meatballs this was pretty good although I feel like it was very Americanized This is the place to come for a birthday, must have been 4 bdays total during our dinner! They bring out a dessert with a sparkler in it and play this loud awesome Indian song! Lots of fun!
Prawns were pretty soft and ordinary. Chicken wasn't great but curry had good flavours
More of a cross between Anglo-American and Indian snack food, this is a very small, bordering on overly-crowded, trying-to-be-hip restaurant.  The drinks are decent, but not at the level I would've expected. The Indian spiced old-fashioned tasted like an old-fashioned, but was missing the Indian spice flavors.  Menu is very small, so don't expect "something for everyone."  Fried okra appetizer was served cold.  Was that right?  Did they open a bag of "fried okra" and stick on a plate?  Avoid.  Whole prawns as an appetizer came two on a sizzling plate.  Thick and tasty, with the head staring at you, was above average, and had a nice char grilled flavor.  The lamb curry dish, quail appetizer, tandoori chicken, and fish curry were all "good," but not great.  There wasn't any particular dish that I would run back to order.  Overall experience is a basic three stars.PS.  Be warned; nothing for kids and no substitutions.
This place is top notch.. food, drinks, service everything.. best part is, it's a lively place and not too quite as some of the other cocktail bars in the city.. fun times.. make sure you celebrate someone's or your birthday here.. there is a surprise..
This is just one of those spots it's hard to see working anywhere outside of New York City. An Indian cocktail bar? Awesome. I mean, I'm willing to bet 80% of the country has no idea what naan is let alone paani puri or bagara baigan. But the fact that this is a legitimate cocktail bar with Indian flair is something you don't see every day. You see a lot of bartenders with ironic mustaches, suspenders, and homemade rhubarb tinctures... but they're typically not serving East Indian inspired drinks alongside fried okra and mutton seekh kababs.It's a small joint and off the beaten path a bit (92nd between 1st and 2nd Ave) so it's intrinsically a local's hang. But being a bit different than your standard concept, it's attracting a bunch of folks from far off 'hoods as well.If you're looking for a change up in your dining practices, pop by and check these guys out. It really feels like home (if your home was located somewhere in South Asia).
This is the best place for Indian food in the upper east side and amongst the best in Manhattan. The decor is aesthetically pleasing and the atmosphere entirely cosy, which makes it perfect for couples or old friends. As friendly as the rest of the staff is, the host Garret goes above and beyond his call of duty to make you feel comfortable and at ease the moment you walk in the door. I have recommended this establishment to friends and family and have been several times myself, and it never disappoints. This review wouldn't be complete without mentioning the cocktails. If you like a great cocktail, prepared to absolute perfection you have to try their signature cocktails and Anglo-indian twists on traditional classics. Prepare to have a great evening amongst good friends and great vibes.
Fantastic food.  Great service.  But make a reservation!  It's always busy, and very small inside.  When we arrived our table was ready but we didn't like the location.  So the host was kind enough to let us wait for a different table in a more desirable spot.  They are attentive, kind.  The server even asked if we had any allergies.  Highly recommend for a date or even a group.  Though it does get loud.
Did brunch here and they've got a great deal w. the beverages. My friend and I both opted for different dosas and both were fantastic. A lovely space with great service. The chutney and sauce per perfect with my lamb. Good coffee, lovely chai and cocktails, I would definitely come back.
Drunken Munkey is good for cocktails & good spirits,good interior design. This Review is based on only food we ordered Dhai puri for appitizer. It's ready made puffy mini bread has some indian spices with yogurt inside the bread. Yogurt was taste sour. We ordered the whole tandoori fish marination was not done good the spices was not infused with fish. you want to be marinate at least for 45 minutes for proper tandoori fish. This is first time in indian restaurant I ever seen not having the whole wheat Roti or chapathi in the menu I was surprised to hear it. overall experience was okay not bad. If you want to try a real indian food this is not your spot.
Excellent place to eat the food is absolutely amazing. Lived near there and first time trying, will definitely be back! :)
Came here expecting a hipster bar with faux Indian food. Definitely not your typical every day Indian joint with its trendy East India Company inspired decor and old Bollywood movies playing on mounted tvs. The atmosphere is romantic and fun and makes you want to eat, drink, and laugh amongst friends. The cocktails excel and the food is delicious. Come here with a date or with friends or on your own - you're guaranteed to enjoy yourself.
Overall, it was a good experience! I came here this past weekend with some friends for brunch. The restaurant was busy, which was not surprising considering its reviewed reputation coupled with the marathon occurring. It's on the smaller side, which makes for an intimate yet casual setting.We ordered coffee, orange juice, and the mango smoothie (lassi) for drinks. The OJ and lassi were very good. However, the coffee came in one mug for three people and they ran out before we finished our meal. The price for these drinks was OK at $4 a piece.The food was good! I went with the jumbo waffles (note: there's non-Indian fare available), but I was more interested in eating off my friends' plates. They ordered the Bombay Keema Dosa and San Francisco Paneer Dosa. The dosas were well prepared. The price per meal was not cheap at $17, but the portions were reasonable.I would come back here for another brunch, and I'm very interested in trying their dinner menu. I'll also have to order the punch I hear so much about during my next visit.
Ate here a few weeks back but I just had to leave a review! Came here with 2 girlfriends. We made reservations and even though we were late, they accommodated us right away.We had the chicken biryani and butter chicken. Coming from an Indian background, I thought the food wasn't very authentic but still very good.The drinks were delicious and Garrret Mitchell (Manager I believe)definitely took care of us. The service was unbelievable! They do a special in which a few tables get free dessert with sparklers and music. It was a nice yummy surprise.Overall the food was great, the drinks were delicious and the service was phenomenal. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for modern Indian cuisine with excellent service.
5 stars for a mixture of their food, ambience, service and simply every time I go, I have a great experience. The food is anglonized Indian food. But you come here for a stiff cocktail and some Indian styles snacks. Huge fan of their fried okra, butter paneer, and vindaloo. The servers have all been incredibly friendly, super mindful of individuals with allergies and very quick and attentive. Also do go for a birthday celebration, they bring the house down!
The atmosphere is amazing, intimist with really good music and decorarion. The food was delicious. Definitely recommend it. It was worthy of my 1st yelp review.
A cocktail bar combined with Indian food served until 2am, sign me up for it!!! Came here on a Friday night based on Yelp reviews for spots on the upper east. Turned out to be a gem located on the UES. Their cocktails have a great twist, my personal favorite was the Indian spiced old fashioned. And their food was quite amazing! Try the chicken tikka in the appetizers and chili cheese toast. Main course - the winner by a long stretch was the drunken monkey lamb biryani. Must visit while you're on the upper east or want good food while you're out late in the city with great drinks. The ambience is decent, and the hostess was extremely professional and gave us great recommendations. Will definitely come back here for more!
The food was good. The host was professional and a joy as well as our waitress. Despite all this they (another girl) dropped the check early and rushed us a bit even though he (the host) said we can have the table until 7 for my mothers birthday. It was about 6:20, not even close to 7. Wouldn't be a big deal but my mother wanted coffee and my brother wanted dessert. They should have at least asked. Overall I wouldn't go back because of this but I had a good time.
The Drunken Munkey is truly a hidden gem on the Upper East Side!  They have an incredible drink menu (try the Bramble) served by an exquisite staff!  The ambiance is superb and the food even better!  You couldn't ask for a better dining experience.  A must-try restaurant deserving every bit of praise that you'll read!
This place gives you a very unique experience because of the old British feel with a Bollywood touch through the old school Indian films they play during your dining experience. The lamb was great. Seasoned really well and pretty much melted off the bone. The CTM and paneer were pretty good ( standard at any Indian restaurant). The drink menu was really cool. Everything had a small Indian twist. I haven't really seen a drink menu like this at other Indian restaurants.The service was also very good. Our waiter was very knowledgable and accommodating with our small requests.  All in all, was a great experience! Next time I go I need to try the chili cheese toast!
I came here for my birthday. The place is actually very small. It's so small, they demand your jacket at the door for the sole purpose of preserving space. The service sucks. We had to ask the waiter for every little thing such as water, napkins, utensils etc. Their portions are also very small. HOWEVER! Their food is amazing!! Definitely the most tasteful Indian food I have EVER had besides the actual Indian food I've had from India. The way the spices are in their food, it's almost exactly like the food is in India. We ordered a bunch of appetizers that was absolutely amazing. I ordered butter chicken tikka masala, and that's what it tastes like. Butter chicken and chicken tikka masala is two different things but they combined it into one dish that was not that bad. My mom ordered a huge fish that she orders at every Indian restaurant and guess what? This one was bomb! My brother ordered a lamb biryani which was baked with naan over the top. It was the best tasteful biryani I've had since being in India. Then for dessert we had a chocolate ball cake that came with a huge sparkly and the loudest Indian music ever. It was really cute. Their drinks are extremely strong too. I ordered a cocktail with Dusse in it was basically pure alcohol! If you're in area and love Indian food you should definitely check this place out. Who doesn't love strong drinks and good food!
Great hidden spot with a nice atmosphere . Service and food fit the theme almost perfectly . The bar and the restaurant can turn in to a lounge atmosphere in the late hours . Great for an intimate night without having to go far .
Drunken Munkey looks from the outside as nothing extraordinary, especially when you're in the mood for some Indian veggie nom nom's - what's in a store front, right?  Enter here.My UES friend was meaning to try here, and what better place to try on a Lenten Friday.  The bar-like feel of the modest space definitely had an old Taj vibe, and made me feel like I walked into India in its glory days.  The candlers had three monkeys swinging from them, dressed in their best, and their cupped hands held the lighting fixture; very charming.  The tables, although closely spaced, added to the overall experience of what a place like this would really look like in India.The waitress staff had bindi on their foreheads; very subtle, and were very informed and attentive.  We ordered the pani puris to start, which were served chilled, which were flavorful and tasty bite size party in your mouth.  Entree, I opted for my usual staple of saag paneer, which was nicely plated with rice and naan already!  Huge plus not having to order those as additional sides, since they are so necessary with the dish.  Wonderfully seasoned, and the spice was there, but no overpowering; delightful for all tastes!My advice - go well before the dinner crowd - that way, you can get a table by the TV over by the left of the fully stocked bar, so you can watch some amazingly old Bollywood movies!  I'm drunkenly in love with you - stay this way!
Perhaps the most overrated restaurant on the upper east side. Had heard ravings about this place from my in the know friends for months -- the place apparently has a sterling reputation. However, upon arriving, the first thing we noticed was the pretentious yet unhygienic décor. The staff insisted upon themselves, and the food was underwhelming. The shrimp curry was greasy, and the shrimp had a strange rubbery texture. The lamb biryani was more of a pilao, and completely unauthentic. Worst of all, their much heralded ango-Indian style pork vindaloo was made with the very worst cuts of the pig, and was more of a korma than a vindaloo. The prices were nothing to sneeze at (unlike their overly peppered masala chai) either! Hard pass.
Incredible place.   This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.   My top two dishes are the butter chicken and Paanu puri.It's hard to go wrong at the drunken Munkey.  Great cocktails and lovely vibe.  I would recommend a reservation as it gets busy
I had the pilaf brunch special with the Mango laasi and chai tea. Simply great stuff and has not lost anything since the last time i was here more than 2 years ago for food.
Drinks were delicious. Food was amazing. cute cozy atmosphere. i will be returning...
Love love LOVE this place! I live a few doors down from here and its my go to place. The chef makes amazing DAL which reminds me of my moms cooking back in Mumbai and makes me feel right at home. The bartenders and servers are super nice as well. My boyfriend and I always talk about going to other places on Friday/Saturday nights, but we ALWAYS end up here because everything is just so good. The Pau Bhaji sliders are to die for along with the bhel puri and the (paneer pau- brunch only). My boyfriend's had the vegetable biryani with the naan on top and says its to die for! I honestly don't know what i can say about this place except it deserves more than the 5 stars I am giving it. Amazing drinks. Amazing food. and Amazing customer service. I definitely recommend reservations though, especially on a Friday evening.
Absolutely LOVE this place! I noticed it had several great Yelp reviews and finally made it to Drunken Monkey last night to give it a try... You are definitely in for a treat...First class service with a sexy atmosphere to boot!My boyfriend and I arrived around 8:45PM on Saturday with no reservation. We were immediately greeted by a host (I think his name was Arun?) who explained that there was a 45 min+ wait, but he said that he would take our names (via iPad, very cool) and it would "text" us when the table is ready. Because the wait was longer than usual, he generously offered to send us to the bar next door (Reif's Tavern) for 2 drinks on the house while we wait. Right away, I knew we were going to love this place. Out of all the long waits I've had in NYC, not once has a host EVER offered to comp drinks elsewhere to pacify the waiting customers! In just about 30 minutes (nowhere near the anticipated wait time) we received a text to come back to the restaurant as our table was ready. Woohoo! The food was absolutely delish and service was outstanding. The atmosphere is sexy and dark and great for a date night. We will definitely be back!
I highly recommend Drunken Munkey. The ambience and decor was funky and cool, the service was great, but the real star was the food.We had butter chicken and biryani and both were delicious. We had some sort of carrot pudding thing and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Both amazing, but the toffee pudding is a must have. We also had delicious appetizers and drinks. This place is fabulous!
This was my third time at Drunken Munkey. The ambiance, service, and food is absolutely exceptional. I recommend birthday parties here due to their fun restaurant-wide celebration. Thank you again for a wonderful experience and meal!!
Absolutely delicious! My husband and I went with another couple and at first we were all nervous about how spicy the food would be. The waitress told us not to worry that everything we order could be made mild and she was right, it was perfect for us. We got two apps, four entrees and about 5 drinks totaling to $152... not too bad for a nice dinner of 4.
We did not know what to expect arriving at The Drunken Monkey, but disappointed we were not. The woft of  classic indobritish cuisine slapped us in the face moments before I was blinded by the disco ball and funky cosplay atmosphere. Unfortunately, we left with the disappointment of a Caribbean cruise. Yah, the food was good but could obviously be better. The service was not bad. But the drinks were sub par. And while I originally felt a long lost connection with the place, it left me with a similar disappointment as the last Jason Bourne Movie.
Loved this place. The customer service is superb. Food is amazing. They have the best paneer tikka masala in the country!! Found it super crowded even in a Tuesday night. It's better to have a reservation. I read very good reviews about the drinks but haven't tried any yet. Definitely going back.
Atmosphere amazing, Chicken Tikka Masala meat was dry and I have tasted better in the city for cheaper and juicier CTM. Staff was friendly and there was even a nice gentleman who checked our coats. A little too cramped for me (and I am a thin girl myself)
Fabulous atmosphere, food, drinks, and service. We were greeted by one of the owners, Arun, who took our coats and sat us. He explained the menu since it was our first time there.We were impressed with the paneer tikka appetizer and all of our dishes (paneer tikka masala, saag paneer, and chicken tikka). The dishes came with the perfect proportions of naan and rice. The drinks were well-crafted- try the blackberry gin one! The house punch had an orange kick to it. Arun brought us over a carrot pudding dessert which was rich and delicious. The restaurant itself seats about 45 people plus maybe 8 bar seats so try to make a reservation since they do seem to get busy. I would definitely come back here. Go check it out if you haven't already!
A-OK is right.Nothing was wrong. Nothing was spectacular.I've been a few times as this seems a popular group pick in the neighborhood.  The whimsy and Indian pairing obviously is selling well, as it is always busy.The drinks are just ok- for a place that markets itself as a cocktail bar, I find it lacking.As for the food- I'm South Asian so I don't fall for the gimmicks. The food is very average. The appetizers are better than the entrees. Stand outs: the okra is really crispy and delicious. The naan is nice and fluffy.I guess the owner is making a point by hiring non-desi waiters/staff but perhaps they could be given a few lessons on pronunciation as it's painful to hear the way items are pronounced.
This was my first visit here but not my last. Intimate restaurant with great cocktails, really decent wine by the glass, and delicious food. The service was outstanding. My entree could have been a little hotter, but it was delicious and plentiful. Our group had a bit of an issue with loud music when we arrived (my pet peeve in a restaurant) and the staff was more than willing to adjust it. Great food, good conversation with people I love, and a most pleasant ambience made for a perfect evening. The restaurant is small, so make a reservation, at least on a Friday.
Ugh, I had such high hopes.  Short version: Waited 20 minutes past reservation to be seated and then another 70 minutes for food once the order was placed.  By far one of the worst service experiences I've had in my two decades of NYC dining.  There was nothing special or intriguing about the food.  If you go, choose a slow night.Long version: It was a Saturday night and I had earlier made a reservation for 9pm.  We arrived 10 minutes early, place was busy, but it's not huge, maybe 14-16 tables (which are a bit stacked on top of eachother).  A few people waiting outside as the place is so tiny, you can't wait inside.  Looked quite fun and I was excited to get seated and try this highly rated joint.Well, that's when it all started going downhill.  After waiting until 9:20pm to get seated (not really a big deal in NYC to get seated past your reservation time). I was starving and so we placed our entire order about 5 minutes after sitting down.  So that was at 9:25pm.  (Yes, I actually ended up writing all this down, sadly.)  Drinks were returned in decent time, maybe 5 minutes or so, but at 10:00pm, I asked what's up with the appetizer (the lamb kebab).  They said the kitchen was busy with the two tables sat just before us.  Really, two tables caused the kitchen to back up 30 minutes already?  I asked for them to bring us something from the order, and they brought the fried okra, which I for sure thought was going to be hot.  Nope, cold okra chips essentially.  Not that good.So, at 10:16pm, nearly an hour after placing our entire order, our appetizer finally shows up.  Seriously, nearly an hour!  And, at 10:31, more than an hour after our order, the mains showed up.  Chicken Curry and Chicken Tandoori were our mains.  Good, but not great.  Had good flavor but I was not really overwhelmed, certainly not after waiting over an hour for them.Anyway, I'd say don't waste your time, but if you do - go off peak.  They clearly cannot handle the rush.
Good food, great service and amazing cocktails... this is a hidden gem on the UES. Don't forget to ask for the spicy peanuts, they go really well with the drinks!
Fantastic place for Indian food!  I came here with a friend for her bday and we ordered the butter chicken tilka masala, fried okra and saag paneer!  All dishes tasted great and i had ordered the birthday rum ball not knowing exactly what that all entailed.   We both where chatting and the lights dimmed darker and darker and the next thing you notice is the music starts blasting out loud and out comes a rum ball with a sparkler going off and everyone clapping!  Great times and they even comped us on the rum ball and appetizer!
Delicious Indian food with amazing atmosphereAtmosphere: The ambiance was probably why I loved my dinner at Drunken Munkey. We were here for a double date with reservations -- which I highly recommend. It gets pretty crowded here and space is tight. Service: We were pretty early for our dinner but the hostess fit us in early and took our coats which was really thoughtful because we had on bulky coats! We did wait a few moments outside but they had a heat lamps so it was quite pleasant. Our server was perfect; informative, nice and speedy!Food: We had the paanch of the week. Chili Cheese Toast to start, family style of lamb biryani, butter chicken tikka masala, vegetable korma and shrimp curry. All delicious!!! The only thing I wouldn't get is the chili cheese toast but the other diners loved it.Overall: 4.7. The food was delicious and the service was on point. The space in general is a little tight like any other NY restaurant but they try their best to make you feel comfortable.
Loved the Anglo Indian cocktail concoctions! They were definitely on the stronger side. And they were all named in the British Era Indian style. Liked the veg biriyani and the appetizers, although they were out of the Banoffie Pie that evening. The decor was charming, very lounge-like. Great for date night dinner!
Pretty good place, nice decor, good service, food was pretty good, nice experience overall.  I just have one small negative comment, my husband was asked to take his hat off at this place, which is not a big deal, BUT drunken munkey is not exactly a fine dining restaurant so i just didn't understand that request, still had a good time here.
Probably won't be returning Drinks and food were good but people were rudeThey made us sit at the bar because all tables were "reserved". But the entire time we were there only two tables filled up.
Butter chicken tikka masala was amazing! Some of the best we've had. Very fresh naan and a great cocktail list. Crowded most of the time but just go to the dive bar down the street and have a drink while you wait.Was not a fan of the tandoori chicken for the $22 price tag. Chicken curry was good but the tikka masala was hands down the best dish!
Food drinks and service good. Smells a little like mothballs inside which is a little strange!
We went for a late dinner and this place was delish! Flush with monkey decor and Beatles decor, dark and hip vibe with great cocktails and great service. I had the Saag Paneer that was was so incredibly tasty. We also has the crispy Okra that was magical. I am not sure what the spice on it but it was very good! The Lamb Josh Rogan was also really tasty! Oh, and when they say the chile garnish is hot they are not kidding!!!
Overrated place with average food. Actually , it was quite terrible and don't bother getting their spicy drink aka bloody Mary . It's pretty shitty. 2 starts for the ambiance and nice server but rest is crappy
I usually don't write reviews, but this place is a gem.  The service was impeccable and the food was really something special. Their old fashion is great. The lamb was cooked perfectly. Great atmosphere!!! Cant wait to come back!!
My girlfriend and I were on our way to grab some dinner, and as we were walking by this place we thought why not try this new place. Definitely glad we did. This is now one if our favorite places to go . My favorite cocktail is the Scottish highlander. My favorite meal is the Lucknow meatballs. Give those a shot when you stop by!
