Being in New York for the first time you hear about the great Indian Food there is to eat. Having eaten there it's the best the people are friendly and they serve you with a smile.  The is amazing and all you want to do is eat everything.  This  new favorite place.
So I had a craving for Indian food today and decided to try Spice Grill for a change and, I must say, I am NOT disappointed! I ordered their samosa chaat with everything on it and SPICY! It's smashed samosas, boiled chick peas, topped with onions, tomatoes, coriander, tamarind and mint chutney all mixed up. It was delicious! I'm so happy, I logged onto Yelp just to write a review and I haven't written reviews in forever, lmao. It's a very clean place. They do have a seating area, but it is nothing fancy. This would be your quick lunch spot. Also, the staff was pleasant and worked quickly and efficiently. I recommend.
taste is ok as compared to other indian restaurant i came to NY with my parents and they wanted to eat indian food, so seeing average review i ended up here.I won't say I am disappointed, rest curry, chapati was good, but biriyani was mot very good. But if you really are looking for an indian restaurant right in the middle of that place, then its not a bad option
We were craving for Indian food after visiting Top of the rock. Found this place after looking up Yelp. They had various combos, south Indian tiffins and chat items. Prices were quite reasonable for Manhattan. We got the veggie combos and the chicken combo. Food was tasty, although I won't recommend the chicken tikka masala. It was very sweet and loaded with butter. The only negative aspect was the experience with the lady taking the order. She was desperate and was not giving us enough time to decide. It was very rude I thought especially when visiting with parents, since it was there first visit to NYC. She gave very odd looks, shrugged her shoulder repeatedly. It was not like it was rush hour, there were hardly any customers. I would not go next time just for the experience. It's sad since food was delicious and they had plenty of seating.
I am working in the city for the next cpl weeks so I'm taking advantage of the variety in cuisine. I love Indian so, when I found out that I would be in the upper west side, I took to Yelp to search for some nearby eats that I can try out for lunch and came across the good rating for this place.It's four blocks down from where I'm stationed so I took the short walk. They are pricey, in my opinion, but have some decent specials for the area.I had the goat curry lunch special for $10.95 and it came with two veggie sides, rice and bread. This seems costly to me because I know places by me that share the same price for AYCE. I opted for Naan bread instead of Roti, the Palak Paneer and Aloo Gobhi for my sides and the Pulao as my rice. I work in AC all day so, I promptly took a table in the front where it was warmer because the rear dining area was freezing.I was a little disappointed with the meat portion because I was given a few small pieces of meat and a huge bone with nothing on it and since the meal is already smaller, the should give a better and bigger serving of meat. I asked for some hot sauce and Raita and I think was charged for those condiments. It was good and filled me up for the most part because I skipped brekkie so, the job was carried out.
Ordered lentils soup, & Paneer in main course along with rotis. Soup was full of salt and the mains had no salt.  Had the salt been carefully used, and the gravy of paneer been properly cooked this place would have easily got 4* because they used almost all the right ingredients (could tell from the flavour) but in wrong quantities. They can certainly do better than this.
Although the place is simple and mostly geared for take-out, the food is fresh and delicious with good vegetarian choices. The staff is friendly and polite. I enjoyed my quick dinner there.
My meal was delivered, and it was nice n hot, and it was delivered pretty fast also.  The food was very good.  The Chicken Vindaloo was nice n spice the way I like it.  If there is one compliant it was there was no potatoes in the vindaloo...lol (too much chicken...lmao).  Will order from them soon!!!
Average food. Wouldn't serve cold water or even room temperature. Only served boiling hot water in a plastic cup.
We were looking for a place to eat before seeing a play on Broadway and decided on Indian. This restaurant was/is nothing fancy, but the food was good and staff kind. The fact there were other patrons of ethnic descent led us to believe their cuisine was the real deal.
Stumbled upon this gem on a Sunday roaming around the city doing shopping. As an Indian person I'm super picky about Indian food, as is my mom who was with me. We ordered several items to sample, including Chana batura, papdi chat, aloo chat, and dosa. Everything was fresh and delicious and very reasonably priced. We will definitely be back. This is not an upscale restaurant, so if you're in the mood for casual awesome food, this is a good pick!
Hands down not just my favorite Indian lunch spot but my favorite Indian spot in NYC. I've been to many places around the city (I'm limiting myself to Manhattan, Queens is a whole other level!) and this is the tastiest and best deal. I usually get the combo lunch (rice + 3 sides) although they have a bunch of other items like roti rolls, desserts, chai, etc. The cheese curry is so flavorful and creamy, and they make my favorite naan as well. The lunch deal is very good (good size and value for the money, I think it's about $9-$10 including tax), and just the right amount so I'm not sleepy at work. I go here all the time and am sad they are under renovation at the moment--can't wait for their big comeback!
I came to this place because it had 4 stars but that is very deceiving. This place was very poorly managed and had very bad customer service. The food that I ate felt like it came out of a frozen section. They had very little selection in the non vegetarian section. There are better places around the city which are very smaller and cheaper compared to spice.
By far the BEST Indian food in midtown.Been coming here for about 3 years, at least once a week.  Always consistently good, never any issues.  I hope I don't jinx myself.Their lunch boxes are the best deal for $12 you get a lot of really fresh delicious food, plus naan, and a bottle of water.Often times, there's Indian tourists in there straight from India eating with their hands (no forks or any utensils), so it feels really authentic and disgusting.  No joke.  But still fucking great food.A+
Great Experience!!!  My family and I were visiting Midtown, looking for a place to eat when we found Spice Grill.  I had never tried Indian food so I was intrigued with the possibilities.  We tried the buffet, which for $12.95 in Manhattan in a great bargain.  My favorite had to be the different varieties of chicken available.  Their varieties of rice are great also!  The staff is very friendly and helpful!  I will definitely try Spice Grill again when visiting Manhattan.
Ordered 2 hours ago with a delivery time of 45-55 mins ago, so I called and they told me I was being delivered, called another 30 mins later and they said they never got the order, wait what??? Then when I asked him if he could send something he says he is closed! What horrible customer service!
Good cheap Indian food and snacks. Their chicken samosa is an oily tasty little morsel of goodness. Pakodas are good too, and they make a killer masala chai. The food looks a bit iffy though, might try it when in feeling adventurous. Nice place for a light evening snack.
Subpar- got the bhel puri chaat which was alright and too spicy for medium. The chana bathura was kind of a saving grace- if I ended up back here i'd get it again.
I went to Spice Grill on a Thursday night. Since it was well after 4pm, we ended up partaking in their $12 buffet.The pricing was very good. A $12 dinner in the Rockefeller Center area for something that isn't a chain, fast food, or deli? That's near impossible to find. And on top of that it's all-you-can-eat, so if you're looking for a filling, affordable meal then this value is a standout.There were well over a dozen dishes to choose from (note that samosas are not included), including a good balance of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. I stayed away from the two spiciest dishes, but the other ones are on the mild side. Flavor-wise everything across the board was just okay - there were no standout dishes. None of the food was hot (in the temperature sense), probably because everything was sitting out cafeteria style. (Knowing this it may be best to go here just as the buffet starts as opposed to 7pm like I did.)One random thing that seemed impractical was where the rice was placed. Even though there's a clear order in which everyone goes on line to get the food, the rice is located in the middle of everything as opposed to near the front. I would expect that putting rice on top of the dishes (many of which are sauces that would otherwise pool at the bottom of the plate) would be a popular choice and it would make sense to have the rice more accessible.Service is minimalist here - they'll give you each a small plate of naan (otherwise it's not part of the AYCE selection), and pick up your used plates, but nothing else. I also don't think getting a cup of water was an option given the DIY cafeteria setting.I'm not too sure if I would go back here again. It's not worth making a special effort to go to, but on the other hand the price, location, and AYCE status may sway me to stop by again. I've definitely had better (brunch/lunch hours only though) Indian buffet experiences though at Darbar nearby and Seva in Astoria.
Decent value for the portion and bread (naan) included in addition to rice was a plus.Food was not so impressive.  I had tandoori chicken (good), spinach with paneer (OK) and aloo gobi (good).  It was not spicy which left me wanting more out of it.Did not appreciate having to buy bottled water either.
Very good food. A large variety of vegetarian dishes and 3 different kind of chicken dishes in the buffet. The naan  was freshly made! Excellent place with friendly staff.
Service is a little weird. I will give you an example: I finish my food and bring the dish to the server's station and the dude tells me to bring it back to the table. Odd. But OK. The buffet starts at 4:00 or 4:30.  I don't really understand how/why it starts at this time.  Are they selling left-over food from earlier in the day? Or does business slow down at that time and so they start the buffet?  The food does not look like the remnants. First time I went, there seemed to be a lot of little gnats that kinda took away from the experience. Second time I was there the gnats were a no show.  Both times I was stuck by the the quantity of dishes and how good everything tasted.  Despite this place looking kinda dumpy, with strange service, I have to say the food is excellent.
Don't call yourself spice grill if you're not spicy. The food is okay, nothing special.
Stumbled across this place with a big Buffet Sign out front advertising $12 all-you-can-eat Indian starting 4PM.The layout is a bit odd but if you can get over it, the food is awesome.SERVICE: The place is almost set up like a cafeteria, and there doesn't seem to be any waiters or table service. You pretty much get the food from the front and then sit down anywhere. You're responsible for throwing your own garbage away.You get a can of soda for FREE (self service) which is sweet, and someone brings over fresh naan bread when they see somebody new sitting down.THE FOOD:The buffet is pretty extensive and there's probably about 15 dishes to choose from - including 2 types of rice, vegetarian options, and different fish/goat/and chicken curries.They have a display for your typical Indian pastries like samosas but they are not included with the buffet price.The food has a ton of flavor and I think the star of the show are really the vegetarian dishes when it comes down to taste.I'll definitely be back soon
Former review was for dinner and it probably still stands. For dinner, I would say pass, but I haven't been lately.Lunch, on the other hand, has some great items. Their Sev Dahi Puri is one of the best I've had in the US. This isn't saying much as the quality is so poor in the states but at least this is yummy and edible. In short, stick with the chaat!
Quick and easy stop, not too pricey. You can eat in or take out. They have different combination meals to pick from. My palak paneer only had two pieces of cheese in it. Not the best but not the worst.
Avid Indian food fan. This was an ok restaurant. Average food. Service not good. An underage boy was serving us. Looked like he was 14. His supervisor was busy flirting with another waitresses. Don't care for this place much. Average food and bad service.
I'm a huge fan of Indian flavors and cuisine and this place was amazing (delivery).  Everything that I have tried so far has been delicious.  The chana masala, achari chicken and palak ghosth curry dishes are among my favorites and while the dishes are less spicy than the same dishes elsewhere the flavors are spectacular.  The achari chicken is so moist and the marinade is probably illegal because the chicken is so damn good.The price is right, too.  I've never dined in but I have walked by and it really doesn't have a vibe (thus not perfect 5) but I could eat delivery daily.  :)
You definitely don't come here for the atmosphere but one of the best midtown lunch Indian spots. The platters are always great and the portions are huge. It's a lot of food so beware a post lunch nap may be needed.
I already been here twice and both times excellent food. However, I was a bit disappointed as the 2nd time they ran out of goat curry and it's supposed to be a buffet. I didn't know that the first time the dinner buffet includes a can of soda. They also provide you with plain naan when you sit down for the buffet. I haven't tried their regular dishes since I love an AYCE for indian. The price is just right for the taste.
Fresh and delicious preparation.. huge selection in the buffet at reasonable prices-..
Spice Grill is great. Ordered it for lunch at my office & liked it so much I used their catering services to feed 200 guests at Day 1 of a conference I just hosted. People liked it so much we went with them again on Day 2. Indian two days in a row, not a single complaint? Sign of food well-made.Special shout out to Sunny, who was my point of contact for catering services. Super helpful in planning quantities and diversity of dishes.
I visited here once when i was in new York. The food is great. I ordered a combo with 2 curries. Also, mango lassi which did not reach my expectation but i can give a 4 star for it.
One of the best lunch options in midtown. Really appreciate how nice the staff is as well.
rip off and horrible customer service. $12 for chicken curry combo consisted of 2 pieces of chicken and 3 potatoes. the cashier tried to sneak an extra $1 saying she thought I had lamb though I told her 3x it was chicken vindaloo. the food used to be good but the they are stingy with portions and the people who work there so unpleasant, I am heading to Darbar or Joy or even a car then visit this place again.
Go there with an empty stomach and you won't be disappointed. The combo lunch was inexpensive and generous portions as well as tasty. Large Nash's are included. Then Mango lassi was pre-prepared but tasty nevertheless. The food was not too spicy for the kids. There was plenty of seating as well as bathrooms available in the back. They have a buffet that starts around 2p. The place was clean friendly and look like fresh food with a high turnover. This place is very close to the Rockefeller Plaza so when you get tired of walking around, just go to the spice grill and have a seat and fill up your belly. I would definitely go again and recommend to anyone for lunch or buffet or that kathi rolls. I can't comment on the meat since we had only the vegetarian dishes.
If you want dining atmosphere...you might need to go somewhere else.If you want  good Indian food...you need to come here!Unusual to find a buffet during dinner hours, typically a lunch thing, but happy to have found this place.Great selection of vegetarian and non- veg options that were all spiced perfectly. The creamed spinach with paneer was awesome!Fresh, hot items were brought out several times during my :30 minute visit at 7:00pm.Choice of several Indian beers makes this place my new go-to Indian spot while in town.
I like the food at this place. But, the people serving here except for a couple have no heart. We practically go here every alternate day or so for breakfast, tea, food or snacks. On asking for an extra cup so that I could split my tea with my buddy, the female at the checkout counter asked for 25 cents for a cup. We must have spent close to 1500 dollars on the food there. The food is good. The people working here sometimes disappoint and spoil the whole experience.They have a minimum credit card limit of 5 dollars. Just shows how much stingy the owner of this place is.
The food here is really tasty with great flavors! Most people come here for lunch or get food delivered. We went there for dinner before a Broadway show. It is a cafeteria style restaurant, nothing fancy, but the food beats most of the Indian restaurants that I've eaten at in the city. After 4:00 they serve an all-you-can-eat buffet for $12.95. Everything we tried was fabulous! Note that the only meat dishes in the buffet were chicken, everything else was vegetarian. You could still order off of the regular menu and get other meats or seafood. We sat down with our plates and they served naan bread to us, and brought us our mango lassi drinks ($4.95 each). Samosas and other appetizers are not included in the buffet. But there were plenty of choices in the buffet, and as I said, the food is terrific! Note that on Saturdays and Sundays, they close at 7:30 p.m. On weekdays they are open until 9:15 p.m.
Ordered from here yst..1. The Kathi Roll is NOT anything like the ones we get at Kathi Roll company... I ordered the paneer tikka kathi roll, it was a bunch of stir fry veggies with a few pieces of paneer tikka and some sauces..... It wasn't bad... But it was like a paneer wrap more than a paneer kathi rollAlso, I dint know they wud serve curly fries and salad on the side.... That was good
Near Rockefeller Center... Great option for lunch... Staff was very pleasant and food was fresh.... Will  return when I'm in the area...
the food here is tasty, I always find indian places to be cheap on tikka masala. can I get more chicken please? the chicken tikka was very spicy but had a good taste, I wanted to drink all the sauce! I also tried the samosas which were decent as well. the line gets long but moves quick. a bit of confusion on how to order/where to pay etc. we ordered out to go but ended up dining in. plenty of seating but you are sure to smell like curry afterwards!
Best Indian lunch spot in midtown. It's as authentic as it gets. If you sit in the back you can see half the IT departments in midtown are eating here.The daily lunch combo is a great deal, where you pick 3 dishes from the 15+ available. Just make sure you're ready for the food coma afterwards!The only weird thing is that this place closes down every few months and reopens under a new name but with the exact same staff and food.
Super delicious food, good variety of meats and very reasonable prices. On the weekend you can have the buffet for a mere $11.95 plus tax. Omg!!! Great deal especially for this area. Just had a chicken Kati roll with a side salad. An unexpected handful of curly fries were added to my roll.., so I was only able to eat half of my salad and half of my salad... And I got 20% of for ordering online!!!! Definitely while repeat for my meals while at work.
AMAZING!!!! Truly authentic Indian quality and the service is very good and warm welcoming and pleasant Its my second time back and the nann is insanely good!!!
Awesome !!!Went there thrice on my most recent NY trip. Usually try and visit different restaurants on my trip, but wasn't able to resist going back to this one.Had the same items on all 3 occasions and were spot on each time.Had the Dahi Puri  and the Paneer tikka sandwich which is actually a kathi roll.Haven't had as good a dahi puri in ages (Yogurt and mashed potatoes filled wheat crispies), not even back in India. The yogurt they used was really nice and sweet.And the Paneer Tikka kathi roll was way way better than what one would get at the kathi roll company.Prices were super reasonable/cheap for that quality and quantity.Would recommend this place to anyone without any hesitation.
Just returned from a lunch trip to Spice Grill - overall, not a bad mid-town lunch option, especially if you're short on time, that won't kill your wallet.Pros- Great service - I came along with two younger colleagues who had never ordered Indian food before.   The staff behind the counter was more than willing to help them through each option, letting them know spice, taste, etc.- Fast service - Didn't feel rushed, but made it in to order and through checkout in less than 3-4 minutes.  If you're short on time, it's not a bad option.Cons- Normal Quality Indian food - Not exactly a con, but the food isn't anything terrifically special.  It will fill you up, but it's nothing to call home about.- No water - A small nitpick, but they would not give one of my colleagues a cup of water.  Especially in a place with lots of spicy food, I don't think this was an unreasonable request.Overall - Great lunch option if you're working nearby and have very little time.  Beware at bringing back to your office though - it will definitely be noticed!
This place has reopened with (yet another) new name - "Spice Grill" - same owner, same staff, same awesome food. I'm here about once a week, I've never been disappointed. Huge portions, different choices daily, friendly service, free fresh nan with the lunch special - no matter what I choose, either meat or vegetable, I'm always happy. Great Samosa. The Kati rolls are great too, though I tell them to hold the curly fries (curly fries?). They even have Ka-Chori some days (if you don't know what that is, all I can say is you gotta try it) I tell you, for a steam table joint this place is awesome, let's see how long they keep their new name (lol)!
Awsome Indian restaurant. one of thr best in NY. Samosa's are really good. I tried idly, Kofta and Sag Alu. All of them were really good.
I really love the buffet & particularly enjoy the chicken tikka masala & saag paneer.  I like it with a lot of sauce on the rice & they prepare it nice.
I tried a variety of food from the buffet and it was all delicious.  Great food, friendly staff and great value.
I came here for a few times with my friend. Food is ok here but it would be better if it offer fresh vegetable type of food in lunch special.
The variety is very good considering it's a buffet on Rockefeller. But it's not super yummy, more like a fast food grade of Indian. The Curries are somewhat watery but could be understandable due to its buffet setup. It's like $14 tax included. About 16 with drinks.  Overall, it's okey. I've been to better Indian buffets.
Best indian food ever in Midtown. I always come here to get my lunch. Lunch box combo is best deal. Fresh n delicious. Mine favorite is chk tikka masala
Really good authentic Indian food. Fast food cafeteria style but really good and tasty.
Got the lunch buffet--$12 including naan and a can of soda. Got to try several items and everything was good. Unassuming, cafeteria-style, but no complaints!
If you like Indian buffet, and this one is not bad, go somewhere else in the evening. For the fourth time I came here in the evening and found the were having a function. Fine- but maybe don't advertise its available in the evenings then, stick with  lunch. Shame really because I like going there, and the times it's been available it was good. One star for frustration.
I ordered lunch via Seamless today using a $5 promo coupon. The food came exactly within the quoted time frame. While the lamb vindaloo left something to be desired, the muligatawny soup and dosa were really delicious. What turned me completely off, was the fact that when I called the restaurant about the bill which the delivery gave me to sign ($29+) which didn't include the $5 discount, the guy answering the phone told me I had to deal with Seamless and hung up on me. This was about 2pm in the afternoon - can't be attributed to lunchtime order frenzy, and is in any case inexcusable. I phoned my credit card company and found I'd eventually been charged for the correct amount, but it was such an aggravating experience that I won't order from here again. Pity, because I want a good Indian place near my office.
If you want really good Indian Food in a clean, no frills, place with friendly staff, this is your place. It is right near Rockefeller Plaza and we stopped at Spice Grill  on the way to the theater. We had the evening buffet and the food was terrific. We are Indian Food people....so we are fussy.  This is more like a cafeteria style place, but we were in a rush, didn't feel like paying $35+ for Prix Fixe near the theater and stopped here. Had a GREAT filling dinner of the vegetarian options. Really good fresh Naan. You know you are in a good Indian Restaurant when other Indo/Pakistanis show up to eat. Total bill with soft drinks for 2 was $28 (including tax). We will go back when next in NYC.
I ordered chilli chicken from this place, but be prepared they are going to mess your order! They are not going to follow your instructions. This place was called masala junction previously! Same people same place with a new name.
This place has the best tasting authentic Indian food. I recommend the butter chicken with rice, garlic nan, and Mango Lassi for a wonderful experience.
FOOD POISONING! I was sick for hours to the point of fainting just after eating their yellow dahl! DISGUSTING and horrifying. Stay away from this place or at least never order their lentils.
I went here for lunch yesterday and had their Malie kofta with some garlic nan bread. The nan bread was fresh baked rite out to the tandoor and on my plate, absolutely out of this world. I will definitely visit again.
kati rolls come with MASALA FRIES. so good.
Best Indian food around- and soooo cheap. And so quick! And people so wonderful!!!
