This was my first time ever having Indian food in my life and honestly, upon walking in I was skeptical. Not because of the atmosphere but taste. The restaurant was beautiful, super clean, an overall very fine decor. We were seated at a table and our waiter still offered us the happy hour bar prices which was super nice. I had a couple glasses of red wine which were so decadent and full bodied. I loved it. My friend had the white which he couldn't get enough of. We started off with the chicken 65 which was so good that I honestly could have licked the plate clean. Then for dinner he had the chicken masala and i had the butter chicken, to which we both added spice. BAD IDEA (But it was so damn good). I'm a heat fanatic so I was sure this would be right up my alley but they sure humbled me completely. The food was extremely tasty and I enjoyed my meal but nice time I'll be sure to add absolutely no spice to my meal lol overall it was an amazing experience and I will definitely be back! Also, the Naan was to die for, so fresh, so warm, so crispy
I am new to NY and wanted some good Indian food. The happy hour was amazing, the chicken tikka masala was delicious, and the service was fantastic!!
Great meal here with my family of four around 8:30 on a Wednesday. Seated immediately. Started with Pappadum and then enjoyed several dishes family style. Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Gobi and Garlic Shrimp Curry. It came with rice and garlic naan. The naan was amazing! However, the first naan (we also ordered a second) was supposed to be free with a check-in with Yelp and they agreed but then went ahead and charged us for it. Didn't feel like arguing about five bucks, so I didn't. They were very friendly and helpful with what to order. Only complaint was we had to keep asking for water refills. Other than that it was a really great meal. Would definitely go back if we lived here.
This was my first time at any indian cuisine. therefore i am unable to compare anything. The food itself was great. i liked my mango smootie. We didnt order much but we were both stuffed! The staffs were very well mannered and attentive, lots of smiles and also asked us how our food went when we are not chewing. great job on that! the restaurant look tidy and clean. only reason why i didnt give a full 5 stars is because we had special treatment for writing a potiential review on yelp. i felt they shouldnt have to do that for a review. politely ask for a review ONCE is okay. it gets weird after a couple of time and with a complimentary dish. A yelper would have honestly rate them on service and quality without it.other than that, i would recommend you to go test it out yourself, check in for 15% off a dish they have at discount. otherwise, hide your identity and see how you would rate them. happy yelping!
We hosted a lunch party and catered our food from Darbar. Manek (Mike) was extremely responsive and worked with us to achieve a balance between our budget and the dishes we wanted. We had people who loved spicy and some who couldn't tolerate spice, vegetarians and non-vegetarians, and Manek's recommendations were spot-on. After the walkthrough at the venue, we discussed exactly what needed to be rented and what his staff would bring, and I was so glad to have a caterer who valued attention to detail as much I do. On the day, the staff arrived on time and set up promptly. They were very polite, attentive and very efficient. They are clearly experienced and provided wonderful service. The food was excellent and all my guests were very pleased. The beetroot malai kofta and veg samosas were a hit with everyone. From our non-veg menu, the chicken lajawab, seekh kabab, and reshmi kabab were outstanding.
I'm not too surprised that I'm a fan of this place.  After all, Chola is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city and it seems they are run by the same folks.  The food here has always been consistently good at both of their locations.  The one feels a bit less fancy than the other one a few blocks north but is still a comfortable place to dine.  Their lunch buffet is solid and I've never had any issues with the flavor or quality of their food.  The spread is always solid and the chicken marsala, tandoori chicken and fish curry are among my favorites.  I also love the fact they serve pani puri as part of their lunch spread, which is always a nice treat for me.If you're looking for a place that serves a better-than-average selection of lunch buffet items for a reasonable price, this is a great pick.  It also helps that the service is solid and folks here are pretty friendly.
My daughter and I came here for lunch the other day and enjoyed our meal very much. The buffet didn't look all that appetizing, so we opted to order from the menu.  We ordered the Aloo Gobi Masala, Chicken Saagwala, Garlic Naan, and rice. Plenty of food and even brought home some to snack on later.
We expected a bit more after seeing all of the great reviews.  It's a simple, good Indian spot.  Zero ambiance, fair to mid-level service.  The food is solid - very good Indian, but nothing to write home about.  They did have a great bottle of wine (amidst a really bad wine list) that we splurged on, which made the meal very nice. They had a bit of a hard time accommodating a dairy allergy - even the rice had cream in it!
We went late in the day for their lunch buffet. On one hand, it had not been 'refreshed' in a while. They ran out of Tandoori chicken and apparently had no interest in rectifying the situation. And yet. The flavors were unusually deep, complex, and satisfying. We've enjoyed several lunch buffets on the UES. The consensus, though, is that this one wins. We'll be back, but it'll be no later than 12:30.
The buffet is worth every damn cent. I went there twice in 5 days. The butter chicken and mango custurd was the best! They even have fish and goat curry , tandoori chicken too!Veggie options were very good too! Gobi Manchurian, channa masala, daal, veg gravy all were good. Oh and the palak panner too :) Ensure you ask for whole wheat bread - it's much better than naan!I'll definitely go there again someday :)
Excellent Indian food in midtown. The service was excellent and the food was great! I got the vindallo which is my favorite Indian dish. Perfectly spiced! Highly recommended.
We were celebrating a family birthday. Service was great and they did a wonderful job with the dessert. Food was excellent. Great sauces. Goat curry was a hit. Try the rosemary naan for a change up. Rice pudding too.
My husband and I hired Darbar to cater our wedding, and we could not have been happier!  We wanted a delicious dinner buffet, passed hours d'ourves at cocktail hour, and bar staff for 140 people.  Some guests had dietary restrictions, ranging from vegan to kosher-lite (no mixing of meatdairy, etc.), and Darbar's team was amazing at accommodating us.We were a little nervous about how our guests would react to Indian food.  It's our favorite, but neither we nor our families are Indian, and some of them come from less adventurous gastronomical backgrounds.  We had no need to worry.  Everyone loved it!  We received so many compliments on the food, and of course, we loved it too.  Our wedding was very DIY, at a warehouse venue with no kitchen (sink only).  Darbar handled all our flatware and silverware rentals and did a great job setting up and breaking everything down quickly and professionally.  The lack of a kitchen did not daunt their catering team at all.  Did I mention the food was great?  It was great!!
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in a long time! The food was superb, the service outstanding. Prices are very reasonable for the east side of midtown Manhattan, especially given the quality. For the adventurous, pair your meal with the only Indian Shiraz I've ever seen - it's a perfect complement to the spice profile of their signature dish "Bhuda" (try it with shrimp!); a spicy, traditional Indian dish with a tomato base and lots of tender garlic, ginger and onions that will knock your socks off!!  My hubby got Vindaloo, which was WAY too spicy for me but exactly what he wanted, lol!  We both loved we ordered, which is rare (usually one off is has food envy).  For dessert, we had what is definitely the ONLY Kheer (rice pudding) that left me wanting to lick the bowl, lol!  We only wish we could transport this place home with me, so we could try more dishes!
I ordered chicken Biryani for takeout and they sent me small chicken cubes with little rice. I don't know what it was but not at all Chicken Biryani!
The service and food here was fantastic! :) The chef special was so good! I'm going back on the website and I believe I got Chicken Mirch Bhuna (House Specialty). The flavors in my dish really just hit the spot. My friend got the Chicken Tikka Masala which was also great! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and I can't wait to go back.
Always fresh and delicious. Best vegetable samosas in town (for about 4$) and quick and friendly service. Definitely my favorite Indian spot in midtown.
tasty indian food with amazing spice flavor,  The decor is beautiful, great services , good price and great location. Highly recommend it
This country mouse died and went to Indian heaven! The vegetable samosas were the best I've ever had. The pastry was perfection and the chutney delicious. I have an adventurous palate when it comes to Indian food but I chose the butter chicken because I was in the mood for creamy tomato spicy noms. It had just enough heat to be sexy and the spices were a subtle glide on the tongue, riding along the creamy rich sauce. The rice was sweet and fragrant with hints of orange rind..oh my. The Naan was excellent and I used it to mop up every last drop of the sauce.  They have an extensive menu and a lovely libations menu. I was tempted by some of the creative cocktail creations but ended up ordering a crispy Pinot Grigio. I finished off my meal with some rice pudding  which once again was superbly spiced with lovely hints of cardamom and orange rind.  The service was impeccable. The waitstaff was attentive but not obtrusive.  I could tell that they try their best to give first class service and to meet the needs of their guests. Our waiter noticed that I fanned myself with my napkin and he asked if I was too warm. He set up a pillar fan and directed it at our table. I was appreciative. I also appreciated their attention to our water glasses.  When our rice bowl was empty someone immediately appeared to see if we wanted more. They truly anticipated our needs which made for a pleasurable dining experience!
The buffet is limited. I would have loved to try more things. Check it out before sitting at a table. The staff wasn't friendly, we didn't even get a goodbye, thanks or anything. The tandoori chicken was very good though.
This place is very well priced, and the food is really good. I come here for lunch, and usually leave feeling uncomfortably full. They have a large selection of curries. Typically, their lunch includes Chicken Tikka Masala, Goat Curry, Fish Curry, Chicken Tandoori, Saag, and a bunch of other vegetarian curries (maybe 4 or 5 more). There is also unlimited rice and naan. The other plus is that we have never had to wait for a table.
What a neighborhood gem.  I've eaten at the lunch buffet many times and have found it delightful.  Huge selection of vegetarian (and non) options.  Enjoyed a la carte dining with my family last night.  We were treated like "royalty"!  Joseph our server suggested a chicken malai kabab and reshmi kabab.  Ordinarily stick to their delectable Chicken Tikka Masala but these new suggestions were succulent!!   Our children were treated like adults and they didn't leave a crumb of the vegetable samosas or a drop of the mango lassi!  I also enjoyed a "mango margarita - frozen" what a treat.  Love everything we tried and the service was above and beyond!  Naan bread was baked just right and the dessert they treated us to was a delicious Indian rice pudding.  Don't miss Darbar, definitely a hidden gem conveniently located in midtown.
I get delivery from this place and they are highly inconsistent. The chicken and shrimp gravy dishes just use already cooked shrimp and chicken tikka which makes the meat super over cooked and tough, go for the lamb. Depending in the day, your food will either be great or watery- different cooks I guess. The service here is great though! Really nice people on the phone. Order through seamless and the order comes much faster than if you order direct with the restaurant, it seems.
Came here a few days ago to have lunch with my former boss. Darbar's buffet styled lunch was only $12.95 (excluding drinks). Darbar offered an abundant variety of foods to choose from: Spinach Corn Fritters, Bismati Rice, Vindaloo Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Spinach dish, Fish  Goat dish, Mushroom and Okra Masala, Salad, and a cornmeal pudding dessert.Once you are seated, they offer you a basket full of Naan bread that were tasty! My favorites from Darbar were the Spinach Corn Fritters, Chicken Tikka Masala, and the Mushroom Masala dishes.All the dishes were very delicious (not too spicy), except for the cornmeal pudding. It had a weird taste. I was hoping for a gulab jamun but didn't see any so I was quite disappointed. Service here was good, and the staff were friendly. My boss and I enjoyed the food, and the atmosphere.
I'd love to review the food, but I'm still waiting for it. Go here in person I guess..? Who knows.
I've eaten at every Indian restaurant in Cincinnati, and none of them come close to the amazing tastes of Darbar. The service and presentation was immaculate. Our dinner service was very formal: ladies were handed menus and served before men, the server would dish out the first portion of your food to your plate, permission was asked before removing plates, and crumbs were cleaned up between meal courses. It was a very classy atmosphere, but the customer needs not to wear a suit and tie.The food was spectacular. I had a samosa, a pakora, and the eggplant korma. The curry was adequately spicy, and didn't make my nose stuffy. I could taste the eggplant and all of the vegetable flavors. Every individual ingredient was noticeable and not overwhelmed with spices. Delicious. My dining companions had Vindaloo, a very, very spicy dish. The waiter even warned them ahead of time of the heat level. Being English, they scoffed in the face of hot "American" curry. Turns out, the Vindaloo was some of the best they've tasted, including what they had back home in the U.K. They were impressed.My meal was very reasonably priced for the quality, and considering it is New York: $22.00. (In Cincinnati, a similar meal would cost $17.00.)Darbar, if you're looking to open another location, come to Cincinnati. We need you here!
I was sat quickly and received the food in a reasonable time. I ordered the lentil soup and the Chana masala. Soup was tasty and just the right size for a starter. The Chana was not what I was used to. The chickpeas seemed a little undercooked. We shall see how much undercooked tomorrow! Perhaps it is a personal preference but I like this dish with softer Chana. Interested to hear what others think.
I found Darbar on Open Table and was excited about the extra 1,000 points you get (I'm easily excited by bonus points and freebies). I'm glad I did because it turned out to be a great place for dinner. Admittedly, this place is more expensive than what I'm used to for indian (I hail from ATX) but it has a cool ambience, was quiet, and the food was good. The soup I had was amazing (spinach and chicken in a coconut based sauce). All in all, a positive experience that I would return to.
Rosemary Naan, Veg Briyani and palak paneer for lunch today, delivered to the hotel.- 30 mins during lunch hour, so took a little bit to get here but BOY was it worth it. first of all, these portions are for multiple people- I could have shared my palak or briyani with 3 easily (but wouldn't want too!). -Briyani was medium to higher end of spicy, came with raita so was perfect. - Rosemary Naan had slightly scorched rosemary flavor that was delicious- palak - not as creamy or spicy as I like, but definitely OK to have againgreat local find, I'll come back here happily.
A decent Indian place in NYC.   Everything tasted typical to other Indian restaurants I went to and nothing in particular really stood out to me.Their garlic naan was really good, and their chicken tikka masala was OK.  I had this really, really spicy dish that was bright red and I couldn't eat the rest after only a few bites.
Good spot, good service, good variety of cocktails. Enjoyed the food but wasn't blown away. Better quality places exist for similar prices. Love the gulab jamun
This place is an absolute nightmare. Food is decent to be honest, no real complaints there. The main problem is the service, which is close to the worst service I've seen. I waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for my food and when I asked them what's taking so long, they just replied I don't know. These people have no manners and have no idea how to run a restaurant.
Solid choice if you live nearby and are looking to quickly pick up some dinner.  One of the better tasting Indian restaurants in the area, but not somewhere I would travel far for.
Joined a group of out of Towners for dinner last night. Service was great. Food was ok. Flavors just weren't right. I am spoiled by real authentic Indian Food in Westchester and this just didn't cut it for me.
Very good. This place saved us from the non-vegetarian Udon West next door. Very good food all around. Good, friendly service. We had saag paneer and their house special of beetroot kafta. Really good, both. I'd definitely seek this restaurant out again.Also, the garlic naan was really good and their mixed pickle is fantastic. Yum.
Incredibly stingy with the meat in their dishes. The shrimp vindaloo may have had five small shrimp in it as did the chicken tikka masala! It was all sauce. The dal and goat curry were very good.
The food on the lunch buffet is remarkably good. People are friendly and the entire experience is excellent. Highly recommended by a guy who has the luck and privilege to eat anywhere.
I want to start this off by saying this is my very first time eating Indian food.... S P I C Y!!!!!!(I almost died).. ok so I'm being dramatic.My darling little brother who just came back from India suggested I eat the Biryani since it wouldn't be spicy. (He lied) lol. The waiter told me not to get it but noooo I listened to my brother. First bite  the heat kicks in, I'm a burning fool at the table. The waiter comes over  tells me I told you so. Lmfao!!!! So there's no way I can eat the Biryani  tell my brother he has to eat it. He happily digs in. I try his chicken tikka Masala still a bit spicy but far less than the Biryani. The meal came with rice and a yogurt sauce which quickly became my meal besties.. They also had this really good flat bread which I'd happily eat all the time if I could cope with the rest of the menu items.. The food was very good if I could remove the heat factor I'd eat here often. A huge thank you to the waiter who felt bad for me  brought me a chicken tikka masala that was less spicy than the original version. (that was too spicy for me too) But his efforts were very much appreciated. He probably hates me  thinks I'm an idiot for going to an Indian restaurant not being able to eat spicy food but I'd rather say I tried it and know that its not something that I can eat then never try at all.While I probably cant eat here again I'm sure my brother would so 4 stars.
Hm...what to say about this place.  Pretty run of the mill at lunch.  They have a buffet for $12 which includes all the usual suspects.  The palak had corn in it which was really weird but not bad tasting.  The best thing was a fish curry because the fish was actually super delicate.  The naan was...normal?  The desserts were pretty bad, no really bad.  There was some warm strawberry thing that smelled weird.  So when I go for Indian, I want tons of spice and awesome naan.  This place was just middle of the road for me.  I came with a bunch of coworkers and my boss who is French had a bite of something that almost made him cry but the French are "not so much" when it comes to spice.  And driving.  And humor.
The food and service were fantastic. Ask akash, he's a great guy. He made great recommendations and was extremely friendly. They have a very sweet Russian bartender. She pours a good kingfisher.
I decided to go to this restaurant because it was highly recommended by some of my collegues in our NYC office. I am a huge fan of Indian food and know good Indian food when I have it. I walked into what I would consider a very nice restaurant and was greeted right away. since it was early for dinner they asked me where I wanted to sit and I suggested the back because I didn't want to be on display being the only customer at that time.For my meal I ordered Beetroot Malai Kofta. The sauce was pretty run of the mill, but good. Their Basmati rice, although plain, was also very good. I asked what wine the waiter recommended for this meal and he suggested a Pinot Nior; he responded to my question like he was asking "Pinot Nior?" but I took his advice and it was a good pairing for what I ate. When I eat Indian food I always need naan. Their plain naan was very basic and did not have the taste I was looking for, not sure why, but it was missing something. I guess when you dip it in your food, it just absorbs that flavor anyway.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is in the city and wants some good Indian food.
Sunday lunch buffet was delicious, fresh and flavorful. Service was very attentive and friendly. They had clean, white cotton tablecloths and candles- A+. Would definitely go back!
Couldn't ask for better service! Loved the mutter paneer and the lamb. Will definitely come back!
I haven't tried dinner, but all you can eat lunch is a great value for price. They have great vegetarian curries and dishes, too. Every dish they serve for lunch buffet is just excellent.
This place is one of my favorite midtown lunch spots, in fact, I just finished eating there again.They do a $12.95 all you can eat lunch, and if I recall correctly, that carries over to brunch on the weekends.It's just simply delicious Indian food at a fair price.The buffet consists of all the staple dishes.  Tandori Chicken, Chicken Tikka, some sort of Curry, a Fish dish, Goat, Lentils, multiple preparations of vegitables, salad, all the traditional sauces, and even has a few dessert options, usually a pudding and fried cheese balls in honey.  Also, served with warm naan.Everything is cooked consistently well, meats ans fish are always tender, and this place is usually pretty busy, so they're always refilling the buffet with fresh stuff.Friends that I go with say it's their second favorite next to Brick Lane, which I'm told is quite a bit more expensive.  I haven't been there yet, but figured I would throw it in for comparison purposes if you have.
Best curry I've had in the States!!!! A must try!!!! Staff is great, food off the charts!!!
WE LOVED Darbar!!!  After finishing the most delicious appetizers, meal and kheer dessert, my girlfriend and I had the privilege of sitting and chatting with management for a few minutes and really enjoyed meeting and speaking with Gabriel  Mike, the men behind the magnificent meals!
Get the vindaloo! Delivery can be slow, but they are reliable and consistent with the food. Never have any mistakes with the order. Get the vindaloo!
Nice setup for lunch. $13 all you can eat indian near grand central is a pretty good deal. The atmosphere is actually very nice for the price point. Will be returning.
Pretty good buffet option for the price. I've tried lots of places but the variety and  quality of Darbar is unmatched. Tandoori chicken is not over cooked, chicken tikka masala rich and creamy ( as it should be) goat curry just the way I like..these are pretty much I care about. But the vegetarian section was looking fresh too.made me try a couple. Overall would definitely try again and recommend .
Very solid Indian lunch buffet.  There are quite a few Indian lunch buffets in this area, but I think this one probably is the best.  My go-to place when I'm with a hungry young staff from work.  The curries are not spicy at all, but they are all extremely tasty and have great flavors.  It gets extremely crowded around lunch time, so go before noon or close to 2pm.
While certainly not offensive, I didn't get what all the hype is about.  Given it's proximity to the UN community, I expected a lot more from this place.  All the dishes were serviceable but also totally forgettable.  I recommend Darbar to folks who haven't tried Indian before and want a gentle introduction.  The spicing is very mild and most of the dishes are on the sweetish side.  We ordered mulligatawny soup, goat bhuna, palak panneer, chicken tikka, shrimp curry, and plain and garlic naan.  I wouldn't travel out of my way for any of these, but our out-of-town guests were happy enough.  The ambience is pleasant and the wait staff were great.  Too bad the dishes weren't more memorable.
really good Indian food, I usually go during their lunch buffet special. All you can eat for under 12 bucks. the menu has, chicken, beef, goat, fish, and some veggie stuff including side salads and appetizers. Fresh Nan is served all the time.The place is small but it does have a 2nd floor, the best thing is ,that when you leave the place, you dont leave smelling like what you just ate.
Not good at all. Poor customer service and horrible Indian food. Ordered paneer tikka, and it was just few pieces of burnt paneer cubes. I think they don't know the meaning of 'traditional authentic Indian food'... Will never visit them ever again. POOR POOR POOR!!!
Food was good, not great. Have had better Indian food in the city but it is well priced for what you get.
Delivery was fast. Chicken tikka masala was good. Shrimp curry was a bit bland but the shrimp was plump and tasty. Garlic naan was really good. Onion bhajis were hard (over cooked?) but still flavorful. Decent Indian and was fine for delivery.
Beet Balls!I could end this review right there and have given you the only information you need to have the best meal ever at Darbar. Seriously, these things are beet dumplings in a cream sauce and they are fantastic. They are also beautiful, frankly; a gorgeous, deep red inside.We had the Rosemary Naan as well because I've never seen it on the menu at other Indian places. It was a smidge messy - rosemary sprigs everywhere - but worth it.My fiance had the Butter Chicken. It was good but not incredible. If you are ever in Chicago and want to know where the Best Butter Chicken on Earth is, let me know. We ate every bite, regardless.Everything was served with Bismatti rice - great texture (not mushy, as is the fate of poorly-cooked rice).Now go get some Beet Balls. Seriously. Go.
Should be 3.5, really.Hit up this joint for buffet lunch the other day. Pretty dece!Pretty fantastic spread on the buffet including two kinds of daal, an eggplant dish, a potato dish, chana masala, paneer and of course plenty of naan and rice. There was also several meaty items though I didn't try 'em. Food was tasty and pretty much standard Indian buffet fare. Definitely good, but not the best Indian food EVER.The place is clean, convenient and our service was fine. Lunch buffet was about $15 including everything, which isn't bad, but just slightly more than I like to pay for lunch. I would have probably given it 4 stars if the buffet was $10, like so many of them are.I'd definitely suggest Darbar to others for lunch, but for myself, I'd probably try a diff place next time, only because there are SO many Indian buffets in Midtown.
Amazing food. I wish we had something in Salt Lake City, Utah. I will be back the next time I'm visiting NYC!
I am very picky about my Indian food. I compare everything to what I have had in England just to level set. I had the lamb bhuna. Words can't describe the perfect blend of spices this dish had. Tasted homemade like I was in someone's home eating something passed down from generations. That good! Nice atmosphere I recommend sitting upstairs.  Yelp is a little low on this one in my opinion.  Great food.
You know what makes a good restaurant in midtown?  When you bring back lunch and all of your co-workers are jealous.  And Ooooooohh Darbar came through big.The ~$9 lunchbox got me 1 meat, 1 vegetable, rice, daal, and nan.  Waaaay more food than I could eat for lunch (and I eat a lot) so I had some nice leftovers for dins.  But it was the smells that really won out.  After I unwrapped that saucy plate of goodness I took a look around and all it was business casual jealousy as far as the eye could see.  It may sound cruel but it was actually glorious.  Simple advice:  stick to the basics here (get that young Chicken Tikka Masala and stay away from anything white people wouldn't normally eat) and get the lunchbox because its $4 cheaper than the all you can eat buffet and is MORE than I could eat.Darbar may not be the most delicately spiced and innovative Indian restaurant in NYC but its a must try lunch option.
I really enjoyed my meal from Darbar.  I love Indian food; so, I decided to order delivery for dinner last night.I ordered a couple of dishes and naan hoping to be able to eat leftovers for a couple of days.The portions are very generous.  It looks like I barely touched anything!  I ordered the palak panner.  I absolutely love this dish.  I also orderd the chicken tikka masala.  The sauce was really good and great for dipping the naan in.My only complaint (and it isn't really a complaint) is that I think the naan should have come in smaller but more pieces. It comes in two larger pieces. I wasn't sharing my dish, but I think it could have been an issue if I had been.All in all, I definitely plan on ordering from Darbar again.  It is a bit pricey but not by NYC standards.    I'm also interested in trying the buffet but am more likely to just order delivery.  If you plan on ordering entrees from here, just remember the portions are BIG.
I hosted my daughter's first birthday at Darbar and it was an amazing event in terms of food, professionalism, management flexibility and the staff that went above and beyond to accomodate my requests/requirements. We were given the entire upstairs and they set-up the place exactly as I requested. All guests (~60 incl. kids) had an amazing time and at no point did I feel the staff were cutting corners. The owner (Mike) met with me several times leading up to the event to assure me of the arrangements as he recognized the anxious enthusiasm of a single father hosting a first birthday. His manager (Jyoti) and all the personnel were attentive and responsive to guest needs and managed to serve all corners of the floor inspite of excited and naughty kids running around having a great time. First birthday's are once in a life time events and for a single father, this was a big milestone and Darbar certainly came thru for me...
Been here about 3 times. It scratches an itch. There is not much great international food in Midtown anyway, including Indian. But if you have a craving, it works, and is competently done if not memorable.
Great Indian food and good value. I was in a large group and they accomodated us really well. We had the garlic + cheese naan and samosas to start which were great. I had the salmon tikka for my entree. Loved that there was unlimited rice with the entrees and a yummy lentil soup for the tandoori specialties.
Worst service anywhere!!! I finished ordering takeout and they gave my food to someone else. I had to go back to work and ended up with no lunch. I corrected the staff and told them this happened and they finished doing ten other things before coming to take my order again, by that time it was too late, I wouldn't eat there if you paid me.
Have been for the lunch buffet.A regular Indian lunch buffet with multiple options. The food was good though with the spices spot on. Service was good as well
Ordered the Eggplant Bhartha, and Beetroot Malai Kofta for delivery.The kofta had an ok consistency, well spiced. The best part was the curry it was bathing in. Very rich nutty flavours, smooth.The eggplant bhartha was very flavourful, good mixture of spices. However it ccould have been better if they did not chop the eggplant into almost a mush.The mindless addition of green peas didn't really fit in and had to be separately chewed.The rice was not fine basmati rice and was pretty plain.All in all, the quantity was large, the quality was above average, the price was decent at 12$ per vegetarian entree with rice. I'd give it a 3.5 stars.
Pros: Great service and food.  Staff is very attentive, friendly, and willing to go out of their way to accommodate you.  Good ambiance with an appropriate noise level.  Well priced. Quick service. My boyfriend and I came for the second time on his birthday.  The first time was good as well but our second visit confirmed Darbar to be a new favorite of ours.  Because I had told them it was his birthday, they brought us a very well-presented piece of cake (free of charge!) and sang to him :) A dying tradition, I think. The man who took our order warned me that my dish (Chicken Vindaloo) was very spicy but I tried it anyway.  Later, he came by to check on me -  I told him it was a little spicy but I liked it.  He then brought me some delicious yogurt to cool down the spices (I'm not a yogurt fan but this added a good flavor too!).  I was impressed that he had the consideration to check on me as well as to actually do something about it!  Throughout the night, staff checked on us often but inconspicuously and never interrupted our conversations. My boyfriend ordered the lamb dish with spinach sauce (saag I think) - incredible! This is a dish he orders frequently at Indian restaurants and Darbar executes wonderfully. Not the biggest wine list but for $6, you get a good sized glass of decent wine, from my non-connoisseur opinion.  In the end, they took this off the bill as an added bonus! Lastly, if you like rosemary - the rosemary naan is definitely worth the extra $1!
Went there on a Saturday night as my husband said that their lunch buffee is quite attractive and tasty. There were three of us, we tried both the vegetable and the chicken samosas, delicious indeed! We ordered Eggplant korma, giant cilantro pesto tandoori shrimp and a chicken dish. It was all very lovely! I can mostly recommend that eggplant korma and the giant shrimp. The garlic naan we ordered with it was so great, it had a load of big pieces of garlic on it and the bread was just thick enough to not fill us up too much. The dessert was astonishing, we ordered Gulab Jamun which was the best Gulab I have ever tasted! You could definitely taste the saffron and it was perfectly balanced with the sweetness in the syrup! We also ordered the cottage cheese dumplings in a cream sauce, first time trying this and not disappointed at all. Mind you, I am not usually a dessert person, these two desserts were absolutely wonderful! The reason fro the 4 stars instead of 5, although the waiters were very nice, they were a bit slow. will be back!
Decent Indian restaurant.  I came here for lunch and the host was a little rude. They were very crowded so had to sit at the bar. Two tables cleared up but they wouldn't move me even though there was no one else waiting.Lunch buffet had the typical buffet food. It wasn't great, but it was decent. I think they're they're too expensive for what they have.
Staff was very rude, grumpy, and entitled, the prices were higher than was mentioned on their website and they told us to wait for a table for 5 min when we had to wait for almost an hour. Stay clear.
Typical Indian buffet with an updated decor.   The selection is good and the chicken tandoori and marsala were juicy and seasoned to perfection.   I would definitely come back here for lunch however.........There is one thing that did piss me off though - soft drinks were $3 a pop and NO refills  (when I ask for a refill - they charged me another $3 on the bill).   It's fountain soda with a ice filled to the brim.   4 sips and it was all gone.A big middle finger to you guys for that!
I was here for the lunch buffet and the owner Mike came out to help the floor. He pushed me to have the chicken tikka masala and thank the Indian gods he did. The chicken was extremely tender, juicy and flavorful. Overall a great place and great value. Highly recommend.
Took a chance with this restaurant after reading the reviews on Yelp and we were more than satisfied. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. The staff even brought us samples of dessert as well as other condiments. We will definitely return.
I came here for dinner on a Saturday night with 3 other people. The place is very formal, but their prices are not over priced. I would say that you can definitely spend less than $30 if you only had a meal with a drink. We spend $41 per person for 4 beers, 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, 3 naans, and 1 dessert. Food: for the appetizer we got the samoas and potato thing. None of it were very spicy, the portions were small (but enough to share perfectly among 4 people). I thought the flavors were a little bland. For entrees we got the 1) butter chicken, delicious! Perfectly cooked chicken with flavorful sauce and not spicy at all. 2) spinach, an interesting taste, but good interesting. It's very thick and spinachy. It comes with bamati rice and no meat. 3) chicken malai, very very mild spicyness. Kind of like the butter chicken. 4) lamb bryani, I don't know if this is authentic but it's mega delicious!!! The spiciness was perfect, with good flavor and the lamb was the perfect softness and texture. Naan, we ordered two types, the plain one and the cheese and garlic. The cheese and garlic was very delicious with very generous flavors of cheese and garlic. The plain one...it was so good it tasted better on it's own. We got two of those. For dessert we got the mango ice cream. It was perfect! If you love mangos then you'll need to get this. Though the meal was kind of pricey, I would come back. The food was delicious, the place was nice (I think they have an upstairs room too), and the staff was GREAT.
The food was delicious! Equally as important, the service was wonderful. It was my first time there and I'll definitely be back. I was with a friend who also raved about the service and food. The chicken samosas were yum!
Let me start out by saying that the food is amazing! Not only is the food amazing but the servers are on point. My cup was always filled w/ water and the waiter went to everyone and served them rice ( who does that these days at restaurants???). I found the prices were great considering the location. The lighting and mood was perfect and overall a wonderful restaurant to dine in.
Came here for their lunch buffet for $13 per person. Can't beat the price for the selection. The management are so kind, friendly and attentive. Management sent over a dessert on the house. Very flavorful!
This place is good for vegetarians and carnivores! I came here with a friend from out of town and my  Vegetarian Friend who recommended it and I thought the food was great!The good:The meat had a soft tender consistency, sauce was good, bread was good,the restaurant is clean and classy-looking. The bad:-I think this place must have frequent non-indians due to their "spicy" dishes not being very spicy. I even went non-P.C. and said "it's okay i'm not white I can take it spicy!" nope.... nada...-The service is slow, but it's not because they're doing something wrong, the food more than makes up for it. If you're here on a date and your date is boring... then yea it might suck for you. scratch that, it probably will suck for you!
Im use to Indian Food joints as a casual type of places, that coming to Darbar was actually quite refreshing. Im not a big fan of restaurants being underground, but the atmosphere of Darbar was just so lounge like. Lighting was dim, but not so much that you were able to read the menu, the decor was so trendy that the outside of the restaurant does not do it justice. Food was good, very authentic. Cheese naan was phenomenal! Meat platter was delicious as the chicken samoas were my favorite.  Chicken tika masala was ok. I've had better, but I was satisfied. Prices are reasonable. Can't complain in that department. Service was a little slow at first. It took a long time for anyone to come up to us. But then... service became a little too good. First off, Im not use to people putting food on my plate in front of me. Never really had that done before, but I didn't really mind. However, when we had asked for ice to put in our sparkling water, our server actually scooped the ice and put it in our glasses. It was a little overkill, but i guess it was to make up for the slow service in the beginningBe careful with parking. Read the signs, pay the meter, and you'll be ok. I like this place! I would love to come back if I could find someone who loves Indian Food as much as I do.
I've been here twice - once for dinner and once for the lunch buffet.Dinner: prix fixe available. Food was delicious in both looks and taste. Unfortunately, portions were made for boys -  I am man.Buffet: Great selection. Chicken Masala, Tandoori Chicken, some goat, action, some fish action. The Chicken Masala here was the best I've ever had - flavorful and moist. The fish was the only remotely spicy dish, so even those intolerant of spices can enjoy themselves. There are a decent vegetarian options, including paneer. The desserts are tremendous. Some rice pudding thing and gulab jamun. The gulab jamuns were MONSTER - huge balls of glory.Service: Hmmm... during dinner time, it was stellar. Fancy schmancy. At the end of the lunch buffet, however, I felt like we were being rushed. In fact, dude took away my unfinished gulab jamuns while I was signing the check, which I did not even ask for!Atmosphere: If you are here with a date, ask to sit upstairs. It's much nicer. The downstairs is like a bar that is trying to be fancy, but upstairs is a proper fine-dining establishment.Next time I'll try their AYCE brunch!Presentation (^_^)Taste (^_^)Portions (o_O)Service (o_O) - inconsistentAtmosphere (^_-)Glad I came. No matter what, get the Chicken Masala and the Gulab Jamun.PROTIP: Free appetizers at the bar during happy hour!
Excellent experience!  Some of the best Baingan Bharta I've ever had.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was incredible, and their lamb was very tender and moist.  The service was kind and prompt.  The even treated us to a delicious dessert!  Thank you so much for a great time, Darbar.
Not sure what it is about Indian food, but I find it orgasmic....yes orgasmic.  Maybe it's the luscious sauce that slides down my throat effortlessly, the soft- cooked to perfection meat, that melts in my mouth.Whatever the case may be, Darbar pulls through each and every time, and although I haven't dined in the restaurant as such, I've been ordering from them for years without a complaint.I will one day make my way to the establishment for an in house meal, but I'm not sure how my fellow patrons will hold up when I place the sauce covered naan bread in my mouth and my toes curl!
A buffet for $12.95+tax+tip is not bad at all. Relatively good quality and a lot of choice. I find the vegetarian stuff much better than the chicken tikka (which was very so-so). Nice to come here but not every day. Maybe once or twice a month for lunch.
Happy hour at the bar is a great deal!  But the bar doesn't have any overhang, so I couldn't pull my stool close enough to eat.  We moved to a table to eat dinner.  The service was excellent and the entrees are big but the food was just ok.
I went for restaurant week and it was by far the best bang for your buck.  The waiter/owner was extremely friendly.  Food was great!  I would go back in a heartbeat.
Wanted to try some Indian food in NY, but with so many options around, I tried to 'Yelp' myself. The reviews seemed too good to be true. Nonetheless being a foody, I thought of trying the lunch buffet at Darbar Grill (46th, betw Lex and 3rd Ave), which seemed appropriately priced by NY standards. I am not sure who gave THIS place a good rating!  Being Indian at heart, I can differentiate between authenticity and counterfeit. PROS:Good variety in the BuffetConvenient locationLess noisyCONS (Oh the list can go on)Bad service.. for a buffet  -Yeah, I finished two servings and my Nans (breads) didn't arrive, Reminded them twice about it.Atrocious Quantity  - When you see a 'Buffet' with near-empty food, you know there is something wrong. Had to scrape the Kadi Pakodi, just to taste it!Horrible interior layout  -No one to help you find a seat. You walk right inside to the Bar counter to ask the waitress for you to be seated. They believe in Self Service in all aspects. Right!Standard Menu - You will find the same menu in a NJ eat-out, which happens to be as good or as bad as this one, only 'cheaper'VERDICTIf not for some misleading reviews above, I wouldn't have gone here and shelled out $15 for something that came no where close to 'Indian' in terms of Food, Taste and Hospitality. If you are an adventure junkie, go play. If you like to play safe, don't bother going here. There are better options in NY for as much or a little more cost.
This has to be one of my favorite indian restaurants in the city. The chicken saagwala is very tasty. More importantly, the service here is truly great. I will return to this restaurant and I will also recommend it to my friends and family. I went here with a date impromptu-style and it was a great choice. They ambiance is calming while maintaining a sophisticated quality.
I love Indian cuisine.  I love cheap Indian cuisine even more.[enter stage left: Darbar]Darbar offers a delicious, all-you-can-eat lunch buffet ($11.95) - perfect for quick mid-town meals.  The restaurant is super clean (letter grade A for their Sanitary Inspection rating) and well designed.  The service is fast and helpful but thankfully, waiters primarily leave you to your own devices at the buffet.My boyfriend first introduced me to Darbar last year so I can't completely claim finders fee on this spot.  He and I still love meeting there when we're craving something filling but cheap.  I'm a fan of their Palak Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala.  There are certainly other places in the area, and on that block for that matter, that serve great Indian food - but for an inexpensive and fast lunch buffet, Darbar takes the Naan!
Had a lovely meal here on Saturday evening. The upstairs dining room is quiet, but still has a nice energy. Perfect for enjoying some conversation with your meal, which is often difficult in Manhattan restaurants. The food was terrific, especially the house specialty "beet root' dish. My only criticism was that the service was almost too attentive. On 3 separate occasions, the wait staff attempted to just take our plates away when we still were eating. We were taking our time and enjoying the meal, and the place wasn't busy. Not a big deal, but that's the small detail that makes this a 4 star and not 5 star review. Otherwise, fantastic!
I came here on the recommendation of a friend, and I have been a loyal customer ever since! Every single time I come here, I am treated to incredible customer service. And of course, I go back for the food! Chicken Tikka Masala and a Mango Lassi is my usual, paired with Samosas and Yummy Naan. Writing this review is sure making me hungry. I usually go for dinner, but I hear the lunch buffet is the place to be. I went once for lunch and really enjoyed it.
Pretty good weekday lunch buffet deal (I think it's 15 bucks). Good selection, and then desserts are fairly standard. I'll come back from time to time. Good for large groups.
Seamless web has 20% off of this place.  I ordered: Chicken Tikka Masala $14Palak Paneer $12Chicken Vindaloo $14Cheese  Garlic Naan $6For the price, all the serving sizes were good.  However, the only editable dishes were the Chicken Tikka Masala  and the Cheese and Garlic Naan.... If I had only ordered those two dishes I'd rate this restaurant 3.5 stars.  However, the other dishes were so bad i threw them away! The Palak Paneer tasted like canned creamed spinach with a minty taste or something that just made it disgusting.  And it was really bright green looking (which is normally not the case).  In terms of the Chicken Vindaloo I'd normally describe it as being tangy or something like that, but this dish had way too much vinegar.  Don't waste your time here... I'd checkout Amma which is a little more pricy but the food is way better !
Mainstream food, very poor service, unpleasant atmosphere. They let us sit on the table, order drinks, take some food from the bufee and after that they informed us that they close in 5 minutes so we should hurry up filling the plates ...
Very good Indian. Delicious chicken tikka masala and the reshmi kebab was succulent. I strongly recommed this place. The service was also very good: moving to another table was easy and the waiter was friendly.
elegant surroundings for an indian restaurant.  the food is very good, above average.  there were tables of voss on every table.  but they took it away when i asked for tap.  boo.the reshmi kebob appetizer was my favorite part of the meal.  the chicken looked dry, but it was so moist and tender.  squeeze a little lemon on that sucker and its a party in your mouth!  i had the chicken kali merch as an entree and it was okay.  the chicken was cooked well, but the sauce didn't add much to it.  it was just like tikka masala with a hint of peppercorn.  i wouldve liked for there to be more of a kick to it.the rice is included with your entree, which should be standard, but a lot of places charge you extra, even for plain rice.  so that was nice.ill come back here.  if you check in on foursquare, for every 3rd check-in, you get a free glass of wine.  word!
As a recommendation from the Waldorf Astoria concierge, we decided to test his taste. Sure enough we were pleasantly pleased.  With a nice 5-minute walk from the hotel we made it to Darbar. It doesn't look like much from the outside....nor from the inside but the service and food were outstanding. We had our usual when we go to Indian restaurants...Lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala and naan. Everything was very fragrant and delicious.  The flavors just popped out!  We typically like our vindaloo spicy and I can't tell you how many places shy away from the heat, but not Darbar. It was spicy hot but not so much it wasn't edible. We also had dessert-gulab jaman, and and with everything else, it too was delicious. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area. Service was very attentive even down to the busboy. Yum!!'. I only wish I had more time here in NYC for another meal.
After eating at this place I have just decided to expect good Indian food in and around NYC. Being from India I probably might never get to experience the real authentic taste however my anger towards these Indian restuarants is they just slip in any crap and there is not authentic taste out to most of the dishes. One who is unaware of the original taste is just fooled and in no way indian food is cheap.This place is a ripoff. Avoid it at all cost if you can. I am not gonna comment on the taste and flavors. Just to site an example of these crooks, we ordered 3 entrees and just got one rice bowl while we should get 3 bowls. There were two girls with us who unexpectedly wanted to get cocktails and to their and our horror would be the worst tasting shit I will ever have. The chicken in the Chicken Makhani was stale and horrible.AVOID THIS PLACE
GREAT place! Fabulous service! BEST HAPPY HOUR IN AREA! Bartender was older gentleman and he made really tasty and generous cocktails. Food is really good too.
**This review is only for their lunch buffet**My husband and I have been to Darbar before for dinners etc. but never for lunch..so we wanted to try their lunch buffet..Here is how we felt:1. Options were VERY limited. There was only one appetizer. Never seen that before.2. Very liquidy daal, disappointing.3. It took them ten minutes to bring out naan for us the second time.4. There were quite few vegetarian options, but only one tasted really good - Masala Alu.5. Dessert was good - two items: Gajar Halwa and Kheer.6. Food didn't taste fresh, except the naan (you can't mess that up)Overall, after spending almost $35 on lunch for two, we were not satisfied. For dinner, we have had a good experience there so far. Their food tasted better/fresher than some of the other places we have been too. We would go  back for dinner, but never for lunch buffet~
The food at Darbar is just okay for me. The last time I went, I tried their lunch buffet and it was simply average-tasting. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE INDIAN FOOD. However, there was nothing at the lunch buffet that was spectacular or anything like that. I got second and third servings of my usual favorites like tandoori chicken, chicken tika masala, lamb vindaloo, and more. But, I got more servings just to take advantage of the buffet and eat my heart out, lol. The flavors of the dishes was too regular for me. I mean like they all tasted like they are supposed to taste, in a good way.The waiters are awesome. They are so nice and helpful. They have a cool-lit bar as well. I would definitely come back here only if I was in the area craving Indian food. Less than $15 for Indian buffet, you cannot beat that in this area of Manhattan. I definitely ate my money's worth with the food at Darbar.
I like Darbar for their unlimited free lunches or brunches (The food is good in-house). However, under no circumstance, should you EVER get take out from this place. My lunch takeout cost MORE than the sit down unlimited lunch. While takeout is obviously not unlimited, Darbar doesn't provide any type of quality or quantity for people not dining in. They have a waitress who must divvy out your food from the hot bar. I got exactly 2 pieces of chicken, a ton of crappy rice and a burnt piece of nan for $11.85. And it took the waitress about nine minutes to plate the food. An absolute total rip off. Please do yourself a favor and if you need takeout food, avoid Darbar.
Darbar (not to be confused with Darfur) is one of the finer Indian joints on the east side of midtown.  It will always hold a special place in my heart as being the first Indian restaurant I tried in New York, and I loved it.  At the time, I didn't know the difference between the east and west side but was willing to walk it because I didn't know any better.  Now its a good way to walk off the meal after stuffing yourself silly with their fine Indian food.During each visit, service was stellar and the food was great.  The lunch buffet is popular and at $10.95 seems to be one of the more reasonable ones in this area of India Row midtown.  Items included fresh tandoori chicken, sag paneer, chicken tikka masala, navratan korma, some of the best mango chutney ever, dal lentils, and fish curry.  The items change occasionally to butter chicken, palak paneer, etc.  As standard as those items are, they're among the best I've had.  Ordering a la carte here is expensive and the prices creep up to its midtown status finally.  Thats not to say the food isn't good because it was phenomenal the only time I had it.  Can't wait to come back here again.
My husband and I ordered from this place. We waited an hour and a half. We called and they had "no knowledge" of our order. Rude and incompetent. I've lived in NYC for 20 years and have never encountered such absurdity. Never again.
The hubby and I had a fabulous dinner here. Excellent tandoori and samosas. Nice atmosphere and very pleasant decor.The service was excellent, in fact, better than usual (based on my previous Indian restaurant experiences, but keep in mind that they were in L.A.). We were pleasantly surprised and will definitely return when we're in town again.
Eating here was my very 1st time eating indian food and it was truly amazing!!! I had the salmon tikki massala. the flavor was so unbelievable and so were the portions...HUGE! lol i totally loved it. Ill definitely be going back.
One of our favorite work lunch places. Kickass Indian buffet! For less than $15, you get a great selection of Indian dishes and seemingly unlimited Naan. There are 2 separate buffets (one on each floor) and it is pretty easy to get seated as a walk-up. I would make a reservation if you are doing dinner here.
This place is Indian food, nothing too great or too bad.  But the service... oh lord, slow as can be, and the environment is okay, reminds me of a dingy basement.  I don't like added 18% gratuity for horrible service just because we were a party of 7.  But well, what can do?  Also, the paneer pasanda was not good.  The mango lassi price for $5 for a small cup was ridiculous.  Ah lord, rip off.
OK I did not even know that this place existed, a collegue of mine was visiting from London and we decided to eat a group lunch. As he had had some wonderful Indian cusine in Lodon he suggest that we go to an Indian place.We got in and were seated upstairs, they seem to have the buffet upstairs and downstairs. The spread seemed to look alright on a first glance but it was a different story once you dig in. Its a standard fair not much flavour, I definitly expect better quality and flavour from a place like this, sad to say that my collegue was dissapointed in the food  said "guys if you want the real deal come to London I know where to take you"So this isn't just mine but few who are well versed in Indian food across the pond at best mediocre. I have given then 2 stars as a pity, maybe they may they will fare better on my next visit.. who knows.
Came here at about 9:00 p.m. after after-work drinks a few Fridays ago with my work buddies.  We were hungry, and we were seated immediately.  We ordered, and the food came, and it was tasty.  Then we wanted more naan, so we asked for some since they're supposedly open until 10:30.  The waiter barked at us that the kitchen was closed, though I am not really sure that it was.  Either way, his response was really douchey.  We weren't the only party in the restaurant, either.  Then, while we were still eating, he just threw the bill on the table.  Okay, fine -- I've waited tables before and wanted to go home at the end of the evening, but you don't get to go home until all the customers have happily enjoyed their meals and left the restaurant.The food is probably about 3.5 stars but the service s-t-a-n-k.
Came here with my co-workers for lunch on a Friday at 12:30 pm. We got a seat right away and that was fortunate, because it got really busy soon after we sat down. Their buffet was delicious - from the chicken, lamb, fish, and mushroom curry dishes, all were really good. I definitely recommend this place.Side note for vegetarians - there were only two or three trays that were strictly vegetarian. Something worth noting if you are thinking of doing the buffet.
I went to this restaurant w/ my friend last Thursday (8/4/2011) as she had a Living Social coupon deal.  I was really amazed with how friendly the staff was and how great the food is. I am not a big Indian food person, but this place makes me think otherwise.  I'll definitely come back.  I was happily surprised we were treated so great as I know some places do not when they find out you have a coupon deal.  This was the complete opposite.  I totally recommend this place!  Thanks! Heather
Delectable lunch buffet. Food was fresh and plentiful. Good variety for only $12.95. I really enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, and the mango mousse was a divine and unique dessert.
This is a restaurant that never disappoints. The food is preferred by all my Indian friends because it is so genuine, and the service has always been first rate.Everything here is great: the tandoori, the vegetable dishes, the bread. It is one of the few Indian restaurants that has a decent fish tikka.Now, the spicing is not quite as hot as one finds in India. But who needs hot food?
This restaurant saved our date night!My fiance and I literally got up and left at Vermilion across the street after waiting an hour for appetizers, and I was upset because it was our date night.  Thankfully we walked right down the street to Darbar for dinner! It ended up being for a reason - Darbar is FANTASTIC! Service: Amazing!  Wait staff is attentive and polite!  They really take pride in the restaurant.Food: Delicious!  We did the Taste of India menu and paried it with a pinot grigio.  Standout dishes included the okra appetizer, the lamb rogan josh, and the eggplant bharta.  Perfect balance of spices!  My fiance is Indian, so we do know what perfect spice balance is.  They did a great job! Ambiance: Cozy and romantic with some great music playingAlso, very clean and has a Grade A!  Can't wait to go back!
I like this place.Went there last night with two friends. We had some mixed grill appetizers, then ordered the Chef's special Chicken Malai, the Lamb Curry and the Garlic Shrimp Bhura and some Butter Naan. I found the Shrimp and the Lamb to be excellent, the Chicken could have used more spices. The service was great - very attentive and always present when needed.I liked the ambiance as it is a little more up-scale than your typical Indian restaurant . I will definetely be back.
a little pricey but DEFINITELY good food! Went here with a restaurant.com coupon and I'm definitely glad I went. The food was the best Indian i've had so far in NYC (better than Dhaba or Brick Lane Curry house by far, along with about 4 other Indian places I've tried). Service kind of sucked, especially for not being busy at all on a Saturaday night. Looked like they got a lot of delivery business though. God the Lamb house special (i forget what it was called) but it was absolutely delicious and much spicier (not hot spicey, just flavorful spicey) than other Indian places. Will definitely have to come abck again for the buffet.
very very good and authentic indian food ! amaizng for lunch ! try the buffet! You won't stop eating !
Nice place, clean, tasty food but not authentic Indian taste.
This is a definite winner for dinner in midtown East. The upstairs offers quiet dining and the opportunity to enjoy conversation and excellent Indian cuisine. The menu offers a large variety of options for both vegetarians and meat lovers, all of which are nicely spiced without being so hot that the complexity of flavors is lost. Most surprisingly, the prices are very moderate. In a neighborhood where it's easy to find places to drop over a hundred dollars or more per person at dinner, it's easy to for a couple to enjoy a lovely meal and leave a generous tip for less than that. The restaurant has a real neighborhood feel yet it's in an area that mostly tourists and commuters frequent. If you live anywhere nearby or commute through Grand Central, it's worth making this one of your regular spots.
Very nice atmosphere.  Not too crowded, so we were able to sit for a while and chat after dinner.  Food was great.  Nice selection of vegetarian dishes. We had their signature beet root dumplings, and they were fantastic.  Prices are very reasonable, and service was great...although we did have to tell them twice not to take our plates away.
Very pedestrian Indian buffet. Surprisingly mediocre for a busy midtown place.
The service here was very good compared to most Indian restaurants, but the food was below average.  The only unique dish was the beet filled kofte which was pretty decent.  But since the naan was dry and the saag paneer was bland, there is no way I'm returning!
Over the past few years, I've come to Darbar only to experience the lunch buffet. To no one's surprise the price has risen a few dollars (it used to be $9.95, $10.95, etc). Right now it is $11.95. To summarize my feelings: baah, baah, baah, a little pedestrian. Bukhara Grill's food is superior in the taste department, but this place is more convenient for me due to its location. Ironically, when you're next to a Teriyaki Boy, there is no competition! Sadly, Teriyaki Boy is now closed and now some noodle place. But I digress.On a recent visit, my companion and I was offered to wait for a table or sit at the bar (there are two floors that provide the same things). We hung our coats on the back of our chairs at the bar, ordered King Fisher beers and ran to the buffet. Chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken and curry goat are the highlights of the meat section. Actually, I don't even like their chicken tikka masala because it's dry (at least I use the tomato based sauce for my naan). There are also rice, saag, potato and other vegetarian option trays. There is a pathetic "salad" section consisting of iceberg lettuce, onions, chickpeas, etc and a dessert. Last time I saw a mango mousse. At least it wasn't the soggy donut (I know that's not what 'galub jamun' is, but blech).If you are seated promptly (you may have to wait if you have an entourage), get water refills and naan, it is a good deal. Since Darbar is a popular lunch option, I try my best to get there early and eat more than two plates before waddling back to the office.IFHTP 3+
YESSSSS!!!  As an out of towner, and insatiable indian food fanatic, I am always on the hunt for good indian food in any city that I visit.  Found this place online in a desperate search for indian cuisine in the city, and found it to be everything I had hope for.  The atmosphere was quaint and romantic, and the food phenomenal!!!  They even insisted on serving our food after initially bringing it to the table which was sweet and extremely flattering customer service.   Go HERE!
Excellent Indian food.  Traditional, clean, very good service and great value
This place was just ok. I didn't see all the hype in this place. We came for the lunch buffet. This place was pretty busy, but didnt have much seating. We had to flag down a waiter and ask for EVERYTHING while other people seated after us were brought drinks and bread. The Chicken Tikka Masala was just ok. I have had better on many occasions. Usually, Indian food is very flavorful and this just didnt impress me or the rest of the people I was with.
It's a fine dine Indian joint. I liked the food and service. But they need should be listed as $$$
Very ftiendly staff and amazing, delicious food!  Will definitely go back again!
This place was amazing! The food was awesome and an incredible value -- $50 for a five course meal! Very affordable drinks for being located in the middle of Manhattan -- $10 for an excellent martini! Plus, the service was impeccable -- everyone was very polite and friendly. All and all, Darbar was one of the best dining experience that I've ever had in New York City! I highly recommend you give it a try!
This place is delicious! I had a fantastic experience here from the moment I stepped in the door. We sat at the bar and enjoyed some delicious peach mojitos during their daily happy hour and complementary appetizers (vegetable frites). In our attempt to be adventurous, we ordered chicken tikka masala. It's probably one of my favorite dishes in the world, and Darbar definitely did not disappoint. It was absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back!
Please check out nytimes.com/interactive/…to see the NY health ratings on this (and any other) restaurants before raving about it, or considering dining there.
We had dinner at Darbar on a quiet Sunday evening.  We're in New York for a week each January, and we like to mix up our dinners and Sunday was decreed Indian Night.  The interior atmosphere was one of calm and tranquility, softly lit and overall very relaxing.  We were seated upstairs near the front, so we had a nice quiet table.  To start, I ordered the green salad and my beau ordered the Mulligatawny soup.  My salad was wonderfully simple, almost deconstructed.  All parts were laid out precisely on the plate, and it made for a wonderful presentation.  I dipped into the dressing (an amalgam of a light-yellow and a dark-orange sauce, one poured inside of the other) and found it to be delicious - tart, yet smooth and a perfect foil for the veggies on my plate.  My beau's Mulligatawny soup was delicious, yet puzzling.  It did not taste like any other Mulligatawny soup we've tested - it truly tasted like a Thai coconut curry soup, and had a velvety consistency.Next came the chicken Tikka Masala.  It was good, but pretty average as far at that dish goes.  A plus, the chicken was all white-meat, which is a personal preference of mine.  The crowning glory was a dish of Kulfi for dessert.  It has a wonderful dense consistency and finished the meal perfectly.  Definitely give this place a try!
dine in or order for delivery. The lunch portion is tremendous and I am ashamed to say that I clean my plate every time, but it is just that warm and delicious. After ordering for delivery three times this past month I decided to walk there to pick up my order with my coworker. The manager of the store personally scooped up our lunch order (and padded in some extra) and they were very courteous. If you ever want to try it out for dinner, don't forget your $25 off coupon from restaurant.com.
This place has really good buffet lunch during the weekdays. Love it!I am not an Indian food expert, but I am a buffet person because I am very lazy in using my brain juice to decide what to eat during mid day, especially after a whole morning of work. They have a good selection of curry--lamb/goat curry, fish curry, chicken tikka (the red ones), love their chickpea salad, and their rice pudding/mango pudding. The vegetable curry are good too, very tasty. Should try this place out. Comes to about $20 pp after tax+tip+a coke, not bad for a really fulfilling midtown lunch to counter the effect of the bad morning vibes from e.g. boss, clients, colleagues, etc :D
i went here for restaurant week.  pretty good.mulligatawny soup: not too salty, good flavorbeetroot malai kofta: HEAVEN!  OMG!gulab jamun: sweet and greasy, as expected
The lunch buffet is pretty popular at this place. The food's pretty decent. But not the best in town. The food has been catered to the American tongue and in the process has lost a lot of authenticity.
My wife and I came to NY for a week's tour and after having lots of American food, we longed for some Indian food (We are from South India). We went there on a Saturday evening around 730 pm or so. The crowd was more white people than Indians :). When i first saw that, i was skeptical about the food cos if you find lot of foreigners in an Indian restaurant, it is given that the food is more bland and has less spices. That was not the case here. We got seated. They started with Papad and mint/tamarind chutney. We ordered samosas as appetizers and my wife and I ordered Madras chicken curry, rotis and chappathi. Samosas was served with Tomato pickle. Samosas were fresh and tasty. The pickle was tasty. My wife loved it so much that we asked for some more; and they brought that in a bigger plate. (They didn't charge for the pickle). The pickle was tasty. Then came the madras chicken curry, roti, chappathi and rice. They had garnished the chicken curry with curry leaves fried in coconut oil.  That completed the curry. It smelled good and tasted delicious. Chappathi, roti are the usual thing, was ok. This is definitely a $$ place. They charge 4$ per roti / chappathi. Yelp check-in offered a free dessert. They served kheer which was tasty too; 8/10. Overall, I liked this place. One less star for a small, dirty restroom. Their restroom definitely needs to be renovated.
Really excellent food at reasonable prices - I had a unique chicken peppercorn dish I'd never seen before, and my wife had chicken tikka masala - both top notch!  Our server and assistant couldn't have been nicer (the hostess was a bit cold and offputting, but the other service we received more than made up for it).  Definitely worth a trip.
Absolutely love this place for the lunch buffet.  The service is courteous, the food is always fresh, and there is a large variety.  My staples are the chicken tikka masala, fish curry, and whatever veggie curry they have.  I also love their saag paneer.  You can actually taste the fresh spinach and it is not overwhelmed with cream.  They always have something good for dessert.  Yesterday, they had two! Rice pudding and chocolate mousse.  The naan is free, and they always offer to bring you more.  The place gets pretty packed around lunch, but I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes.  I've never tried their chicken tandoori, but I just prefer saucy dishes.  I see alot of people getting it, and it never looks dry.  I tried their other location, I believe it's on 55th Street.  Again, same courteous service, but I had gone there on a weekend and the vibe just wasn't the same.
Why waste your time and money at Darbar?When there are plenty of other good Indian places nearby! Other suggestions: Bukhara, Chola,  TadkaIf you don't mind traveling a bit south to the neighborhood known as Little India (the E 6th St area of the East Village), then go to Haveli. Darbar is so so, but their prices turn so so into no no.
I'm deathly afraid of Indian Buffets. However for lunch one day we walked by Darbar and saw that it was decently full of patrons (and Joy next door looked too ghetto). I must admit I was impressed by the quality. The curries were flavorful and the meat was not overcooked from the constant heating. Add in a full bar and excellent wait staff and you have me as a returning customer!
Honestly, this is my go to Indian restaurant.  I have no idea if it's what you call "authentic."  I just know it's delicious!!!  I usually stick to the basics of samosas, croquettes with goat cheese, rice and naan, chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, matter paneer, and various vegetarian dishes.  Everything I've tried is great and the price is right.  Don't need a special occasion to come here!
I like the ambiance here--it's a little more classy than other Indian restaurants I've frequented and the food is just as good as the hole-in-the-wall locations downtown.I tried the chicken tandoori which was very moist and tender, something that many restaurants can't seem to pull off (maintaining moisture in chicken breast is quite the feat). The portion was also perfect, on the larger side.I also had the eggplant bartha which was delicious!! The only gripe about this entree is that it was spicy. Usually this is a mild dish. Although I love spicy food, I was really looking for a low-key, mild dish and because there was no mention that it was going to be spicy on the menu, I was a bit surprised.Overall, very tasty Indian food. I haven't been able to find better in midtown east!
This was disappointing. The Tandoori chicken was good, the curry goat had some nice spice. But so much else was without real quality or heart. It's not enough to say it fills you up at lunch -- there are so many other options close by that are cleaner, lighter, tastier. For Indian, Bukhara Grill is so much better, though a little pricier.And the service...was passable.
This is easily my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. HANDS DOWN. The atmosphere is warm, service is friendly, drinks are delicious, and the food is great *every time*. We usually start off with the Veg. Samosas and then move to the Palak Paneer and Chicken Tikka(extra spicy by request!).  Whether you're entertaining a date, visitors, or business associates, you cannot go wrong at Darbar. This place is a must in the NYC experience. Trust me. -Sid
Grabbed a quick buffet lunch here.  Food was good.  Place well kept. Just fine.  It is busy and noisy at lunch.
Solid Indian food.  They do a good job making sure the cuts of meat are lean, and I've always been pleased with the various dishes placed before me.The best part of this restaurant, however, is the service.  We took my boyfriend's 92 year old grandfather hear, and the manager could not have paid better attention to his needs.  He was very attentive, had a great sense of humor, and made a special effort to joke around with Pop and invite him back for a special dinner on his birthday.Overall, great ambiance (more refined than many Indian places I've been to), good to great food, wonderful service.  We all left happy.
K... here is the thing... If you are in or around midtown east  looking for a decent Indian meal - you are going to spend about $9.  By the way, I am a carnivore in the fullest sense of the word, so a decent Indian meal for me is chicken or lamb with rice and two veg. sides.  So, for all-you-can-eat-just-make-sure-you-have-enough-tap-water-in-case-the-curry-is-too-spicy-and-you-run-out-of-white-sauce, I would say $11 is not bad at all, all things considered.  The service is a bit slow, but the selection is nice and you definitely leave feeling you got your money's worth.
I love Indian food and I wouldnt mind paying for pricey Indian food if it is very delicous but Im sorry I cant say so for Darbar.I went with a friend of mine on a week night and we were seated promptly by our friendly waiter.I distinctively requested for the food to be at the highest level of spiciness but the food still came out bland.  I ordered the salmon tikka masala and only 4 small chunks of salmon came with the rice and it costs about $18.00Even though the staff was friendly and attentive, I do not think I will return here again because the food was sub par.
Just had dinner here. They have a new chef from calcutta. Best indian food I've EVER had!
I went to Darbar because it was close to my hotel and had pretty good reviews. The "free appetizers was breaded fried vegetable that were just okay. I'm surprised they didn't come with some sort of chili dipping sauce or something. They had a good variety of very reasonable happy hour beers and cocktails. I hand the embarrassingly named "Slumdog Millionaire," when I mentioned to the bar tender that it was a little sweet ofr me, she gladly stiffened up with more alchohol! Nice touch. I ordered the Chana Saag, basically a spinach and chick pea dish with rice. It was okay as well, not the most flavorful version of this I've ever had. Not bad. I've give it another try with friends and see what other dishes are like.
A great take out spot if you work in midtown and are craving something other than a sandwich.  For eight bucks you can get the lunch special that includes a meat curry dish, or two veggie dishes plus rice, peas, and naan.  Totally fills you up and goes great with the cold weather outside.  Although, I read some other yelpers reviews on the place and it seems like the thing to do is order take out and sit at your desk- that way you avoid the strange decor and cat friendly ambience of eating in.  Once again, lunch in midtown proves to have its pitfalls.
A friend brought me for the buffet here as he knew I like Indian food, and I must say this place didn't disappoint! Okie, maybe $11.95 ain't exactly cheap (unless you are usually a big eater!), but the quality of food is pretty good! I love the mutton curry (especially when you eat it with the naan bread!), and the chicken tikka masala and goa fish curry is pretty good too! I'm not really into Indian vege, so I can't comment on that, but they had this mashed spinach thingy which is really good! And the dessert completely blew me over - the mango mousse is refreshing while the other more traditional dessert (something like a rice pudding I think) is uniquely different and delicious!The only thing is I wish they had papadams, then it would have been perfect! Also, 1 star off as I think it's a little pricey for lunch plus the place is a tiny bit too cramped to do a buffet. Maybe dinner would be a better idea. Still, I will be back!
I can't believe there are no reviews for Darbar as of yet, because this place is as good as it gets for fine Indian cuisine and an overall great experience. I've been here several times, both for lunch and dinner, and I keep coming back.For starters, there's happy hour drink specials (many $6 cocktails, I believe), if you sit at the bar. I highly recommend trying the "Mumm Taj" if you like piña coladas. They also have mango flavored mojitos, which I am hoping to try some time in the near future. The dinner menu provides so many options that you will have trouble deciding, so it's great to go with friends and share. I'm a vegetarian so I can only comment on the meatless selections, but every entree I've had has been superb, and the garlic and cheese naan is a must try. Service is excellent, prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is welcoming for large groups, intimate couples, or anything in-between. Additionally, it's an ideal place to take clients (a co-worker brought clients from India here and they loved it), and they also have a great lunch buffet.If you're in mid-town, definitely give Darbar a try, and even if you're not, it's worth going a bit out of your way for a visit!
For whatever reason, whenever I try out a new Indian place I try their Dal.  It has become my Indian food barometer -- the test by which I judge all Indian places.  I think that is fair because as I understand it, Dal is one of those staples.  They actually make Dal in, wait for it, INDIA!  Can you believe it?  So this aint no chicken tikka masala we're talking here.  Everyone should have their own mama-used-to-cook-it-like-this Dal.  And in my Dal escapades, I've sampled some delicious delicious dal.  But today, I am sad to say, today was not that day.Darbar portrays itself as relatively high-end Indian (in contrast to its neighbor, Curry in a Hurry).  But when I received my dal, man oh man was I disappointed!  This was not Dal.  There were no lentils here.  What I had before me was watered down pea soup.   Talk about lame!  And then to add insult to injury, it didn't even taste good.  It tasted as mushy and bland as it looked.To Darbar's defense, I also had some aloo paratha (my other go-to for a new place) and it was quite well done.  The rice too was tasty.  But not tasty enough to save my bland meal.
Sooo good. The food was delicious I ordered the Chicken tandoori  it was the best i've ever had. The meat was juicy  very flavorful I will be back for sure. We also got the rosemary naan (delish)  butter chicken also great. The service was really great the waiters/waitresses were so attentive  friendly it was a real pleasure to eat here. We also got complimentary rice pudding yay!
Disappointing - heavy reliance on salt, onion, and ghee with little nuance to use of spice.
I've only had the buffet here when going to lunch with coworkers and I wasn't really impressed.  Had the palak paneer and the dal and didn't really like it that much.I wouldn't come back here and would rather try one of the other Indian places around there.
This place was near our hotel in NYC and was in the "nearby restaurants" reference they provided in the room. It didn't seem super-expensive and I know there are a lot of Indians in NYC, so we decided to try it since it would therefore be an appropriate "NYC food" choice. :DWe had a Seinfeld moment, trying to decide if we should order Mulligatawny soup, but eventually decided against it, since, as visitors, we didn't have much ability to do leftovers so we wanted to get the amount right.We ended up getting the white-people standard of Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi, with roti as the bread selection. Unlike some places back home, they provided rice without us having to order it, which was nice. All were quite good, and it was exactly enough food. Service was fine and the atmosphere was also good.
Not worth the money @dinner....good was ok but nothing great compared to the upscale price I would say...The chicken vindaloo was too chilli....the prawn curry was not so tasty...may be the appetizer like crab cake and resmi kebab were good...overall not a great value for money....Please make something Indian and not just give Indian names in american flavour....Cusine means authencity and not names closer to india...Expected more...Even a average indian restaurant will serve the same food...
Pretty decent selection for lunch buffet, and the dishes are also pretty decent-tasting.  I'm always a big wary of buffets, but this one turned out to be alright.The rice was a bit too hard, but then again being Chinese I'm pretty damn picky about the quality of my rice.I had a mango lassi drink (a yogurt-y drink) and I definitely recommend it!  Apparently it also comes in Salt flavor.....whatever that would taste like...I wouldn't really come here on my own, but it's fun with groups.
Friendly, clean, semi-fancy indian buffet.   Went at lunch, be careful, you may want to nap afterwards.
It's about $13 a person for lunch buffet, which is a deal considering how much you can get.  The food is very tasty  and vegetarian-friendly.  There's a good selection, and the food doesn't look like it's been sitting there forever.  The service is good; the waiters are good about refilling water.
I don't like darbar. The service was slow (there were not many patrons in the restaurant), and the food is subpar. I ordered one of their special drinks from the menu, and it tasted terrible. the bartender obviously didn't know how to make mixed drinks.The mulligatawny soup was OK, but my chicken vindaloo was terrible. the sauce had the consistency of water, and the chicken was not very tender. I will not be going back to Darbar. There are too many other good indian restaurants in the city.
Get the $11 lunch buffet. Theres lots to choose from. The food is good and the atmosphere is much nicer than the restaurant (Joy) next door but also a bit more expensive. Its a good place to bring a client to lunch or something  like that. Its quiet and nice.
Excellent midtown Indian Restaraunt.  Some cool stuff on the menu like cheese and tomato nan and some fusion items involving goat cheese and crab.  We stuck to the standards-  Chicken Malai was billed as a chef specialty and reccomended by the staff- and it was top notch.  Very juicy chicken in a delicious mild creamy sauce.  Paneer Pasanda was stuffed paneer (black pepper and other spices) in a sweet tomato curry sauce.  Really delicious, as the paneer itself was the star.Finished it off with cassata ice cream, which was given a mysterious and vague explanation by the waiter, but was really interesting 3 layered ice cream garnished with mango and chocolate syrup.  A really nice finish.I thought the waitstaff was attentive and quite kind, which seems in direct contrast with some of the reviews here.  So perhaps service fluctuates.I'd highly reccomend- I've been to a lot of Indian restos in the city- high end and low end, and while this place lean towards the higher end in prices- you get a better value here as the portion sizes are large and rice is thankfully included with the entree.
Went to have lunch with a friend. Place was full. Service was polite but not very efficient-the bread took a long time to arrive. The buffet had a good range of non-vegetarian selections (mutton, chicken and fish). the taste was so-so, but fell badl short in vegetarian options. The dal was watery, the curries were too full of gravy, and the entire presentation was a bit messy.  Desert was fruit cream, which was not even passable. Overall, good value for money with the buffet available at $12, but DO NOT GO there for a fine dining expereince. Do not take a first timer to indian cuisine here.
I lived couple blocks away from here for a year and it was the best indian food I have ever had. I love Indian food and the chicken tikka masala is so tasty here, absolutely fantastic. Also tried the lamb vindaloo as well as most the other popular dishes, all some of the best I've had.It's reasonably priced, quite nice inside if you go there to eat and pretty solid delivery though they sometimes get busy and run late. Overall though I think Darbar is the best Indian food in NYC, and I've tried quite a few!
Just got back from the $10.95 lunch buffet. Spinach saag  rice pudding were watery. Else was good other than that. Naan was still steaming and fresh, served in a straw basket at your table. They drizzled a tad of oil over it.The selection was as follows:Basmati Rice, Goat curry, Cauliflower vegetable medley, Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tandoori, Spinach Saag, Onion fritters, and Rice Pudding. Side dishes at the buffet were yogurt dip, hot peppers, mango chutney, preserved mango, chopped lettuce.
My friend and I were wavering between Darbar and Joy Curry  Tandoori for a good five minutes before making our decision.  We ended up choosing Darbar, which was decent but nothing special.  The decor is nice and there's a full bar and wine list.  Service, while slow, was attentive and polite.We ordered a couple kinds of naan, which lacked doughy lightness; they were chewy where they should have been crisp.  The curries were good enough, but definitely a far cry from any Indian restaurant I've tried outside of the area.Next time we'll head ten blocks down to Curry Hill for better priced, better tasting Indian food.
We were staying close to this place on our recent visit. On our first night, after lots of walking in the City, we decided to do a take out. The food was perfect, with just the right amount of creative twist to authenticity. The paneer dish was delicious and the paneer was fresh and plenty. Other dishes were equally good.The next day we decided to dine in and loved everything that we tried. The service was very good. The servers were polite, attentive, and took good care of us.
The food is better at dinner when the restaurant is less crowded than it is at lunch, when the place is packed.  My favorite dish is the lamb apricot.  Vegetarian selections are good.  Service is polite and sincere.  Pleasant decor.  Convenient location.
I love this place for lunch and dinner post-work.  The cheese garlic naan is delish, and the wines are good as well.  The servers are soo nice, a little aloof at first but really very nice when you get to talk to them.  The curries are very spicy and savory!
Having been to Darbar once before, so I had high hopes of deliciousness.  What I had conveniently forgotten was the insane nickel and diming that goes on there.  It's not cheap by any means.  The Lamb Bhuna was more like Lamb Marinara. Not spicy in the least, and so tomato-y I would have thought there were jars of Newman's Own pasta sauce in the kitchen.  The Mulligatawny had nary a lentil, but was more like a hot mango lassi with coconut pieces.  The table ordered a vegetable Biryani and asked that it was prepared very mild.  A tough, call, I know, but the waiter offered.  It was the spiciest thing on the table.  The Bindi Masala (okra) was just a stir fried mush. One person commented that a few things tasted a bit Chinese.  What it really tasted like was that we got scraps from the Friday lunch buffet.  The worst taste, was the bitterness in my mouth when the bill arrived.  Overpriced drinks, small portions and lackluster food.  The service is very good, however, and I feel like we were attended to by the entire staff.  It's a shame that the quality has gone down a bit, because it's a fairly nice space, too.  Unless I see some stellar reviews I won't be going back.
The lunch buffet here isn't that bad, and due to the proximity of my office I can't complain. Bones are left in some of the meats, so bewarned if you're having lunch with someone - as I tried to manoeuvre getting the undigestable items out of my mouth without my lunchmate noticing. Otherwise the food is relatively flavourful and the naan was quite fresh and buttery almost. I'd certainly come back.
I love this place. It is as close to authentic Indian cuisine as it gets. Amazing food, excellent service. Their Goat Biriyani is to die for..
We went there with 2 other couples. The food was surprisingly good. We chose the restaurant because one of our friends is highly allergic to gluten. We let them know and they made all the dishes gluten free so we could share. The chicken vindaloo was a bit dry but the goat curry dish was tender and flavorful, the fish moilee had a nice creamy sauce, not overly spiced but my favorite was the shrimp saagwala which was sweet and savory. We left there stuffed to the brim. We'd go there again when we visit NYC. We used a restaurant.com coupon and the final bill was about $35.00pp even with drinks. This restaurant reminded me about all the things I missed about NYC.
Went there for dinner tonight and it was excellent. The service could not have been more attentive. The food was excellent (had the chicken masala). The staff was very welcoming. If you're thinking of going here, you won't go wrong.
not bad. it looks clean.
This place is amazing. The food is really great. The service cannot be beat. Its really cute, clean, and its not loud.  My friends and I get together here whenever we are in the mood for Indian food.
Close to the Grand Central, this one is a nice Indian eat on the Lexington Ave. I tried the buffet which is reasonably priced especially with the varieties offered for veggies and the non-veggies. The nans are just the right sized (not too thick and not too fluffed). Overall nice experience. Would like to go again.. may be even for dinner.
Had dinner here two nights ago - excellent food, service and space.  From start to finish a wonderful experience.  Will be back when I'm in the City.
'Maybe' the lunch buffest is okay, but the dinner was BAD. Small portions for the price, and food just did not taste good.
We ordered the lamb vindaloo which was nice and spicy without burning your mouth off. Also had the chicken dansak pretty good but not amazing. Rosemary naan was something a little different and the bahji fritters were really tasty - such a light batter.  I've been there before for the lunch buffet which is a great deal and good value for your money.
Very good Indian buffet lunch.  Reasonably priced.  I got full quickly.  Nothing too exciting, but it's a good value.  Pretty nice environment.
Went there for the lunch buffet with a friend. We were both craving spicy Indian food, so my review will be a little biased. The food was not spicy- but it was still pretty ok. A solid selection of items but again, the only item that was even mildly spicy was the lamb! If spicy is not what you're looking for, it will work for you. I still enjoyed it but I've had better.
Boy, was this place EVER a pleasant surprise discovery, especially for the midtown area.  A few months ago, my husband and I were scheduled to meet up with friends for dinner.  We all love Indian food (okay, love is probably an understatement since we eat it at least once a week!) and have gone to quite a few Indian restaurants throughout NYC.  We wanted to try someplace new.  My friend Pierre randomly found this place on Open Table and just booked a reservation for us.  I'm so glad he did - we've been back for dinner about 5 more times since!This place does get crowded for dinner, but not overly rushed and noisy.  It probably gets more hectic for lunch during the week as they offer a buffet.  It's a nice, low key setting with a nice selection of wines that pair well with the cuisine (our favorite being the Rosemount Shiraz, which really brings out the spices in the food).  Every time we've been there, the service has been super attentive and pleasant.  The food is consistently delicious and fresh (definitely a cut above most boring mid town Indian restaurants that "dumb down" the spices in their food to accomodate the typical masses that are used to dining at The Olive Garden, etc.)  I've tried several different chicken and fish dishes and they've all been very good.  My favorite appetizer is the veggie samosa - nice, crisp and not overly greasy.  The rosemary naan is heavenly!  They have a lovely soothing chai that really goes well after dinner with the kulfi or any other dessert.The weekend dinner crowd appears to be a good mix of locals and tourists (mostly European).  In all my visits here, I have yet to spot this mysterious cat that other Yelpers have posted about!The one downfall?  If only they could get rid of those damn fruit flies that keep buzzing around my wine glass EVERY time I'm there - I don't like to share my wine fellas!
Pretty darn good Indian food.  I had the chicken tikka masala, samosas, chicken vindaloo, vegetable korma, palak paneer, and garlic naan.  All were very good and the portions are large enough to share with friends.  The restaurant is clean and cozy with very friendly waiters.  We had a full dinner for only $19/person.  Not bad for a dinner in NYC.
Darbar is a high end Indian restaurant that has a wide variety of northern Indian food. My boyfriend thought the food was great and my dad thought the presentation and flavor of the food were just as great. I really liked the dishes we ordered: chicken malai kebab, chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan josh and matar paneer. We asked for medium spiciness but realized it wasn't as spicy as we hoped. I really liked the garlic cheese naan. I thought the food lived up to my expectations, especially being a higher end Indian restaurant. I'll definitely come back here to try the other dishes but will be sure to ask for spicier food.
Darbar is, so far, my new favorite Indian restaurant. The boyfriend and I came here on Halloween night (yes, in costume) after driving around trying to find a Chipotle that was open, not crowed and was around parking. Needless to say, we were not sucessful (why didn't we just eat in the Bronx??) so we ended up finding a parking space right in front of this place (close to where we planned to go out dancing that night) and decided to just try it. What a way to start off the night. First off, the staff got a kick out of our Halloween costumes (he was a pilot, I was a flight attendant) and seemed to enjoy to have a little Halloween spirit at their restaurant. The service was wonderful and the food even better. We ordered meat samosas which were really yummy, Chicken Tikka Masala and Shrimp Biryani . I finished my meal with a Mango Lassi which tasted like it was made with real mangos. Overall, wonderful experience. I liked it so much at Darbar that I've decided to do my birthday dinner celebration there. I'm sure it'll be just as delicious!
I've been told the lunch buffet is pretty good, however, I came here for dinner.  The atmosphere is soft and not crowded.  If you are in a group and like to share dishes, then this place can accomodate that.  The food is pretty good but not amazing for the prices that they charge.
I've been here a number of times for dinner.  The food rivals anything I had in the two weeks I spent in India - and I had some pretty good food there!  The sauces are thick and flavorful without being too greasy.  Two of my favorites are the Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Malai.  The place is very clean, and the service is excellent.
I recently went to their lunch buffet and thought it was delicious. It's $11.95 and the buffet has many choices including (and forgive me for not knowing all the true names) Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka masala, a goat curry, a vegetable/chickpea curry, a seafood curry with tilapia, a curry with peas and cheese, saag paneer, and other salads/cabbage/veggies/sauces. There is rice on the buffet and they give you naan bread at your table. The place was pretty busy on a Thursday in the noon hour, but we didn't have to wait for a table. We were in and out in 40 minutes and could get back to work with no problem. I thought all the food was tasty and of good quality. I didn't think it was too expensive considering getting a burrito and chips/guacamole from Chipotle down the street costs almost $10.  You just spend a few more dollars and get all this great food.  I would like to go back for dinner another time and will definitely be back for another buffet.
I liked my dinner at Darbar, always like Indian food and a chance to eat some tasty vegetarian dishes.  I had the vegetable biryani and rosemary naan bread.  I was asked if medium spicy was okay for the biryani dish, and I said even medium-plus would be okay, and it was definitely spicy (I was sweating!).  The rosemary naan, by comparison, wasn't that flavorful.   My dinner was good, not especially memorable except for how hot it was, but overall good anyway.
My boyfriend and I went here for lunch buffet. The service was good and the food was pretty good, but there definitely wasn't enough variety for a "buffet"--there were like 5 different dishes to choose from. It was about $10/person so I didn't expect too much. Also, there was a cat that kept coming out of the kitchen and crawling under our table--that was...interesting.
I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaraunts in the states as well as many in the U.K. (if you've eaten good Indian in the U.K. you know that its far and above what the Sates offers) Because of the wide varieties of what people order at indian places I will name what I like, what I ordered at Darbar. Our group ordered Chicken Tikka Massala, Vindaloo, Sag Paneer, Rice and Garlic Naan. We loved it all! The service was great, the pricing was good considering we were "priced out" of some other mid-town Indian joints. So I couldn't give it a 5 because Ive had better, but Darbar definetly deserves a 4/5!
Really good food! Watch your check though, they thought we were tourists and purposely tried to charge us for and extra meal, our tab was $43 higher than it should be. Just saying....
A quick late dinner midweek. Excellent service, the chili paneer really lit things up - spicy spicy hot but still with excellent flavor. The chicken tikka masala was standard fare, good but not great, and the only reason the review might not have been five stars. The garlic na'an was perfect (somehow that's something a lot of places mess up) and likewise the saffron rice.  Kheer for dessert was rich in flavor and perfectly made. All in all, pretty close to perfect!  A recommended midtown resource!
Came here for a quick lunch with a friend during the weekday. For $16 this is a solid lunch spot with a friend. The buffet is quick and efficient-no need to wait for your food to be cooked! The naan basket comes out hot and fresh which was great. Overall, if you want a sit down meal for good Indian food during lunch, this is a great option :)
This is a tough one to write, probably because I know a great deal about Indian cuisine and how it should taste.  I eat Indian at least 3 times a week and have dined in some of the finest Indian restaurants in the USA and the world.We came here tonight for an early dinner.  The folks working here were incredibly kind, the service a solid 5 stars.  We had a lovely table near the bar that was very comfortable, perfect place to catch up with an old friend.  Hence - ambiance and service gets 5 stars.Started off with Bhel Puri and a plate with Pakora/Samosa.  The Bhel Puri was good, 4 star good at best.  The Pakora/Samosa veggie platter was 3 star at best.  It needed some help.  The portion size was huge for the money at least.The grilled garlic shrimp my dinner partner ordered were awful.  They were overcooked, dried out and chewy.  If this was not my best friend in the world I would have sent the dish back.  No excuse for this.The Baigan Bharta (eggplant) was 3 star.  It was overcooked and lacked proper seasoning.  I was hungry so I ate some; however,  if an Indian national familiar with this dish were present they would have sent it back.  The mixed pickle (lime achar) was amazing, some of the best I ever had.  This was a lovely surprise.  the rice was quite good as was a bean dish that came out?  Not sure if we ordered it?Prices were decent as we had several cocktails.  Again, servers and ambiance  was just lovely.  So yes, I shall return.  However, next time I will be careful about my food choices.
Came in for the lunch buffet special around 3pm. The restaurant was quiet and empty for the most part. The food selection was pretty standard Indian cuisine, with the usual vegetarian selections. Most of it was fresh, however, the rice was a bit on the crunchy stale side, as if it was sitting there for a while. The buffet option is worth the $14.95 price, and overall this is a good place to stop by for a quick lunch on a busy weekday.
The best Indian food I've had in years and I'm a picky devil when it comes to good Indian food.  If you find yourself in East midtown hankering for Indian THIS is the place you need to go.   We started with the tandoori vegetables as an appetizer.  It was amazing.   Mid meal I had to order some naan to ensure that my sweetheart and I did not pick up the plates and lick them.  We were promptly delivered a basket with piping hot garlic naan that melted in our mouths and made sure got every last drop of the sauce off the plates.   We ordered the Chana Masala and the Chicken Mirch (one of their house specialties).   Both were delicious.  Oh, one more thing:  the standard rice that came with our dishes was so lovely, I could have noshed on that plain, as it was.   I highly recommend.
Had lunch with a group of 10 and were seated promptly without reservations at noon. The food was delicious and you will not be disappointed.
We really enjoyed the food and friendly service. I had butter chick which was almost as good as home made by my Indian friend. The rice was so perfectly cooked. It was almost like it melted yet it was cooked soft and not mushy. My favorite thing was the garlic naan.
My favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. And I've been to many. The Mulligatawny soup is to die for.  Service is quick and polite. Quiet. What's not to like?
Very good food and an excellent atmosphere. The staff was very nice and accommodating. This is just the type of place we needed after being surrounded by the clatter of New York.
The statement that the customer is always right is about as valid as the statement that the lion is the king of the jungle. Both are equally baseless, have been handed down for generations, and are mindlessly parroted despite having no basis in fact or reason. A lion doesn't even live in a jungle, and is not even the largest or most powerful cat, let alone the most powerful animal. There is no truth to the statement that the customer is always right. When a business states that, it is simply trying to establish goodwill with us as its customers; when a customer states it, he or she is just a worthless cretin with an inflated sense of entitlement. Some of the negative reviews of restaurants like Darbar are a reflection of how wrong customers can be. When you go to an Indian restaurant and order something that is not traditionally Indian, it is preposterous to complain that it was not authentic. For example, cheese naan is not even a thing in Indian cuisine. If you order it, it's ludicrous to complain that it was Americanized. Due to the fact that this Darbar location is close to my office, I have had a few lunches and dinners here. I have always been satisfied with the taste of the food, the portion sizes, and the service. Hence the A-OK 3 star rating. The dish that stands out at Darbar, which warrants a repeat visit, and by itself may even bring Darbar to a 4 star experience, is the chicken kali mirch, which is available only on the dinner menu. Cubes of chicken breast are cooked in a creamy sauce that contains a mix of black pepper and a green chili paste. The heat indices of the black pepper and the green chillies combine to cover the various areas of the mouth's geography, and give this dish an interesting level of spiciness. The all white meat chicken tends to get a little dry, but that's where the creamy sauce helps to moisten it. If you do find yourself in the area and find yourself wanting Indian food, try the chicken kali mirch at Darbar. Everything else on the menu is pretty standard and consistent with the other Indian restaurants around town.
Great staff, great food!  I highly recommend this place, you will be glad you came here.
This place was okay. If you're a vegetarian  Indian or like decent to good Indian food just skip all appetizer and go straight to the palak paneer saag. We ordered samosa which came with horrible tomato paste chutney that tasted like Marinara  sauce. We got cheese and garlic naan and although it was yummy it was ALOT of cheese overwhelmingly. For an Indian place it was a bit odd, the server looked at me oddly when asking for for onions, lemons green chiles. THAT IS STANDARD Indian main dish pairings. There was very affect and care into the service.Over all experience seems like a one time thing for me
Awesome food!  Reasonably priced.  Full bar.  Chicken Madras is my go to, but branched out this time with Chicken Mirch Bhuna.  It was hot to go!!!
Food was very good but the whole experience was spoilt by the huge gratuity added after tax. 35 dollars for max 10 mins of actually serving food. And the food came before they cleared the starters and the dinner wasn't cleared before the bill arrived shame made a food Indian and a reasonable bill unreasonable
Chicken Tikka Masala, so good, the end. :)Ok, ok, the service is always spot on and the waitstaff is very attentive. Food is hot and fresh. I only wish they served samosa's on the buffet, as those are my favorites, but I never see them as an option. This is one of those places I want to go to every week, but must resist as it's inevitable I eat too much.
This was really delicious Indian food in NYC! We ordered for pick up through Yelp and it was done super fast. We tried the beet root malai kofta, roti and bhindi masala - all were delicious! Next time will have to try eating there as it looked really nice inside and an appetizer too, but the portions were really large and perfect for leftovers.Yay for quick and delicious Indian food to go!
I live I. Atlanta with a ton of great Indian restaurants but Darbar is my go to in the big Apple!  Doesn't get much better than this for Indian.  Sweat and flavor score of 5!
Tried their Goat Sukha, Goat Vindaloo and Baigan Bharta (Eggplant). Everything was good, service was great and overall a nice experience.
Very good Indian food, the garlic naan is amazing rice is perfect! Not crazy about the area, but the food is really great
interestingly, if you book through Opentable, they appear as "1 Darbar". wunderbar? I suppose so.it's a solid Indian restaurant that we've been to twice. the eggplant korma is really good (last time we came, it was a Lent Friday, so no meat - but Indian places often have plenty of meatless dishes). the potato and goat cheese croquettes are a great appetizer choice.I find it sufficiently spicy and flavorful; service is always great and prices are pretty fair. the mixed drinks are also delicious. overall, I'm a fan.
The service and the food was amazing. I came with a big group of girls and we enjoyed ourselves very much. We will definitely come back. 100% recommended.
Great food and great service. The chefs special chicken malai is very much worth going out of your way for.
Great Happy Hour Spot! This was a great spot for friends to HH and catch up since it's not very loud/crowded. Happy Hour specials were great and go until 8pm. They also have great options to snack on (garlic cheesy nan was delicious!). Would also recommend the mango smoothie, which you can add vodka to. Will definitely be back to happy hour and/or dinner!
This place is perfect for a date night or a night out with girlfriends. I got the chicken tikka masala but my friend got the chef special and it was really amazing, I will definitely be getting that next time! The naan was really fresh and delicious. We were also given a complimentary dessert. Great meal, I will definitely be coming back
Darbar is quietly tucked in Midtown East. I was invited to a dinner party here and unfortunately, the food really fell short of my expectations. I see the high ratings went to lunch buffet, so perhaps dinner was a bad choice to begin with. Chicken Tikka Masala is my all-time favorite dish at any Indian restaurant. This British-Indian fusion dish is usually made with marinated chicken slow-cooked in a creamy, spiced, and orange sauce. Essentially, tomato is the most apparent taste of all ingredients. I have a very soft spot with this dish and with all the high ratings I see, ordering this dish is a no brainer. The balance of ingredients of the dish was way too off for I tasted too much tomato puree with a strong sour tomato aftertaste. It was really just tomato soup. Not to mention, the chicken came in huge, chunky pieces but was way too dry. I had trouble cutting it. Mango Lassi is always a safe choice but their version of it was way too thick. It was really hard drinking it from the straw. I thought there was too much yogurt and not much mango. Service was very attentive and we were very well taken care of. I almost feel bad for giving this place a two-stars review but I really could did not enjoy the food at all.I will stick to my Indian spots in Jackson Heights, Queens.
If you are in the city and looking for a delicious Indian restaurant you should definitely make it here. I have ate here a few times and consistently receive great food and service. I travel a lot and try Indian in many places with dissatisfaction but never here. You won't be disappointed!!
Excellent service and carefully prepared dishes. Ambiance rather bland and would be helped by more art on the largely bare walls. Be careful about the spice levels if this matters to you. Some dishes are marked with one or more chilli peppers, leading me to believe that dishes with no such marks would be mild. Neither was. Husband's house special shrimp and my mango chicken were both uncomfortably hot for us. But then the waiter stepped in, whisked away both dishes and brought them back much milder.   Rice with mushrooms and peas and naan bread completed our meal. At the time of this writing, one naan was complementary with a Yelp check-in, and a delicious dessert of rice pudding with almonds (more than enough for two) was another freebie.
I really like the food from this place. unfortunately their delivery takes way too long. be prepared to wait 45-60 minutes or longer. in our most recent order order we were told 45. at the 60 min mark we called the restaurant. that had not even started to cook our order. i have this place another shot this week. once again i waited a ridiculous amount of time for my food. i called the restaurant after it had already. even 25 min they said 10 more minutes. 45 min later. there are just too many places to order from to receive this kind of service
I am not one to write reviews but after visiting Darbar I felt like I had to - the food is authentic and absolutely amazing! The service was second to none, the owner met us at the door and introduced himself and the severs were great. Try the chefs chicken special, can't get that anywhere else!!! Would come back here a million times
My wife and I went to have dinner there and we loved it. The Samosas were wonderful and the Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious! Fairly quiet place with excellent service. Definitely a place to check out to get your Indian food fit!
I had the goat curry to go. It was delicious and appropriately spicy. I would highly recommend it.It came with a side salad that wasn't as good, kind of hot by the time I got it home which was only a couple of blocks away.
Had the buffet lunch, for the price paid and the quality it was ok but in a city like New York much better places are available. Darbar is actually a Bangladeshi place not Indian so the food tastes slightly different to a traditional North Indian place for example. The naan bread was a naan but flavorless as they do not have a tandoor so lacks the crisp smokiness of a good naan. The saag paneer didn't have cubes of paneer as I've experienced everywhere else, smashed to tiny little balls and mixed with the paneer to cut costs. Some of the buffet dishes such as the chana were oilier then this needs to be, perhaps to make it heavier so diners consume less of the buffet.Tandoori chicken again had the same issue as the naan, no tandoor so lacked the correct flavor of this dish if you just bake it in an oven.. As I write am thinking which dish was the stand out dish from the buffet to be more positive and I cannot think of a single one, so if you're in the area and fancy a curry then its ok but don't expect anything special. Even had to ask the waiter to top up our water glasses though place wasn't busy at the time.
I'm usually apprehensive about trying new restaurants because they tend to not meet any of the hype someone else gave it. However, I have to say that Darbar exceeded my expectations. From the levels of exotically delicious Indian flavor in the dishes to the cheesy garlic naan, this restaurant followed through. I highly recommend it.
For the most part it's usually very good. I go here often. But today at lunch I'm pretty sure the cooks didn't wash the Bhagi cooked with Aloo very well because of the grainy sandy stuff in it. Yeah, pretty bad. But besides that one dish, had no issues. I've been here many times before and all the dishes were good. Staff is friendly. Good place to have conversation over lunch or dinner.
The lunch buffet is stellar! Quiet, Intimate feel, but Trendy/Casual too. Really hit the spot; I got my comfort food fix and appreciated the quality as well. The spices were mixed just right, which has a bell curve when it comes to Indian spices and the variety of possible preparations. The buffet food was fresh and as if it was just out of the kitchen. There's a large selection of buffet food, white table cloth so it feels like a fancy place, but easy on the wallet. You can't go wrong with this place. Great date spot, for family and great spot for a small group of friends.
Great service, fantastic food. Butter chicken recommended with mango lassi is a great combo here. Alcoholic drinks are strong if you're trying having a good night, but obviously stay classy because this restaurant is fine-dining ONLY. The owner is superb and down to earth.
Service was painfully slow for me, I was seated upstairs and was dining alone so maybe I wasn't viewed as a priority? The food was fairly standard indian food, I appreciate having goat on the menu, feels a little more authentic.
Unclear. As an Indian I feel like I should know more about Indian food. But I didn't appreciate this place for two reasons: lack of service (given for an Indian restaurant, but being in a location like this, I think they should step up their game), and the dish that we got wasn't very good at all. Beet balls in some curry - but there were only three balls. Didn't matta cause neither me NOR my dad wanted to grab the 3rd one. Odd taste - maybe I just don't like cooked beets. I WILL SAY THOUGH, their samosas are FRESH AS CRAP! Honestly, best tasting samosas I've ever had (and these, I know like the back of my hand).
We went for the buffet lunch. Decent food but not spicy enough for me. It wasn't anything special. I personally thought it was overpriced for the quality of the food but they did offer a wide variety. I didn't like how they left the lids of the buffet open if people left it open.
My boyfriend made reservations for us here to celebrate our 2  a half year anniversary. It was a Saturday night and we were seated on the ground floor (didn't realize there was a higher level). You definitely get the feel that this isn't a typical casual restaurant spot-- but at the same time the feel is not so elevated in ambiance that it's intimidating to visit. The staff were attentive and knowledgeable about the menu, and frequently checked in on us to ask us how the food was and how we were doing. Lots of water refills, which is perfect for this flavorful meal! We were also excited to try some Indian beers that came in beautiful looking bottles.My bf and I decided to go with the prefixe dinner for $38 each, which includes a soup, appetizer, entree, and dessert. Each dish was perfectly portioned with the exception of the entree-- that entree filled me up! The pacing of the meal was great as well. It really allowed us to take our time with each dish to chat / share / enjoy to the fullest. Below are some highlights:Reshmi Kebab: Oh my. That chicken was literally... divine. I LOVED it. My boyfriend originally ordered it but I kept stealing small bites from his plate... The chicken was just so soft and tender, perfectly seasoned, and not dry at all. I could literally eat a whole plate of it were it not just an appetizer. Definitely got me excited for the rest of the meal!!Behl Puri: At first i was intimidated by how it looked (I honestly ordered it without really knowing what it was, and from the looks of it I still couldn't figure out what it was) but as soon as i took my first bite I fell in love. Refreshing and flavorful, I was delighted by its crunchiness! I guess I could try to equate this to a salad, but calling it a salad doesn't do it justice. Such a fun and delicious appetizer!Lamb Rogan Josh: Also cooked to perfection. Tender and filling, the sauce was a perfect dip for my naan. I found myself, near the end of the meal as my belly was starting to bulge, forcing myself to at least finish the lamb... i just couldn't let it go to waste!Both of the desserts  soups were delicious as well, I especially liked the Mango Mousse cake. It was a great, cool  sweet ending to a memorable meal! I would definitely visit again.
Ask for Akash as your server and he will help you pick the perfect entree. Try the Chicken Lajawab. The perfect blend of spices.
Excellent service, good food. This place has many locals that love the restaurant. I see why!
This is my 3rd time here. So far every time I've been here the staff is super friendly and helpful. The food is also amazing. From the soup to the entre everything is well spiced and full of flavor. I'm a big fan of the prefix menu that they have. Every time I've gotten something different, but my fav dishes are the reshmi kebab and the chicken tika masala. The flavored naans and kulcha are also amazing. The mint chutney is fresh and full of flavor. As far as cocktails go I've tried almost everything on the menu and I recommend either the mango mojito or the mango margarita. Overall one of the best values you can get in NYC.
Two items I highly suggest.The first is chicken saagwala. It had big pieces of white meat chicken. The spinach was fresh and and extremely creamy with garlic and had a bit of a kick that had the best aftertaste.The second is spicy shrimp bahuna. This is one of the house specialities. There wasn't an abundance of shrimp but what was there was big and fresh, cooked almost a little on the rare side as some were a bit mushy. I loved the flavor of the garlic onion and tomato sauce.Both dishes were beautifully presented by the extremely professional and helpful servers.If you're ever in Manhattan and are craving Indian food, this restaurant is a must eat.
We really wanted a quick dinner bite and were looking for authentic Indian food: and we found it. The food was really good: we had garlic naan (a must!), chicken korma and the chicken malai and both were delightful.
Really solid and consistently epic food, great service. We come here every week craving for the dishes here.Everyone should try the Chicken Malai (Chefs Special) and Goat Korma. They are impeccable to say the least.
On 50th street in Central Manhattan Clustered amongst other Asian cuisines is this hidden gem called Darbar. A fine Indian cuisine to be exact nestled in midtown Manhattan. Debar was an excellent place to enjoy wonderful gourmet filled dishes with an abundance of flavor. New to Indianan cuisine I was skeptical on what I might feel, even after reading other reviews. When entering I was greeted by soft spoken and a respectful staff that then escort me to my table. Your serve then hands me this well thought out menu filled with an assortment of Indian cuisines. For novice Indian cuisine diners, the staff was more than happy to explain in detail the content of each item on the menu. In a few cases they gave me excellent recommendations based on my taste preferences.From the first drink to the desert, each item was saturated with flares of showmanship. Never a dull moment.  Temperature, timing, presentation and flavor were on point.  The Food was amazing and worth every penny.  My order included the following. Drinks: Mango Mojitos.  Made with a perfect blend of ingredients making for an abundantly flavorful refreshment. Appetizer: Okra Crunch, and Vegetable Samosas Scallops.  Okra crunch was quite exquisite. I was completely blown away. Definitely wasn't expecting you can take okra and make anything near what I received.  It's a perfect starter to prepare you for the main course.  I tried the Vegetable Samos and they were on point. Crispy outside, with a warm hardy inside. Main course: Chicken Mango and Fish Tikka Masala. Chicken Mango was delightfully flavorful. In clued with an order of flat garlic bread which truly complemented the dish and helps you wipe the gravy off the plate. The Fish Tikka Masala was moist and flavorful. Both excellent choices I would recommend both. Desert: Gulab Jamun and Mango Mousse Cake. The Mango Mousse Cake was unreal. For mango desert fans like myself, I was in mango heaven. Gulab Jamun, was a new experience for me so I have nothing to compare it to but I liked them. Now out of the entire order the only thing that I could say was less then par was the scallops. They were little salty and a little chewy. Keep in mind I Have worked in the restaurant business for a 15 years and an avid cook myself and I know cooking scallops, as easy as it looks are one of the more difficult things to prepare. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and reorder to see. Over all I loved it.The ambiance of the restaurant was very inviting.  The walls were filled with dark wood Decorated with sconces and art native India.  No booths just table seating that was set up in a way to allow for a nice flow were people weren't bumping into each other. Overall I was very pleased with the entire experience and would recommend it to anyone. Just be prepared to be astonished.
I absolutely love Indian food and have always frequented curry row down in Murray Hill. However, instead of going to my usual spot I decided to give 1 Darbar a chance. Made a reservation for 6:30pm and when I arrived, it was pretty quiet. Sat at a table upstairs which was empty. I actually prefer environments that I can sit and talk to my friend so I wasn't the least bit upset. It was happy hour and the waiter explained that it was only valid at the bar. He came back a few minutes later and said he'll still honor it for us. Super sweet. My friend and I each got a cocktail and they both definitely had a kick to it. Thumbs up.We ordered an order of garlic naan to share between the two of us and I got my butter chicken and she got the goat with spinach. I'm usually a chicken tikki masala girl and the butter chicken is quite similar but not quite as acidic. Still yummy though. They even ended the night with an indian dessert which resembled rice pudding. That was tasty too... never had it before.All and all, I'm glad i ventured out of my comfort zone and gave this restaurant a try. The food and service was great and if i'm up in midtown east again, i will for sure be back.
I throughly enjoyed my food. With a group of about 10+ our reservation was taken without a problem. The food was nice and the servers were extremely well mannered. I'd definitely suggest this for large groups.
I dont usually eat indian food, but after trying the Chicken Tikka Masala, i got hooked.I enjoyed the food and the service was very good.A favorite spot that is friendly, comfortable and upscale.
My colleague and I make a regular, nearly weekly visit to Darbar.  The luncheon buffet is varied, kept fresh and offers everyone a good number of meat, poultry,  fish, choices of curries, and also including tandoori chicken.  The food selections and quality surpass other establishments.  Luncheon buffet is more than reasonable--quality food for such a bargain. Go there.
Decided at the last moment to make a reservation at Darbar and it was the best decision of the day!  The food was fantastic--my wife had the eggplant did and I had the beetroot house specialty.The service was great and the ambiance upstairs was terrific.  My favorite NYC Indian restaurant.Do yourself a favor and make a reservation.
I eat a lot, and I love food. A 2 stars for me means I will not go back because it is below mediocre... And this place is. I feel like everything tastes the exact same. Literally from one dish to the next it was the same damn flavor. Indian food is about diversity of flavor and this place did not deliver that.Pros: near grand central.Cons: read above.Cheers.
One of the few really nice indian restaurants in midtown. I've been here many times and all their dishes are really delicious
I went there last night and the food was absolutely wonderful. My friend had the salmon which she raved about and I had the shrimp Bhutan which was delicious! Great atmosphere, the waiters catered to their customers with the service being speedy.  If you love Indian food this is the place to go! Will definitely be going again soon.
I may give up buffalo wings forever and just eat the chicken vindaloo from Darbar.  Came here with a date at his suggestion and it definitely turned out to be a winner.Starting with some Kingfisher beer, samosas and some cheese balls, we got off to a tasty start.  The vindaloo had three peppers beside it so I was afraid it would be too spicy.  The waiter warned me it would be spicy since the peppers are already in there but he'd try to get it as mild as possible.  Even mild, my eyes were watering and my nose was running, but it was so delicious.  Wrapping pieces of chicken in some naan with some rice, I was able to finish my entire serving.   My head cooled down after about 30 minutes.Bonus for free basket of naan with Yelp! check in!Oh, and Krystal the belly dancer was there too so we had dinner and a show!Very tasty and enjoyable time.
Great food...tried Reshmi kebab and shrimp boti curry, absolute best !!  Even vegetarian stuff is good !!
Took my daughter for dinner here on 10/28/16. The best Indian food around. Great staff and they made my daughters 15th birthday very special. Thank you guys. Best Spicy vindaloo I've had in a long time. Even better than my favorite restaurant in London. Great spot, stop by if you have a chance. Great bartender Akash, really nice guy.
Excellent food and service. I went there for the buffet because it was a good price for Indian food.  Got a huge plate, desert, and Nan for $14.95 during lunch hour. Had a mango Lassi. Was also going to have their mango pudding, but tasted too sweet after the drink with the same ingredients.  Was seated quickly and was served my Nan and drink very quickly as well. We'll worth having a quick lunch here.
I was jonesing for a palak paneer at work and hopped on Seamless to see which Indian restaurant could deliver that spinach and cottage cheese goodness in as little time as possible. Darbar was a top choice for delivery estimate so I went with it.You don't get to choose the spiciness level of the palak paneer but it was mild (which I would have chosen anyway). It was packed into one of those round plastic containers, and comes with a similar-sized container of WHITE rice. It does not look like Basmati or brown rice is an option on the menu, but they have a few other types of rice (lemon, vegetable biryani) that you can order as a side dish.You could alternately order a garlic and cheese naan like I did for dipping in the palak. Most Indian places have garlic naan and cheese naan, but the two are great together in one delicious pillow of dough.It's a little on the expensive side for how much food you get but it is take-out and this is midtown. I would order again, and I'm sure that eating in person will be a different experience entirely.
This is actually where my fiancée and I celebrate our anniversary. It was honestly pure luck we stumbled across this restaurant for our first date. I thank Yelp for that. I forget what we ordered the first time, but I think we both agreed... eating here just once a year isn't enough. This last time around we had the pre fixe menu... started with Multigatawny soup, crab cake, chicken tikka masala with naan (make sure to have the sauce poured OVER the rice... that's the best part, spread that amazing flavor and love) , mango mousse for desert (we wish they could take this mousse and put it into a cheesecake for our birthdays... seriously to die for),  and a mango lassi with vodka for an alcoholic beverage along with sparkling water. Yes, we definitely need to come back more often.
At first, seeing the buffet style was a little jarring. After all, how many times have you gone to a buffet style Indian restaurant? Upon eating the food, though, I realized that my concerns were unfounded as the food itself was quite tasty. I filled my plate to the brim with Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, rice, and various other delicacies. I dipped the naan into the sauce which remained on my plate and I savored every bite of that Indian flatbread. The interior of the restaurant is impressive for a restaurant in Midtown; the fact that it wasn't crammed to the door was a nice addition, especially since the meal was occurring around afternoon lunch time.At the end, there was some confusion over payment as I was with a large party splitting a check multiple ways. Everything worked out in the end, and I would say this place is worth a visit.
Real time lunch review, y'all!  Thought I'd try another of the Darbars.  Ordered up Mulligatawny Soup, Crab Cakes, and Keema Matar.  Order arrived about 45 minutes after I placed it.  Soup spilled a bit...was completely creamed, like the first time I ordered from the other Darbar....but more flavorful.  Well-balanced, and satisfying!Crab cakes...wouldn't order again.  $10 for rubbery patties.  Looking at the menu and Yelp pics, I'm thinking they just took the base for the potato cheese cake and put a crab mixture inside.  Some may like.  Perhaps this is the cultural interpretation of a crab cake.  But didn't work for me.  Flavor was fine...but such a gummy texture.  Couldn't get past it.  Had the potato cake been soft and more fresh tasting, perhaps.  Makes me wonder if they were made fresh, or pulled from the buffet.The Keema Matar was VERY plentiful in portion.  Definitely given my money's worth.  Nice flavor.  Some spice....though definite sweetness to the dish.....was hoping for more spice.  Kinda like Indian Sloppy Joe's with nice, soft potatoes thrown in.  I actually liked it....would order again, now that I know how they do it up.Nice portion of rice.  Fluffy.  Didn't stick.  Quality.Overall, 3.5 stars.  I'm thinking better for the lunch buffet than for delivery.  Would round up to a generous four stars, if it weren't for those crab cakes....
The food and service was excellent. It was a friend's birthday, I tried to hide and surprise her with a cake. The waiter was nice and was able to help me and surprise her.
We arrived literally five minutes before the kitchen closed (made a late reservation via Yelp which the restaurant hasn't received -- ahem, Yelp) but the staff could not have been more gracious. The vegetable samosa arrived with a delicious tomato-based chutney, the chef's special chicken was swimming in a creamy, slightly spicy sauce that I wished I could have eaten with a spoon, and the eggplant bharta was superb. Only regret is that we leave tomorrow and can't go back for brunch. Great restaurant and lovely people. Check it out.
Incredible lunch buffet.  Not to spicy.  Great service.  Perfect lunch spot.  Basmati rice was the best I've ever had. Finished up with Indian balls served in honey  warm syrup.
I wrote a review on Darbar November 2015.  The reason I'm writing another review is that I visited Darbar tonight for dinner and it's as good as the other times I have visited.  I go with the same friends and we have our favorites: two orders of chicken tandoori, eggplant korma and saag paneer.  We know the dishes are cooked to order so we don't mind the wait.  Our servers Chris and Akas always welcome us and always provide great customer service.  We already made our next booking! Thank you for being consistently good with your food and service.  Chris and Akas, see you very soon!
Came here for lunch during the weekday. We showed up a bit late (around 2:30pm), and the staff worked to replenish the buffet when they saw the four of us start to hungrily pile food on our plates. The buffet was outstanding! So many choices - chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, goat curry, fish curry, sag paneer, and several other vegetable curries and options. They also gave us a basket of warm naan that was replenished as we wolfed it all down. Service was awesome - our server was super nice and kept running into the back to get us more naan!I ate so much I almost had to be rolled out of there - they also had two different sweet items for dessert, a fruit creme and a coconut pudding type dessert I could not stop eating. SO GOOD. Will definitely be back to take advantage of the wonderful buffet!
I really recommend this place if you want to have a relaxing and delicious experience. I went with my boyfriend for his birthday and the hosttess was too attentive and gave us a table upstairs. Our waiter was Akash and he help my boyfriend to chose the dish because it was his first time with indian food and he doesn't like spicy at all. We ordered kamasutra from the cocktail menu and samosas as appetizers and for main course we had chicken tikkamasala and the chef's special chicken malai that was so tasty all the food came with rice and naan. Absolutely coming back.
I've ordered from here twice and twice threw up shortly afterwards. Not sure if it was food poisoning or whether I was just not feeling well. =/Pros:Good PriceGood PortionsSeasoned WellCons:Took over an hour for deliveryFood came coldNaan (which I paid $4) was old, stale, cold, and seemed like two leftover broken pieces were thrown together -- HUGE disappointment!The guy that answers the phone could benefit from training -- very poor customer service skills
I enjoyed my lentil soup and garlic naan bread there. The service was good. I would definitely go back. Another friend had the chicken tikka masla and another the garlic shrimp. We also enjoyed their Karma cocktail. If only it was organic Indian food it would get the 5th star. Nevertheless, I would return if in the area again. I went 2 days in a row for that soup! Yum!!
The house special shrimp ( 9 spices, onion, etc) is scrumptious! Only $20. The service is also great!
Excellent service with amazing food. Had the beetroot ball dish with naan and a mango chutney. Amazing! And they accommodated our huge group of 11, just have to let them know beforehand so they can prepare. Amazing!
My husband and I both love Indian food and this place is by far the best in NY. We relocated from another state and had a hard time finding an Indian restaurant with food as amazing as what we had in our home state.. So, for a year we have tried countless Indian restaurants from downtown to uptown and were unable to find anything that blew us away. That all changed when we accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant and by the suggestion of an amazing waiter tried the chicken chef special. It was unbelievably amazing! My husband and I are no longer on the hunt for our favorite Indian restaurant in the city! Our search is over! This place is a must try! And the staff is extremely friendly and attentive. Overall splendid experience! We will be back again and again!
Darbar is very tasty, but a bit on the pricey side ~ $40 per person for an appetizer, entree, and drink.The Onion bhajji are flat with a high batter to onion ratio. They go quite well with the mint chutney. The samosa have all the filling mashed together, unlike other places that sometimes have solid peas, etc. It comes with a delicious red slightly spicy sauce. For entrees we got chicken tikka masala. It was a little spicy but had a strong tomato flavor. The white meat was very juicy. The garlic naan was very fluffy and a little heavy. We also got the chef special chicken malai. It was similar in flavor to the CTM, but less tomato flavor.While the meal was a little pricey, there was definitely enough for leftovers, partially mitigating the price. They will make a good lunch!
Easily the finest Indian in NYC. We're big time connoisseurs too. Recommend the chicken tikka masala and chole
A friend and I ate here on 6/26/16. She and I both ordered from the Prix Fixe $38 menu. The food was delicious and abundant. My Mojito's (1 Mango and 1 Pineapple) were very tasty and just the right strength. The funny thing is, she and I both ate there about 10ish years ago, but couldn't remember "Where that really good Indian restaurant was". Just so happens Darbar was recommended to us and we were pleased to find that it WAS "The really good Indian restaurant" we had visited before! Would definitely go again.
This was a great restaurant. We had wonderful lamb, goat and shrimp dishes - all house specialties. They were excellent about recommending dishes for pickier eaters and those with food restrictions at our table. Overall, great service and delicious food.
First off, you can't go wrong with this place its 15$ for unlimited Indian food. If you are a big fan of Indian food, like me, you'll love this place. Unlimited Chicken Masala, and Naan bread. PLUS my favorite Mango Pudding. I am DEFINITELY coming back. So delicious!! I haven't ordered anything off the menu, yet, so I can't say that the food is better/worse, but I'm sure it will be up to my expectations.
Just returned from fine dining. The Hotel Boutique at Grand Central has this restaurant's take out menu in the room booklet. We ventured around the corner. The pleasant lady greeted us and asked "upstairs or down?". Since I was confused by the book and movie "Up the Downstair case", I asked what she advised. Upstairs it was and was very cozy. As my wife is lactose intolerant, she enjoys Indian cuisine as she simply avoids the yogurt. The waiter even went further and brought some roti while I devoured the garlic naan.My wife's chicken biryani was made without any dairy products and was even more flavorful than our favorite local haunt back home. I had the shrimp dish which is one of their house specialties. It was most flavorful albeit with a bit of a bite; ergo the refreshingly cool yogurt sauce accompanying the dish.We were stuffed and disappointed that we weren't able to take it with us as we were shipping out the next day. Fine atmosphere, gracious obliging service and delicious cuisine. If you're in the mood for exquisite Indian dining, come here.
I usually go to Joy next door when I need an Indian fix for lunch but found the food here to taste much much better.  $15 for a buffet isn't cheap but isn't too bad either for a really good Indian lunch buffet in Manhattan.  The chicken tikka masala and goa fish curry I really liked as well as one of their paneer  dishes.  Nan is served to the table and went well with the meal.  Gulab jamun were nice warm and soft just like I like.
Had dinner here tonight. Food was excellent and service matched.I had the Chef's special chicken malai. Loved every bite.My coworker had a salad that was more like a well prepared and presented veggie plate with a unique dressing that you spoon or dip into.She also had the chicken vindaloo. She said it was fabulous.After we sat down, coworker mentioned she was alergic to wheat. They were extra careful to make sure nothing she was served had wheat and discussed it with here for each dish.At the end, they gave us rice pudding on the house. I don't usually like rice puding but this was the best I haf ever had.Highly recommend this place as the food is excellent and the best value in Manhattan.
Dining at Darbar is always an amazing experience. They have really delicious authentic Indian food, all for an extraordinary value for the price. Darbar is pretty family style oriented so the more people in your group, the better. They have a $13 unlimited lunch deal. The cauliflower dumplings appetizer is awesome. The naan bread is amazing. You really can't go wrong with anything. The service is super quick and the staff is nice.
We tried this spot for an Indian dinner in NYC. I chose this spot based on the menu, price, and location. We came a little after five and it was empty. We were seated by the bar, but just stuck with water to drink. We ordered chicken korma, dal fry, and peshwari naan for dinner. The waiter was knowledgeable and service was quick. The chicken was very tender and the korma sauce was the right balance of creamy and spicy. The dal featured finely cooked lentils with an aromatic sauce and fried onions. The peshwari naan was toasty on the outside with a sweet coconutty filling. The basmati rice was properly cooked and we were offered more if we wanted it.  All in all we enjoyed the meal and the experience. The only reason I wouldn't give it five stars is that the menu is rather traditional and lacks creativity.
Try the paneer pasanda and potato croquettes (with goat cheese). Delicious!! I will definitely return to Darbar on 46th the next time I'm in the city.
Hands down my favorite Indian restaurant. 100% stop by if you're in the area. The food is amazing, I can't get enough of it. Definitely recommend the chef's special chicken (the sauce is to die for), and the cheese and garlic naan- SO GOOD.
I like this place for its price. We went here for a lunch buffet and it was happy to see the menu. They had pakora, 2 chicken curries, chicken tanduri, fried rice, 4 veggie curries, few sides and PANIPURI. Guys, PANIPURI on buffet. And, there was namkeen too! It is $15 per head and I feel it's reasonable. I recommend everyone to visit this place.
Came here for their lunch buffet today, and it was very good! Its $14 per person, very reasonably priced. All the food is very fresh and delicious (we sampled pretty much all of it). chicken tikka masala was great which is my favorite indian dish. The one thing that really stood out to me was the naan. This is some of the freshest naan I have EVER had, and that truly makes the meal. According to my coworker who eats here often, they make the naan in house, and it is fantastic. The service was also very efficient.
I've been going here at least once per month for the 11.5 years I've been in the neighborhood. This is kind of my "Cheers", where I'm known and treated like a valued customer, if not family. I go to satisfy my cravings for delicious meals I don't have to cook, but I always get much more. I've never had a bad meal here. The Beet Root Malai Kofta is a house specialty that I always introduce when I have guests with me. I also enjoy the Paneer Pasanda, Saag Paneer, Chana Saag, and Tandoori Mixed Vegetables. Friends love the Chicken Tikka Masala and Shrimp Vindaloo. If you're an Indian Food newbie, go for lunch and try any of the delicious dishes on the lunch buffet.
Excellent service, Great food my hubby had goat curry and i had palak paneer saag both veg and non veg food was great. Highly recommend it.
Ate hear before seeing a play in the Theater District. The food was filling and burned some of it off walking to the theater.Good:-1000 point RSVP on opentable.com-Samosa appetizers (2 per order)-Cheese  Garlin Naan was yummy-Chicken Vindaloo-Shrimp Curry was great-Palek Paneer -Good Lunch buffet price/value-Service was great (the waiter plates your food initially)-Decor and detail in the restaurant/bar are tasteful yet elegantBad:-Prepare to pay midtown prices for the food, $100+ night for two people-Update the online menu to show all the choices
Nice Indian restaurant in the Midtown East. Friendly service makes the eating experience more enjoyable. We ate briyanis which were quite delicious. I recommend this place for lunch and dinner.
Amazing Indian food!! Good service with very attentive staff. I was specially pleased with Chris, he made my visit very pleasing. We had a huge party and they were able to handle our order very well. Would definitely go there again!
This restaurant serves authentic, high-quality Indian food.  The staff are friendly and unobtrusive. The ambiance is great.  I recommend the prix-fixe menu if you have an appetite. If you're not hungry, a selection from the main entrees would suffice. Try the chicken samosas!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city when I'm craving indian food. The atmoshere is upscale but not uptight. The staff is very friendly and will make you feel welcome. I usually order veg samosas, mataar paneer (extra spicy) and paratha. It never disappoints. I recently went to Darbar  after a long day of work and it totally hit the spot. The owner even noticed my craving for VERY spicy food and brought out some special chiles for me on the side. That was just what I needed.  I will definitely be back again and again.
I treated my homegirl for her bday, three weekends ago. We didn't know where to go and looked up the place and thought we give it a try. When we got there, it was one couple there but hey, we got there at 10pm on a Saturday night. It was the Superbowl weekend and everyone was at Times Square. It was perfect for us since we wanted to get away from the crowd. We decided to try the Prix Fixe menu for $38 dollars. It was on the limited side when it came to options but we weren't too hungry since we had empanadas from a vendor on Times Square (that would be my next review, lol).Our waiter was extremely nice and patient with us because we were very confused but willing to try anything. For the soup, I had the vegetarian one, which was called Mulligataway soup (it was a special lentil that they used that made the soup yellow). That was very fulfilling. For appetizers, you know I love me some crab cakes. Since it was part of the prix fixe, they only gave one. I was kinda pissed because it was really that good. Mind you, we had empanadas before and we were supposed to be be full, (yeah, we are greedy). The entree was exquisite; I ordered the Paneer Pasanda. For dessert, I ordered the Gulab Jamun which is like four sweet cheeseballs; it wasn't the best. I actually didn't like it but my friend ordered the Mango Mousse cake which melted it my mouth. I felt bad eating her dessert since it was her bday.The grand total of this perfect night was around $100 something (I included the tip, too). It was a bit on the pricey end but that was the Prix Fixe, I wish I can tell you about the rest of the menu. I would definitely come back again. Hopefully, the service and food is still good.
Nine of us met for a Saturday dinner here with some arriving by car some by train and others by foot. Conveniently located near Grand Central, this Indian restaurant was a fabulous delightful surprise. From a good Chardonnay to some delicious drinks called Karma, through a selection of appetizers all great which included Tandoori Vegetables spicy and crisp, Resmi Kebab, wonderfully moist flavorful chicken,  and Jinga Tadka a tasty shrimp dish.For an entree I had the Tandoori Lamb Chops, oh wow so good. Also had some Aloo Gobi very tasty. Also eaten by others to good reviews were mulligatawny soup, goat bhuna, chicken tikka masala. We even ventured to eat dessert and were rewarded with a very good rice pudding, a traditional Indian dessert whose name I forget. Let me say this was a wonderful experience to be repeated again soon.
Yet another wonderful meal at Darbar! Prompt, friendly service and amazing food. We had mango lassi, Channa Saag, Vegetable Korma and the vegetarian appetizer platter and lastly garlic naan. Our server was especially friendly as was the lady who delivered the drinks to our table. Upon leaving we were thanked warmly by the manager. We always come here during our visits to Manhattan. Looking forward to our next meal here for sure!!!
This place used to be good however I visited two months ago and the lunch buffet was very poor.The chicken was undercooked and the rest of the dishes  was not tasty as it used to be.Probably new management however even the staff was not friendly. Not recommended!
Excellent lamb bhuna! Very good chicken tikka masala as well. Service was impeccable .. Highly recommend
Excellent food, amazing service. Felt completely catered to. The staff was amazing and seemed incredibly attentive to any need. The food was fantastic and I can't wait to go back!
For $10 you get a lunchbox combo deal that one of the waiters will spoon into a plastic container form their lunch buffet table. The portions are certainly bigger than Joy which is next door but the tikka masala was all dark meat though the sauce was pretty good and they seem to have a smaller selection. It also comes with a naan which you don't get at Joy and the service was way better.
No. Just no.My bf and I came in around 3:20 pm on a Saturday afternoon. We were greeted by a young man who, right off the bat, told us that the buffet they advertise until 4 pm was closing in 15 minutes. I haaaaaaaate when offers are advertised until a certain time and businesses don't abide by that. My bf wasn't too worried and figured he could eat enough in 15 minutes to warrant paying for the buffet but I really don't like to be rushed so I decided to order from the menu. I ordered a cappuccino, mulligatawny soup, and the shrimp bhuna, and everything about this whole meal was just wrong.My bf immediately dove into the buffet (ONLY 15 MINUTES!) so he definitely had food before I did and that's ok. Totally expected. What's not ok is that 15 minutes in, I still didn't even have my cappuccino. In fact, I was served my soup before my cappuccino. I'm like 90% sure the server had forgotten. I did see him start on it about 10 minutes after I ordered it so I shrugged it off and started on my soup. The soup was good if you're looking for a cream of coconut soup. There was no chicken, there was no veg, there were no discernible lentils. It was a puree. Not what I was expecting but not bad. It did get a little too much, though, w/ how creamy and rich it was. I didn't end up finishing it for that reason. So back to my cappuccino. The server finally drops off a cup of coffee w/ coffee grounds on the plate and floating on the top and literally says, "Here's your cappuccino." There's a tiny bit of foam on top that's dissipating quickly and I realize there's literally no milk in there. I grab the server as he tries to slip by and I said, "Sorry, I ordered a cappuccino. There's no milk in here. This is definitely not what I ordered." He said, "Yeah, I think our cappuccino machine is broken right now. Do you want me to get you some regular coffee?" Whattttttt! Why wouldn't you just tell me the machine is broken? Why would you serve me something really unappetizing and literally tell me it's what I ordered? I don't care if something is broken and you can't offer that. What I care about is that you gave me one thing and told me it was another and expected I wouldn't catch you. I mean, it was so clearly not a cappuccino, it just seems super insulting that he thought he could pull that off. Honestly, my mind is still blown about that. I told him I wasn't paying for that but I didn't feel like going through the hassle of getting anything else. I just told him to get me milk and I'd drink it. Another 10 minutes goes by and I stop him again and asked where the milk was. He went into the kitchen and got it right away but at this point, all the bridges were burnt. The drink wasn't salvageable and I didn't drink it.My shrimp bhuna finally came out (long after my bf was finished w/ his buffet and they were cleaning it up). The server brought out the shrimp and was like, "Oh, oops, let me get you some rice." The rice he brought was cold. The shrimp tasted so so so fishy in a not good way. The sauce was good but the shrimp itself made me super nervous to eat so I didn't. My bf got the check and paid for it while I went to the restroom but I asked him if they still charged us for that goddamn cappunccino. He said they did. I'm still furious about this whole experience two days later. If NYC thinks this place is worth 3.5 stars then NYC is crazy. Darbar sucks.
This place was the birth of my love for Indian food. Was in the city staying the night at the Marriott Marquis a few years ago. Dad and I didn't know where to dine. Looked through the magazine of restaurants and shops on the table. Wanted to try something different. When we arrived, very friendly staff. Cozy, quiet night. Brick wall with dim lighting. Food is amazing. Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Samosas...yum! Served authentic from the cast-iron ware in which the chicken was cooked in a clay oven. Can order mild to spicy-whatever your tongue allows you.  Came back ever since for my birthday, and nice dinners with family etc etc. Priced fairly. Indian ice-cream was heavenly.
I got take out during lunch today and sadly I didn't enjoy it too much. The take out platter included one meat, one veggie, rice, as well as a piece of naan. My chicken masala and saag paneer was pretty blend, but VERY heavy on the cream. The naan was old and hard, despite being wrapped in tin foil. I only ate a few bites before my tummy began to feel the effects of the heavy cream. The staff were so jaded and was almost annoyed as I politely thanked them before leaving the store.. say what?! EXCUSE YOU. Never again.
Came here with 8 coworkers for a birthday dinner. Food took 30 minutes to come out but the time flew by. Tandoori chicken - Flavorful and moist. Chicken vindaloo - we ordered it spicy but It was way too spicy to eat. So don't order it spicy. And we're from the Caribbean and are accustomed to spice. Chicken saagwala - tasty. Butter Chicken - good. Overall the food was tasty and the people were nice.
We were looking for some good  indian restaurants on yelp and found this interesting because of good reviews. With hungry palate and much excitement,We have ordered Chicken Vindaloo and chili chicken along with paratha and naan. Apparently those curries turned out to be steamed chicken dumped in Sriracha sauce with some bell pepper and seasonings which left us in disappointment.Overall, it wasn't a great experience.
Health Grade: AI had the lunch buffet here. I've been to few Indian places with lunch buffets, and this place won't be on the top of my places to go. The food was decent and fine, but it definitely could have been much better.
Food here is like a joke.  Most guests are tourists walking by who walk out disappointed.  It's a noisy and small place.  Lousy waiter service.  Buffet is cold and looks like left over, only few choices, doesn't look fresh and in fact they all look disgusting. I have no appetite by looking at them. It's not even worth $5. Unless they pay me, I am not walking in there again ever.
On my journey to find the best palak paneer in the midtown east neighborhood - delivered, darbar was recommended to me.  The palak paneer was too mild for my taste.  If you like food that is mild with not many spices, this may be for you.For spice seekers, the chicken tiki masala is a good choice here!
Very stingy staff ....resulting in the food being too expensive for the quality. Go to Indian st for much much better quality and quantity.
Food was not the best Indian food and the service was quite mediocre.  I went to the buffet too and the food was gross.
My wife and I had our wedding catered by Darbar, and we could not be happier with our choice! Mike (the owner) was absolutely amazing to work with, and treated us to a tasting at his restaurant beforehand to help customize the menu for our guests. He was always responsive to emails, and was flexible and willing to help us achieve our vision for a successful night. At our wedding, our guests loved the food, and could not stop talking about the reshmi kebabs! Mike's catering staff were all very friendly and professional, and Mike himself was there throughout the night and took special care to make sure my wife and I got some food to eat in between all the action. Overall, our wedding was a huge success, and thanks in no small part to Mike and his team. I highly recommend Darbar to anyone looking for outstanding Indian food and high-quality, professional service.
Love the food here but I feel like the 157 E 55th St location gives larger portions. Either way, great food. As a starter got vegetable and chicken samosas and as an entree we ordered Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Eggplant Bhartha. If you check in on Yelp you get a free order of Naan.
One of the finest Indian restaurant in NYC , nice ambience , good service and good taste... Little pricy but quality worth spending ... Definitely recommended
Eh. The all-you-can-eat lunch special might be a good choice for groups, but nothing tasted good enough that I really wanted seconds. It could be because we came on the later side of lunch (and the buffet deal ended earlier than was posted). I think the place next door is far superior in everything but ambiance.
Really wanted Indian tonight. Found Darbar on my phone and read other reviews, which were very good. They were well deserved! My food was hot, tasty, and reasonably priced. Would definitely eat here again on my next trip to NYC. Had veg samosas, chana masala, and mango ice cream for dessert. Top notch!
Excellent choice for Indian food.  The quality of the food is outstanding.  The service is excellent.  It was like fine dining and a moderate price.  I will go again on my next trip to New York.
Excellent service to match excellent food.  I had Bhel Puri and Chana Masala with rice.  High quality ingredients.  Give it a try and decide for yourself!
We had been here for buffet and half the items on the menu was not there and the remaining half didn't taste as expected. Most the dishes tasted the same and there was no much variety. The service was really bad as well. We had to wait for 15 minutes to just get the plates as there were no plates available on the buffet table and the waiters didn't respond well.
I came here twice. Once for a lunch buffet and once for dinner. I am not personally a fan of buffets as I do not like the food sitting out and either continuing to cook or growing cold on the table. However for a buffet the food was very good. The only part that felt like it suffered from sitting out was the rice which contained many crunchy grains. When we came here for a sit down dinner, however, the food was great. I had the butter chicken and it was much more flavorful and spicy than average. I would definitely come back again, although probably not for the lunch buffet
Decent standard Americanized Indian fare. Pleasant, quiet atmosphere, reasonably shareable portions, good service.
Stopped here in a whim and was not disappointed.  The staff was very friendly,  never had to ask for a refill,  and the food was amazing.  This was my first time having Indian  food, so, I don't have anything to compare it to, but, in any case, it was delicious.
The service was really good. There are some unique dishes that I have not had at other Indian restaurants. Very good Lamb Keema Aloo Mutter!!! The Beetroot Malai Kofta was awesome as well!  !!!
I ordered in and the delivery was prompt. The food was still hot and fresh. I very much enjoyed the meal and look forward to having it again. Thank you for the 5 star service.
Excellent food and unlimited lunch buffet for $14 it's a steal!!The service was amazing, absolutely no wait and very attentive staff. I recommend it!!! Best value in the city!
Great Indian food and nice atmosphere m, really ideal for a date night. Prices are a little higher than standard Indian places but it's worth a try if you're in the area and are craving Indian food!
Loved it. I'm usually pretty skeptical of anything in midtown. Maybe that's a bad bias. The chicken korma really hit the spot and was a generous portion - enough for two servings.I ordered for deliver so I have no feedback on what the restaurant itself or the service like, but speaking purely for the food, I will absolutely order again. I made a mistake in Seamless and sent it to the wrong address, but the delivery guy happily make a second stop at the correct adress.
Darbar is a trendy little Indian restaurant close enough to Grand Central that you can grab take-out there on your way home.Kofta actually won my vote, it was made with beetroot, so it was a beautiful color, and the texture was divine. Tandoori paneer appetizer was kind of bland and insanely overpriced. Seriously, for three pieces of fcking cheese, I should not be paying $10 dollars. I can make paneer at home for cheaper.I didn't realize I got a check-in coupon for a free dessert until after I paid. But they honored it by giving me a second dessert. They even let me pick what I wanted (rasmalai, all the way baby!)Overall, I very much enjoyed the food from Darbar. Although I feel like it suffers the same curse all Indian restaurants do: you just don't get your money's worth quantity-wise! Still, since that's the case at basically any Indian restaurant, I'd definitely go back to Darbar.
Excellent food, and great service. Beer and wine choices are limited, but go for the food!
I love coming here with my friends. Great variety. It's best to go there before 1pm, avoid lunchtime rush
Some of the better appetizers followed by possibly my least favorite Indian food (along with a place that closed by me.) Pricy as well for an Indian restaurant. I would recommend to order 4 appetizers.Location/Decor: Most non-Indian looking restaurant, reminded me of a steakhouse with those ceilings and such.Service: Nice but seemed forced and unenthusiasticDrinks:Sweet Lassi: 5 bucks for a sweet lassi, 6 for a mango. So those Mid-town east prices. Lassi was fine, nothing special but not bad.Wine (Merlot): Good pour, OK wineAppetizersChow Patty Bhel Puri puffed rice, potatoes, onions, and tamarind and mint chutney.      7.00Solid, properly priced, nothing much to say, 3.75/5Lentil soup: No Description as it was only on the Prix Fixe menu, would probably be $4.00 judging by other soupsNot bad, had a good amount of spice as well, I've had better but I have had much worse. 4.25/5Okra crunch: Crispy Okra sauteed with Mild Spices, was on Prix Fixe menu, usually $11.00This kind of felt like a modern Bhel Puri with some Spanish and Southern Influence. Not bad but the spices were definitely mild and it was quite pricy, would be worth it on the prix fixe but only that. 3/5, 2.5/5 for non-prix3.75+4.25+310.5 or 11/15Not bad.. so farEntrees Naan: (Free with Prix Fixe)Was fine, was a bit too hard in certain areas but not bad.Peshawari Naan naan stuffed with nuts  dried fruits      $5.00Where are the dried fruits or nuts. It is red colored coconut only. I have had it this way before though so I don't mind as much. Won't add or subtract as one Naan was free.Mysoori Chili Chicken chicken cooked with mustard seed, dry chili, and coconut with bell peppers.      $16.00So I go this as it had Mysore/Mysoori in the beginning. Mysore means a heavy red spice, commonly found in dosas and I was curious to see what they would do. Dish turned out to be basically Kung Pao chicken, as in Faux/American-Chinese. I wasn't happy and the dish wasn't flavored as well as well. -1/5. Oh wait it was 16 bucks for this, -4/5, as it wasn't even good by American-Chinese standardsMadras Chicken Curry Chicken with dry chili, mustard, coconut and curry leaves. $13.00Was OK but the curry leave flavor/mustard/dry chili coconut flavor was lacking, o wait that is all of the flavors. This was honestly the best of the entrees so that isn't that good a sign. Was a part of the price fix.2/5Chicken Saagwala chicken with garlic and spinach     $16.00I see the spinach. I see the small amount of chicken. Where are the spices? It was basically chicken topped with creamed Spinach that had been hardened. Not spicy, well actually not spiced. 1.0/5-1/15Desserts (4 bucks)I would have had Gajar Halwa but they were out of it so I had kheer.It was OK, not enough of a pistachio flavor but the texture was good and the golden raisins had good flavor as well. 2.5/5Gulab jamun: was ONE cheese ball. I haven't seen a restaurant that gives 1 cheese ball, I mean really. This dish is not pricy at all  and even the mid-range places give 2. The honey flavor was OK but it wasn't hot and there wasn't enough rosewater either or a sprinkle of pistachio. 1.5/54/10Totals:11/15-1/154/1014/403.5/101.75/5, so 2/5?Then again there are the prices1 prix fix (38 dollars for 2 appetizers an entree and a dessert or 12 bucks a course)1 other appetizers, 3 entrees, 2 desserts, 2 drinks not cheap, 112 dollars not including tip for 3 people.I'll reduce it down a half a point for the price and .25 for the awkward service/bad dining space.Highly non-recommended, first 1 in a long time. Not happy1.0/5
Ordered twice from this place. First time experience was disappointing so decided to give them another chance before writing a review.The ambiance is slightly better than surrounding Indian restaurants but the food has been over-priced to compensate for it. Quality of ingredients are mediocre and its a clear exploitation of the local crowd who are typically unfamiliar with what good Indian food should taste like. Staple food items like Mulligatawny soup, biryani and chicken tikka masala are huge let downs and poorly executed. A $14 chicken biryani dish should not have huge chucks of dry, tasteless chicken breast. Basmati rice was undercooked or just refrigerated for days on end since it had a crunchy, slim texture.   The buffet is probably a good bet if you are craving Indian food to stuff your face with. However, this place is far from being a fine Indian restaurant, as they claim to be.Takeout lunch or dinner for two will run you about $40, and will leave you feeling regret and an early reservation at the toilet seat.
Entered on happenstance and the positive reviews displayed outside. My experience? Excellent. I'd say they match if not trump the nearby local favorite Bukhara Grill. Excellent comprehensive menu. Naan was on point. And the atmosphere is calm and relaxing. Service is also excellent and attentive. And an excellent bartender who can make a top notch martini.
Love the Ambience ! Chutneys were Awesome ! Chicken Samosa is so-so. Reshmi Kebab was a Delight to eat. Chicken Tikka Masala is above average, just a tad bit too sweet for my taste. Rice is complementary, but just not good. The Naan and Onion Kulcha was Really good and the service is Excellent! Gajar Ka Halwa wasn't appetizing at all.  Side Note: Free Check-In Dessert: Only Kheer.
Lunch Buffet is a stealIf you love indian food, hate indian food, like indian food, or don't know what you think about indian food, you need to go to the lunch buffet at Darbar. It is an amazing deal and no matter how you feel about the cuisine you will love the food.
LUNCH DELIVERY REVIEW:$9 lunch deal for Tandoori Chicken, Veg of the day, Naan  Rice is pretty good. I have no major complaints about the food either. Overall it was good and I would have given them 4 stars except for two things:1) They needed to remove the cardamom before serving the food! For those of you who don't know  - it's a spice about the size of a pea with a very potent flavor and is used extensively in Indian cooking (one of the key ingredients in Garam Masala) but your experience can be ruined if you happen to bite into one. I know people who have thrown up from biting into this. This was in the vegetable of the day, which happened to be peas. I have no problems with cardamom - in fact it's essential for good Indian food - but you have to find a way to take it out after you're done cooking or grind it down before you cook with it! It was perfectly camouflaged with the peas and I almost gagged when I bit into it.2) Is my name Samantha Sissy? No it's not. When I ask for my food to be spicy, I mean I want it to be spicy. The food they sent me wasn't even mildly spicy. However the chicken was cooked well (though leg meat is hard to mess up) and the flavors were well balanced which is why I still liked it.I will probably still order from them in the future. I just have to make sure to give them very specific instructions on Seamless Web.
We went here for the lunch buffet during the week. Had a reservation and they placed us upstairs. Good thing they had buffets set up on both floors. The selection was ok but no appetizers like samosas. Naan was brought to the table a few minutes after we asked and was never refilled or asked us if we wanted more. There was a decent variety for the buffet including fish, goat, chicken, paneer and veg dishes. Unfortunately, nothing stood out for the quality of the food that would make this any different compared to other lunch buffets. If craving Indian in midtown east, it's a decent option for lunch.
One of my favorite lunch buffet spots in NYC!!!  Great food, great prices, great service.Went for dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised how much NICER it is in the evening....AND I got to meet someone I admired for a long time!!!!  Enjoy the pict!Best dishes:  Malai Kofta and Goan Fish Curry!!  It's good at the buffet but BETTER for Dinner!
Indian lunch buffets are iffy, but we took a chance and headed over to Darbar for a late lunch after arriving in Grand Central. We were seated right away and they had a lot of options on the buffet which was nice. The usual suspects were there: tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, mattar panner (peas and cheese), and daal (lentils). They also had fish korma and a goat curry, plus some rice, chutneys and other sauces.The tikka masala was not good, but the tandoori chicken was solid, the mattar paneer was very good, and the daal was as expected. I liked the korma sauce, but didn't get any fish as that seemed a little dicey to me. They brought plenty of naan and water was refilled frequently. Our server was friendly although occasionally a bit hard to track down.If I come here again I'll order something from the menu instead of the buffet.
Food is really good, and despite being quite busy on a Wed. night, we had no problems with the service; this is despite the fact that a table for 20 was seated near us, shortly after we had gotten to our table.The waiter, though as you'd expect, was a busy bee, that did not stop him from making great recommendations, and, after we choose other appies, giving us a free sample of what he recommended.  We'll definitely get that next time.  Delish!  He also was kind enough to give us complimentary rice pudding for desert, even though there was no reason, ie no service issue or food issue.And, the food was very flavorful and reasonable, as reasonable as Midtown gets.  I'm very surprised at some of the other comments, but we will definitely be back as quite a good Indian in Midtown!!
I went for dinner recently.The garlic and "cheese" naan had American cheese.  The servers were more interested in arranging the lunch buffet.Nothing else matters in this review.
Do not waist time nor your money please!They easily overcharge you.You are served by one and the other one brings your check, so disappointed !!!!Do not go!!!!Awful place!They charge you tip automatically !!!Why?
Love the place. I have to visit Darbar every time I am in New York (which is around once a month). The staff and service is great, the food is awesome and most importantly the atmosphere is always friendly and welcoming. Had been here last night for dinner - had the Chili Chicken and butter naan followed by Gulab Jamun. The chicken was delicious, but meant for people who love spicy food. Slightly tangy with lots of Bell Peppers and sautéed onions - it was decidedly different than the typical Indian curry. The butter naans were as usual great - and brought out one at a time - so I got a piping hot one each time. The Gulab Jamuns were great too! Highly recommend the place. Will be visiting next time I am in NYC!
Just had the most wonderful, delicious and fresh buffet lunch! Tons of delicious options to try. My favorite Goan Fish Curry and of course everyone's favorite Chicken Tikka. A must try, Rasmalai for dessert! With it's beautifully relaxed atmosphere and impeccable service this is definitely my now favorite spot! Go and try everything!
Food was really great..gobi Manchurian, chili mushrooms, rosemary naan, dum aloo and beetroot malai kofta..all delicious. Drinks were also very good, but they must've had a shortage of drink menus because they kept taking ours which meant we kept having to ask for a menu! The Karma was a great drink..sweet but not overly so, as were the others, but I can't remember the names! We tried about 5 different ones..all good :) the Staff was courteous and attentive enough..we didn't wait too long for anything (except the drink menus!) vibe was relaxed  nice..nothing overly fancy  it's reasonably priced. Food is flavorful and portions are just right!
Carefully prepared food with good presentation. Attentive service. Attractive surroundings. Reasonable $38 3-course supper with three types of bread with many selections.
Came here with a large group of about 20 and the service and food were both amazing. Mike and Christopher were accommodating, kind, and the service was impeccable - no one's water glass was ever half empty for even a second. The food was also incredible and the naan was very good.
Darbar is a very solid place for Indian food. However, my great experience there has to be adjusted to a 3 stars simply because many other Indian restaurant are just as flawless. So let me make a quick disclaimer: if you looking for re-assurance about your selection - you made a great choice. The draw of Darbar is in its ambiance. Once you get past the the crummy looking sign outside, you will immediately notice the midtown tier milieu with the fine white table clothes to the black vested wait staff. I had the chef recommended chicken malai (16). I was disappointed that the incredibly mastered mix of spices in this dish had absolutely no kick in it. Temperature wise, I was hoping it'd be hotter as well so I have more time to work on the dish. And the fact that it came in a very pretty looking but big surface area plate just sped up the cooling, making the last bits of chicken that much harder to enjoy. I also wished the chicken was prepared more tender because I don't like the feeling of too much substance in a curry-like dish. The service was impeccable. The water refilling, table cleaning, the food serving were all close to the fine dining they advertise themselves. However, I have been spoiled by the level of service in Indian establishments so I'll give credits where its due but not necessarily put them above others for it. Sorry! I will definitely come back when I am in the area. But unless the midtown real estate is a necessity, its still hard to beat out the pricing and similar levels of service and polish in places like Seva (yelp.com/biz/seva-astoria) in my neighborhood.
Really think this place deserves 3.5 stars. Food was good... Chicken Tikka Masala did not disappoint and the garlic naan was great. Service was pretty slow. Definitely waited a good hour for our meals so don't expect to be in and out. We sat upstairs which has a little better ambiance. Nice exposed brick walls but it was a little too bright. Make sure to grab a drink at the bar before sitting if you're there early... Happy hour prices are $5 and $6 for beer, wine and cocktails.
Absolutely blown away!  I am a huge fan of cultural food now that now palate has grown beyond fathom.  This place was perfect for flavor, authenticity, service, professionalism and I will be back!!  It has become one of my fav's in NYC.
Food was good, but the rating is less than average due to the service. We came as 5 couples, the waiter when speaking to one of the couples said something along the lines of, "Are you getting appetizers? All the other couples are getting appetizers. Are you getting one too?" The waiter had no idea what the budget that the couple was working with and he specifically addressed the male in front of his date. That was rude and intimidating and there wasn't a call for that at all. Furthermore when the waiter to me and we put in our order, he made an assumption that we were sharing a dish, and told me how it could not feed two people. First of all he was wrong, as we were going to order an additional entree, and second of all it's not his business how much food we do or do not order. He needs to mind his business. Won't be going back if I can help it.
From my prior reviews of this place, it is clear that I was a big fan...no longer. I went today and the CTM was horrible; it tasted like a bland salty tomato soup. First time in my life I did not go back for seconds at an Indian buffet.  I think one of three things is going on here 1)They just had a very off day (hey, it happens) 2)New person in the kitchen and/or  3)They are putting out food without tasting it. The CTM was unrecognizable. Big let down.
We have enjoyed Indian cuisine many places around the globe.  However we may have enjoyed the balance of spices in the dishes we enjoyed at Darbar as much or more than ever.  They welcomed us for an early dinner when an east 49th Indian restaurant locked the door as we approached.  But that had little to do with the lovely customer service, the lovely blend of ingredients in the mint,cilantro, etc. And tamarind sauces we enjoyed.  Nothing exceeded the complex and satisfying tastes we experienced in the chix and lamb house specislties.  Thank you Darbar for making dinner on our final night after a snowy, bitterly cold week in NYC a memorable meal!
Excellent service. Nice atmosphere.  Clean and well maintained. Menu offered a wide variety of classic Indian dishes prepared to your liking.  They staff is knowledge and accommodating. I would have liked a Thali option, but that is my only negative comment. Otherwise fabulous.
My best friend from Singapore had come to see me.We have been restaurant hopping and shopping every single dayOne of the days we decided to have Indian food.We came to Darbar for their lunch buffet which was 12.99 per personThey had vegetable Fritters which I believe are called Bhajiyas, Daal, Chicken Tikka Masala,Goat Meat Curry, Chicken Curry,Aloo Gobhi, Palak Paneer.They served Mango Lassi on the table.For dessert they had burfi. The food was good and the service was not bad. We had a good Lunch at hot Summer day.The restaurant was decorated with ethnic flair and looked clean. Overall the food was great.Only thing left to be desired was the Chicken Biryani. Its my favorite and I wish they had too.
We had Lunch Buffet. For a person like me who mostly eats Indian food when out, I would place it at the very bottom of my list. The vegetable pakoras were tasteless and too oily, in shahi paneer- the paneer was old and frozen makes you forget the curry taste, dal was tasteless, Rajma was okay but they used just the usual Rajma masala and no flavor of their own, saag was weird and seemed like they used canned veggies, dessert- sweet seev was more like daliya ! Wouldn't recommend unless you are famished because there are certainly way better places in NYC. Buffet price- $15
Indian food in Midcity East walking distance from Grand Central. Not very quick at all but very tasty.Try the cheese naan. It's fluffy, delicious, and has a nice smattering of garlic and cheese. The butter chicken was delish. Spicy  flavored, as Indian food should be. The chef's special chicken is roasted in an oven then baked in a curry. It was very good, but not strong flavors. I actually used the curry to "mild-up" the butter chicken sauce, since I am spice-phobic.  Each dish was around $16, so a little pricy.Kheer for house dessert (free with yelp check in) was good too. Ambiance is trying to be a little upscale but still comfortably casual, without being a to-go kinda spot.
One of the best Indian restaurants in midtown. Dinner is great, particularly the matter paneer. For best experience ask to be seated upstairs, and see if you can be served by Chris
