As a food  lover I was highly  disappointed with the service at Buddakan. The food was good but didn't match it price tag what so ever. The appetizers served so fast that my GF and I didn't even had the time to enjoy the wine. There was a 15 min gap between the first and the second entree, when I asked the waiter why does it takes so long he came out with a lame excuse..."the restaurant is too big"... why should I care...?At the end of the dinner (45 min after we came in- world record) we spoke with the manager and told him about the service and the waiter and he decided to solve it by saying: "I will talk to him, so sorry". I was shocked, but based on their reaction its seems like they used to such a criticism from client but they just don't give a shit. Never coming back, there are way too many good restaurant in NY that I would prefer to spend my money at...
Atmosphere was terrific, interesting decor, very attractive.  Selection of background music and sound level very fitting.  Everything we ate was excellent  beautifully presented.  Server was a bit robotic but he was helpful  did his job well.  Bartender  host were friendly  accommodating.  We were pleased with this restaurant  would recommend it.  We will return!
I've been here twice and its one of my favorite restaurants in New York City.  Everything on the menu seems to be executed perfectly.  The service is also attentive and friendly without being bothersome. The lobster fried rice, edamame dumplings and pork belly are my favorites.
I don't like repeating restaurants but Buddakan it's a restaurant that i will never stop visiting. They offer excellent cuisine, with a great selection of authentic dishes to tantalize the taste buds. I've been to this restaurant more than 6 times and I am surprised that I've never left a review but this restaurant has excellent ambiance, nice food, worth visiting once if you are in the NY area.
It's Buddakan........chill vibe as soon as you walk in the door(if you don't walk right by it the first time) as you're greeted by a desk that resembles hotel check in.  The host/ess will probably ask you to go have a drink at the bar while "you're table is prepared".........don't fight it, just go grab your $18 cocktail and enjoy the decour.Once seated, enjoy as even though it has lost a little something since it first opened it is still an enjoyable night with an attentive staff.  Order a variety of dishes to share and get a main dish for yourself.  Pay your $500 bill(give or take) for 4 and enjoy strolling out into Meatpacking with a nice meal to soak up the alcohol you'll undoubtedly consume throughout the rest of the night.If you have visitors from out of town, take em here just for a drink.  You'll def get that WOW factor if they've never been.***Wheelchairs - Make sure you have a strong friend to help you up the 4 or so steps upon entry.  Buy him a drink and he'll be the one thanking you***
Buddakan is Asian fusion done well; there is none of that P.F. Chang's nonsense to be found here.Start with the edamame dumplings; the white truffle oil in there gives it a nice taste. For for short ribs, black pepper beef, lamb chops, pork belly, sausage fried rice and the lobster fried rice. The food comes for family style dining, and each one delicious and keeps you wondering what the next one will be. The presentation of the food is also quite beautiful.The cocktail menu is not bad, and I've always enjoyed the Solid (a bourbon concoction). You might not get full if you have a larger appetite, but it's a good place to sit and chat with old and new friends.
Attention fellow Celiacs: I know this place doesn't have a designated Gluten-free menu, but they are extremely accommodating. I booked a reservation on OpenTable, and gave them a heads up about my condition, and the waiter was extraordinarily helpful with regards to pointing me toward dishes that they could make gluten free. Oh, and the food was absolutely delicious, and the place is beautiful. Things got a bit slow, but that was because so many diners were there and the restaurant is so big. The place was packed. Also, if you don't want to take your time enjoying company and food, don't go out to eat. I would love to come back.
Best place to take your out of town guests! Absolute NY sexiness and mystery all dwell in this spot. Ladies go dressed to impress any Vogue editor as this restaurant felt like a fashion show at times. Now down to the food. I always follow the advice of my fellow yelpers and so ordered the edamame dumplings. I was not disappointed at all. I then ordered a black bean tofu dish that was equally marvelous. Order lots of sides because I found that the portions are small and made to share. This review is based on memory and so I apologize for the sketchy details but maybe the following will be helpful. What made Buddakan memorable was the sex and the city atmosphere. Food will not disappoint you but the atmosphere is what will keep you coming back.
Drinks, dinner, chops sticks and all, love it!
Ahhh...YUM!  This was a great experience while in NYC.  Highly recommended by multiple friends.  I loved the atmosphere, and the food was delicious!!  I recommend the edamami dumplings, glazed pork belly, and chili rock shrimp!  Great place for groups as well.
This was my first time here and I'll admit I enjoyed the ambiance/decor more than the food. I ordered the General Tso dumplings (delicious) with the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice w egg (the rice was a bit too course for my liking) Overall, the service was great, but the food could have been a little better. I give it a 6 out of 10.
You go to Buddakan more for ambiance than for consistent cuisine. The food is good, albeit pricey for what it is. What are you getting? Asian "fusion" in it's prime. But consistency is where this restaurant sorely lacks. I've been over ten times (this resto is big with the out of towners) and can say I've always returned one item or been disappointed by a couple of plates. The way it works is you order several plates, family style and share. Avoid the duck at all costs, better duck can be eaten in Chinatown. "Fancy" Buddakan duck is sorely lacking (in flavor and flare). The dumplings are delicious (but again see Chinatown for delicious, cheap dumplings). The service is usually stellar and they were more than willing to accommodate when I've returned items for being over-seasoned or salty or even just bad. The people are beautiful, the cocktails are delicious. You go to see and be seen (and maybe a bit in between). #unintentionalrhymeskills
Great if you are a tourist or fresh out of college. Not great if you are a local, have standards for service, and recognize there are better places in New York.The food and ambiance were good, but I can't say the same about our server, Erik (I think that's his name). I came here for a birthday party on 12/5 with a party of 10. First, the staff was very accommodating even though a few people in our party were late (they won't seat you until your entire party is there). Second, the food was very good- I highly recommend the edamame dumplings, the chili rock shrimp, the mongolian lamb chops, and the tea smoked beef. The meat was really tender, and each dish was unique from the other, as opposed to some asian places where everything tastes like a variation of the same thing. The cocktails were forgettable, however.To start, we ordered 6 appetizers, 4 entrees, and two noodle/rice dishes and asked to keep a menu so we could order more. Erik had so MUCH attitude about this. He said, just so you know, that is only 4 entrees, and you have 10 people. Yes, thank you, I have a postgraduate degree and can do basic math. I really hate it when you order to share at a FAMILY STYLE restaurant and servers get annoyed that you are not ordering an appetizer/ entree per person. So, whatever, we continued to enjoy our meal. I had told Erik that it was my sister's birthday, thinking that, you know like any other place, they would bring out a dessert with a candle in it or something. At the end of the meal, he asked us if we wanted dessert, and no one was into it. And then...he brought us our check. He either completely forgot about the birthday, or was just pissed because we did not order the 1:1:1 ratio. At that point I just wanted to get out there. When our bill came, gratuity was added automatically. Apparently Buddhakan has not gotten the memo that it is now illegal to add gratuity to a bill automatically in New York. Disgusted, I paid (minus the "additional gratuity" they ask for on top of the automatically added 18%). It was surprisingly cheap- $50 a person total, including paying for the birthday girl, but still not worth it to me.
Buddakan is a really fun place to come. A big, loud restaurant, Buddakan screams style and success. We came here with a group of 8, and everyone had a blast. They have a huge staircase that takes you downstairs where they have additional seating. But the huge staircase means that the ceilings are really high, at least in part of the space, which I love. We all ordered cocktails (tasty!) and lots of dishes to share. The Dim Sum is great! We had the edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings, boneless spare ribs and steamed bass roll. We also shared the tea smoked pepper beef, lobster fried rice, glazed alaskan black cod and sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp. All excellent! A pricey evening, so make it count for special occasions!
I was skeptical.  Very skeptical of the trendy curse.  You know, the curse where it's uuber hot on the inside...but the food makes you say "meh."Well, Buddakan somehow has missed the dreaded curse.  All the rumours about the ambience and decor are true, one star for you Buddakahn.  The drinks are amazing, another star.  The service and friendliness of the staff are impeccable, another star.  Food....oh, how can I describe the food without droning??  Well, I've eaten all over the world in many, many fine dining establishments...and Buddakan is hands down one of the best.  Boy, you're really racking up the stars from me.  Finally, the price.  Ahhh yes, the price.  I feel like for everything we experienced, it was a runaway bargain.  For two people with 4 drinks, an appetizer sampler, fried rice, and two entrees=$150.  We left stuffed, happy, and entertained.  Next time we're in your hood Buddakan, we WILL meet again for a rematch.
I went there with a group for my 26th birthday; coincidentally we all have birthdays in November and it happened to be my bday that day. The ambiance was beautiful. I recommend having a reservation to avoid a long wait. The food is quite pricey so be prepared to spend! The food is worth every penny! I drank a lot of Riesling that night so things are a blur but I do know those lobster egg rolls were ON POINT! I shared a rice bowl with the group I was with. Sharable portions for some items. The food is just so darn good you may have two orders of the same thing because its just that good and the some of the servings aren't filling.  After the 4 of us racked up a bill of like $400+, the waitress wanted to charge us an additional plating fee for us to eat our cupcakes that we ordered from Molly's ( which are superb btw). I felt she could have given us 4 saucers for us to eat our birthday cupcakes. The was charge was $25 for the plates (ridiculous). I would visit Buddakan again and again. Great place for a date night.
over rated Chinese fooddecor is nice but not worth the price u are payingfood is decent at best...soggy and oilywill not come again
I came here on a Saturday night with a handful of girlfriends and I was immediately blown away at the hip ambiance and decor. The space is over-the-top huge and is decked out with exaggerated touches like larger than life chandeliers and electric-colored grates, all while sexy house music plays in the background as the score.The service was amazing and our waiter, Paul, was super knowledgeable and passionate about the must-haves on the menu, candidly sharing his opinions about what his favorite dishes were.  All in all, Paul was not only friendly and witty, but he was oh-so-attentive and made sure that my party was well taken care of.  As for the food, the edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls were to die for!!  Everything came out very timely and was plated meticulously.  What's more, the cocktails were oh-so-tasty -- and boy did they pack a punch!!  Dessert served to polish off the meal perfectly, though in retrospect, I could've gone without having those few extra calorie-ladden bites of heaven.
Great ambiance, decor and terrific service. With the trance exotic music blasting in the background, this is a great place for friends and after work hang out. Definitely not for family occasions. If you come here with the expectation of dining in an expensive authentic Chinese restaurant, this is not the right place to spend your big bucks at because what you are getting are fusion Chinese dishes.I left Buddakan with a curious and lingering afterthought, the food does not possess great Chinese flavor, some no flavor at all, but the execution of the food is good. Should I rate this based on Chinese foods that I've grown accustomed to or separate ratings with the Asian fusions, overall execution of food or flavor?We ordered based on our favorite Chinese dishes and the recommended meal per Yelp-ers reviews:(Appetizer) Chili Rock Shrimp 4/5Its a spicier version (probably Sriracha Sauce) of Honey Walnut Shrimp minus the sweetness. Its an inspired combo of crunch and creaminess which pops in the mouth like malt. Were it a tad sweeter it would have been perfect for my taste bud. (Appetizer) Steamed Sea Bass 4/5 Closer to its authentic Cantonese Steamed Fish. Probably my favorite meal of the night. Topped with generous helpings of sliced scallions and ginger. The ginger was amazing as it was deprived of its strong ginger flavor and was sweet. The fish was soft as butter and the flavor was top notch and well balanced. Short Ribs 2/5Soft and tender. Served on a bed of flat rice noodle (Shahe Fen or Kway Teow depending in which part of the world you're at). Flavorless. Ma Po Tofu 3/5Unlike your Szechuan-ese  Ma Po Tofu with different layer of spicy flavor coming at you at waves, this was sweet and acidic. Which was not bad. The tofu was cut perfectly into bite size pieces and have great texture. Leaves me wondering if this would make a great topping for a noodle dish. Stir Fry Green Veggies 3/5 Legumes in stir fry are good for texture. Crunchy and savory. I liked it.Lobster Fried Rice 3/5 I'm usually a sucker for good fried rice, but this is way overrated by Yelp-ers. I'm giving it a generous 3 cause I'm too kind for these sort of comfort food. Just standard fried rice with expensive ingredient. Would I come back for its expensive meals? Not by my choice; if I did, its not for the food but for the great hang out atmosphere. But what an expensive hang out place.
It was my first time dining at Buddakan, and I was quite impressed with the whole experience. First of all, I'm allergic to gluten.  (We're not talking fad "allergic;" we're talking sick-for-days allergic to wheat and its grainy cousins.)  Our server, Corey, did an awesome job of guiding me through what was/wasn't safe for me to eat on the family-style tasting menu (Tasting Menu 2).  In cases where the tasting menu items weren't going to work, he offered up great gluten free alternatives that were absolutely delicious, like the Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng: paper thin slices of some of the best yellowfin I've ever tasted with just a hint of pineapple and sweet chili.Other big winners of the evening were the lobster fried rice, which had big, buttery chunks of lobster, and the Sweet  Crunchy Jumbo Shrimp, which completely lived up to their name.The atmosphere is chic and trendy, but not stuffy.  The decor is oddly elegant in a gothic castle-meets-ancient Buddhist temple kind of way; massive chandeliers and wax-covered candelabras commingle with abstract wood-cut dividers and Asian accents.All in all, the tasty food, unique atmosphere, and great, attentive service made it a memorable evening.  I plan to be back for seconds.
Yes, I'm a fan! The place is decorated very nice and their drinks are a must have. But my service was a little off. Not sure if I just went on a  bad night. I would definitely be returning!
Love Buddakan, that's all, food is delicious .... pricey, but excellent.
Went here on a first date, wonderful experience. The decor is beautiful and it has a great atmosphere. We where seated in the main dining room. The service was excellent and the food just couldn't have been better. Loved everything about this place.
Basically a more expensive P.F. Chang's.  Nothing special about the place.  Does have a neat atmosphere, but food quality was low.
What an amazing experience!   From the cool sexy atmosphere to the phenomenal food and drinks,  this place is a must visit.   The edamame dumplings and the kung pau monkfish are outstanding.   If you can't decide which appetizers to order,  get the Bo Bo plate.  This will allow you to sample 5 different items.   Be sure to make a reservation well in advance.   This is a popular restaurant and a great place to visit as a couple or with friends.
I was really excited to come here and love this place. I was coming with great friends, the place is trendy, atmosphere known to be beautiful, etc.Once we got to our table, all of that was true.  Our server was incredible as was the food.  (Wine list was weak but who would come here expecting a good wine list anyway?)Until we got to our table, it was a disaster.  40 minutes of waiting even though we had a reservation and no one cared.  After 30 minutes, I complained and was told that a manager would come talk to me right away.  I might as well still be waiting...  What shocked me the most, however, was one of the hostesses who while we were waited to be seated, started to talk to me and make fun of certain clients saying that they were "caricatures of themselves."  I may be oversensitive but found it not only completely inappropriate, I wonder what she started saying about me after I sat down.Now I did say the food was delicious and that truly was the saving grace.  In particular, I recommend the edemame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, black cod, and crying chocolate cake.You may be asking yourself if the food was worth the hassle and should you take the same chance?  Your call.  I won't be coming back but I've already experienced it.
One of my favorite dining experiences in NYC to date (that's after 8 months of a major foodie fest all over the city).Totally thought it would all be all about pretentiousness and glamorous people and would therefore fail to WOW the taste buds - boy was I wrong. Food was impecable, in presentation and flavors. Currently trying to find an excuse to go back to sample more of the menu.DO's:- Dumplings to start (little parcels of joy for the mouth -A MUST)- Sea Bass (closing my eyes so I can try to remember that scrumptious taste! This was one of my favorite plates of the night)- Short ribs - so tender it melts in the mouthI liked the dessert but thought the main courses were far superior...DON't:- Over order desserts, instead try a good selection of the main courses to get a real flavor of the place.Until next time.....enjoy this place on my behalf please. Mmmmmm!
I used to like this place a lot when it first opened, but now not so much. The crowd has changed; all these wannabe people who think they are attractive and want to feel "cool". The service used to be good but that went downhill. Food is still great though.
Pricey place to go, but worth every penny! Food was melt in your mouth good, cocktails amazing, and how do you not feel like you are sitting in an episode of Sex in the City? The decor was absolutely breath taking with a grand staircase that takes you to your table. We sat in the library which was a little tucked away from the rest of the restaurant, but I loved that because the music was a little loud in the bar. But, that might just be because I'm in my mid-30s. If you hit Manhattan, hit this place. But, you'll have to get a rez!
By far my favorite restaurant in the city.  The food is absolutely divine.  The crowd is nothing but eye candy.  The fashion is ridiculous.  The ambiance is Westside trendy meets old world glam!  The cocktails should be illegal. The service impeccable.  The place to see and be seen.  Go. Just go.
We went to Buddakan for my birthday and had so much food, my stomach hurt, but in a good way.  We had the crispy duck spring rolls (3 stars), tuna tartar (4 stars) , sea bass roll (4 stars), short ribs (4.5 stars), and the black cod (4.5 stars)... out of 5 star rating.   The food was excellent, the space breathtaking and the single women crowded around the bar were decked out for the night, as if replicating a scene from Sex and the City, the entire bar seemed to order cosmos.  Be prepared to spend serious money.
I have nothing but good things to say about this newly opened Salon. I originally started getting my haircut on the MIdtown Dramatics location with Jet, he let me know he was opening his own salon (YAY) and of course I transferred with him. This is a very chic, but inviting space. Every person you interact with is genuinely nice which you don't commonly find in upscale salon  spa's. I feel at home here, not to mention the everything is adequately priced and the cuts are amazing. You would be a fool not to start getting your mane tamed here!
Eh. It was so hyped up by my friends and coworkers that by the time I was finished - I had the "eh" face. Don't get me wrong; the food was good, but the "WHOA" just wasn't there. The duck salad was the only dish I really liked throughout the whole meal. The peppered beef, which was rib eye, was a bit on the dry side. Fried whole fish, which was Mediterranean Sea Bass, was pretty decent - the sauce had a spicy kick to it. * I think some local Chinese takeout make better food - not the platting - I definitely give them points for platting. Dim sum huh? * I want to sit at the large table downstairs. Mingle. * my date was just freaking attractive.
Amazing meal from start to finish...highlights were pork buns and scallops. Service was great. Ask for seat along edge of second floor - great views.
On Dunsuki hair salon on 62nd st. Ny, ny.  I want to thank Sunki and Joseph for treating me so badly that I had to find another salon.  And let me tell you how good the new Saloni is.  I am so greatfull to both of you because I get a fabulous haircut and I would have never experienced this pleasure if it wasn't for both of you!
Great vegetarian food, especially the carrot dumplings!
Overrated in my opinion.  The main room is jaw dropping gorgeous.  They serve pan-asian food. Nothing too spectacular :-) I had the lamb that was good
Great for groups. We asked them to serve a selection of their best dishes and were not disappointed. Amazing food and service.
Came here for a friends birthday dinner earlier in the year. We met in the upstairs area, which was very dark and packed. I think theres was little ambiance music playing. We were placed at one end of the long table downstairs. A party of about 12 people. There was another group dining on the other end. My friend chose this place because they had options for his vegan diet. I dont remember most of what we had, I tasted everyones plates and just knocked back glasses of prosecco. The food was all just ok, nothing irreplaceable or memorable. I do remember though the waiter was impatient and had plenty of attitude for us. Nothing really urging me to return, again it is out of my way in the meatpacking, but if I were to return, I would probably just kick it in the small lounge area upstairs.
Ambiance of this place is great.  Decor is beautiful.  Came with some friends and sat in the main dining hall downstairs.  Our waitress was very friendly and recommended some great dishes.  Edamame dumplings - yumTuna tartar - goodScallion pancakes - really good, definitely order itBlack pepper beef - deliciousBroken chili chicken - meh, I will pass on this next timeAlmond bread pudding - amazing, you have to order it!
I usually am underwhelmed by these nouveau-Asian places the put western spins on things but Buddakan won me over.  The food actually tastes good, the service is decent, the interior is lovely and the drinks are good too!  You can find better Chinese, Japanese, etc. food for much cheaper in their respective ethnic neighborhoods but the experience here is great.
With 156 reviews already, one more can't hurt. Besides, I haven't reviewed anything in a while due to being holed up doing projects.I did emerge though, this weekend and celebrated one of my brother's (#3) birthday's with a family dinner at Buddakan! Yes, we do family dinner's for birthday's - some people still love their families you know!Anyways.I loved the space - especially how different areas were just that, yet the decor flowed. I guess they really try and wow you and boy do they!The cocktails were fabulous, even if the names were a bit too trite. I like that they served family style, because well...I was with my family and we poach from each others plates all the time. It's the same saliva people!Anyways.I liked that even with all of the over the top decor, cutesy drinks and the, admittedly, pricey Asian fusion, it was a great dinner. Our waiter was lovely, he even listen to my dad's strange story about beer glasses without looking bored. The food tasted like it looked, clean flavors and beautifully prepared. I liked their menu because they offered a wide variety of proteins, and a good selection of veg-only fare. Definitely someplace for an occasion and I want to come back for a cocktail in the future. Maybe with less family.**I do agree with Ro N. about some of the clothing choices of the out-of-town diners. I mean, come on! Did you have to wear a striped cardigan set with khaki pants lady with shellacked Mid-Western hair?**
Finally came hoping to catch a glance of Dale from Top Chef.  Didn't see him but we had a great time.  1. Awesome drinks2. Great, mixed crowd (from teenagers on dates to tourists to trendsters)3. Nice decor/vibe. Love the tall ceilings.4. Great food...we ordered like 7 different dishes and all of them were excellent (good dumplings, fried rice with egg, AWESOME lobster with leeks).  Great rendition of Chinese fusion.
Best in everything. First of all the ambiance in this place will knock u off your feet. The music and sound system that have was amazing. Lovely loungy music that truly makes this feel like new York. Beautiful dining hall and high ceilings. And the food. Unbelievable. Fresh different and tasty!! Very well priced. Waitress was so professional and was there exactly when u needed her. Not over doing it like some places do. Manager came by to check up on things and say hello which I love as it shows just how much they care about each guestGreat place to celebrate ur bday And dress up for a great time.
Food was amazing.  Small portions, and expensive, but worth it.  The down stairs is breathtaking.
The place is cool and the food is good but slightly overpriced. I think you pay for the experience/atmosphere rather than for the food which although good you can get even better for more reasonable prices elsewhere.
Very nice atmosphere. The service in very professional and the food was amazing but slightly overpriced.
The second best thing about Buddakan was definitely the ambiance... It's a huge space and they have it laid out very well. Very different, dark (which I love), and each room has a different aesthetic. The cocktails were great, and every dish I tried was better than the last. The edamame dumplings which sounded pretty dull, were probably the best thing I ate all night. Could have eaten three servings of them as my meal.
The food is excellent. Love the lot stickers!! Been here 2 times. Had the same waiter. He was good the first time. I think he was even better the first. Would give five stars, but the hostess was not too pleasant.
I really enjoyed Buddakan, a bit pricy for the quality/quantity of food that you are getting, but nonetheless, the service was solid, the environment was cool and the food was good. I would absolutely go back.
The food and customer service was awesome!  All I can say is definitely check it out for yourself.  It lived up to my expectations.  I'm definitely looking forward to going back soon.Oh, you must try the chili rock shrimp.  Delicious!!!!
Interior space is something to be seen. Food surprisingly unremarkable, tasted just like any other asian of cheaper price.
Heard lot's of good reviews about this place and gosh they were right! Going to high-end restaurants are not usually my thing but with the boss in town from out of the country I had no choice. Everything turned out to be great. Mitred's were friendly, waiter was abeautiful blonde with big muscles (female), and spacious as so I saw on SEX AND THE CITY! We ordered few appeteizers and main dishes and all tasted great. I reccommend this place for any occassion even to drink at the bar.Will definitely go back again!
Wow, we're from San Francisco, and Buddakan was like SF's new Hakkasan on steroids. Such amazing real estate! We asked to be seated downstairs, in the area of the big communal table. This gave us a birds-eye view of everyone coming down the staircase. We deferred to our waitress, and the selections were awesome. And the bill was definitely reasonable, by NYC standards.
Wonderful ambience and decor! Food and desserts were great. Very few options for vegetarians. They have some good tofu dishes but though. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.
This place really does deserve five stars in food, service, and atmosphere.   It has now become a New York landmark and if you can get a table at a time that works for you, it is very hard to pass up.    Great for groups and special occasions.   Very convenient if you want to be in/near the meatpacking district, Chelsea and/or the West Village.
Just had the edamame dumplings and Peking duck.  Delicious! Antonio our server was charming and attentive
I went to Budakan on valentine's day with my fiancé. We had made reservations.  The employees were all lovely the decor was AMAZING! And the food was GREAT! It was a wonderful place for a romantic Valentine 's Day dinner. Our waiter was very helpful and honest about the menu and had great recommendations as to what wine goes well with what entrees etc.  They had the most adorable, delicious V.Day dessert which was a smores cake with ice cream on top and a hard chocolate shell around the ice cream!! Also AMAZING ! I cannot wait to go again .
It's a conspiracy. You get sat in the waiting room even with a reservation. Ask yourself... Are you sure you don't wanna order a drink? Cause magically you'll get seated as soon as you so ... Just saying Ok maybe I was being dramatic. But on a serious note. Yum yum. This isn't $$$ not that expensive. For a swanky place they could def charge more. But they don't... Food is good quality and the taste is as good as it looks. Tip/ order your own serving of edamame dumplings. You'll be sorry you don't
It's alright.I'm a sucker for the environment.  It was a very dark and mysterious place that widened my pupils, gave me a happy tingle in my stomach, and made me feel like the smoothest s.o.b. who was about to throw down some serious cash in genghis khan's new york loft.  The art, lighting, furniture, structure, everything in the joint was incredible and beautiful.  I was really hoping that the food was as magic as the space between the restaurant's walls.I raised my first eyebrow after I had requested a plate of spring rolls with chicken only.  (The only spring rolls on the menu have a chicken/seafood mixture).  He said he couldn't do that, because the chicken and seafood was pre-mixed.  Naturally, we asked for only vegetable spring rolls instead.  He said he couldn't do that either because everything was already pre-frozen.  I thought to myself why a place that seemed so classy wasn't using fresh ingredients.  I raised my second eyebrow.After my eyebrows got tired, I put them down and chose something else out of complete forgiveness and faith.We ordered some stir fry vegetables, beef, chicken and rice.  Everything was prepared beautifully, but everything tasted so bland and mediocre.  The beef was in need of some serious flavor.  The chicken was flavorful, but not anything out of the ordinary.  The vegetables were vegetables, and the rice never came to our table.We spent about $100 for two, and I'm happy we gave it a try.  Despite the food, I enjoyed a romantic evening with my wife.If I ever came back, I would prefer to hang out in the bar lounge and have drinks there instead of dinner.  Sorry Sex and the City movie fans if I ruined your girls night out.
Even with a reservation you wait! They made us wait 20min.... Bad start. To makes things worse, my phone iphone 5, it wasn t some cheap phone.... was stolen in the restaurant .... The manager was rude and obnoxious, wouldn't call the police, "you can call the police!" Right....  Horrible experience! They are only nice when you pay the bill....
This place is fun, trendy, and really good! I loved the atmosphere, the drinks, and the food. The hostesses are slightly on the snobby side, but hey, I probably would be too if I was cool enough to work there. I found it amusing though when I asked if our table was ready for our 10:15 reservation, and the hostess, highly annoyed, replied, "It's 10:11. Your reservation is at 10:15". My only advice is don't ask and wait patiently in the bar!
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC, the atmosphere is great, food is stupendous some of my favorites are.Chili Rock Shrimp (going crazy for them now lol)Edame DumplingsCharred Filet of Beef (the sauce is to die for)Crying ChocolateMojitos are more than decent here, over all service is greatthey play some great music here too, the likes of Buddha bar, Federico Aubele, Gotan Project and so forth, the type of music I enjoy hence it was the icing on the cake.
Great take on fusion-y Asian, delicious mixed drinks.   Dimly-lit makes the ambiance perfect for a date -- not necessarily first date as the acoustics aren't great for conversation.  However, fun, sleek, funky vibe with decent food and good location next to Chelsea Market.
From the beginning till the end everything was perfect 5 star service excellent food beautiful ambiance this place is a must Thanks for this great experience
Food is amazing! Decor is very trendy.Service was a little on the slow side, but the place was packed...
We always come back to this place over and over. It has the most original and refined fusion dishes we have fond so far and the atmosphere is sumptuous and unique. Sometimes the staff can be a bit pushy trying to get us to order more that was really needed, but otherwise is perfect. Great fried rice and chili shrimp!
Great ambiance and décor.   Discreetly located. Loved that!  Food was good, but not especially amazing.  A bit on the expensive side, but great for a date.   The service was top notch!  They definitely take care of you.
Outstanding ambiance and menu! The appetizers are the best I have had...period!
Pricey but worth every penny! Edamame dumplings have to be ordered.   Actually everything was fantastic. Probably the best service i have ever experienced in my life! And we eat out often at many high end restaurants.
This was a wonderful dining experience! The food was amazing, the staff were polite and highly knowledgeable. The interior had a very zen feeling to it and the music was pleasant and not too loud. I would highly recommend!
Loved it! Amazing menu with cocktails to die for. Recommend the Punch and Depth cocktails. Food - loved the hoisin pork belly buns and the signature chocolate dessert was mouth-gasmic!Service was excellent, ambience of the restaurant awesome and the bill came no where near to what I was expecting. Be sure to reserve a table.
Love me some Buddakan!  Decor is gorgeous and the food, staff, and drinks are perfect.  Been here several times and am never dissapointed.
I came back here after 4 years and I must say that food is just mediocre .2.5-3 stars only !we got tasting menu so I tried lots of things (mostly just mediocre!)Appetizer: Edamame dumpling 4 star.the rest 2-3 stars onlyEntree: Jumbo shrimp and fillet of meet 4 stars the rest 2-3Dessert : 4 star
It's a good Asian fusion restaurant, but there are better Buddakan's elsewhere. I went with a group of (3 others.. 4 total). Here's what I think:I must say that out of the Buddakan's in the Tri-State area, this is my least favorite. Because we're talking about New York City, the portions are small and the food costs much more. Expect to pay around $40 to $50 per person for a complete meal. Some things we ended up getting:Appetizer:- Crispy Calamari Salad - Staple at ANY Buddakan Restaurant. The crispy squid is complemented with a vinaigrette dressing and some crunchy salad leaves. Topped with a few nuts, the dish is an absolute MUST-TRY.- Tuna Tartare Spring Roll - I love Tartares! You have to try this. You will get 3 tartares (However, because there were 4 in our party, the restaurant made 4 for us).Entree:- Sizzling Short Rib - Short rib was a little fatty. Cooked well, but a little tough in some spots. It lacked depth in flavor compared to other menu items. It tasted more like an attempt at Asian fusion. The meat, when cooked, had the consistency of something you'd find at "Old Country Buffet" instead of something from a classy restaurant. I'd probably not get it again.- Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - HOLY SMOKES.. This is one of the best Cod fish I have ever tasted! ABSOLUTELY BUTTERY, MELT IN YOUR MOUTH! I wish the dish didn't end!- Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - Served to you in a hulled out crab shell, the rice tasted average. The service size is reasonable. If you ordered a few entrees, the rice is a nice side (if you don't want to order brown rice). Flavors were average. They throw in some nice crab meat for you to enjoy. However, nothing too special.Dessert:- Clementine Cloud - A silken vanilla could! It's very smooth. Almost reminds me of a meringue! The clementine and coconut which accompany it are a nice touch.- Sorbet - Asian pear, concord grape and coconut. The sorbets at all Buddakans are top notch. They are made in-house. However, for $10, you get a few small balls of sorbet. If you want to get full off sorbet, I suggest you go elsewhere.The service at the restaurant was exceptional. We originally had reserved for a party of 2, but they were very accommodating in getting our party a table for 4.I'd go again, but not if I was paying. Although some of the food tasted good, the price point made me feel it wasn't worth it. For the same price at either the Atlantic City or Philadelphia Buddakan, you get much more and a larger variety!If you're in the area, and you want to go to a hip and happening restaurant in Chelsea, this is a great place. Has a bar, lively atmosphere and a friendly staff. Give it a shot.
Superior service, inventive food, great ambiance. Overall, excellent experience. Great date spot.
I heard the Hype about Buddakan so decided to try it out, Food wasnt THAT great, seems almost like a high class expensive  chinese restaurant. The Food was ok, thought the Taro Lollipop was good.Wasnt a fan of the rock shrimp (probably cause I ate alot of it recently), or the general tso dumpling. or the duck spring roll. The crab fried rice was good though ( sorry forgot the name).Dessert was good, I had the crying chocolate, YummOverall I wouldnt order the occasionally regular chinese appetizer you can get for cheaper price, like the dumpling.
Food is "ok", but it is a wanna be up-scale restaurant. It is simple. If you order appetizers and a main course the appetizers come before the main course. Also there should be no discussion when you send back appetizers while your are eating the main course.... this is a NO GO.
5 stars for the drinks alone.  I tried almost everyone :) the best.   All our waiters were very nice and attentive.Edamame Dumplings, Lobster Fried Rice, Sesame Shrimp were great, but the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls and the Asian Green Sir Fry are even better! The King Crab Hot Pot was delic., very filling. There was so much more on the table, all perfectly presented. Of all the desserts the Almond Bread pudding was my favorite.  A perfect place for a nice 4 hour meal with old friends.  You need to go.
We went here for our company Christmas party. We called a week prior to make a reservation and they said they were booked but could squeeze us in at 6:45. They stressed the fact that if we were a minute late our table would not be held. So right after work we rushed to get there and the restaurant was half empty. We were confused as to why we had to rush so much considering how empty it was. Aside from that, the decor was amazing. I really loved the community table downstairs, however, we were seated upstairs in a back (very dark) corner. It wasn't quite as lively as it seemed downstairs, but it was still nice. As for food, we started with the edamame dumplings, they were melt in your mouth good and so unique. Then we had the rock shrimp, which had a spicy almost buffalo sauce, these were one of the table favorites. We also had the tuna tartare spring rolls, these were spectacular! For entrees we had the garlic lobster (my choice, loved it), my coworker got the black cod which was also really delicious. Then the guys both got the steak, which I thought was a strange choice for a place like this... but it was SO SO good. It was sliced with an amazing dipping sauce. I was very surprised this dish was so good. I should also note that we got two orders of the lobster fried rice and we all loved it! As for drinks, I sent mine back because it was so weak (I wasn't offered a stronger one, they just offered to take it off of the bill). I tried a coworkers drink and that was terrible too. Side Note: I'm not picky with drinks, I'll drink anything with liquor but these tasted like straight up virgin drinks! If I went back I'd stick to champagne or wine. I was surprised such a fun/clubby restaurant wouldn't have better cocktails. So overall Food was good and liked the decor, but service (reservation girl plus waiter) and drinks were seriously lacking.
I'm definitely not the first to review this restaurant, but here are some important points you should know before making a visit here:1.  As far as aesthetics goes, this restaurant has to be, by far, the most appealing I've been to (not this week, this year, but my lifetime).  I mean, how often do you walk down a long staircase, overshadowed by a glamorous chandelier and high ceiling?  You are then seating in dimly lit room, with slender white candles dripping it's wax on to a winged eagle.    2.  If you're Asian, when you look at the menu, you'll probably think this is overpriced Chinese food.  You're thinking to yourself, "hm .. I can go to Chinatown and order double the food at half the price." (I know I did!), but keep in mind if you're here at Buddhakan, chances are you're trying to impress someone, and you don't want to look like a pig (lol).  (More importantly, each dish has a western flare to it, and presentation is phenomenal.)3.  The workers here are very professional, If you're seated at the long dining table, and want a table of your own, just ask!  Don't get offended if it doesn't go your way, keep in mind they serve hundred of people a day, and they try to accommodate everyone.  Remember to make reservations and request the dining room that you want.
LOVE THIS PLACE! the only thing is the way they do their portions is weird but none the less delicious.
Great  ambiance!  Had a a Gossip Girl like crowd, but i can dig it. I felt like an A-lister!
My ex and I had dinner reservations here for my birthday. We first sat at the bar to have a drink and chatted for a little while and then headed to our table. I usually refrain from ordering cocktails and just have Gin on the rocks, but the waitress convinced me to order a pineapple martini with orange (at least I think). Ohhhhh, it was delicious and had quite a kick to it! I was super chatty and excited all throughout dinner.We totally over did it with the food. We ended up ordering wayyyy to much, but it was worth it! We had the pork pot stickers, chili rock shrimp, dumplings, Mongolian lamb chops, short ribs, lobster fried rice and something else I can't remember haha. Unfortunately, there was no room for dessert! Our food was delicious. We spent $200 in dinner/drinks and probably about $30 at the bar.The staff was friendly and polite. The restaurant itself it's beautiful and has different sections. I personally like going to restaurants that have really great ambiance and décor. Buddakan is everything and more. This is a great place to come and drop some money on great food and have a good time with friends or a loved one or anyone you want to impress  Why not take a client here?!I agree with the other reviewer, I rather go to Buddakan then Tao. Also, it's in a much happening location. More bars and things to do.
The first stop on my foodie trip to NYC is Buddakan for dinner. I'm always reluctant to try "fancy" Asian food, especially when I travel. However, my friend chose it because this place was featured the Sex and the City movie. It's the spot where Carrie and Big have their wedding rehearsal dinner and I must admit, it was pretty gorgeous on screen. Buddakan isn't traditional Asian by any means but Asian inspired. It was gorgeous and the food was yummy too! My two friends and I shared: Edamame Dumplings - Okay, let's get the bad out first. I did not like this at all even though so many reviews recommended it. It tasted like baby food wrapped in sticky dumpling skin. Save yourself some green and skip this. Tuna Tartar Spring Roll - This isn't too far fetched from how tuna tartar is normally served with chips or some kind of crisp. This one is so much better though because the crunch comes from the roll that neatly ensures that every bite is filled with delicious fresh tuna!Chili Rock Shrimp - OMG. This is my favorite of the night. The rock shrimp is perfectly fried and then drenched in a yummy orange cream sauce. The chili seasoning gives it a nice kick. I could have eaten two plates of this stuff.Boneless Spare Ribs - Succulent ribs! I wished I had some white rice to go with it. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice - Eh. It would have been fine IF the rice was cooked properly. Unfortunately it was hard and chewy. Not good news for a daily rice eater. Ginger Glazed Veal Cheeks with Lo Mein Noodles and Pickled Apple Salad - I loved the tender veal. The thick noodles were a great complement. Didn't care too much for the apple salad. It is definitely a little pricey but you come for the atmosphere as well as the food. Both in general don't disappoint. I also didn't think we would get full after this meal. I was pleasantly proven wrong.
Not a fan of anything we ordered, which was the chili rock shrimp (tiny shrimp), hoison glazed pork belly, and fried rice. However, the atmosphere is awesome. I'd go here only for drinks.
I want to live in NYC just to eat at this restaurant on a regular basis. Duck salad I could eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Singapore chili crab, stir fried cauliflower, short ribs, and spicy yellowtail were all amazing. Our server Jered was so nice and cute. Informative and attentive but not over baring. Alot more tourist now than I remembered.
You want a trendy place with beautiful decor that actually tastes good? This is the place for you.If you say to yourself "I want to go somewhere trendy for dinner where I can see celebrities!" don't sacrifice quality for decor!  There are so many places in the city that have a sterling reputation for some weird reason (Tao, Spice Market) that just don't deliver on serving great food along with a trendy ambiance.Buddakan is not in the same vein as Tao or Spice Market.  This is first and foremost a place that consistently delivers great food, and really is the total package if you are looking for ambiance, decor and a delicious meal.  This place is huge, so this is highly recommended for big groups.  Each room has a distinctly different atmosphere to it, which really adds to your experience.  You can dine at Buddakan 3 different times and feel like you've been at a different restaurant each time.Highly Recommended.
Exquisite ambiance and food. One of the BEST restaurants in NYC and worth every penny. The drinks, entrees and desert are all to die for. Would skip the appetizers since they are quite average. The restaurant is absolutely stunning and so is the people watching.
The place is beautiful  huge.  My fave area/room is the library-pretty neat.Service was very good  helpful.  I asked what they recommend  that's exactly what I ordered.  It was delicious  I can't wait to go back.
So I went in expecting good food, mediocre drinks, and a high price tag and amazing decor.Pretty much what I got.  Service was excellent, but that is to be expected at this kind of establishment.I had steamed cantonese fish - very good.. Pork glazed belly with steamed buns as app - very good tasty and tenderPot stickers - not much thereAsparagus side - bit boring and for my taste undercookedDungeoness crab sticky rice - I have had better in flushing, but this was good for an asian fusion place.
I knew what I was getting into at a place like Buddakan.  Meat packing, great atmosphere, creative drinks.  But, I was underwhelmed by Buddakan.  The food was nothing special.  The only dish we had that I really loved was the oysters.  And, our waiter made really bad suggestions.  All the dishes we ordered based on his recommendation were bad and the things we ordered despite not getting his stamp of approval were good.  The food was fine, but I was expecting something better.  I really wanted to love it!  I've been to a lot of Asian fusion places and Buddakan was definitely not the best.  I would go back for a sceney night and good drinks, but the food is definitely not its biggest selling point.
I came to Buddakan to celebrate my birthday. We were immediately directed to the lounge area for drinks until our table was ready. Despite arriving on time for our 7:30 reservation, it was half hour until we were seated. The ambiance here is very chic, dim lighting and lots of candles. There's a trendy crowd here, and lots of large groups. We were seated in the downstairs area which looked like a labyrinth of dimly lit rooms with long tables. Club music was pumping, adding to the vibe. Our waiter was warm and attentive.I started with a refreshing drink called Smash, which had strawberries. For appetizer, I had lobster egg rolls and my husband had spareribs. Both were good, but average. The entres didn't go as smoothly as expected. The waiter brought out my husband's dinner first, then our rice. I waited a least 10 minutes before my meal was served, which made it awkward for my husband who would not start his meal until mine was served. Shame on Buddakan. The charred filet was also average. The cod was soft and tasty, but the chef slightly burned the glaze on top. The tiny eggplant accompaniment also had a burnt taste, which virtually ruined the dish. Since the food was mediocre and the prices outrageous for the quality, we skipped dessert. The waitstaff brought out vanilla ice cream with Happy Birthday scrolled in chocolate, which was a nice touch.This is a place to try at least once, but IMHO the high prices are for the scene and good service, not the food. It's also better for large groups. The loud music isn't conducive to conversation, and I left with a sore throat.
If you're looking for a place with an experience more than unbelievable food...this is your spot.  If you make reservations, don't expect to get your table right away.  We waited 45 minutes before we finally got our table but we didn't mind because we had great seats in the lounge and enjoyed drinks and appetizers to tie us over.  This place is HUGE.  I was surprised to find a place so big in NYC.  Food was good but doubt I would go back.  We had the edamame dumplings as everyone raves about them.  They were great.  The soft shell crab was terrible.  I would suggest the Sole for dinner.  It was by far the best entree of the three we ordered.  The whole experience lasted about 3 hours from the time we arrived to the time we left.  Be prepared to be there awhile.  Overall, it was a good experience.
Today is my first time to be such a famous trendy restaurant Buddakan! I went there with my boyfriend to celebrate Valentin's Day. The atmosphere is very romantic with dim lighting and gorgeous decoration.I'm from Taiwan, so no doubt I have tasted so many delicious Chinese foods. This time I was going there just because of "Sex and the city" and the dessert.But I can't just order dessert right.....So, today I ordered edamame dumplings, lobster fried rice, Asian green stir fry, king crab hot pot and crying chocolate. Edamame dumplings : It's unique! This kind of dumping I have never eaten before but it tasted FABULOUS !!! The filling was so creamy. The sauce was light and matched the food.King crab hot pot : It served with cilantro, rice and shrimp crackers. The perfect one!!!!! It's unbelievable WONDERFUL !!!!!!!!! If we didn't order this dish, we would say their foods were plain, not so good. I strongly recommend "king crab hot pot," "edamame dumplings," and of course the dessert "crying chocolate "that everybody recommended. Lobster fried rice : In my hometown, you can eat so many kinds of delicious fried rice, so I usually don't order fried rice in any restaurant in US. But I ordered this time because of many recommendations from so many people. I have to say, if you are from Asia, don't order fried rice. I think they must have something else more delicious than this.Asian green stir fry : It's a little bit salty and tasted so so. It's waiter's suggestion. He said if we just ordered one appetizer and two entrees, it would be not enough for two of us. I shouldn't believe what he said!!!!!!!!! The four dishes were too much for us, so after that I have to change my mind--cancel the pudding dessert. Oh no~~~~~~I came here because of dessert!!!!!!!!! It wasn't worth the money even it just cost 9 dollars.Overall, I still have to say "It was a pleasant experience. Everybody should come there at least one time!!!!!" If it is cheaper and served with other cuisine instead of Chinese, I will definitely come again! You should try it !!! And don't forget to order what I recommend.
After reading all the reviews on YELP, i had high expectations of this place...but somehow it didnt really live up to what i "was" really expecting..nonetheless our girls night out was fun and we had a good time and it was a good dinner.After checking in at the front, we were told to wait for a couple mins before our table is ready....so to start off the night we ordered the Charm cocktail....which was delicious! And within seconds..we were told our table was ready...The atmosphere was dark and mysterious...definitely a good spot to take someone on a date. After getting settled, my girlfriend and I looked through the menu and decided to ordered their famous Edamame Dumplings, Spicy Yellowtai Yu Sheng, Hoisen Pork Belly, Mushroom  Sugar Snap Siu Mei, Lobster Fried Rice and something tofu...and the Crying Chocolate to end the night.Edamame - Sorry Yelpers....it was bleh and not as great as everyone has saidSpicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng - was ok....nothing surprising...Hoisen Pork Belly - Super yummy and tender! love it!Mushroom  Sugar Snap Siu Mei - It was ok as well...my girlfriend wasnt too thrilled about it...Lobster Fried Rice - This was so yummy...i finished it and still wanted more!!!!Crying chocolate - Came in a pretty layout. The hot fudge and the cappucino ice cream......super duper yummy!Service was pretty good - Our waiter, whom we had no idea what his name is, because he never introduced himself.....but he was still helpful with recommending items on the menu for my girlfriend...and he went out of his way to accommodate alot of the things we didnt eat! DOWNFALL: After we finished our small dishes...we waited quite sometime for our last 2 dishes which was the fried rice and some other thing which i forgot the name...instead of making sure the food gets there on time, they kept asking if we wanted anything else...but after having so many dishes...we were quite full...and i could see the disappointment on my waiter's face....furthermore, my water only got filled once and there were empty dishes on the table which we had to asked them to clear away....Overall it was a good night...but i wasnt impressed...catching up with my girlfriend was nice and we really enjoyed our little get together.
I took a huge group of clients here and it is a great place for client entertaining, just based on the cool atmosphere and vibe alone. I thought the food was pretty good, but nothing that really blew me away. I ordered the most expensive tasting menu for 9 of us so we got to really taste most of the dishes. Good for special occasion or cool factor, but not really worth the price for the tasting menu on an everyday basis. The best item was the General Tso's Dumpling which coincidently happens to be one of the cheapest items on the menu.
Where do I start ? I mean everything is amazing. I'm here at work thinking about the food. The rock shrimp, chilli chicken, monk fish, general tos dumpling, ribs, fried rice and the BANANA DESSERT oh my gosh! Amazing !! Plus the decor is so awesome and edgy.
I am going to disagree with most of the reviews here. This place was just ok for me. It's expensive, and really not that tasty. I've had much better 15 dollar Asian meals from takeout. I think you are paying for the atmosphere here, which is lovely...but I prefer my food to be amazing. I had the black pepper ribeye, which was average. I also had the lobster fried rice, which was on the bland side, and the shrimp dumplings were unmemorable, as well. I doubt I'll go back.
Simply one of the best dining experiences we had...and we do go out a lot. While the decor and ambiance is absolutely phenomenal, we were overwhelmed with the quality of the food and the service we had. As appetizers, we ordered the calamari salad, a sure bet, and the lobster egg rolls, which we HIGHLY recommend. For entrée we had the ever tender short ribs and the Chili King Crab which is a new addition on the menu, and which we also think is a MUST TRY.  Our host recommended it to us and she was absolutely right, this is insanely good! Besides, the quality of the service was simply top notch. Our food was served promptly, hot, the recommendations were on point, what else do you need? It wasn't our first time and certainly not our last. Anybody who has not been there yet must absolutely put that on top of their list!
I've been here several times and it is always the same story. Make a reservation and you still wait 20 minutes for a table. Thankfully, the drinks are made well and provide a good match to the food.Once we were seated it was smooth sailing as the food was fast and tasty but nothing Mind blowing. I did enjoy the fried shrimp and tuna tartar but most of the creations i've seen before.it all tasted great but again the same flavor can be had at most other far east themed places. I left full and with a buzz and an overall happy camper.
My 1st time at this place really caught my attention. The ambience was nice with a touch of luxury. Every corner you turned, you'll have a different scene. Classy...Now for the food part...I highly recommend it!!! The appetizers were mouth watering and the entree...Need I say it? Well, try it for yourself and you'll know what I mean.
Recently dined at Buddakan during a trip to NYC. First of all, the restaurant is HUGE and has a wonderful ambiance. When we first arrived, we enjoyed a few cocktails in the bar area while we waiting for our table. I highly recommend the "Charm!" Once seated, we ordered several dishes that were very, very good. The tuna tartare spring rolls and the lobster fried rice were standouts. When in NYC again, I would definitely come back!
BEAUTIFUL!! Such a cool restaurant! Try and sit downstairs but anywhere is awesome! Great food too! Must try!
I'd probably give Buddakan 4.5 stars because I had a very good time dining with my husband and another couple.  We ordered several appetizers and dinners and shared.  Some appetizers were better than others as were the meals but overall it was a strong 4 stars and looking forward to returning with my honey so I can eat all the kung pao monk fish myself.  It was as amazing as everyone says but I only had 1/3 of it because I had to share.  One in our party didn't eat fish otherwise it would have been one fourth.  The bread pudding everyone recommends is also amazing.  The pork belly appetizers was good and plentiful.  Drinks were OK, I selected one that was highly recommended and in my view it was just OK.  Not bad but I wouldn't order it again.  We had a chicken dish that was only average and another appetizers which again was average so considering the 4 appetizers and 4 dinners plus two desserts we faired very well.  Did I tell you the service is way above average and the ambience is very nice.  It's loud but it's OK, love the bathroom!
Atmosphere amazing. Food amazing. Service terrible. Our waitress was clearly more interested in her much larger table and potential tip then the glass of a bottle of $85 sake that was ruined by rotten cucumber garnish. Waited near 20 mins to place our order and she could not have been more bored when she took it down. Had to pour own sake through the entire dinner course and saw our server no more than 5 times - waving her down 2 out of those 5.Get it together Buddakan or you will be serving tourists and the pretentious shits who will put up with the bs.
Hmmm....I really want to like Buddakan...and I kinda do...just not for the food.....I've been there a few times, most recently Saturday night for a friend's birthday.  We had a reservation for 7pm and by the time we ordered a drink at the bar, our table was ready and waiting.Pros:-The restaurant is plain gorgeous.  Super sexy looking people (and servers - helllooooo!), great lighting, cute little rooms off the main dining area downstairs, I'll take it.-Drinks were strong-Our server was amazeballs - he's the reason for the third star.  Cons:-Umm....I don't know how to put this nicely.....but the food really isn't all that great and I'm not even factoring in the price (as in: this-place-is- expensive-so-the-food-should-taste-better).  Ouch.On the recommendation of other Yelpers we had:-Chili Rock Shrimp - spicy fried shrimp.  You've had this before somewhere else.  It was...fine.-Edamame dumplings - umm...it was ok.  It's edamame so......-Cod - it's true, it melts in your mouth - that's a whole lot of buttery goodness.  If you take cholesterol meds you should not order this.-Monk fish - fried....very spicy....but....mehh.-Long beans.....they were....good.-Veggie curry rice - One of the few edible items I was truly happy about - OFF THE FREAKING CHAIN good.  I don't even have words.  The curry foam was just....ohh boy.We definitely ordered way too much food.  For 2 pple they recommended 2 apps, 2 mains and 2 sides.  Ree-dunkulous amount of food.  We didn't have room for dessert but our cutie pie server brought over a birthday surprise of coconut sorbet and pineapple.  That and the curry rice were my favorite things.In a nutshell, we're paying for the ambiance/atmosphere/sexiness, whatever you want to call it and I'm ok with that.  Wouldn't take my foodie friends here but not a bad place to hit up for pre dinner drinks.
JulieBuddakan for V day...  what can I say???  yep I'm a wonderful date...   Reserved this over 3 weeks ago and the best I could do was a 10pm reservation so this spot is popular....   I honestly try to avoid these themed asian fusion spots as I am of the Asian persuasion and feel that the food will disappoint...  I go to these spots with a cynical mind thinking that food should always trump over the bougey atmosphere that's built into high ceilings, grand chandeliers, super sized Buddha's, enormous ice sculptures, long ass tables and super model hostesses.....So going in I'm thinking, where the heck is the doorman that's usually there trying to make the spot look like a fancy lounge/nightclub...  As i approached the over crowded check in area exactly on time for my resv... I'm thinking there is no way I'm getting to my table for another 30 - 40 mins...  I'm ready to head to the packed bar/lounge and start sucking down $15 fruity cocktails....  But OMG..  As my gorgeous date and I head to the bar after checking our coats, we're stopped by a hostess with menu in hand ready to seat us...  "STEAK SAUCE..."  And yes the restaurant is wait for it...  'Legendary"  We were seated on ground floor which is like having mezzanine level seats at a broadway show.  The real action is downstairs in the orchestra seats with the incredibly long table, high ceilings and side rooms that look ohhh so cozy and romantic...Our waiter came promptly and was excellent at describing the menu and letting us know how many dishes would be appropriate.  Thus far I am having a wonderful 5 STAR time.   Got my Tsing Tao and I'm ready to go....Now to the real test... THE FOOD.   Started with the edamame dumplings cause everyone raves about them on yelp.  There were 5 pieces and very unique in flavor.  Almost like edamame mash potato as a filling in a dumpling.  I say unique because I thought they were ok and don't regret ordering it but my date thought it was fantastic.  Also went with the tuna tartare on top of chopped deviled eggs.  I thought that was better and a great combination.  The tuna though were small cubed sushi pieces.  I might have preferred tuna tartare to be softly mixed with the usual mustard, oil, lemon juice and then put on top of the chopped deviled eggs.  But still an excellent choice.  I considered the tuna tartare spring rolls but just couldn't fathom what that would taste like???Entrees were the crusted ribeye and the hot and sour scallops.  The ribeye was good and done medium (which they cooked it more than they should have).  But it does pale in comparison to the sizzling t-bone that i can get in chinatown.  It was a nice sized meat and we didn't even finish it.  The scallops were also just ok.  You get 4 pieces and the sauce wasn't really sour or spicy???  It said made with mushrooms and tofu but neither accompaniment really stood out either.  I think both dishes are victims of a restaurant that wants to look shi shi and present well, but when faced with an asian dude that eats too much will fail in the taste dept....  We ordered a Chinese sausage fried rice cause I think it will be something incredibly tasty and unique.  It wasn't :(  Just typical fried rice...  shuda just saved the $10 bucks and had white rice....Finished the night with the dessert special which was a chocolate cake filled with ??(forgot), some mousse with fruits in a triangular chocolate sandwich like setup, and sorbet covered with vanilla ice cream.  This was fantastico !!!!  A nice finish to a nice meal for a nice evening....   Again, the service was impeccable, they changed dishes and utensils for as after each course and didn't give us cheap takeout chopsticks like Megu did....  Expect to pop $150 - $200 for this meal....So to summarize:Staff:             5 STARSAmbiance:   4 STARSApps:            4 STARSEntrees:       3 STARSDessert:       5 STARSOverall:         4 STARS
Organized a private event here for my sister's bachelorette. The person who set it up was nice but the people who helped us checkin were very rude. We spent over $3000 and expected better service.  The food was pretty good, but for this type of establishment we expected superior service. Step it up Buddakan, you disappointed me. Won't go back.
Went to Buddakan last week while visiting NYC.  Gorgeous place!  Food was very yummy!  We had the carrot dumplings, lobster fried rice, peking duck and spare ribs.  My favs were the duck and fried rice. Service was great too.  Would plan to revisit when back in NYC.
I am a fan (been there about 10 times) - yet annoyed (each time) - by this place.Here's the good : - the food is mostly great : edamame dumplings, fried rice, lobster rolls, duck  foie gras roll, cod, mongolian lamb chops, ... surprising for an asian fusion restaurant, which, as we know, are crappy in general; - the prices are unbelievably reasonable for a trendy place like this : think 70/head w/out wine including tax  tips, you can wow visitors without breaking the bank ; - the staff is generally nice and super accomodating (which is not super common in trendy restaurants): my gf came in for the edamame dumplings which was sold out...but available again by dessert time, so the waiter surprised us by bringing them for free - left him happily an inflated tip of course.Now the bad : terrible reservation management. I have never been sat at my RSVP time. In 10 times. Which most of the time were late. Request to be sat downstairs have been routinely ignored. It sometimes feel as if they forget that you're waiting in the bar area. And when you reminisce them of your presence, you are promptly sat.
Beautiful atmosphere; delicious, finger licking (literally) menu selection, and enjoyed frog legs for the first time...delish!Our waiter had a sarcastic, enjoyable personality which made our experience at Buddakan even more memorable.
The food is really good. Very interesting and innovative.Try a lot of dishes since portions are not too big and served for sharing.Good place for large groups and company dinners.
Everything at the restaurant was perfect.  The service, ambience, and food were all great.  My friend said their drinks were also great but because my other friend is pregnant so we just had water.  The dim sum menu looked great.  I almost wanted to order one of each.  We end up ordering the Lobster and Crab Shu Mai, Sea bass Roll, and Scallion pancake with spare ribs.  I love all three and especially the scallion pancake because the texture was just spectacular.  The pancake with the beef topped with green apples makes it sweet, salty, and crispy in one bite.  For entree, we had the steak and pekking duck fried rice.  The steak was very tender but the fried rice was way too salty.  I'm guessing the chef is probably non-asian because when you stir fry rice with soy sauce you don't need to add salt anymore.  For dessert, we had the banana bread pudding and green tea donuts.  If you ever order these two, eat the green tea donut first because the sweetness of the banana bread pudding will cover the taste of the donut and make it bland.  Of course, that's what I did and I end up not being able to taste the donut at all.  I will definitely go back and try all the other dim sum items.  This is definitely a great place for food and hangout.
I didn't eat here, but I went to Dale's Dim Sum party. I can, however, comment on the space itself. I love how there was a bar in the entrance, then you had to walk downstairs for the main dining room. I think it would be perfect for a wedding rehearsal dinner! Nothing says, "I HAVE ARRIVED", like walking slowly down the stairs where everyone can see you! The food served during the party was delicious. Some of the stations there were from the chefs who work at Buddakan and all I remember was everything being delicious! I will definitely be back for dinner.
What you take from this place may depend heavily on your expectations.If you are expecting Chinese food that exceeds that found in Chinatown, you will be disappointed.So then, who will be pleased? Anyone expecting or looking for a venue that is grand in size and decor, with excellent service and a cocktail party-like atmosphere and interesting, but not defying, twists on classic dishes.As expected, prices are high and proportions are small. A friend and I split 3 appetizers and 3 entrées. This is probably good for most people. The only reason we were able to do this was because of an expense account. Otherwise, I would be sure to be magically full off of 1 appetizer and 1 entrée myself.Drinks were strong and delicious. However, I would advise against the "Fever". It is a concoction that includes the likes of tequila and jalapenos. Too much fuego for my taste.The dishes I will recommend are: scallion pancake appetizer, char siu pork, and crispy jumbo shrimp.+1 ambiance+1 service+1 taste+1 presentation-1 bang for buckGlad I came. I probably won't be back unless I got money to burn.
PF Chang on a bit steroid. We went there for dinner.  The place looks a bit like a club, with well dressed people and dark dressed servers. It is dark with loud music.  you can even hear any conversation. Let us go back to the food, over priced.  Over cooked short rib.  mapo tufu is bad, not even spicy.  They do give a huge portion of rice.  overall, it is just P F Chang in NYC. Won't go back again.  This is NYC, you could find a much better Asian food anywhere.
Had dinner here on Sat night for a friend's bachelorette party. Got off to a bad start b/c my friends were all late so they gave up our table. So wound up not getting seated til an hour after our original reservation time.Decor was very nice, but sooo dark. Food was excellent, but portions were TINY (esp for the prices charged. Pricing was similar to Tao, but when I eat @Tao, I'm always stuffed)! We all ordered a bunch of dishes  shared (there were 5 of us), but I left still hungry.We ordered:- Bottle of Prosecco- Edamame Dumplings (soooo delicious, buttery  tasted like green mashed potatoes in dumpling form)- Beef Lettuce Cups- Spicy Crab Claws- Wild Mushroom Chow Fun- Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun- Charred Filet of Beef- Crying Chocolate- Dark Chocolate Souffle CakeService was awesome, our server was so nice  helpful. We were seated at a table behind the big one in the "Sex and the City" movie (Carrie  Big's rehearsal dinner).Very nice but they need to give you more food for the money you pay!
Entering through a nondescript door on 9th Avenue you are greeted by a busy concierge desk and then escorted to a dark, sexy lounge to await your table. This place exudes class. A bouncer guards the kitchen door just to keep things tidy and safe. After a host gathers you to your table (how did they find us?), you will be wowed as you descend the grand staircase. Soak it all in. It is huge.We didn't realize at first but the menu setup of Buddakan favors sharing so this is not a she and him meal but rather order a number of items and share. The edamame dumplings are indeed inventive and a must-try. The rock shrimp were perfectly done and just the right spice. The filet strips melt in your mouth. The monkfish is crispy, just the right heat. The crying chocolate dessert will leave you weaping for more.Most NY restaurant reviews tell the tale of tight spaces and small tables. While Buddakan is huge you can taste your neighbors food. But the ambience keeps you focused. It seemed like it was setup to favor different groups, as we found a large table singing Happy Birthday had plenty of lighting but our two-top was intimate and cozy. So many little enclaves and rooms - loved the 'library' room. The crowd is mixed, a lot of couples and singles dressed for a night out, a father with his two teenaged girls celebrating something, a birthday party of 20-somethings. Hip enough to keep out Mah and Pah Denim-Shorts but not too hip to need a socialite under your arm.
8 o' clock Reservations. . . walk thru the door 8:05 and the place is mobbed. . .walk in check out coats turn around and are greeted and walked directly to our table.  You have to love a place that can keep a schedule.Walking down stairs you come down one of the two monster stair cases over looking this cavernous room that is just spectacular.  This place is sexy.Waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  All staff was very attentive. Being my first time to Buddakan we asked for recommendations and ordered them almost to the tee.-Edamamde Dumplings in a butter truffle sauce.  Insanely amazing.-Tuna Tartar spring rolls with a chili eggplant on the side both were very tasty-Monkfish in a spicey red curry sauce was great.-Sweet black cod was better then the monkfish.The quality of both fish was top notch alone with the presentation.I have tasted similar sauces at other places but still tastey.  If i was to go back again I think I would order tapas style and order some sake and a bunch of apps that you can share because I saw about 6 other ones I wanted to try that sounded amazing.Definitly going back here again.  Steven Starr does it right 7 days a week.
All the glamor of sex and the city but with the good food of a hole in the wall.Food: we got the tasting menu, which was ravishing.  There were a ton of different dishes served family style, but here are what I liked best:Appetizers:-chili rock shrimp - I don't eat much fried food, nor do I like gelatinous sauces, but this tangy spicy sauce on my favorite protein made for an irresistible combo.-edamame dumpling - strangely intense flavor for a dish made out of one of nature's most subtle beans.  -peking duck salad - pulled Peking duck glazed with hoisin sauce and then topped with rocket, shredded wonton and a perfectly poached egg.  It was divine.  And beautifully presented.  I don't even like Peking duck and I loved this.-the tasting menu came with many more delicious treats, but these were the stand out options.Entrees: (again, commenting on standouts only, as the list of amazing dishes could fill this page)-some sort of butterfly shrimp with candied walnuts that I've only ever seen before in an authentic Cantonese restaurant in Flushing...and that place was so authentic the menu was in Cantonese, so nice to put delicacy to name.-hoisin glazed cod - hoisin is usually fool proof but this cod was also cooked to moist fluffy perfection.-beef and pepper sauce - served in a rice flour crisp basket.  You'll definitely have a second helping of this, if the shrimp runs out.Dessert: of the 4 options, I loved-bread pudding a la mode with a crisped sweet wonton wrapper.-molten chocolate cake - and it was as good as my 2 favorite chocolate cakes in NYC (Jojo and Pastis).  Service: took of a star here.  People were nice, water glasses usually stayed filled, but sometimes they were just clueless.  And given how expensive and fancy this place looks, I didn't appreciate that gy often forgot serving spoons.  Still - amazing experience for my stomach!Ambience:  stunning downstairs area.  It's the type of place to which I would take an out-of-town guest.  It has all that ritzy lavishness that NYC is associated with, yet at its core, the food is truly great.  Very rare that I love a big fancy restaurant but I would come back here!
Yesssss 5 stars for Buddakan my luv. So caveat: it was my bday so maybe my opinions are biased..BUT my opinion seem to agree with most peoples here so i think Im safe..i always think that experiences begin with atmosphere and space is a gorgeous concept in restaurants and Buddakan is beautifully proportioned..from the entrance to the bar (decadence!) to the tables on the first floor, to the never ending stairs down the rabbit hole with people staring up at you to what turned out to be a relatively private bday table even though we were seated next to other people..decor-wise Buddakan is visually stimulating..the place is just..sexy!So mine eyes are touched..is the rest anymore inspiring? at the expense of sounding boring the food is phenomenal..simple yet twisted, everything is in perfect portions, uses lovely ingredients..edamame dumplings, lobster egg-rolls (burnt my tongue again!), crab hot potttttttt....yum yum yum all accompanied by lots of Champagne! Advice: try and get some awesome friends..to get surprise resevs for very merry super un-un-bdays at places like these..triple sighhhhh...
I decided to give Buddakan a second try. It was definitely a better experience a second time around.The bo bo tasting plate was a real winner, i enjoyed every item.The pepper beef was delicious and tender with top quality beef.The crispy jumbo prawns were cooked perfectly and crispy.My least fave dish was the lobster fried rice, so i think that dish just isn't for me. it's certainly fresh with generous amounts of lobster but i like my fried rice with more spice and stronger flavors.The crying chocolate and yuzu souffle were winners.Drinks and service was great.I would order everything else again except for the lobster fried rice.
Nice spot with very good food. Service was nice as well. A little pricier than spice market which is a couple of blocks away or Tao but worth it. Try to get one of the table downstairs.
This place exceeds it's reputation. The service, environment, and food are outstanding and definitely worth the price. I actually found the prices to be very reasonable considering the fact that A: The food was served promptly, cleanly, and warm (there was no waiting between courses); B: The alcoholic beverages were excellent and served correctly (my Riesling was served nice and chilled); C: The seating was ample and the interior design was beautiful and romantic. I let them know that it was our anniversary and they served us a complimentary dessert to celebrate our special occasion. I can't believe I walked by this place several times and missed it (the sign outside is very subtle). This was truly an amazing experience we won't forget.
When I finally found the door, and walked in I was a little confused, the entry was very dark and I couldn't tell if the other people in the lobby were the friends I was meeting or total strangers that I was trying to see through the dark.  When our entire party was assembled we were led through the restaurant down a magnificent staircase and into the back corner of another dimly lit room.  If I had been on a date this would have been perfect, for 7 girls I thought it was a little strange...There were some hits and misses with the food, we ordered the Edamame Dumplings that everyone recommended, I really enjoy edamame but the texture was a little strange it was very pureed.  However, the General Tsao's Dumplings were amazing, perfect texture and very flavorful without being overwhelming.  We ordered several different selections from the cocktail menu, everything was good, strong, not too sweet.  For entrees we shared 3 dishes they were all good, the steak was perfectly cooked.  We also got the Chinese Sausage fried rice,  We shared everything and in total split 3 different entrees, 2 sides, and about 4 of the dumpling/tapas style plates between 7 of us and it was all gone!  The plates were not big portions at all so I'd say ere on the side of ordering more than less.
Let's face it, you come here for the "wow" factor. And you definitely get it. I came here for my birthday and was not disappointed. I had no trouble making reservations and was even asked when they called to confirm if it was for a special event. Those small details make a huge difference and are the reason you pay more. The entrance is very discreet which is cool. There were about five hosts checking people in, so you know the place was busy. I let them know we had a reservation and they told us to wait in the "lounge." I was a little worried that they would seat us in there. It was cramped and everyone seemed to be on top of one another. They didn't though. We waited about five minutes until a very nice woman came and escorted us down the grand staircase to our table in the main hall. Wow, that was impressive! We all ordered drinks and a few appetizer plates as well as dessert. Everything was great, but since I didn't have an entree plate I can't really judge the food. Overall though it was a great experience. I loved that the music in the restaurant wasn't too loud and overbearing like some places. The big hall had an echo with all the people but I could still hear the conversation. Our table was at the base of the staircase, pretty big and private which was nice considering how cramped NY can be. And the crying chocolate cake was amazing! They even wrote "happy birthday" to me in chocolate syrup on the plate. When we were all taking pictures a manager came over without asking to let us all get in for one shot. We weren't rushed out even though it was a busy night. I'd come back, but probably only for a special event. This is a great place to take someone if you want to impress them!
Chili rock shrimp are perfection and the snap peas with mushrooms were addictive! The lobster fried rice is a must try. Service was a little slow but if your with a group and enjoying conversation its not bad.
I don't give many five star ratings, but this place deserves it.  Great ambiance, very good service, tasty drinks (mojito very good) and really good food.  We had spring rolls for an app.  I had a chicken dish (crispy), which was really tasty and my date had a fish entree.  We also ordered asparagus which was excellent.  For dessert, we split a chocolate dessert, which was also very good.  I would go back again anytime!
I should probably preface this review by saying that I came here on my 21st birthday. But from what I remember, it was a very pleasant experience. The restaurant is beautiful, the food is good, especially the duck egg roll appetizer (don't recall the exact name or contents of the dish), and the drinks are pretty tasty too. The best part of the restaurant by far is the staff, though. About halfway through dinner, I felt the need to take a short "nap" at the table, and not only was our waitress concerned, she apparently laughed and told my friends not to worry about it, it happens all the time.Also I'm told that Buddakan was in Sex and the City the movie, so that's always good.And in case you were wondering, I had some coffee for dessert, and I was ready for the rest of the night. So all in all a great dinner.
We went to Buddakan with a party of 10 people. We were offered to order family style and we decided to go ahead with it so that everyone will be able to try all the dishes. Everyone liked the food a lot and the variety was good but i think the appetizers could have been either bigger portions or more plates for such a large group of people. Some appetizers were barely enough for everyone just to take a bite.Also, for the money i think it would have been cheaper to order from regular menu and maybe get few extra appetizers for everyone to try.
The food was good...but i have never been a big fan of Asian restaurants that are overpriced with a fusion twist.   The decor was nice, but a bit dark.  Definitely could use more lights....and the seats were just uncomfortable...my back really was starting to ache! I had a great time because I was with my girls, the drinks were yummy and our waiter kicked ass.  I was content with the service...but what you are really paying for is the decor.  I would have been just as content with a hole in the wall place in NY Chinatown.  Although, I would like to note one dish, the sea bass I'd say was nicely done.  I can appreciate any restaurant that can sear their sea bass just right.   I would go back only to try other dishes, because the food is good, but i am not "wowed" by the flavors.  Again, it's probably just my stigma with Asian food and knowing the full quality as well as quantity of how much it should really cost.
Really nice atmosphere, great service and delicious, high class food. We couldn't have wished for anything more.
Everything from the experience, the venue, the drinks,  the service, the food and presentation deserves 5 stars. The rockin shrimp I could burry my face in every night.. and the duck salad is just fantastico.
This restaurant is awesome. Great vibe and atmosphere. Drink menu is stellar and the food is even better. I would trade a limb for the edamame dumplings - they just melt in your mouth. Rock shrimp is also outstanding with a real nice spice to it. Our group of four tried a number of dishes and all were outstanding.
Loved my experience here. No reservations, but was able to snag seats in the bar area. Full menu is available, which was a plus. The General Tso Chicken Dumplings were awesome and dangerous. You can't eat just one. Caution-the sauce will come out of the dumpling when you bite into it. I also had the dungeon crab sticky rice, which knocked me out of my seat. A flavorful and simple dish. The scene is cool-a mix of hip, flair and chill. Would recommend this place without pause.
I went here for my birthday a few years ago with my family after we went bar hopping in the meatpacking district. In all honesty, we just wanted some dessert. And oh boy, we were in for a treat. Nevermind the scene from Sex and the City movie, Buddakan is still chic. Tao started to become like Jersey so its best to go to the authentic places in the city now. The decor was so trendy and the service was exceptional. For what Im paying, Im expecting this kind of service.
Everything we had was delicious- tuna tartare rolls, edamame dumplings, quail, short ribs, cod.  Very good cocktails, decent sake options.  The service was very good.
Whoever wrote this place is PF Changs on steroids was correct. Everything from the decor to the food was just unimaginable!My friend and I didn't make any reservations but were lucky enough to find a table at the bar (we went around 645 on a Saturday).The drinks: Charm and Reflection are good and were presented prettyAppetizer: Rock Shrimp...tangy, spicy, good stuff!Dishes: Spare rib (melts in your mouth) and monkfish (very good with lots of flavor)Dessert: Crying chocolate, it has like coffee ice cream with cocoa powder with a mini volcano type of looking thing. It was a nice finish to a great mealTHE DAMAGE: damage was made...total was $106.70 excluding tip but I'm not complaining. It was worth every penny.
Terrific food! Terrific drinks! Loooove it!idk what else to say.  so just go several times and just try everything.  be sure to get the edamame dumplings...  yummm.Great staff, great atmosphere. Well worth trying out.  there's one in atlantic city i tried also, equally yummy but just smaller than the one in nyc.
Their gold star is for consistency. Check:My out of town guests consistently enjoy this place. The ambiance is consistently stellar, somehow it escapes being outdated and it feels like a different experience each time depending on which room you sit in.Check: The menu doesn't irritatingly change every month. My favorites are consistently there(  black cod, whole crispy fish, rock shrimp. I really can't vouch for anything else..).Check: There is consistently good service. For example, a fork and spoon set placed before me for dessert was less than sparkling clean and authentic or not our server seemed appalled as did the manager. I made zero stink, just smiled understandingly and they still comped two desserts for us and apologized profusely. That kind of response should be the norm but it isn't and it's one of those things that makes buddakan special.
I came here for one of my birthday dinners and basically chose it because it was the most attractive restaurant I had ever seen (via online pictures).  The large room with the stairs and long table is what got to me - this is what my fantasy dining room is like by the way.However my party was seated in a room beyond this one.  We ordered a ton of food to share.  I thought the dishes were decent but for me the decor was the most memorable part of the experience.
This is probably one of the best restaurants I have been to in NYC and by far the best culinary NYC experience! I highly highly recommend it. Such a beautiful restaurant. And we were very lucky to have this really nice, cute and patient guy serving us, I think his name is Fred!  Make sure to ask for a table in his section. Don't forget to  try the edamame dumplings, the short ribs pancakes, the tuna tartar egg-rolls and the vegetable rice!
The decor makes you feel rich. Don't really understand the fusion part though. I got the rib eye and shared the lobster fried rice with my gf. She got some duck wanton soup which did not look appetizing. The steak's flavor was nothing new and what they seem to call fusion there is just you order either an american main dish (steak, chicken, etc.) with an asian side or vise-versa. Back to the steak; it was the most tender steak I have ever had, Literally melted in my mouth. Lobster fried rice was ok.   For dessert we had the crying chocolate dessert. So good it deserves its own paragraph. I mean it was an orgasm in my mouth good. Only problem  was it was SO SMALL! Now that I look back I regret not ordering another one. Recommend this place, but be prepared to spend $$$.
We took a high school graduate for her graduation because we knew it was a sceney place. I don't have much to add to the other reviews. I will only say the decor and atmosphere is spectacular, service was over the top. Our server was a professional server not an actor.The food is very good. I think this is a special occasion place and you pay for the over all experience. There was nothing wrong with the food. The presentation was great, the food was good but the menu was pretty standard. You can view the menu at their site or at menu pages.I had a cocktail which was called Charm. It was a passion fruit sparkling wine cocktail. It was very good. All menu items were very good. The Peking Duck everyone at the table agreed was the best they had ever had. The beef tar tar appetizer was great. It was all good.The desserts were all kind of similar and if they could improve anything about the food it would be the desserts.I would highly recommend it for anyone.
A great fusion restaurant with a killer menu.The food is stunning and presented gorgeously. The food is asian in taste, but different in only a fusion way. It is presented beautifully, and the staff is knowledgeable about the items. The drinks are killer strong and amazingly ingenious!The interior is intimate and stunning in all ways. All around, a great restaurant for a hot date!
I've been here a couple of times on business dinners and really like it so I recommended it for dinner with another couple. I was not let down again. The dishes here are fresh, tasty and blend different spices and tastes for a great sensation. For appetizers we had wok fried oyster with foie gras, (great blend of tastes with the oyster, some soy and the fried texture), tuna spring rolls (how do they keep the tuna cold with the spring roll fried!!! was awesome), boneless spareribs (very tender, glazed tasted like plum), general tso dumplings (similar to a soup dumpling but with kick) char sui pork "buns" (actually pork belly with a hoison glaze!).  All were top notch and I would have them again.For side dishes we split the lobster fried rice (very delicate with pieces of lobster throughout) and the dungeness sticky rice (a heavier rice wi pieces of crab served in the car shell) were both excellent and contrasted with each other nicely.For entrees we had Mongolian lamb chops (I'm not a lamb fan but by the sound of the people who had them were oohing over them), charred filet of beef (tender like butter served medium rare with a wasabi mayo), sweet and crisply shrimp (a sweet but spicy glaze was perfect), black pepper beef (a little kick!).A great dinner with friends is the perfect night out. I recommend this to small or large groups but the larger the group you can share more!!!
If I could give this restaurant a "zero" rating I would. I was visiting NYC with my friends and we had made reservations a month in advance. Despite that, they seated us 55 minutes late. The service was sub par at best. We waited a long time for our drinks. We had specifically asked for steamed rice to be brought out with our entrees, but our entrees came, got cold, but the rice didn't come. The food was absolutely terrible; there was not a single dish that I would recommend. I will say that their appetizers are very good and unless you want to make a meal out of appetizers, stay away from this restaurant. We asked to speak with the manager on three different occasions, but nobody showed up. We finally got the manager to come after our entrees had gone cold as the rice didn't come. His explanation for the late seating and the poor service was "well..we are very busy". When I am spending my hard earned money, that is just not a good excuse. I will never visit this restaurant again and certainly do not recommend that anyone go there. There are far too many good restaurants in NYC to be wasting your precious time here.
I went here with a fairly large group for dinner.  The food and service was good.  I also liked the interior of this place.  Worth checking out.
So after years of wanting to go to Buddakan, I finally did ! I took my boyfriend there for his birthday and we both loved it! Upon arrival, you are greeted by the friendliest staff [looks like you are checking in at a hotel]; they kindly told us to have a drink in the lounge area, our table will be a few minutes. By the time I opened the drink menu, she had come to scoop us away to our table! That was a plus.I was a little disappointed when she kept walking us past the stairs [The downstairs is so beautiful, I was hoping to sit down there]. But we still sat in an OK area. [The ambiance wasn't as nice as downstairs though!]For drinks, I had a glass of Prosecco and my boyfriend had a Fever, which consisted of Tquila  jalapenos -- a bit of an acquired taste for some, but we loved it! [I say we because of course I drank some of his :) ]After reading so many reviews, of course I had to take others advice and try the edamame dumplings -- OUT OF THIS WORLD! THESE WERE BY FAR THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN!We also shared the hoisin glazed pork belly which was a gorgeous presentation with spicy shallots, cabbage, and steamed buns -- also, AMAZING!! The appetizers look small at first, but are filling for two to share!Unfortunately, I wasn't as impressed with the entree as I was with the appetizers, but still tasted good -- I had Alaskan Black Cod; he had broken Chili Chicken [-- beer battered with yummy chili sauce].And lastly, for dessert, we shared a Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe -- he loved the chocolate, I loved the peanut butter -- it worked out for both :)So I only gave it 4 stars for the fact that we didn't get to sit downstairs and because the entrees weren't as great as I expected. But I will be back to Buddakan and definitely try something else for my entree!
Went on Saturday night for my friend's bachelorette party. Impeccable food and service. A must-visit in NYC. Try the specialty cocktails!
5 stars on architecture and decor alone...both indoor and outdoor decor is amazing...feels like you are in Barcelona or some European country. Amazingly high ceilings. Bar and sitting / waiting area is so upbeat and NY meets Europe meets LAish. Definitely not good for walk ins, very crowded, can be a long wait even with reservations. A little loud for convo at dinner if upstairs...room for larger groups downstairs. Dressy casual attire, i.e. ladies, cute shirt, jeans and some hot heels and a jacket depending on weather will suffice...men, ask your ladies what to wear LOL. Edamame and chicken dumplings were yummy, boneless ribs, lobster fried rice, mixed greens, also very tasty...kinda like a tappas feel though, so if super hungry, order  lot but don't be mad when you get the pricey bill!
Wow. Stunning decor, beautiful people and delicious food are rare combination but plentifully exist in New York. Especially if you expect that fancy Chinese fusion will turn out to be such a disaster, Buddakan presents a chic way to enjoy everything Asian that actually taste unbelievably yummy.The place is also featured in Sex and The City The Movie when Carrie had her rehearsal dinner before the wedding. I'm such a fan of the medieval Asian meets modern romantic interior. Between the ancient giant door and dangling chandelier at the big dinning room, this place swept me off my feet.-hoisin glazed pork belly. spicy shallots, cabbage, steam buns. succulent pork belly with sweet glazed flavor.-edamame dumpling, shallot-sauternes broth. let's start with my least favorite dish on the table. Taste like mochi gone wrong, despite the great reviews. -sizzling short ribs. mushroom chow fun, Asian pear. this one is amazingly cooked to tenderness and flavorful.-glazed Alaskan black cod. chili egg plant, black bean relish. very soft and moist. -pepper steak chow fun. Chinese broccoli and garlic chives. surprisingly delicious and reminds me of Thai's pad see ew.-chili rock shrimp, toasted ginger. perfectly fried to crispiness, spicy sauce adds a kick to it. yumm...-chinese sausage fried rice. sunny side up egg. another favorite of mine, unexpectedly it taste so similar with Indonesian fried rice. two thumbs up!pics - yummycrave.com/2010/04/b…
Swanky and trendy, Buddakan is one of those celebrity-infused restaurants where you take your favorite out-of-town guests to make them jealous that you live in New York.  The food is amazing, particularly the Edamame Dumpling appetizer ($11) and the Whole Peking Duck ($44).  Arrive about a half hour before you reservation so you and see-and-be-seen in the front lounge area.  There are a number of specialty drinks around the $12 range that are very fun.  If you are seated upstairs, be sure to take a peek into the massive and cavernous downstairs dining room, with ceilings more than 2-stories high and filled with a long banquet-like table.  The service is excellent, the food is fantastic; just be sure that your wallet is prepared to take a hit.
Been to Buddakan with a couple from out of town.The place was packed with wanna be's, girls with cleavages that would make any plastic surgeon feel that he/she was in heaven as they needed urgent repair... gross.The stars go to the decor, beautiful, but that is it. Food is not fantastic, pushy waiter that kept saying that we haven't ordered enough food (we actually left food on our plates....).Drinks are good.Good to impress not so demanding tourists...
Great food. I love the whole setup in the resteraunt, it's very cozy, intimate, dim light, and very modern,
I came here and didn't have high expectation but it turned out that I really enjoyed my meal and I felt that I wanted to come back to try more dishes. The black cod was super delicious and I really love the flavor and the combination. The service was fantastic. It was very dark and a little loud but not as loud as Tao. I definitely prefer Buddakan more than Hakkasan and Tao from food to service.
The decor and space is beautiful and ornate. The lighting is very dim giving the place a sultry feel. I went to the restaurant for drinks only.  We were seated immediately and our server was attentive. The restaurant is very posh and a majority of the patrons looked and were fashionably dressed. Definitely dress to impress! The host and security gave the group I was with, a long look from head to toe before letting us in.
There's over 350+ reviews of this place, so there's really not much I can add to the conversation.I went here without knowing anything about it - it was a friend's birthday party and was told to meet here and bring an appetite. It was a saturday night and the only reservation we could get was for 10:30.And it was all worth it. All the meals are family style and delicious. The drinks were strong. The service spectacular. The interior fantastic. And it wasn't even that pricey. I had a great meal here.If you are on the fence.. go. If you have a reservation.. enjoy!
I really can't find anything bad to say about this place. I made reservations for me and 3 friends, as soon as we came in we were told to go to the lounge and somebody would take us to our seats shortly. After we got drinks and about ten minutes passed, we were taken to our seats. The whole place looks really nice and well decorated. We had the friendliest waiter and he really knew a lot about the menu which is important since I want to know about what I am eating and what's best to order. The food tasted great, we got a bunch of appetizers since it was too late at night for whole entres. We were served quickly and everything was delicious, especially crying chocolate for dessert!
Their gold star is for consistency. Check:My out of town guests consistently enjoy this place. The ambiance is consistently stellar, somehow it escapes being outdated and it feels like a different experience each time depending on which room you sit in.Check: The menu doesn't irritatingly change every month. My favorites are consistently there(  black cod, whole crispy fish, rock shrimp. I really can't vouch for anything else..).Check: There is consistently good service. For example, a fork and spoon set placed before me for dessert was less than sparkling clean and authentic or not our server seemed appalled as did the manager. I made zero stink, just smiled understandingly and they still comped two desserts for us and apologized profusely. That kind of response should be the norm but it isn't and it's one of those things that makes buddakan special.
I came here for one of my birthday dinners and basically chose it because it was the most attractive restaurant I had ever seen (via online pictures).  The large room with the stairs and long table is what got to me - this is what my fantasy dining room is like by the way.However my party was seated in a room beyond this one.  We ordered a ton of food to share.  I thought the dishes were decent but for me the decor was the most memorable part of the experience.
This is probably one of the best restaurants I have been to in NYC and by far the best culinary NYC experience! I highly highly recommend it. Such a beautiful restaurant. And we were very lucky to have this really nice, cute and patient guy serving us, I think his name is Fred!  Make sure to ask for a table in his section. Don't forget to  try the edamame dumplings, the short ribs pancakes, the tuna tartar egg-rolls and the vegetable rice!
The decor makes you feel rich. Don't really understand the fusion part though. I got the rib eye and shared the lobster fried rice with my gf. She got some duck wanton soup which did not look appetizing. The steak's flavor was nothing new and what they seem to call fusion there is just you order either an american main dish (steak, chicken, etc.) with an asian side or vise-versa. Back to the steak; it was the most tender steak I have ever had, Literally melted in my mouth. Lobster fried rice was ok.   For dessert we had the crying chocolate dessert. So good it deserves its own paragraph. I mean it was an orgasm in my mouth good. Only problem  was it was SO SMALL! Now that I look back I regret not ordering another one. Recommend this place, but be prepared to spend $$$.
We took a high school graduate for her graduation because we knew it was a sceney place. I don't have much to add to the other reviews. I will only say the decor and atmosphere is spectacular, service was over the top. Our server was a professional server not an actor.The food is very good. I think this is a special occasion place and you pay for the over all experience. There was nothing wrong with the food. The presentation was great, the food was good but the menu was pretty standard. You can view the menu at their site or at menu pages.I had a cocktail which was called Charm. It was a passion fruit sparkling wine cocktail. It was very good. All menu items were very good. The Peking Duck everyone at the table agreed was the best they had ever had. The beef tar tar appetizer was great. It was all good.The desserts were all kind of similar and if they could improve anything about the food it would be the desserts.I would highly recommend it for anyone.
A great fusion restaurant with a killer menu.The food is stunning and presented gorgeously. The food is asian in taste, but different in only a fusion way. It is presented beautifully, and the staff is knowledgeable about the items. The drinks are killer strong and amazingly ingenious!The interior is intimate and stunning in all ways. All around, a great restaurant for a hot date!
I've been here a couple of times on business dinners and really like it so I recommended it for dinner with another couple. I was not let down again. The dishes here are fresh, tasty and blend different spices and tastes for a great sensation. For appetizers we had wok fried oyster with foie gras, (great blend of tastes with the oyster, some soy and the fried texture), tuna spring rolls (how do they keep the tuna cold with the spring roll fried!!! was awesome), boneless spareribs (very tender, glazed tasted like plum), general tso dumplings (similar to a soup dumpling but with kick) char sui pork "buns" (actually pork belly with a hoison glaze!).  All were top notch and I would have them again.For side dishes we split the lobster fried rice (very delicate with pieces of lobster throughout) and the dungeness sticky rice (a heavier rice wi pieces of crab served in the car shell) were both excellent and contrasted with each other nicely.For entrees we had Mongolian lamb chops (I'm not a lamb fan but by the sound of the people who had them were oohing over them), charred filet of beef (tender like butter served medium rare with a wasabi mayo), sweet and crisply shrimp (a sweet but spicy glaze was perfect), black pepper beef (a little kick!).A great dinner with friends is the perfect night out. I recommend this to small or large groups but the larger the group you can share more!!!
If I could give this restaurant a "zero" rating I would. I was visiting NYC with my friends and we had made reservations a month in advance. Despite that, they seated us 55 minutes late. The service was sub par at best. We waited a long time for our drinks. We had specifically asked for steamed rice to be brought out with our entrees, but our entrees came, got cold, but the rice didn't come. The food was absolutely terrible; there was not a single dish that I would recommend. I will say that their appetizers are very good and unless you want to make a meal out of appetizers, stay away from this restaurant. We asked to speak with the manager on three different occasions, but nobody showed up. We finally got the manager to come after our entrees had gone cold as the rice didn't come. His explanation for the late seating and the poor service was "well..we are very busy". When I am spending my hard earned money, that is just not a good excuse. I will never visit this restaurant again and certainly do not recommend that anyone go there. There are far too many good restaurants in NYC to be wasting your precious time here.
I went here with a fairly large group for dinner.  The food and service was good.  I also liked the interior of this place.  Worth checking out.
So after years of wanting to go to Buddakan, I finally did ! I took my boyfriend there for his birthday and we both loved it! Upon arrival, you are greeted by the friendliest staff [looks like you are checking in at a hotel]; they kindly told us to have a drink in the lounge area, our table will be a few minutes. By the time I opened the drink menu, she had come to scoop us away to our table! That was a plus.I was a little disappointed when she kept walking us past the stairs [The downstairs is so beautiful, I was hoping to sit down there]. But we still sat in an OK area. [The ambiance wasn't as nice as downstairs though!]For drinks, I had a glass of Prosecco and my boyfriend had a Fever, which consisted of Tquila  jalapenos -- a bit of an acquired taste for some, but we loved it! [I say we because of course I drank some of his :) ]After reading so many reviews, of course I had to take others advice and try the edamame dumplings -- OUT OF THIS WORLD! THESE WERE BY FAR THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN!We also shared the hoisin glazed pork belly which was a gorgeous presentation with spicy shallots, cabbage, and steamed buns -- also, AMAZING!! The appetizers look small at first, but are filling for two to share!Unfortunately, I wasn't as impressed with the entree as I was with the appetizers, but still tasted good -- I had Alaskan Black Cod; he had broken Chili Chicken [-- beer battered with yummy chili sauce].And lastly, for dessert, we shared a Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe -- he loved the chocolate, I loved the peanut butter -- it worked out for both :)So I only gave it 4 stars for the fact that we didn't get to sit downstairs and because the entrees weren't as great as I expected. But I will be back to Buddakan and definitely try something else for my entree!
Went on Saturday night for my friend's bachelorette party. Impeccable food and service. A must-visit in NYC. Try the specialty cocktails!
5 stars on architecture and decor alone...both indoor and outdoor decor is amazing...feels like you are in Barcelona or some European country. Amazingly high ceilings. Bar and sitting / waiting area is so upbeat and NY meets Europe meets LAish. Definitely not good for walk ins, very crowded, can be a long wait even with reservations. A little loud for convo at dinner if upstairs...room for larger groups downstairs. Dressy casual attire, i.e. ladies, cute shirt, jeans and some hot heels and a jacket depending on weather will suffice...men, ask your ladies what to wear LOL. Edamame and chicken dumplings were yummy, boneless ribs, lobster fried rice, mixed greens, also very tasty...kinda like a tappas feel though, so if super hungry, order  lot but don't be mad when you get the pricey bill!
Wow. Stunning decor, beautiful people and delicious food are rare combination but plentifully exist in New York. Especially if you expect that fancy Chinese fusion will turn out to be such a disaster, Buddakan presents a chic way to enjoy everything Asian that actually taste unbelievably yummy.The place is also featured in Sex and The City The Movie when Carrie had her rehearsal dinner before the wedding. I'm such a fan of the medieval Asian meets modern romantic interior. Between the ancient giant door and dangling chandelier at the big dinning room, this place swept me off my feet.-hoisin glazed pork belly. spicy shallots, cabbage, steam buns. succulent pork belly with sweet glazed flavor.-edamame dumpling, shallot-sauternes broth. let's start with my least favorite dish on the table. Taste like mochi gone wrong, despite the great reviews. -sizzling short ribs. mushroom chow fun, Asian pear. this one is amazingly cooked to tenderness and flavorful.-glazed Alaskan black cod. chili egg plant, black bean relish. very soft and moist. -pepper steak chow fun. Chinese broccoli and garlic chives. surprisingly delicious and reminds me of Thai's pad see ew.-chili rock shrimp, toasted ginger. perfectly fried to crispiness, spicy sauce adds a kick to it. yumm...-chinese sausage fried rice. sunny side up egg. another favorite of mine, unexpectedly it taste so similar with Indonesian fried rice. two thumbs up!pics - yummycrave.com/2010/04/b…
Swanky and trendy, Buddakan is one of those celebrity-infused restaurants where you take your favorite out-of-town guests to make them jealous that you live in New York.  The food is amazing, particularly the Edamame Dumpling appetizer ($11) and the Whole Peking Duck ($44).  Arrive about a half hour before you reservation so you and see-and-be-seen in the front lounge area.  There are a number of specialty drinks around the $12 range that are very fun.  If you are seated upstairs, be sure to take a peek into the massive and cavernous downstairs dining room, with ceilings more than 2-stories high and filled with a long banquet-like table.  The service is excellent, the food is fantastic; just be sure that your wallet is prepared to take a hit.
Been to Buddakan with a couple from out of town.The place was packed with wanna be's, girls with cleavages that would make any plastic surgeon feel that he/she was in heaven as they needed urgent repair... gross.The stars go to the decor, beautiful, but that is it. Food is not fantastic, pushy waiter that kept saying that we haven't ordered enough food (we actually left food on our plates....).Drinks are good.Good to impress not so demanding tourists...
Great food. I love the whole setup in the resteraunt, it's very cozy, intimate, dim light, and very modern,
I came here and didn't have high expectation but it turned out that I really enjoyed my meal and I felt that I wanted to come back to try more dishes. The black cod was super delicious and I really love the flavor and the combination. The service was fantastic. It was very dark and a little loud but not as loud as Tao. I definitely prefer Buddakan more than Hakkasan and Tao from food to service.
The decor and space is beautiful and ornate. The lighting is very dim giving the place a sultry feel. I went to the restaurant for drinks only.  We were seated immediately and our server was attentive. The restaurant is very posh and a majority of the patrons looked and were fashionably dressed. Definitely dress to impress! The host and security gave the group I was with, a long look from head to toe before letting us in.
There's over 350+ reviews of this place, so there's really not much I can add to the conversation.I went here without knowing anything about it - it was a friend's birthday party and was told to meet here and bring an appetite. It was a saturday night and the only reservation we could get was for 10:30.And it was all worth it. All the meals are family style and delicious. The drinks were strong. The service spectacular. The interior fantastic. And it wasn't even that pricey. I had a great meal here.If you are on the fence.. go. If you have a reservation.. enjoy!
I really can't find anything bad to say about this place. I made reservations for me and 3 friends, as soon as we came in we were told to go to the lounge and somebody would take us to our seats shortly. After we got drinks and about ten minutes passed, we were taken to our seats. The whole place looks really nice and well decorated. We had the friendliest waiter and he really knew a lot about the menu which is important since I want to know about what I am eating and what's best to order. The food tasted great, we got a bunch of appetizers since it was too late at night for whole entres. We were served quickly and everything was delicious, especially crying chocolate for dessert!
Love me so Buddakan!Sitting:I have sat at one of the shared tables at the bar.  Great little spot to have appetizers and some drinks.  Worried about not having enough "SPACE?"  Don't worry the people are usually super friendly.   Absolutely fabulous for people watching!  I have also had dinner at a table downstairs.   I am not sure I would recommend it.  They layout and decor is a bit odd because it is more french then asian in the dining room.  I guess for a party of big group it would be great because you are isolated from the rest of the restaurant.Food:LOVE LOVE LOVE the heirloom tomatoes salad...also a huge fan of the vegetable rice and charred filet of beef.  If you are looking for a fish option the steamed sole is tasty.  I would absolutely recommend this berry dessert.. I think it is seasonal, which is a bummer but if they have it.. get it!!!
Does Buddakan need another review? No. But five days after eating there, I still cannot stop thinking about the edamame dumplings and shredded beef scallion pancakes. This was by far one of the best meals I have had in my three years living in New York. We were greeted by the friendliest bartender in New York when we waited at the bar. She happily advised on cocktails and made a deliciously strong drink for the bf and I -a rich man's John Daly. We were seated within ten minutes of our reservation, and again, greeted by a most friendly waitress who was so attentive it was shocking. The food came out quickly, but upon biting in, it was evident how fresh and calculated the ingredients in each dish were. My bf told them it was my birthday and they came out with a beautiful bread pudding with Happy Birthday in chocolate and a lit candle. Come here, come here, come here!
For those of you who are not aware, Buddakan is the restaurant where they filmed the rehearsal dinner of "Carrie and Big" from Sex and the City Movie.  It is located in the Meatpacking district.We had made reservations for 8:45pm.  Upon arrival, we were escorted to the bar.  The "bar" area is quite nice.  There is long bar on one side of the room with bar stools and in the middle of the room there are large square tables with benches that are meant to be shared with other customers as you enjoy your cocktail.  The bartender was extremely nice, she made a very good cosmopolitan Martini for us (Didn't taste strong, but once finished, you felt the effects).  The restaurant is beautiful and very large.  It is a 2 story building where you can see the first floor from the second floor.  The decorations and the candle light lighting were perfect.   After a few drinks, we were escorted to our table on the first floor.  The service was exceptional.  The waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the restaurant as well as other restaurants from the same Chef.  Appetizers- Lobster egg rolls were fantastic!  Pork pot stickers were also very good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  Main- Lobster fried rice and Sizzling Short Ribs were delicious.  We also ordered the Shacha Chicken-I don't love BBQ so I may be partial, but it was OK.  Nothing grand about it.  Dessert- Peanut Butter Bar!  Delicious!!!
Fellow NFL football player Dustin Keller recommended this place to me, and let me start off by saying this isn't really my kind of food, im more of a steakhouse kind of guy, but this place is truly amazing. If you're looking for a visually stunning place to eat, a place with culinary vision and a obviously inspired chef, go here.The food was simply amazing, everything about it, taste, freshness, presentation, it was delicious.If Adrian Peterson loves it, you better.
When I first came here a few years ago I thought it was pretty damn excellent. We went crazy with the cocktails and tried a million small dishes and whiled away the hours without feeling rushed. The waiters let you flirt with them.Lately I've been feeling less than impressed. First it was the clientele. When did all the people from New Jersey and Long Island start flooding into this place like it was the ark that would save them from the flood? Then they must have fired their mixologist, because the cocktails still have fancy names but they taste wrong! A good cocktail is one that goes down easy, but I could barely get down half a glass of the new swill they are passing off as designer drinks. As for the food, well, each time I visit i lower my expectations for the next occasion accordingly. The menu is consistent, but the taste isn't, and that is bewildering. Some dishes are overspiced, some are undersalted. It's like they decided to hire the busboys to do the cooking. This place is no longer fun, and if someone suggested returning, I would most likely pass. There are so many amazing places in Buddakan's league that would be better bang for my buck.
Come here to see the beautiful people or the Corp card gangs. Food was very good, service too (plenty of waiters around). Prices what you expect for this kind of trendy fusion food joint.
Unbelievable food. You have to try the edamame dumplings, and the short rib on scallion pancakes. The service was impeccable. The atmosphere was super romantic and swanky. Cannot wait to go back!
Great food, highly recommended for sharing. We've epecially enjoyed the different types of dumplings and prawn noodles. Service is above average.
The best touristy restaurant (for those tourist with deep pockets) in NY. Try other places for local faire but this is great when people come to visit.Out of towners will be blown away by the size of this place and the layout.Must haves:Pork BunsEdamame dumplings (I cannot stress this enough)
One of the best meals I've ever had. The service was superb, very friendly staff and a very rustic yet modern feel to the decor.  Dungeness crab sticky rice, braised short ribs, chili rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, crying cake and almond bread pudding. The 2 of us ate like a party of 4 - and no shame at all! We were even lucky enough to get a tour of the kitchen! Absolutely loved it!
Went to Buddakan for dinner last thursday... myself and 2 friends...the place was filled with a lot of "business" looking types, and even though I don't appear that way, it wasn't an issue with our service etc... basically, being 3 rocknroll looking people didn't effect the way we were treated.We had a variety of dishes and everything was very, very good.Some could/would say the food is pricey, but it IS a restaurant in NYC, so you have to accept the business has bills to pay, and with that in mind, you need to pull a profit to stay afloat, so the prices didn't bother me.All in all, I'd highly recommend Buddakan.It is goooooood.Oh, and the waiter gave us free dessert! (we order a lot of food...I guess it was a way of saying thanks).
Went with a few friends that were visiting from out of town. So it was one of those once-in-a-while nice restaurant nights. The wait wasnt long at all, but then again, we arrived around 11pm. I was suprised they were still serving, but there were still people being seated and tables still being served. Service: A bit slow. Our waitress was nice but she didn't make her rounds very often. Once we asked her to take a picture for us but she said she'd be back as her hands were full, but never did come back. We ended up having a bus-boy take it instead. She was however quite polite and apologized after when she remembered. Food:Typical of a higher end dining restaurant. The portions were small, expensive, but delicious and well prepared. Everything on the menu is meant to be shared family style. Think of it as a Tapas restaurant with an asian twist. Most of the dishes had some asian/chinese origin to them. A few of the dishes we had:Edamame Dumplings - served in a light broth - basically edamame bean paste wrapped inside a chinese dimsum shrimp dumpling skin (sans the shrimp) - you can really taste the edamame flavour, slightly on the salty sideLamb Chops - medium rare - spot on, very tender. Deep fried jumbo shrimp - quite good, reminds me of a japanese izakaya dish Ive had before Ambiance: Romantic. The dining room downstairs was very nice - think medevil time long table with chandeliers hanging down from a very high ceiling. Too bad we didn't get seated there.
Crazy cool interior - it's worth checking out the main dining room. I'd like to know just how much cash the owners droppped on that rennovation....The food is delicious but certainly pricy - the edamame dumplings are quite a unique experience and the Black Cod was mouth watering. If you're with a group of discerning foodies with deep pockets, this is a great spot. It's a bit of a ridiculous scene though - when I was there, a racuous group of pre-teens had gathered for a friends birthday. All of the prepubuscent girls were decked out in designer duds. The youth of Manhattan grow up way too fast!
The food wast excellent.  We had the lobster egg roll, carrot wonton, lemon chicken and lobster fried rice.  The service was excellent. Can't wait to go there again. The place was beautiful
I'm originally from las vegas, so it's extremely reminiscent of Tao. Especially in size. The lounge exudes sexy low red lighting, pefect vibe for a rendezvous- until you realize the cocktail servers could really care less about you. Actually this would be the perfect place for a couple who only has eyes for eachother and who won't be distracted by the vast amount this Restaurant/ Bar is lacking. The drinks were sub par and mildly unique. They offer bottle service, but I couldn't imagine anyone ordering anything other than a bottle of champagne. This isn't a nightclub, and if you want to pick someone up, you might have a chance at the bar. Lots of out of towners- I'm sure the food isn't bad, but I think I got my fill. I wouldn't return unless someone else insisted- even then I would probably suggest somewhere else...
If basing my time at Buddakan on how my body physically felt while I was there, I would have to give it a 1. I was still hungover from the night before, had walked 6 miles all day, was stuffed on chillie cheese fries at snack time (yes, snack time), and felt like I was going to be sick to my stomach. HOWEVER, despite this, the food was excellent, the service spot on, and the atmosphere unbelievable. I'll break it down. 1. Service- Minus having to wait in the bar area for our table (what's the point of reservations, i ask?) the area was lively. Due to feeling ill I didn't drink but my friends cocktails seemed beautiful and creative. Our server was wonderful, attentive and explained the menu well. 2. Menu- Flipping unbelievably delicious. we ordered the springrolls which were steaming hot and amazing, and the rock shrimp. I am obsessed with rock shrimp and this was very good. For our mains we had the Short Rib, chillie chicken, lobster fried rice, blackened cod, caulliflower, and a few other things I can't remember now. All of it was steaming hot and delicious. Special shoutout to the short rib. I polished it off it was so good. My only negative is that the waitress suggested we order 2 aps, 3 mains, and two misc. from the rice and sides. This was way too much food for 3 girls and we ended up only eating half of it. 3. The Vibe- It was on SATC for crying out loud so of course it's cool but it was REALLY nicely done. New York has nailed the "concept" restaurant, and this one did not dissapoint. Large, loud, and lively and not so dark that you couldn't see your food or friends. Amazing place, yummy food. **1 thing to note. The bathrooms on the upstairs floor are GROSS. at least the ones I used. Communal, and the floor was wet. For a restaurant so commited to looking chic, cool and at over 30$ a plate, I'd appreciate a cleaner restroom that a male didn't just use. There could be other bathrooms I was missing though.**
great. simply great.recos:cantonese spring rollsedamame dumplingshoisin glazed pork bellychili rock shrimplobster fried riceblack pepper beef alaskan black coddrinks: fate
I loved the edamame dumplings and the black cod, as well as the almond bread pudding.  We had some specials because it was the Chinese New Year, the suckling pig (which was great), and the golden sesame custard thing (just ok.)  The calamari salad appetizer was my least favorite thing (just some batter-fried calamari tossed in a mixed greens salad).I had a drink called Fate that was amazing, too (prosecco, elderflower, pineapple juice).  The drinks are fun combos, and go down super easy.Very striking rooms to dine in, always gratifying not to be elbow-to-elbow in nyc...Definitely a work account kind of place, or a way to impress out-of -towners.  Definitely not disappointed, but more about the experience than the actual food.  Service was very, very attentive and friendly.
Excellent place from the attentive kind staff, decoration, food quality and portion to the drinks we had that was recommended by our waitress. Definitely recommended. We had Sichuan dan dan, shrimp appetizers, and torn chili chicken and haze and longevity cocktails.
Amazing food, never disappoints! Decor and service is great, trendy atmosphere.  Expensive but worth every penny!
I took my wife here for her birthday on Monday. From what I had heard about Steven Starrs' first venture into NYC, I had to check it out. We weren't disappointed. Visually, the restaurant is stunning. We were seated at a table overlooking the BIG room. It reminds me of scenes from movies like "The King and I" with its ridiculously high ceiling, elaborately carved relief's and 3 massive chandeliers hanging over a 40 seat long table.My wife had one of the special cocktails, the "Charm" ($11.00), made with prosecco,  passion fruit liqueur, apples and berries. To perfumy for me, but my wife loved it. For appetizers, we shared the chili rock shrimp ($13.00) and lobster egg rolls ($14.00). The shrimp were tempura fried to perfection, and the sauce was sweet and tart.  The egg rolls were, I think, frozen and fried, but they were still delicious with a sauce that I can't recall now.The wine list is categorized by adjectives. Rich, Refreshing, Silky Smooth and Muscular are a few of the categories. We opted for Silky Smooth with the Rex Hill Pinot Noir ($65.00). It was, well, silky smooth with a nice black peppery finish.For main courses, we shared the Filet Steak ($29.00) with a wonton filled with crispy potatoes and  Dijon mustard sauce, and the Lobster and Shrimp Chow Fun ($35.00) The steak was melt-in-your-mouth tender, and they got medium-rare perfectly. The portion was kinda small, I think it was about 8 oz. The mustard sauce was almost custard-like, and was great for dipping the steak with. The wonton was just a shell filled with potato chips. The lobster and shrimp chow fun came in an x.o. brandy sauce and the classic chow fun noodles (wide, slippery rice noodles) This dish was great, served in a deep bowl, and the lobster was cooked right...it wasn't too chewy as often is the case.Dessert was presented very nicely, the pastry chef wrote "Happy Birthday Susan" on the Crying Chocolate Cake with Coffee Ice Cream ($10.00) and we also enjoyed the Kaffir Lime Tarte ($10.00). What can  say about chocolate and lime? Just that the desserts alone would be a reason for us to go back.We splurged a bit on two Inniskillin Icewines ($25.00 each), but it's a birthday, right? The server was awesome in that she brought out tastes of three different dessert wines for us to taste, and when we tasted the Inniskillin, the price didn't matter. Rich and intensely sweet from the concentrated sugar in the grapes, it was the perfect end to a great dining experience.The server (Yonella) was very friendly and informative, very important to me, being in the biz. The service was prompt when we first arrived when there were a lot of empty tables. It got a bit slower when the restaurant filled up. I took about twenty minutes to get the check, which sucked cause we have a new puppy that was missing us. I know the server just got maybe 4 new tables, but that's when a manager should check on all the tables to see if anyone needs anything. The total check was $261.00 before tip, so if you are going to splurge here, bring a fat wallet or purse. (Well, we did spent like $140.00 on booze) Overall, I have to say that it was a good value, based upon the total experience. We are thinking of having my next birthday party there, but this time with 20 people, at the BIG table in the BIG room...and I want to sit at the head of the table!
Could Buddakan be the best Asian fusion restaurant in NYC? I, for one, would not be scandalized if somebody suggested that was the case - it's that good. After having some excellent drinks at the bar while waiting for our table (mezcal jalapeno), we were ready to enjoy some serious food at 10:30pm. One of our team members was vegetarian, so we ordered edamame dumplings, carrot dumplings, and the 2 vegetarian tofu dishes. Add on top of that the lobster spring rolls, the glazed pork belly, the filet, the soft shell tempura crab and a noodle soup. The result is bliss. Everything was excellent, but the edamame dumplings (mashed with truffle undertones), the soft shell tempura crab (crispy delish), the glazed pork belly (mouth-wateringly fatty scrumptious), and the filet (usa that mustard-mayo sauce) were just over the top amazing. Excellent wine list too, though on the expensive side. Service could not be faulted. And the ambiance has just the right amount of pre-party vibe leading up to a crazy night in the MePa. Bring adventurous out-of-towners to impress.
This is place is enormous and elaborate and might take your breath away, yet somehow manages to stay intimate. It's an extravaganza of sights and sounds (with all the requisite Pan Asian twists) but it works. 

To be fair, my party only went here on the later side, for drinks and small plates (mostly dumplings, which were great), but the atmosphere - especially since Buddakan is so new - was that you were at the right place at the right moment in the right city.

With Morimoto at the other end of the Chelsea Market., can this block of lower 9th and 10th Avenues get any hotter?
Our local city girl took us here while we were visiting NYC and it did NOT disapppoint. In fact, we still talk about the food we ate while we were there. Who knew a basement could look so outstanding? Unassuming on the outside and gorgeous inside, this place is a gem. I figured snooty service would come along judging by the looks of this place but we had a wonderful server and never felt rushed or cheap (we didn't order alcohol). Our food was simply amazing and I didn't think the price was inflated, either. Will go back next time we visit the East Coast.
Beautiful decor friendly staff and amazing food. The fried oysters with foie gras and scallion pancakes with short ribs were 2 of my favorites out of many. Will definitely be going back ASAP!
I'll be honest...I really, really like the place...very trendy. My friend made reservations for 4 of us while visiting NYC (she's a SATC fanatic  knowing that I love the show). But it's one of those Asian fusion places that can be a hit or a miss. I guess that's why I'm giving this place more like 3.5 stars. We were wowed with the decor as the hostess sat us, thankfully, not at the communal table. The dinner  we ordered was average, I thought, nothing that really stood out. Dessert was good. As for the bathroom, it was really dark inside  could barely see myself in the mirror.
Amazing place for a birthday celebration, we just loved it. Impeccable service. Everyone was so nice, and I was shocked considering it is so easy to be the opposite of that if you work at a trendy restaurant. The food was fantastic, and we were not looking for super authentic asian-style cuisine, we were looking for the whole package of a superb time and had just that at Buddakan.
I am always skeptical on Asian Fusion restaurants, but this is the first place that really does it right. Great atmosphere and space design. We had: Edamame Dumplings - Puree edamame with truffle oil in a perfect HaGow style wrapper. Homage to the delicacy of Dim Sum.Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - Spicy shallots, cabbage, steamed bun mini pancake wrappers.Chili Rock Shrimp - toasted ginger, tempura friedVegetable Rice - Coconut Curry Foam possibly unnecessary. Rice itself was delicious, a little sticky and good like that.Sugar Snap Peas - mixed wild mushrooms, Chinese mushrooms, Soy Tapioca pearls that we initially mistook for caviar.Shacha Chicken w Five Spice - Moist and tender meat, skin could have been more crispyMongolian Lamb Chops - Ordered the meat medium, came out perfect. Crystallized Ginger crust was tasyKung Pao Monkfish - Meaty fish, tempura fried, tasty Kung Pao sauceTranquility Cocktail: Citurs Vodka, Lemongrass Infused Tea
Another great accomplishment by Stephen Starr, the interior design can be described as a elegant dungeons of east meets west.  That is the feeling I got, lol! As a pastry chef, I do recommend the chocolate mousse and homemade Mexican chocolate gelato, a touch of chili spice will take your taste bud on a adventure, however stay away from the ginger creme brulee, it is lack of flavor and over baked.  I highly recommend the pork spare ribs. It was my wife's favorite.  Also, the lime sorbet chilled udon were also winner of our night. The flavor of dish could describe as a traditional Thai combination in a modern twist.  I would give the venue  five stars if the hosts were more friendly and attentive.
OVER-RATED. I seriously am dumbfounded at how many 5 Star ratings Buddakan has been given.I came here with family friends and heard of all the great things to be said about this place. The decor is stunning, staff was kind and curtious, great presentation, all as expected. The problem lies in the food itself, not one thing I tasted was spectacular. We asked our server what his recommendations were and what the most popular dishes were. He pointed out the edamame dumplings and Tuna tartare spring rolls. We ordered quite a few main dishes and I have already forgotten what they were. Nothing memorable. I do however remember that the edamame dumplings had a bean paste texture which I didn't mind but they tasted bitter and salty. The tuna tartare spring rolls were ok. Everything else was mediocre. My lunch appetizer from Nobu was better than everything I've had here that night for dinner.Regarding Pat P. and his comment that one of the Chefs (Sous Chef Dale Talde) has been a contestant on that show Top Chef. Big deal? Some of the contestants on that show haven't even been to Culinary School.Food-Wise, Buddakan gets 2 Stars because the awful taste of the edamame dumplings still haunts me and the rest wasn't worth remembering.
Excellent food and service.  Made reservations for 7:30 pm and we were seated immediately in a nice corner on the main floor.  Great variety. My friend is gluten free and there was a variety for her to choose from.  The Edamame dumplings were lovely.  We were joined for dinner by our friends from Europe.  We all agreed it was one of the best meals we had during our stay and will be back.
Went here recently for a friends 30th Birthday. Booked a few weeks in advance for a late saturday booking as I heard it can get quite booked out. It was certainly buzzing when we arrived for our 9:30 seating and as some others have pointed out, you might still need to wait once you arrive. But honestly, take a deep breath, go order a cocktail and wait at the bar in the amazing surroundings.You have pretty strong will power if you can manage to be uptight and angry in there because the setting, the service and the food are amazing.The hosts told us they would find us when our table was ready. They found us once to give us an update that we had not been forgotten (it had been less than 10 minutes) then they were back in a few more minutes to seat us. These were different girls finding us, makes me wonder if they keep notes on what we look like. Regardless, amazing service.Our waiter was knowledgeable, personable and fun. We were not rushed in anyway, he recommended he actually liked, and suggested the best wines. He also made several jokes about us breaking two champagne flutes, but I tell you they were fragile...Make sure you eat the edamame dumplings, it's heaven.There was so much more to the experience, go and try it for yourself!
The decor here is stunning and it is such a scene.  Definitely worth the overpriced asian fusion food.Highlights include the Tuna Tartar spring rolls Jade Shrimp Dumplings (every bite is brimming with meaty bites of real shrimp, not shrimp paste or fillers)Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - covered in that mayonaissey sauce (yes, it's a bit like the traditional chinese restaurants, but the shrimps are massive and the flavor is spot on)Dungeoness Crab Sticky Rice - served in the shell of a real dungeoness crab.  Great presentation.  Note- the rice is going to be sticky tho and you'll have to work to dig out all the glutinous rice out of that crab shell.Twice Cooked Long Beans - this was AWESOME and quite different that just stir fried long beansSpiced Tofu  Cashews - a friend threw this dish into the mix, and at first I was like, who's going to waste space on this?  Boy was I wrong?  It was absolutely delicious!In general, I think all the fish entrees are great!To save on $$$ and calories, I would pass on: Edamme Dumplings (now I know that others think this is a real favorite, but it is too mushy for my taste)Taro Lollipops - I love taro puffs, but to have minced pork inside which is a bit heavy on the ginger turms me off.  If it was pork and shrimp minus the ginger, it would be a home run.Beef Bao Buns - the skin is too dense, should be much lighter.  Filling to thick and sweet.  A hole in the wall in Chinatown would have much better meat buns or pork buns.Beef Lettuce Cups - not enough dressing or wetness, just blah.  PF Chang's chicken lettuce cups are even better than theseI think all the noodle/fried rice dishes are pretty good as well.  A great place to go for a nice dinner/client dinner where everyone can dine family style. Here is a TIP:  SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.The dessert here is awesome.  That crying chocolate?  I think it really did make me cry.  And there is some other dessert that they had going on Winter of 2009 that was a non-chocolate dessert...it was like pear or cardommom or something...anyway, it was absolutely awesome.  Kudos to the pastry chef.  Also, if you are going to use the mens or ladies room, take note of the paintings of the man and woman of the wall leading to the entrance of the bathrooms.  The side the man is on leads to the mens room, and the side with the curvy naked woman leads to the ladies room.  There are no signs or doors, so beware!
Wow, this place is impressive. We had to wait a little bit for a table with our reservation but the waiting lounge is comfortable and they keep the drinks coming. The food and service were excellent. Our starter was the lobster egg rolls and I didn't want it to end. I recommend the Filet and Pepper Ribeye Steak entrees as the were both excellent and cooked perfectly. This place made our night.
Great atmosphere. The food is incredible. Pork Belly, Peking Duck and Short Rib are all great dishes.
By far my favourite restaurant in NYC!!  Service...excellent!  Ambiance....beautiful!!  Food....exquisite, yum, delicious.....need I say more???  If you haven't been...please go!  I wanted to try EVERYTHING on the menu; therefore I will be returning again and again :)
This establishment on the corner of the Chelsea Market gets five stars for decor and atmosphere but three stars for the actual food. The decor is a fusion of the Asian influences and classical European styles. Probably one level below the Budda Bar a few blocks down in the same area.The place on the weekend is packed by meatpacking district roamers and out of towners. Which isn't a bad thing, it just means that the crowd is usually well dressed for a night out on the town. (Think sex and the city vibe) However, the Asian fusion food is somewhat average. I honestly believe people go for the atmosphere rather than the actual food.The one highlight of the meal is the dessert selections. The desserts are almost perfect and shouldn't be missed if you do come here for dinner.
Everything was soo tasty! You could really tell that the food was fresh. I also loved that you could taste the specific flavors of each item -- nothing seemed drowned in salt and butter. Oh and the dessert! We had the green tea doughnuts and crying chocolate - both were beautifully presented and soo delicious. Yes, it's true that portions are on the smaller side compared to other restaurants, but I thought they were a perfect size - just enough to feel satisfied but not stuffed. The portions are especially good if you are like me and like trying various items on the menu. My friend was drinking cabernet and I tried two different cocktails (both with lychee). I really liked the 'Longevity'. It was a nice balance between sour and sweet and was pretty strong. The decor is amazing, and the music was really cool and at a perfect volume. Yes, it's expensive, but the food is worth it and you are also paying for the experience. I was very happy with the service! The courses hit the table at perfect times and our waiter was very funny, professional, and helpful. All of the other staff were great too :)
First time for everything. The layout is huge, they have to do over 600 covers or more. The hostess are lined up infront of their computers, at first I thought we were in a hotel. We got a table in the lounge, where the full menu can be served too. This place turns there table, so if your look to take your time, don't go here. We honestly ordered and 4 minutes later the food was up. They bring it out one by one, whatever is up is coming to your table. Very fast service. Betsy was a great help! The Food:Shrimp Dumplings: (5) served with a spicy soy sauce. Mushroom and Sugar Snap Peas ( a highly recommendation)Scallions Pancakes with braised shortribs: The taste overall was good, but I thought they were to greasy. Atmosphere: Dark and SexyI'll need to come back to try more, give myself a better impression.
I was looking around for a good restaurant to go with a friends on New years eve before hitting one of the clubs. This kinda caught my eye as being an upscale place which is reasonably priced.    As we walked in we got the feeling of walking into some place upscale. The service at the door was excellent with someone ready to help us as soon as we enter. The decor is dark but welcoming. The whole place was set for a long new years night. As for the food.. Only one word -- exceptional. they had a fixed price menu but never forced us to get it and yes they serve family style which let me taste about 10 different dishes. The appetizers were good, the right quantity with the right amount of spice. for main course i ordered the fish of the day and wasnt too impressed by it but loved the lamb chops and the beef fried rice. Coming to the main part -- Desert.. definitely try the crying chocolate.. it was heaven. The chocolate brownie just melts in your mouth. dont waste your time on the white chocolate cake. its like every other while chocolate cake.overall i had a great time and would suggest people to try this place. you will not regret it. This is the only other place that i am giving 5 stars and it deserves it.
Beautiful restaurant, wonderful courteous efficient service and amazing food. We went with the waiter's recommendations he he steered us right. Great bottle of wine, the tuna tartare spring rolls were incredible and also enjoyed the General Tso's dumplings. For main entree I had the charred filet which was the best beef I've ever had not prepared by a french chef. Buttery and melted in my mouth. The kung pao monkfish was excellent as well. Everything had unique combinations of flavors that worked beautifully together. The crying chocolate dessert was a perfect ending.
I went to Buddakan originally on the "Sex  the city" tour, which My friend  I were educated on the fact that this is where Bigg  Carrie have their rehearsal dinner in the first movie. Regardless if you are a Sex  the city fan or not this restaurant is to not be missed! I came here for my 26th birthday with 5 of my friends and it was one of the best experiences of my life. Not only was the food delicious, the drinks crisp  refreshinging... but the ambiance was unbelievable! The decor is not what you typically see  the restaurant is huge! Said to be the biggest space in all of Manhattan. Okay, so now for the review on the food  drinks; first off yes it can get pricey,l but I think that one could go here for a drink  Dim Sum  walk out not spending too much.. because the experience is part of it. My friends and I ordered cocktails from the speciality cocktail menu... we ordered the reflection, Haze, virtue  charm (Cute names, right?), my best friend ordered the reflection  that was hands down my favorite, I think we both had three or four... the others were good as well, but the reflection was special. They have special glasses they are put in, which gives it the extra touch. Now for the food, we ordered a lot of different things, but from what I can remember we ordered: the Bo Bo plate, General Tso's dumplings, Spare ribs, Lobster egg rolls, Minced pork Lo Mein  Chilled Udon noodles. The Bo Bo Plate, which is what I ordered for myself included: Tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp rolls, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings  a cantonese spring roll. Everything was delicious, nothing was ok.. the spare ribs were perfection. The Bo Bo plate is a great option because you can get a little taste of everything. I think this place is great for groups because you can easily share and have a taste of everything and I also think that makes the evening fun when you can share and enjoy dishes together. They even have a communal table which is absolutely stunning with a chadelier that is beyond words. We sat in a room right near it, but my view was towards the communal table, so I was able to really enjoy it. Lastly, for dessert we ordered the bread pudding  they even gave us a dessert for my birthday.. both were incredible, the dessert they gave was just as good, which I was surprised by because normally when its free, its just ok. All in all, great experience, food, pictures  memories... P.S. I do think that this place is just as easily for couples because it is romantic as well. Everyone should go  it is also in a great area so plenty to do afterwards as well.
What can I say? Buddakan is your typical Meatpacking restaurant - swanky with beautiful Asian-inspired decor. It's a place to dine and be seen. I would bash these sort of establishments, but the food here is truly amazing! I think Buddakan brings Asian food to a whole new level.There is a nice lounge area where you can sit and order drinks before being seated. Cocktails were very good - I recommend trying the Charm cocktail. My friends came here for a special occasion and we decided to go all out. I recommend ordering the lobster spring rolls and the hoisin glazed pork belly as appetizers. The pork belly was a sensory explosion - the pork belly was cooked to perfection and it basically melts in your mouth.The snap peas were surprisingly very delicious. My friends and I couldn't stop raving about it even though it's just a simple snap pea dish. The fresh ingredients really spoke for themselves.Skip the chilled udon noodles - not memorable and left a funny aftertaste in my mouth. Did not like the combination of the lime juice and the peanut butter.Service was very good. Food came out really quickly. I think we outstayed our welcome and chatted a bit after dessert and we could tell the waiter getting a bit annoyed with us.
This is a neat place. Definitely a good place to take a business party on an expense account. It is a bit pricey but many unique dishes which are pretty good. The atmosphere is also really neat.
"Buddakan;" serving modern Asian Cuisine in a huge banquet hall-like setting with chandeliers hanging from high ceilings, and enough space to seat 275 people. It looks like a palace, and serves an incredible mixture of Asian and European flavors, textures, and ingredients. I really enjoyed the foods here, Especially the Edamame Dumplings. It's Chinese, but tastes nothing like Chinese. It's soft, delicate, fresh, refreshing, and creamy!
This review is long overdue. I was in NYC a few months back on a mini vacation when I came in here for dinner with my cousin. Now I had some big expectations for this place seeing as I always read tabloids and celebrities are spotted in here quite often. Anyway, I was not disappointed. We went on a Saturday night and while it is huge, it was still packed! I loved the whole ambiance.I had the fate cocktail which was delicious!  Highly recommend that for someone who likes something light, fresh, and fruity!Now on to the food. We had the chili rock shrimp. This was outstanding. So tasty I could not believe how good they were! We also had the lobster fried rice which was yummy, but over priced at $19 for rice and a few pieces of lobster. We kept the dinner small because we were eating rather late 10:30 because that was the only reservation we could get. Also, we came mostly for some cocktails.Highly recommend this place to anyone who visits NYC.
Take a fantastic space. Add 4- (rather than 5-) star food.Then turn down the lights, turn up the music, and dial the pretence all the way up to 11 (let's all pretend we're at Tao in Vegas!). And drop in a few reminiscent-of-Vegas prices.... you'll get pretty close to Buddakan! If that's your thing, you'll absolutely love it. But you're going to pay for the privilege of - in this yelper's opinion - all the superfluous stuff.I know this sounds ridiculous, but if this food had been served to me in a back alley somewhere in Chinatown with neon lights and ducks hanging in the window (and a price tag to match that imagined decor) I'd be giving this place 5 stars. Instead, for me at least, it's a meh. Won't be going back, but I can understand why some people dig it.
I'm typically not a fan of high-end restaurants.  Their minuscule portions are generally no match for my vast appetite, and their hefty prices too much for my student budget.  And of course, there would usually be a palpable air of pretension that sometimes turns eating into an artistic endeavor.But Buddakan is unlike the others.  While their portions won't exactly remind anyone of Chinese takeouts, they are still sizable compared to restaurants of similar pedigree.  The decor is nice and intimate, but not so much as to overshadow the dining experience.  And the food is good.  I'm usually skeptical of these kinds of Americanized Asian places, but this place is the real deal.  Frog legs, Peking Duck...savory and authentic.
1) Food :  Rating 4 (above average)a. Tasting Menu was amazing. Bold favors and good portions. 2) Service: Rating 4 (above average)a. Overall good service. Waiting staff was attentive and courteous. 3) Overall Experience: Rating 4 (above average)a. Overall experience was great. Bold favors and great service. Would go back and would recommend to others.
Love the food,the service  the décor!
The food is really great here.Everything is great especially the dungess crab and lobster fried rice.P.S don't leave without having the crying chocilate.The best time to go is weekday if you choose to go on weekend make reservations.
Buddakan gets 5 stars from me hands down EVERYTIME.  Ok, so here is the deal.  First and foremost, if you do NOT make reservations then please do NOT complain about any type of dining experience here because if  you sat by the bar/lounge area then you did NOT have a dining experience here.Sometimes I crave Buddakan so much that I do not care to sit by the bar/lounge area and if you just want to pop in then that is most likely where you will be sitting at.Music - music programming and the level that they play it at within establishments is a HUGE thing for me.  Being in the music industry and an avid LOVER of music, I need music everywhere I go and Buddakan does not disappoint.  Kudos to whomever is picking their selections because not only do you get an extremely authentic feel from the music, but the music also matches the decor, the audience, the neighborhood, the prices, and the overall experience.Food - the food at Buddakan is to DIE for.  I will only review the items that I have had myself and eaten.  :::For Appetizers::: -  I normally order and LOVE the General Tso's dumplings!  These dumplings are HOTTTT so puncture a hole in them with your chopsticks and let some of the steam out before you actually bite into them or face the consequences! LOL no lie. I also ALWAYS order the Chili Rock Shrimp which is also to DIE for (for me) and extremely tasty.  It is an ABSOLUTE must try! :::For the Main Course::: - I normally order the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice which comes with a fried egg that I like to chop up into the rice and throw some soy sauce on. mmmmm I am now craving Buddakan and I am stuck in L.A. FML! LOLas an FYI I have had the Lobster Fried Rice and it is really good as well I just prefer the Chinese Sausage one. =) I also usually order the Charred Fillet of Beef which is always tasty and I get it medium rare. mmmmGlazed Alaskan Black Cod - SUPER YUM!Garlic Lobster - MMMMMShrimp  Lobster Chow Fun! YES!!!It depends on what my stomach feels like but it is always a choice between the Beef or the Cod for me!As a side dish one of my friends LOVES the Cauliflower Stir Fry which is also extremely good considering i don't like cauliflower!The drinks are always well made and tasty.  I have my own favorites!Decor - before I forget - chic, cool, and fun.  very trendy. seductive!!!
I suggested this place to my friends who were in town, mainly for the fact it was in Sex and the City! We called on a Saturday afternoon and were told the only reservation available was at midnight. We decided to show up at 8pm anyway and were able to find a table in their full service lounge. We each ordered a $12 cocktail, which were all delicious and had unique ingredients. Then we got 3 apps and shared. We had the Edamame Dumplings, Calamari salad, and Lobster spring rolls - all amazing!The decor was beautiful with tall ceilings and separate rooms. It seems like a good place for big groups because there was an entire room that was empty with special menus at each seat. Everyone there was friendly and welcoming. I didn't even spend as much money as I was expecting - they have several affordable items. I would love to go back when its not as busy and I can actually sit at a table in one of their dining rooms.
I suppose one eats here because of the atmosphere, not necessarily the food (who would pay $30 for beef and broccoli?). Drinks were well prepared, the service was good (and quick, despite their busy Saturday night crowd). Still, I can't shake that uncomfortable feeling I have after spending $75 on two cocktails, a small appetizer and a bowl of rice.
I love this place. A friend first introduced me to Buddakan when we were looking for a chill yet not too overcrowded place to go to on a Saturday night in the Meatpacking district. The decor has a polished Asian flair and tends to be very dark and cavernous. Even though the place is large, it emits a feeling of being underground or somewhere removed from the chaos of the city. The menu is great. I love the seafood shumai and the spring rolls. The music is typical Euro modern background music and the crowd is fairly trendy but definitely chill. There is usually always a place to sit in the bar area or you can dine in the main area. My favorite drink hands-down is the specialty drink Fate; a less sweet but really tasty rendition of a hybrid martini. Overall, I can't say one bad thing about this place as it is a true departure from the over-crowded vibe of most Meatpacking locations.
Awesome food and ambience! My husband and I , sometimes go for our date nights there.
The atmosphere was AMAZING, a must experience.  The people were wonderful.  The food ranged from good to exceptional.  We had a beef dish that was possibly the best dish I've ever eaten in my life.  I believe it was the filet because it came with a mustard sauce that transformed it from possibly the best beef I have eaten into a life experience for the taste buds.  Owen took great care of us!
it was beautiful inside but the food could have been a lot better everything had no seasoning or was extremely dry. go to tao downtown across the street
Great food and very attentive service.  Those edamame dumplings were as great as advertized.  Deliscious cocktails and killer dessert.  Only downside might have been the somewhat gristly meat in the lettuce cups.
Our reservation was for 8:30, but we didn't get seated until after 9, there was also no where to sit in the lounge.  After that, service and food were amazing.
I am a huge fan of this place.  The first time I came here was with my wife and one of her friends who was in town on a Saturday night.  We had no reservation but they were fantastic about getting us a table in the front.  The food was fantastic and our waitress was great - walked us through the whole menu.  A follow-up trip (with reservation this time) was equally outstanding.  Although it is trendy in style, it avoids the pretentiousness that is all too common in the Meatpacking District.
The food and service were excellent.  This was our first time here, and we really enjoyed it.  The seating in the main hall seems more desirable ...other seating areas were very cold.  The rock shrimp was great, actually all the food was great!
If you are into sophisticated, upscale restaurants, this is the place for you. The food, the service, the drinks were all amazing. Oh, and they have a bread pudding dessert to die forrr!
Beautiful space and ambience, great cocktails and EDAMAME DUMPLINGS WERE AMAZING. Everything else was just average. It's hard to really elevate Mapo tofu , lo mein, or fried vegetables. I expected more from the Chinese sausage fried rice but just tasted like regular fried rice. The steak was well-cooked and the mustard sauce was delicious. For dessert, the bread pudding was a hit and the green tea doughnuts were perfectly soft and warm! Wish there was more black sesame paste! Would go again just for the edamame dumplings....
This place has been on my list for a while, went here with a bunch of buddies after a car event.I suppose that my experience with this place was made that much more amazing because my friend that came with us comes here regularly and ordered our meal for us (family style.)It was a great time, the waitress was accomodating to our many many requests (I believe we had a group of 20-30 and I'm sure it's hard to serve that many efficiently.)Now here's the kick, being Chinese, I've never had Asian Fusion I enjoyed until I came here, the food was delicious, everything we got was great (albeit this can be because my friend ordered family style for us, but we did sample a lot of stuff, so I'm just going to go on the assumption that this place is just that awesome.)It's not going to be as good or as cheap as the hole in the wall cha-siu (roast pork) spot down in Chinatown, but this is NOT what it's meant to be. It pulls off exactly what it's supposed to be extremely well.I will definitely be returning here (and hopefully soon)
This place is fabulous. Went there for a dinner organized by a vendor, and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere (super swanky) food (super tasty) and friendly service. I would definitely go back here in a heartbeat if I wanted a nice romantic dinner with my wife, a meal to impress the family, or just a fun place for an evening business dinner.
Preface: Had a few cocktails before dinner. The fact that I fell down the stairs on my way to the bathroom should be an indicator that this may not be an accurate review of the food but there is no doubt that the atmosphere is great.Tuna Tartar spring roll: It was better than I expected. I'm not a spring roll person. However, it wasn't too doughy, not at all oily and it was perfectly crispy.Yellow tail yu sheng: I'm not an aggressive person, but I did fight for the last piece of yellow tail. I was either really hungry or it was really good.Dungeness crab sticky rice: Too spicy for me. Not just spicy where it makes your noise run, but the type that gets you coughing up a storm where everyone at the table is asking, "Are you ok?"Sugar snap peas: mehh. Tastes like the way they make it in real school chinese restaurants. Thought it'd be better.I think next time I dine here, I'll just order a bunch of appetizers.
Went here with a big group and got a bunch of apps to share - they were pretty good! My main meal with the black cod and it was amazing. Then for dessert, got a variety but the bread pudding one was out of this world. I'd go back for that alone. However, the food is a bit rich and can be a bit heavy on the stomach.
I always wanted to go to this restaurant when I lived in Philly but never had the opportunity. So I have to admit it was over hyped for me personally. I loved the food but found the setting a little overwhelming. But on the flip side, I was with my mom who loved both. So our combined score would remain a 5 star one.
Amazing restaurant.  Go with friends and order a bunch of plates of the dim sum menu to share.
This may have been my first real "fusion" experience.  Most fusion places offer Asian dishes with a European price tag.  Buddakan actually delivers an interesting twist to their dishes.We started with the Tuna Spring Roll which was tuna tartare in an eggroll crust.  It was my favorite appetizer.  Also had the Scallion Pancakes and Edamame Dumplings which were both good/ok.  I would recommend getting the Charred Filet of Beef and the lobster noodles.  The beef was a little dry, but very tender and flavorful.
I came here for dinner on Saturday expecting a fully mediocre meal in a glitzy and ridiculous restaurant.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food is.  The staff was a little annoying, but on the whole pleasant.  And once our server stopped talking down to me as if I had never eaten in public before (literally taking the menu from me and pointing out where the apetizers can be located), we warmed up to her.We got a bunch of small plates to share which worked out nicely for my friend and I:edamame dumplings (the texture is so soft and pillowy, outrageous), mixed mushroom chow fun (earthy, chewy, noodle goodness), hoisin glazed pork belly (a little tough, but good flavor), frog's legs (a little overcooked), chilled udon noodles (very good, mellow flavors, nice spice, but I didn't really understand the addition of the scoop of sorbet on top, it didn't really track with me), the chocolate ganache dessert (was a molten cake, not ganache at all and burned, but the jasmine ice cream was divine), and the donuts (average, they weren't as tender and soft as I wanted, but the dipping sauces were very good). On the whole, this place is beautiful, very sleek, totally over the top, but you do feel like an A lister walking down those stairs into the main dining room.  Perfect when you're in the mood for some unrestrained glitz and glamour.  Which, to be honest, I frequently am...
I wanted so much not to like this place. It's trendy, on the edge of the meatpacking, and as everyone has commented, in the rehearsal dinner scene of Sex and the City movie. I knew the atmosphere would be wonderful, but I wanted to be able to sit here and type this review saying "Sure the atmosphere is great, but the rest is overrated." Unfortunately when I break it down into atmosphere, service, food, and drinks, everything was a complete knockout and I can't help but give it 5 stars.This is swanky. It's NYC chic at its finest. If you want to dress up in your hot little outfit, and stare at people who are in equally hot little outfits, this is your place. The only thing that could've been better is if a couple of men in perfectly tailored suits came over and talked to us. And by talked to us, I mean if they bought us drinks. The drink menu was clearly tailored to my tastes. A cocktail with gin, elderflower, and prosecco? YES PLEASE! It's like they were prepared for my arrival. People have commented that the drinks are pricey, but honestly, $12 for a specialty cocktail is not absurd - it's the same price if not more anywhere in SF, and in NYC you should be prepared to spend $10 on a cocktail. Okay, I was so ready to knock the food, but honestly it was surprisingly delicious. The flavor of the edamame dumplings was subtle, light, and simply amazing. I was highly impressed. And the hoisin-glazed pork belly was...well everything pork belly should be...like ambrosia.Finally, the service was just great...we were joking with the waitress as soon as she came over, and she never left us waiting too long for our drinks. What more could I ask for?Don't let all the hype psych you out. This place has all the elements for a fabulous NYC dining experience.
In a nutshell, Buddakan is a restaurant that has good food and a better vibe. It's really more of an audiovisual than culinary experience, The food does not disappoint;  It just doesnt quite match the "oomph" of the architecture and interior design. Located conveniently next to Chelsea Market, Buddakan is a visual experience that is hard to describe. At first, it seems like you enter a hotel lobby, but once you make it past the bar, that's when you realize how large and stunning the place really is. Gorgeous chandeliers adorn the dining room that blends a medieval setting with industrial and oriental undertones. The rest of the space is really nice and functional too. The food was above good, but not great. I've personally had better Asian Fusion at Vong. However, there were some standouts. The Mongolian lamb chops and charred filet of beef were tender  perfectly cooked. The noodles were a bit greasy for my taste, but not bad. The Taro Puffs lollipops were just okay. Drinks, however, were very tasty. A lot of people complain about the service of Buddakan, but our waiter was really quick and efficient. The place does get ridiculously busy on the weekends, so I suggest going on a weekday to avoid the tourists and excessive BT crowd. Otherwise, it's the perfect place to take a date or hang out with friends before going out in the area. Buddakan reminds me a lot of Tao, both food and space wise. But, Buddakan gets the higher mark for the flash and overall experience. I just really hope it doesn't get too touristy, but it's inevitable as word of mouth continues to spread. Still worth checking out for sure.
Cool ambiance, good service, very nice food and not too overpriced. I had a great night.
I had made reservations for a surprise birthday dinner for my best friend and some of our close friends. We arrived with one person short and they told us that all parties must be present for us to be seated. So I said that person wasn't going to come. They sat us at a table where there were more than enough seats available. So when we our last guest arrived, he was good to go. The food came in little protions but it was really good. I don't even think it stayed on the table for more than about 10 seconds before we all shared it. The service was really good, I don't remember the name of our waiter, but it was a man. I whispered to him that it was her surprise birthday and if he could bring out something for her to blow out, reminding him that she is gluten free. He brought out some fancy ice cream and chocolate plate. It looked amazing. Overall I had a great experience there. 4 stars since she tried to make us wait, this is New York! People get stuck in traffic or on the subway.
Excellent food.Excellent decor and ambiance.but wow that place is massive.Definitely recommend it :)
Great place! Great ambiance! Great food- particularly liked the carrot dumplings and the vegetable rice with coconut curry foam. Its a great place to celebrate special occasions.  The specialty cocktails are a must try with special recommendations for the "haze" which is a delicious lychee drink  and the "fate" which has a nice fruity flavor! Service is good, although the place is super busy.Reservations are recommended well in advance.
I was a little weary of the Asian fusion, and such a trendy building, but the food and cocktails were a pleasant surprise.  Yes it's expensive, but the small plates are great to share.Loved: edamame dumplings, Szechuan crusted ribeye, ginger carrots, all of the cocktails. Overall great food and drinks, but I could do without the trendiness.
Came here for my birthday last month. I've only been to Buddakan in AC, so didn't really know what to expect since the menu is different. I was fiending for the edamame dumplings (though it is edamame ravioli in AC) and the crispy calamari salad. We ordered those two items for appetizers, Alaskan cod and rock shrimp for entrees. Needless to say the portions were tiny. Portions in AC are huge btw. We were very happy with the appetizers. They were close to AC, but AC does it better. In AC not only is the portion bigger, there's crispy calamari in almost every bite of salad. Here the calamari was only half crispy and scarce. I prefer the edamame ravioli over the dumplings. Nonetheless still good to feed the craving till I get back to AC. The entrees were good. My cod wasn't really special. Like the sea bass in AC way better. Dessert I got the crying chocolate, and fiancee got something with panna cotta. Both were great. Loved the jasmine ice cream. If you've never been to AC, this would be better. But AC really is better than here. Not to mention they do have lychee martini which is the best drink ever!
Everything about Buddakan deserves stars. The food is so amazing, you realize really quick why reservations are necessary to have dinner here pretty much any day of the week.
Lyndsi and I needed a night out. I go here every now and then, and she had never been.We got seated sooner than we were supposed to.Cod- amazing. Edamame dumplings- I could eat a hundred. Drinks were absolutely fantastic, as always. Good times Buddakan, never cease to amaze.
I've been here 3 or 4 times, but not recently (I think I was there about a year ago for a birthday). The food is always consistent, which is great because you don't have to worry about recommending something that turns out to be bad. The edamame dumplings are my absolute favorite thing on the menu. I also recommend the scallion pancakes, the chili rock shrimp, the roast duck, and the sweet and sour chicken. Their desserts change seasonally, but I remember during the summer they had some sort of dessert plate that included corn ice cream - sounds weird, but it was absolutely delicious!The only reason that this isn't getting a higher rating is because I think the food is way overpriced. It's tasty and all, but the portions aren't large, and you can easily blow $150 on dinner for 2. Another con is the clientele. Sure, it's a good restaurant and all, but I've always noticed a lot of BT in there - you can tell because they're WAY overdressed, way too loud, and tend to use the word "classy" too often. Just an observation.That being said, it's a solid restaurant with consistently good food, served in a gorgeous space.
Perfect service. Fantastic food. Very knowledgeable staff. Fabulous atmosphere. Get the edamame dumplings! Loving night, full of 'Charm'.
TOTALLY OVERPRICED chinese takeout!!!2 stars for decent service and nice lounge decor. the seating areas inside the restaurant isnt as nice as the lounge.
I've been here before, however it has been many years.  Unfortunately I am a very picky eater, which makes dining out difficult, however I did enjoy Buddakan.  My favorite things were the General Tso's chicken dumplings, and the rock chili shrimp (not sure if that's the exact name).  I also expected the staff to be somewhat snobby due to the fact that the restaurant is super trendy.  I was happy to find everyone was very friendly, attentive, and didn't have an attitude.   I'm giving this only 3 stars for the sole fact that there weren't a lot of options for a picky eater like me.
I have been to Buddakan a number of times over the past few years, regularly when I lived in the area, and I have never been disappointed with it.  Like many locals, I usually take people from out of town or head over when I am looking for a bit of a splurge.  The wow-factor of this place really is the combined theatrical quality of it all.  I completely agree with some other reviewers in that the menu reads like overpriced Chinese, but please stay, order, loosen that grip on your purse strings, and enjoy the delicious food, fun atmosphere, beautiful surroundings, and inventive cocktails.  Enjoy the experience as a whole!  Everything I have ordered at this restaurant has been delicious, from the edamame dumplings, glazed pork belly, tuna, to the salads, the wild mushroom chow fun (Sooooo beautifully earthy and flavorful), vegetable rice with coconut curry foam, kung pao monkfish... I could go on and on.  Nearly all of the cocktails are unique and special, stars in themselves.  This is not a weekly spot, and it probably would disappoint self-proclaimed hard-core NYC foodies (what doesn't?), but I urge you to make a reservation, choose the library or the Buddah room for you and your honey to have a special, intimate but exciting night out and enjoy the opulence of it all from your first cocktail to the last bite of dessert.
really liked this place.  good food, great decor. will return.  I recommend sitting in the main banquet hall at shared table or one near by.  it's the best room the place has to offer.will excitedly return .
Stopped by during a trip I took to New York. The outside looks like the entrance to a Rave. It didn't help that I was using Apple Maps either. Took a while to find. The environment was pretty formal. I wasn't dressed properly, and I got some stares for it. The food was excellent, I had the ginger crusted lamb as well as the coconut rice, and  sweet, spicy crab legs, as well as their chocolate desserts. It's been a while so the exact names have slipped my mind. I definitely recommend this place. Expect to pay upwards of $100 for two.
Looove this place!!!.. It's really uniquely decorated and really decadent. Each room is different. I love the luxurious oriental  feel of Buddhakan. The food is not expensive and phenomenal!.. Really enjoyed the dishes which are a nice change from Thai options for Asian. Had a great time at this restaurant.
What can I say? Buddakan is amazing.  I love the swanky, indulgent atmosphere, which comes refreshingly sans any degree of annoying pretentiousness.  I have been here twice now and I have adored everything I have ever tried.  My personal favorites are the tuna tartare spring rolls, the chili rock shrimp, and the lobster fried rice.  Bonus points for consistently fantastic service.
I have a mixed review on this place. Buddakan is gorgeous. Its just kind of expensive for the food. I did a prix-fixe menu with my friends. We basically tried everything but the one thing that stuck out was the edamame dumplings. Those were really good!! Other than that its a great place for a date and the staff are really great as well.
I'm no Sex and the City fan but I have heard for years how fun, delicious and scene-y Buddakan is. It's all true! Especially the scene-y part! (You'll also find tourists and groups who want to be a part of the scene!)Though the food was quite good it was not spectacular. The high points for me were definitely the chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet and the yellowtail appetizer as well as the peanut butter bomb dessert. However, where they definitely shined far beyond any other restaurant I've ever been to is the service. From the hostesses to the waiter to the busboys I have never experienced such attentive, professional and genuinely amazing service. Our waiter attended to our party of 7 with professionalism and he was a warm and funny guy as well. In addition, one of us is severely allergic to nuts (but not peanuts) and he went above and beyond necessity by checking every single dish with the kitchen to make sure which ones she could eat or not. When another table's noodles topped with cashews was placed before her (which she could not eat) the waiter apologized and assured her it was meant for someone else. Hers arrived momentarily. He even automatically checked all the desserts before she even asked as well. So, food: pretty good. Atmosphere: great. Service: outstanding. I'd go back. Make sure you're dressed to impress.
So I went to Buddakan with a group of 12 girls to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Since our party was over 10 people, the restaurant required a pre-fix menu.  Well, I must say that the food kept coming out and every dish was better than the last.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal.  The restaurant was super trendy and great for people watching.  All of the girls in my group raved about the food as well.  I will definitely be heading back here.
Edamame dumplings, filet with magic sauce, lobster rolls, delish!!  And on-street parking. Perfect.
Was here this past weekend for a friend's birthday.  Her friend was from out of town and my friend has only been living in the city for a few months, so we were looking for touristy "wow factor," which is right up Buddakan's alley.  Our group of 7 ate lots and lots of dishes.  I cannot remember them all.  Most were good, none were bad.  Appetizers seem better than the entrees.  I liked the edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls.
Outstanding food, went last week with some friends.  Had the Pepper Beef, veggie fried rice, dumplings, and mapo tofu.  Everything was excellent.  Drinks weren't watered down either :)
Speechless.  Absolutely speechless.  Won't be that great for you because you did not have my beautiful dining partner with you but you can always try!  :)
Such a great experience. Really a beautiful place and the food was delicious. I could not stop eating everything on the table. With it's Family Style menu you can't help but go from plate to plate continuously eating. Amazing staff, this is just a great place to go with a big group and just enjoy everyones company while eating flavorful food...
Great food, almost perfect..just missing that one special touch..tuna tartar spring rolls were out of this world.peking duck was great, but do not order that...We asked to have our second round drinks first and then our main course and the waitress assured us it would take time, but it took about 1 min and 30 seconds before our food arrived..had to drop a star because of thatGreat ambiance and service...will go back and try different items next time
Rank C-. Overpriced "modern/fusion" Chinese food. Trendy place (if that's worth anything) that has flourished after "Sex and the City." Place is full of douchebags and girls who think that they're hot. Jersey/Bridge 'n Tunnel crowd. The sugar snap peas, mao poe tofu (they spell it incorrectly), boneless spare ribs, tuna spring rolls (good), Singapore chili king crab (better at Fatty Crab - Malaysian style), hot  sour scallops are all decent. Better Chinese food at a fraction of the cost in Chinatown.
Worth going back to? Yes, I've been multiple times. Dish : Worth ordering again?Edamame Dumpling : YesCrispy Calamari : YesWok Fried Oysters  Foie Gras : YesSweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp : YesKung Pao Monkfish : YesLobster Fried Rice : YesAlmond Bread Pudding : Yes
Came here for my last birthday and had a blast!Food is excellent! Almost family style main courses made to be shared. I suggest this place to all my friends and they rave about it as well.Love the drink called "SMASHED" =)
Had a reservations for Saturday night 6/14. My whole party, 4 of us, showed up on time and checked in. The hostess told us to sit at the extremely busy bar and she would come find us. We sat for 30 minutes, past our reserved time and had no one come check in us and no waitress ever stopped by to ask us if we wanted a drink. . She told us that there were still 2 tables in front of us. During the 30 minutes we were sitting there we had seen multiple groups being sat who had showed up after us. My SO check back in with the hostess and she once again asked if we were all here, which we had told her before when we checked in. We were not happy with this so we choose to leave. Buddakan is loud, dark and pretentious. I felt like I was in Vegas at a club with people being there to be seen. I really wanted to like the place based on previous experiences at Starr Restaurant Le Diplomate in DC being superb.
I had no idea what to expect when my colleagues made reservations at Buddakan for a dinner with clients, but I think I had the best experience possible. First of all, I recommend going here with a good-sized group (5-10 people) so you can take advantage of the family-sized portions and experience a variety of dishes. I think I would have been disappointed if I went with only one or two other people. As for the food, the edamame dumplings are great and my dining companions raved about the short ribs, lobster spring rolls, and deviled tuna tartare. We sampled the whole Peking duck, chilled udon noodles, vegetable rice, spiced tofu with cashews and eggplant, and several beef dishes. Everything was really good, cooked perfectly, and plated beautifully. Leave room for dessert and if the spice cake is still on the menu, try it. It came with ice cream, a small piece of cake, and a delicately fried apple, I believe. Good wine and saki selection, too. Oh, and it's just as beautiful inside as everyone described. Be careful though - the dishes add up!!!
I thought I reviewed long time ago but I was not! I went there with one of my best friends and my husband early spring last year(2007). We were seated promptly to the table for four with bank seating on one side. I agree with most the space is gorgeous. The dining room downstairs wasn't noisy even as upstairs gotten busy and crowded for cocktails.The dinner can be as family style - meaning I could get to taste everyone's dishes. I easily get bored eating same dish even  if it is really good. We had Lobster Dumplings which I believe no longer in the menu was bland, Edamame Dumplings which the waiter highly recommended was excellent, Glazed Pork Belly was quite tasty but I like Okinawan pork belly that I was growing up eating. If I remember correctly, we also had Hamachi Tomato Salad as our last appetizer. I don't remember how that tasted like but it was very light. The entire portion is smaller so we ordered more so we did...Frog Legs, Spare Ribs and Hot and Sour Soup that is no longer in the menu and I don't miss it at all. For main dishes, Dry Aged NY Strip, Lamb Chops and some fish from the special. They were all good but not memorable. My husband decided he wanted to try all in the dessert menu so we did (none of drinks). I thought he was crazy but we pretty much finished all. They were good. My husband took a tab so I really don't know how much he paid for this dinner.
I didn't specifically made a dinner reservation because this was THE rehearsal dinner spot for Carrie and Big @ the Sex and The City movie.But as soon as I stepped out of the lounge and into the dining area, I was stunned.The sight was oh so familiar - the staircase leading into the basement dining room, the long table with four chandeliers and the high vaulted ceiling. Still I had doubts - not until another friend made the guess did I do what I do best: google and wiki the hell out of everything, and there, I found my answer.Even without the pizzazz, additional credential and instant recognition brought upon this place by the SATC movie, I still loved the experience. The restaurant represents everything about Manhattan: the tres-chic sophistication, good food (lobster fried rice, mildly spicy szechuan-crusted rib eye and glazed alaskan black cod, and then crying chocolate as finale) and drinks, beautiful people - everything that makes you feel a million dollar for a few hours. Something I would gladly pay for.
Admitted, I'm not a New Yorker--spoiled by all of the plenty that surrounds the city. But I was a bright-eyed graduate intern in the city for just three months, and I made it my business to try every restaurant I possible could (and 7 pounds later, you can see I meant business).Buddakan is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Yes, it's a little big and touristy, but the food is amazing! And the drinks are fantastic! We started off with a couple of fizzy fruity cocktails, with blueberries playfully floating on top. Next we went into appetizers--tuna tartar and sweet pea gyoza. The tuna was smooth and buttery, and the avocado had been picked at the peak of ripeness. And the gyoza--never had I imagined that putting peas inside of a potsticker would be delicious, but whoa! Next was entree--after those two hard-hitters I decided to go light with a tofu-veggie stir-fry. The tofu was lightly browned, smooth and yummy paired with the crisp flavorful vegetables. My boyfriend ordered the hot pot which was a savory blend of broth, seafood and vegetables.Then the big show--we innocently ordered the donuts, thinking we would get a small nibble to end the meal. No. Instead they bring us 5 piping hot sugary donuts, paired with homemade ice cream and delicious citrusy sauce. These donuts were one of the best desserts I have ever had--order them!
I went here with my girlfriend for her birthday dinner expecting a really top notch dinner at an expensive restaurant. The decor inside is incredibly nice and expansive. Waitstaff was quick and friendly.However...I was looking through the dishes and just saw what I've known as regular ass chinese food. We ordered frog legs, the full peking duck, and crab fried rice and they were just regular ass chinese food that I've eaten at places substantially cheaper AND better in Flushing and Chinatown. I'm not sure if I walked into this restaurant with the wrong mindset, or if I'm just a biased Chinese boy but I figured a restaurant expensive as this would have mindblowing renditions of what I saw as Chinese restaurant staples. However, I am not trying to discount this restaurant as bad, as the dishes themselves were in fact tasty but for the amount I payed, I could've gotten better food at a Flushing location for half the price and double the portion.
We asked someone to snap our picture at Buddakan and he told us, "Say One Percent!" It's true, this place makes you feel like a million dollars in the most disgustingly satisfying way! Very cool interior with large majestic chandeliers. Good service. Food comes in small plates...order lots to share with the table. There is also a more loungy space with a bar and house music. Sexy, suave, sophisticated...check it out!
Better Peking duck than in Beijing!  Hard to get a reservation.  We sit in the lounge which is OK.
Easily the best Chinese food I've ever eaten!  Hands down!Although this place is quite expensive, our party decided to bite the bullet and go for it.  The restaurant itself it quite chic and tastefully ornate, complete with ambient lighting and grand murals.  The service is impeccable, and our sharp, sociable waiter never missed a beat.As food is concerned, I'd call this place a "P. F. Chang's on Steroids."  The food - especially the Edamame Dumplings, a must-have - is of the utmost quality.  Every dish we ordered was a new and fresh sensation, and there wasn't one thing that our party did not like.  I highly recommend Buddakan.  Just be sure and make a reservation!
So typically Meatpacking. Interpret that as you will.
I highly recommend this restaurant! Delicious food and very romantic atmosphere. Expensive but worth every penny!
Do not leave without tasting the edemame dumplings and Mongolian lambchops. Also try the coconut vegetable fried rice.Santa Barbara and Chango, may this place never go out of style!
good food, good vegan options, ambience was nice, will definitely visit again.
Maybe I just had really high expectations. As an avid Top Chef watcher, I've been wanting to try this restaurant for ages (I was a big fan of Dale!). I was super excited when my friend scored a reservation for 7 people on a Sunday night. The restaurant itself is beautiful. We walked down the grand stairs, and were seated at the large communal table. Felt like kings and queens!The food, unfortunately, definitely disappointed:- Edamame Dumplings: Didn't expect the filling to be a mushy puree, but still pretty darn good- Deviled Tuna Tartare: Nice play on deviled eggs. I was pretty surprised when I bit into the tartare, expecting to taste avocado. Except it was egg whites covered in a green sauce. My friend found a tiny eggshell in his though...- Pork Belly Buns: Unfortunately I'm a pescetarian, but my friends all enjoyed this dish. Most agreed that Ippudo's are better- Miso Cod: Tender, melt in your mouth. Probably my favorite of the night- Monkfish: Recommended by the waiter. A definite NO. It was drenched in the oily kung pao sauce that you get with your Panda Express chicken. The sauce was so overpowering that I couldn't even taste the fish. - Lamb Chops: Didn't try this either, but some said this was the best lamb chops they've ever had!- Lobster Fried Rice: $19... for fried rice... with not much lobster... not worth it- Mushroom Chow Fun: Drenched in soy sauce... and the noodles were all stuck together! Definitely go to Chinatown for some real chow funsCocktails were okay. I got the Tranquility... couldn't taste any alcohol in it though.Maybe people come here more for the ambiance rather than the food. But if you're going to make me spend over $50 on very little food, the food better be good.
I went here with my girlfriends and it was so packed we couldn't get a table unless we wait for hours but we were lucky enough to find a space at the bar and shared the table with other nice people. We ordered the rocket shrimp some dumpling s edemame and other appetizer size meals and just shared it like family style.  I loved everything that we ordered. The cocktails are steep in price but this is new York so it is expected. Over all, I would go to this place again on a night of the time with my girlfriends.
let me start off by saying this was a very special evening for me and buddakan did an OUTSTANDING job for me . I went on a sunday evening which was birthday and one of the most imporant days in my life. I surprised my girlfriend by proposing to her on my birthday i thought it was the perfect time no woman would expect there boyfriend to ask there hand in marriage but what a perfect gift for any man. Michael the  Maitre-d understood how important this day was and in my opinion gave me the best seat in the house in the corner looking at the spectacular view of the banquet hall kudos to michael. Our waitress Erin O. was very knowledgeable and polite she even recommended the vegetable rice with a coconut foam It was absolutely delicious. Our appetizers were the edamame dumplings with is extremely creamy on the inside and bursting with wonderful flavors and im not even a fan of edamame and i loved them my lady loved them as well. The second appetizer was the hoisin glazed pork belly mmmmmmmmm!! there was a party in my mouth the fatty but charred pork belly was cooked perfectly layed in the steamed buns with the spicy shallots my god im going back just for this alone its that good. For our entrees i wanted to try the peking duck and it was my first time and it wont be my last amazing my lady had the beef with some type of pasta i forgot but delicious as well. what i loved was that every dish had its own personality too it and the flavors were not recycled over and over. our drinks we had was SAKE I LOVE SAKE . The ambience is like nothing I have ever seen the restaurant is pretty huge we were in hogswort as i like to call it the main banquet but there are 3 other different settings as well. Joel the manager did an excellent job bringing the ring out on the crying chocolate dessert my girlfriend had know clue what was going on i stood her up and got  on one knee and proposed she was in shock and said YES woohoo WE WERE GIVEN CHAMPAGNE AND DESSERT WAS TAKEN CARE OF BY BUDDAKAN again I love this place and highly highly recommend it perfect 10 on everything again thank you to Michael Erin o AND JOEL AND ALL THE STAFF FOR MAKING THIS DAY UNFORGETTABLE.
Just had dinner @ Buddakan!! Our last meal in NYC and our expectations were high . Service good ,wine pedestrian ( most people around us drank cocktails)Food production line ,this restaurant would struggle to survive in Melbourne Australia ( Longrain ,Chin Chin ,Flower Drum etc)Bottom line over rated .
We chose Buddakan with high expectations to impress some very special friends of ours that were in the city for a long weekend. Upon arriving, we were seated in a brightly lit room with no ambiance whatsoever.  We were moved quickly to an area with a bit more "atmosphere."  I will give credit where it is due - the staff was lovely and accomodating.Once we were seated at our new and improved table, I couldn't help but notice we were crammed in like sardines.  Once the table next to us sat, it truly felt as though we were dining with them.  At that point, the trouble of relocating was not worth it.  We just guzzled our cocktails and got on with enjoying ourselves.The food definitely redeemed Buddakan's reputation.  Can't miss appetizers:  Edemame dumplings in shallot-sauternes broth; Duck Spring Rolls with foie gras  passion fruit dip; Chili Rock Shrimp with toasted ginger and my favorite:  the amazing Scallion Pancakes with braised beef short rib and green apple.  Dinner:  Charred Filet of Beef with wonton crisps and mustard sauce;   Sweet  Sour Chicken with bell peppers, snow peas and tempura; Wild Mushroom Chow Fun with garlic chives and my favorite:  the Dungeness Crab Stick Rice, served in the crab shell with x.o. sauce and Chinese broccoli.Dessert:  You cannot miss the Crying Chocolate with malted white chocolate ganache (which "cried" out of the chocolate cake once you put your fork into it) and coffee ice cream.    The food was very good, it just didn't knock our socks off.  We left feeling as though we had gone to an overdone and trendy Chinese restaurant.  It was a decent dining experience, but I wouldn't rush back there.  Definitely good for a cocktail in an ecelctic and unique atmosphere.
Buddakan is one of my go to restaurants, especially when I'm with friends from out of town.  The place is enormous, cool layout  design, has a great bar scene, beautiful crowd, and great food.  Everything is served "family style", but the portions are relatively small.  This isn't like Carmine's, where an order of calamari could feed an army.  My advice is to try at least 4-5 apps, and 2 entrees for dinner.  Yes, it's a scene, and no longer the new hot spot it was a few years ago, but who cares?   Went last week with a group of six, and ordered the following:  Edamame DumplingsTuna Tartare Spring RollsBeef CupsSpare RibsScallion Pancake w/ Short RibsMiso CodSweet  Sour ShrimpBeef TenderloinThe sauce that comes with the beef is ridiculous.  I could pour it over pretty much anything, and it would immediately make it taste better. I'm not crazy about the deserts, but I happen to like the sorbet, which is unusual because I'm typically not a sorbet guy.
This place is wonderful!  when i have friends coming to nyc from another country on holiday or visiting, i usually take them here if their looking for a good looking place with good atmosphere because of the decor and ambiance of this place.  the food is surprisingly not pricey at all and quite good for asian fusion cuisine.  and if you order alcohol (other than beer), the drinks are surprisingly strong, a BIG +!  every meal i've had here was very good, i haven't had an unpleasant meal yet!the best section to be if you just want to lounge around with a couple of friends is either the gold room or the entrance lounge.  the best section to be if you have a large number of people or you want to eat the meals on the menu is the great room or the Buddha room.
We had a terrific meal at Buddakan tonight.  We took the recommendation from other yelpers and started off with the chili rock shrimp and edamame dumplings - the two paired well together - the shrimp were slightly spicy and so fresh.  Eating the edamame dumplings afterwards helped ease the heat.  I usually eat edamame out of the pods so this was a nice alternative - the edamame in the steamed dumplings were creamy yet so fresh...I haven't had anything quite like them before. For our meal, we had the pepper beef and broken chili chicken - both were tasty - the chicken was a whole breast sliced delicately with a Thai basil/pepper rub - another unique dish.  We also enjoyed the vegetable rice with  coconut curry foam - the foam is separated from the rice when presented - the curry is not overwhelming - this is an excellent accompaniment to the main dish.  The snap peas were also delicious.  I wasn't that crazy about my cocktail - reflection which included pineapple and rum - I thought it would be slightly sweeter than it was - it wasn't sweet.  My friend got the charm cocktail which includes passion fruit liqueur, berries, apples, and prosecco - that tasted better - the berries were the dominant flavor in that drink.  Service was great.  Atmosphere reminded me of Tao but a little less noisy and without the giant Buddha.
Great food. Good atmosphere and great for date night. Staff is friendly. Make sure you have a reservation otherwise you will be waiting or you might not get seated at all.
This was quite possibly the best meal I have ever had in my entire life.  My friend and I went here on Valentine's Day and the ONLY disappointing thing was that even though we had made reservations, we ended up having to wait 30 minutes...BUT it was totally worth it!  I had the drink called "Charm" which was GREAT but tasted a little like cough medicine.  For appetizers we had the General Tso's Dumplings which were SOOOO good and then we also had the Chili Rock Shrimp which was delicious (kinda like Bang Bang Shrimp from Bonefish Grill).  For dinner my friend ordered the Lamb Chops and I ordered the Kung Pao Monkfish.  I have never had a better entree in my entire life out of ALL the restaurants I have been to!  The fish was cooked perfectly, the amount of sauce was perfect, the amount of spice was perfect, there is just no other word besides perfect!!  We also ordered a side of the Twice Cooked Long Beans which we both polished off.  For dessert they had a special of a flourless chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream with an orange glaze.  I will be coming back to this restaurant every time I visit NYC!  And the fact that Carrie's rehearsal dinner from the Sex  the City movie was filmed here is just icing on top of the cake :)
Starters:-Edamame dumplings, yes! Filling is so creamy and smooth, exterior soft and delicate.-raw yellow tail.Drinks: "Fever" mezcal, jalapeno, pomegranetteDessert: Just pure gluttony. Not exactly the best thing ive had, but i really wanted the peanut BOMBE.
Though I'm the self-proclaimed hater of fusion food, I was really pleasantly surprised by my experience here.  I was here with a large group for my friend's bachelorette party.  They made us wait until the entire party arrived before we could sit, but they didn't threaten to give our seats away even though by the time we all arrived it was well past our reservation time.The service was good, except the waiter suggested we order waaayyy more food than we were comfortable with.  Good thing we ignored him.  We let everyone at the table order a dish, and it was more than enough for us...  We were all STUFFED at the end.  And at the end, the food and drinks only ran us $40 per person.  A complete steal!  I was expecting to pay at least $20 more.Favorites of mine included the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, short rib, and black cod.
The sexy room, the beautiful trendy space and the food will make you fall in love with Buddakan. Edamame dumplings...always order those. Pork buns, fried rice both lobster and vegetarian...amazing. The desserts are a workof art and with flavor profiles that surprise. The bar is a great place to start off your night and make reservations. A must!
I went here to celebrate my four year anniversary with my boyfriend and had a great time. If you ever come, definitely ask to be seated somewhere so that Andrew is your server. He was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! I'm newly vegan, and he saw to it that I still had a great experience given my dietary restrictions. I ordered a rice to go with my meal and a other server brought it out. Before I even noticed it had egg in it, Andrew took it back and gave me a new one. If that isn't attention to detail, I don't know what is....  I will definitely be visiting again!
For what it is, it's great (don't go in expecting authentic Asian cuisine). And as long as you keep that in mind, you'll have a great time.The good:- This place is huge, which is normally a minus, but it also means the wait will not be interminable (likely)- Beautiful decor- The food is quite tasty, and easy to share- Can easily accomodate vegetarians - Drinks are relatively interesting and good- Once you get your table, it's surprisingly intimate- Good place for groups- Good sesrviceThe bad:- A bit sceney- Definitely touristy
Went for dinner 1/1/12 HORRIBLE experience.  Upon entering took forever for hostess to even acknowledge you, even with there being 3 of them up there.  The restaurant was booked so had to sit in lounge where they offer full menu.  Service was HORRIBLE I have never had service like this before in NYC.  The waitress never even came to give us a menu took one off adjoining table.  Then she never even came to take order. I believe I gave my order to the manager who was walking around when I asked for a waitress to take my order.  When we finally got food it was mediocre best part of dinner was dessert the crying chocolate.  Don't believe the hype with this place. The ambiance is beautiful but for the price great service and food should come along with it.  If you go it's just to say you went.
My favorite NYC restaurant. My wife and went last Saturday, and had a great experience. Food and service were outstanding.
Exemplary service. Food was definitely not traditional. I ate mainly appetizers only because I wanted to try a wider sample of their menu.
Take a dash of Vegas, add a touch of the Hogwarts dining room, throw in a crowd of beautiful New Yorkers, plus - don't forget some great food, and you have Buddakan.Along with three friends, we had tasty edamame dumplings, tuna tartar egg rolls, black cod, kung pao monkfish, stir fried greens, and dungeness crab sticky rice. The dumplings, cod, and monkfish were standouts. The rest was good but nothing to write home about. Capped off with very good service, this was a pleasant meal. Save room for dessert and wander over to Chelsea Market for a cupcake.
This restaurant is very cool inside, but a little too dark!  The food is good- but it tastes a little manufactured and not authentic, like it was packaged, frozen and the re-heated.  Some unique items.  Very expensive.  Personally I'd rather go to a hole in the wall restaurant where i know the food is cooked from fresh ingredients.
Took a taxi there from Restaurant row. He dropped us off on 16th street and we looked across at the high doors and narrow entrance... and I was instantly hooked. You walk into a narrow hallway which opens up to the coatcheck/reservation checkin counter where they have an army of women attending to you. Walking up the stairs to the huge lounge area is just a taste of what is inside. We ate in the lounge cause like momos we did not make reservations well in advance but regardless we enjoyed it. So here goes....ServiceOur waitress Laurel was awesome. Very attentive, great smile, excellent attitude, and no pushy when taking our order (i.e. she gave us enough time to look over the menu). The bus boys are great as well... very non-intrusive when clearing your plates. Look and FeelThe place is massive and so eye catching. Its the kind of place you would expect to see in SATC (like TAO). The grandroom... is GRAND. And the smaller rooms just add to the whole of the place. The lighting is low but just enough to see your food and your friends. The place is loud but not enough to overwhelm your conversation. We already made reservations for Friday in 2 weeks in the big room :-)FoodEXCELLENT and they serve you quick! We got 5 apps (tuna tartar, lettuce in beef, pork lollipops, scallion pancakes, edamame dumplings) and 3 entrees (short ribs, black cod, chicken) one bowl of rice and 3 desserts (chocolate mille feuille with caramelized banana, another chocolate, and a pineapple one). DrinksThe drink selection was great... the wines, mixed... all of it was greatPriceAnd it all comes down to this. For 5 apps, 3 entrees, one side, 3 desserts, 8+ drinks = $299 (tax, no tip). An average of $75 per person. Not bad considering the food, service, and place. OverallLike I said, we are going back in 2 weeks. Its some of the best food we ave had in a while and worth the price. Make sure to call and reserve our table tonight and make sure you go in a group... its a lot more fun!
I love this place. They have a gorgeous bar area where you wait for your table and having a drink here is as much a part of the experience as the meal for me! I have been here for a couple of special occasions and it is a true dining experience. The food is pricey but they have great suggestions for sharing some different courses so it works out worth the money for really delicious and interesting food.
The reservationist who confirmed my reservation was slightly arrogant.  The reception was nice and we were seated right away.  However, we preferred a drink at the bar prior to dinner but was told we might lose our table (we arrived early).  I wasn't expecting much with the food but I was wrong - it was quite delicious and I would give them a 4.5 considering the size of the venue.  After our dinner, we went to the bar and had five glasses of champagne.  on my third glass, I noticed there was berry stuck to the inside of the flute and was disgusted.  HOWEVER, the dining room manager could see there was something wrong and immediately took care of the situation (5 stars to her).  I'll be back.
Ate here a WHILE ago but delish! LOVED the restaurant layout (very unique) and the ambience was dark and fit for a pre-going out dinner.This is a great place to order a few dishes and share w/ friends...and to impress lol
I admit that I am harsh towards asian restaurants. Budakkan offers typical asian fusion food. There are some bright spots, and great food, but the food is by no means good enough to justify the prices. Yes, I think it is overpriced. I'm not one to complain about the price, but I think that Buddakan charges the way it does because we allow it to. Sure the place is pretty, but the service is mediocre at best. We made reservations for 11:45 on a Friday, and we were sent to wait by the bar for 30 minutes before we were seated. We had the edemame dumplings, and I simply do not understand the love it gets here. Maybe my palate is not accustomed enough, but the texture and taste was weird. Salty with some sweetness and mushy covered by mushy served over sauce. We had the short ribs and fried rice, and they were both good enough. Would I go back, no. There are far better restaurants in NYC.
Love this place. I come here all the time. The food is out of this world. I've never had a bad experience. I wish it was close so I can go every night.
It's expensive Chinese food, but I like it. The place is gorgeous, especially the chandelier filled room that was in the Sex  the City movie. I have to eat in that room next time. And unlike typical Chinese food places, the service was excellent.We started off with the Edamame Dumplings, which we were told was the most popular appetizer. It was alright. It's creative and I like the use of truffle oil in it, but I thought it was a little dry. Next came the deconstructed pork belly buns. 5 pieces of pork to put into 5 piping hot buns. Garnish with spicy cabbage that's similar to what my grandmother makes at home. The meat was okay.  The hoisin glaze made them better. For my main entree, I had the King Crab Hot Pot. I was a bit worried that eating crab in front of my date would not be pretty, but the chefs were ahead of me on this one.  The crab legs were cut into smaller pieces and split in half so the meat could be easily pulled out. Phew. It's not really a hot pot of broth and stuff floating around. It's thicker like a stew. Nevertheless, it was very flavorful and had a nice kick to it.For dessert, we had the coconut custard cake. Skip this one. It didn't have enough coconut flavors to warrant it's name. There was a small custard cake, a fritter thing, and creamsicle ice cream. I didn't like the combination. It was too tart for a coconut dessert. I think our waiter noticed my distaste and explained that it was a new item. He also took it off our bill. Next time, I have to try the Peking Duck and the taro lollipops.
Trendy, beautiful and yummy. Great spot for drinks and apps or full dinner. Great staff and food.
for overall experience... AMAZING.Great service, great food, beautiful restaurantedamame dumplings, tuna spring rolls, chinese sausage rice with egg, sweet  sour chicken ... and the best of all... Crying Chocolate dessert!
What can I say about Buddakan that hasn't already been said?One of my closest girlfriends took me here for my birthday a little while back. I can honestly say that Buddakan was the first and only galvanizing dining experience I've ever had. I mean, literally, I was just anxious and excited to even be there. It's extremely trendy and can be viewed as a 'go-to-be-seen' type of place.Service was first-rate, food was splendid, décor was stunning and chic, and ambiance was top notch. This place is just fabulous all across the board.
I planned to start my Yelp with something like, "What can I say about this place that hasn't been said." Then I saw someone else had already said that.This place is a factory. Hostess check-in looked like the registration counter at a conference hotel.  Nevertheless, I liked everything about the place. From the low lit cool atmosphere to the surprisingly good food. Some factories get it right.
Great vibes and great food. Ambient lighting and the decor was very swank but it didn't feel pretentious at all. Each room would be a different vibe and style which was unique. We ordered chili rock shrimp for appetizers, charred filet of beef with wonton crisps  mustard sauce (my most favorite part of the entree! it was to die for) and sizzling short rib with mushroom chow fun  asian pear for entrees. I would definitely come back for some more filet of beef! (Sex  the City movie was filmed here too!)
Decor was very nice, service was great and all the dishes were definitely unique and had good flavors.
Thou must eat the edamame dumplings with truffle.  They were divine.  I want to go back just for those. The place was a bit dark and a bit noisy, but that's my only complaint.  Food was great, service was good and I recommend this if you are in th e meat-packing district.  OHH, I'm not from NYC, but would say this is a tad touristy because it's so popular.  So, if you aren't from NYC and visiting, this is a must.  :-)
I thought Buddakan was reasonably priced...The food is fantastic - I highly recommend "General Tsai's Dumplings". For a dumpling aficionado these are world class. The decor is great. The staff are a bit full of themselves. I'd rate the place higher if the staff would improve their people skills...
This place is really a B but the decor gives it a B+.Made reservations day of on a weekday for 10 pm for 4 people. Decided to get there early, just in case....And lo and behold i got  table at 9:30 pm!  Our waiter told us he had "been there from the beginning" and proceded to inform us we would need to order AT LEAST 3 dimsum dishes, 3 main courses, and a noodle and rice dish. Um, okay.... I'm not a pig....He was kind of snooty but whatever. Kind of to be expected considering...The food was a B. I'm Chinese and the food is hip Chinese if you will.... Definetly not authetic so don't expect that. It's a white people place. But the atmosphere is great and if you have someone willing to shell out for you then this is the place to go. Notables: the steak and chinese sausage fried rice
Went on A Friday night for a bday gathering decor asian contemporary feeling ,ambiance delightful very full of energy, service was awesome we arrived at 1020 and had 1045 reservations and we seated promptly , everything is served family style, so be prepared to share also the calamari salad was good and the roast pork pot sticks were a must have ,a great girlie drink is charmed , I don't remember what was in it but it was fruit and light, we had no room for dessert , but were served a complimentary dessert platter coconut ice-cream for the bday girl !!!! Will definitely be back for sure:)
I will never be back.  This place is very trendy and asthetically pleasing.  Those are the only positives and that is why I gave it the one star.  We went here on 9/11 around 7 pm for an early dinner before a concert.  Everyone at my office told me not to go here - that it was for tourists...but I didnt listen and went anyway.  The food was ehhh.  I could have gotten the same thing for much less at any chinese food place near my house.  It was totally unimaginative and average.  Plus it just felt like the whole place was trying too hard.  I will not be returning and I would suggest you skip it as well.
The decor is really beautiful, Buddakan is definitely worth checking out just because of it. Concerning the service, our waiter was friendly to a point, where his smile was - just a little - creepy... but he was very attentive and we were never left wanting for anything.First of all, the cocktails. We had to wait for our table, and ordered some drinks at the bar in the front, but as soon as they stood in front of us, and we wanted to take the first sip, somebody came to show us to our table. We then found out,  that you have to pay for everything you consume at the bar separately, before you move to your table, which made for kind of a rush, since the waitress was already standing next to us looking rather impatient. But the cocktails were excellent! Especially the 'Lush', made with sake, lychee, gin and rosemary...On to the food - I know that some really seem to like the edamame dumplings, but I can not relate... The first bite was ok, but after that I started feeling a little sick, and so did everybody else that tried them at our table. We just didn't like the consistency at all! But what can I say, there's no accounting for taste. I just wouldn't recommend these dumplings to anyone. The boneless spareribs were okay, and the short rib (an entree) was very good! I liked this dish the most out of everything I tried. I also sampled the peking duck, but didn't find that the flavors came together very well. And the much raved about Crying Chocolate dessert was... good. Probably not the best (but I'm picky about my chocolate!), but everybody at our table seemed to like it.So, I'd recommend Buddakan for the scene and the drinks, but not much else...
Went there on my Birthday. The most delicious spring rollsGreat spicy fish with jalapenos and corn (don't remember the kind, but my date had a cod and that was tasty too)Yummy warm chocolate cake, got a burning candle too!Washed down with some sake.Very pleasant ambienceAttentive service
Went here for my birthday and LOVEEDD ITTTT!!! Pricey, but worth it in my opinion. Their menu is very diverse and interesting, you probably will get certain dishes here and no where else. - The Edamame Dumplings- are amazing! But stay away from them if you dont like a salty taste. - The Steamed Sea Bass roll- is melt in your mouth good. -The Kung Pao Monkfish- almost taste like an thai dish with all the peanuts in it. My mouth waters now just by thinking about it...THE DESSERT. - At first when I looked at the dessert menu, I wasn't that impressed. But the family and I got different desserts anyway and were extremely impressed. -Crying Chocolate-  Mini chocolate lava cake with coffee icecream. Pretty good, but I wasn't too enthralled with the coffee icecream, too potent. - Chocolate Black Tea Semifreddo- Had the best presentation, but it's a freak of nature (there is no tea that comes with). Its salt, pepper, and some weird chocolate mound thing. The tastes do not blend well together. It an interesting dessert, but if your not up for an "adventure", don't get it.-Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe- Is and tastes exactly like it sounds. Its peanut butter icecream, like a giant liquefied Butterfinger.
I had my CNY dinner with my friends here. We like the food.  The service was good. The only thing that I am not a big fan is the lighting. It is a bit dark for a Chinese Asian Fusion restaurant.
Ended up here by accident on Christmas (admittedly because the wait for Redfarm was 2 hours) and it was the happiest accident ever. I try to avoid places like this (which I assumed to be more of a name drop than an actual dining experience). Everything was delicious. We ate mostly meat / rice dishes because one of my friends isn't a seafood fan. Nothing was remarkably better than the others however I thought the udon with lime sorbet and peanut sauce was interesting and great. I subtracted a star because the dessert (we got the warm chocolate ganache) was not good. At all. But I would definitely go back for seafood and a different dessert option.
Brought my boyfriend for his birthday. He was pleasantly surprised and very happy. The server was so helpful and super nice. We had so much food we barely ate the dessert. Absolutely LOVE this place.
I love everything about this place the decor the food the staff! The food was so good I thought I was on drugs... Every bite was better then the next!! I am soo impressed!! The dessert is amazing too!! You must check this place out!!
Really nice place, expensive ass drinks.. But the food is legit and the portions are pretty fair.. It wasn't one of those high end restaurants that charge you an arm and a leg and give you cat food sized portions in return.. I had the Calamari Salad to start my meal off (which was excellent) and my entree was the Grilled Pork Tenderloin which was great too.. If it wasn't for the birthday girl, we wouldn't have eaten at such an expensive place during my NY trip (the bill was over $400 for 8 people!) but I'm glad I got to experience some sort of NY fine dining on my trip nonetheless..
We were a party of five and had an absolutely fabulous experience here. I had previously been several times to the AC and Philly locations. The menu has some overlap but not all. My favorite is the crispy calamari salad. Though everything we had was so well prepared and flavorful. The ambience is amazing and being in NYC it's so much bigger and incredible. The cocktails were fab too. I had Fate. We happened to get a corner table in the large main chandelier room. I will request this in the future. There are other rooms as well but the main one is most impressive. The music added to the whole effect. Make reservations way ahead. This place fills up fast.
Ridiculously beautiful and decadent inside.  Greek/roman architecture and artsy.  Its a sexy place.  Stroll around to see and be seen and check out all of the restaurant and bar because you won't see another like it.  The food and drinks were great.  We the nicest waiter I've seen in a while serving us.  Try a ton of different things on their diverse menu and share among friends.   The prices were lofty, but if you want a great NYC experience, check this place out.  Don't miss their desserts.  Take up their staff recommendations and enjoy this fantastic experience.
This place is fabulous!I booked this place for dinner to impress the NYC-visiting fam and they were blown away by the ambiance. We had the best table in the house within the gorgeous dining room. (My only critque is that some of the appetizers came out after the entrees). The restaurant is a little pricey but it was expected, you're paying for the amazing ambiance. Nonetheless, I am coming back for sure!
This has to be my favourite restaurant in New York. We've been there at least 10 times and it truly is amazing. Best service in NY and the food is spectacular. Jeanette is the best staff member. Super friendly. Love it.
This was the first restaurant I dined at upon my arrival in NYC! It's where Carrie Bradshaw had her engagement party so it was more of a novelty than anything ... The decor is amazing! The bar at the front is dark and would b a great place to go on a date (maybe next time ;)) to start the night was a delicious cocktail we then ordered a degustation meal in hindsight it was to greedy as we could hardly move after it was finished. The desserts and cocktails was the highlight! Fried rice was a sell.
Buddakan is HUGE, dark (not in a weird way) and sexy! This is a great spot for a date or a night out with the girls. Reservations are a must any day of the week. The food is great and flavorful! I went out on a limb and even tried the Frog legs most recently! Please live a little and give it a try. I don't think you can go wrong with any dish here, thumbs up for Buddakan!
The Service and the food was great!The wait was only 5 minutes to be seated, so we grabbed a drink and chatted so we didn't mind. The atmosphere was a plus and the dim lighting made for a great evening.Recommend this place for sure.
I don't usually like to review places I haven't recently been to but this was memorable. Came here a few months ago for a birthday and it was damn good. They didn't seat us immediately...in fact we waited about 45 minutes even though we had a 10pm reservation...but we wanted the main dining room so we waited.Buddakan serves mostly traditional northern chinese food with a modern twist...but it's certainly not fusion. We were a party of 10 so we bascially ordered everything and shared. Everything was absolutely delicious except for the popcorn shrimp appetizer. I tink that's what it was called...it was basically fried shrimp poppers smothered in a reddish blah sauce...they were just uneventful. Edamame dumplings and pork buns were particularly good. I personally split the duck with my friend and it's the best duck I've had outside of China so far. Crispy skin (my fave) juicy meat...and all the accoutrements to roll it up in. Dessert was blah...got some yuzu lemon thing...ehhh. Prices are not too bad actually. There were 10 of us, we ordered 9 mains and 8 appetizers, 1 dessert a bottle of wine and 8 drinks...wound up paying $80 dollars between 9 people.Service was great. Packed on a friday night so make reservations if you want a real table otherwise they have low lounge tables for eating and drinking by the bar/lounge area. It's trendy but no fake Asian decor inside.Amazing experience. Can't wait to go back
I'm usually not a big fan of Asian fusion because most places have an identity crisis and are not capable of making dishes as good as their authentic counterparts, BUT I am a big fan of Buddakan.Let's start from the very beginning. I usually HATE waiting to get seated, but considering we got there early, the drinks were delicious, and the other patrons were all good looking, I didn't mind too much. Once I walked in, I was amazed at how large this restaurant was. It could pass as a club. We walked down the stairs to a very open area with a communal table. I guess that's cool if you're into that thing. We were seated in the back room, which I preferred much more.So onto the food. We got the most creative dishes on the menu since one of my friends told us that the more traditional dishes were not up to par with authentic restaurants (as per my original dislike for Asian fusion). Edamame dumplings - was not a fan. I like texture in my food, and this had NONE. I had my hopes up because people called it gyoza. FALSE. Gyoza has a crispy exterior. This did not. The dumpling was steamed and had a thick skin (also another reason why I did not like it). Tuna spring roll - The BEST dish by far. But be warned because they're tiny. It's basically a tube of crispy spring roll skin filled with spicy tuna tartare. I loved the crunch of the spring roll with the fresh tuna and a hint of spice.Chili rock shrimp - Good, but nothing special here. Just fried rock shrimp with a chili sauce. Lobster fried rice - Quite delicious! I even tasted a hint of kewpie mayonnaise, which I like to do at home. It sounds weird, but quite awesome when done right.Dungeness crab sticky rice - I liked this better than the lobster fried rice. It's like the traditional dim sum sticky rice that come in bamboo leaves, but with a spin. Lots of crab and the sticky rice is a bit harder. Great presentation too. The fried rice came in the shell of the crab. Short ribs - mediocre. The short ribs were very tender, but they were over-sauced/too salty. Small cubes of fresh pear provided a good balance to the heaviness of the dish and also gave it texture.Crying chocolate - nothing to write home about. I have a hard time remembering exactly what it even was...Chocolate peanut butter bombe - also had a lot more excitement for this dish than it ended up being. The ice cream was just meh. Overall two thumbs up from me! AND it didn't break the bank. Nice.
what a great place! amazing food and drink complemented by an amazing atmosphere and spot on service....Go with a group, order a bunch of apps and entrees to share but be sure to try the bread pudding!!! AMAZING!!!!
Good ambiance but for $200 I've had way better experiences at other awesome NYC restaurants. The food and drinks werent that memorable and we left hungry and sober.
Great food and ambiance. I recommend sitting at the bar for a couple drinks and then order the lobster spring rolls, sticky rice, and jumbo shrimp. Absolutely delicious!!
I'm not going to make this long and Drawn out, but My 2 girlfriends went to Buddakan for my friend Hilary's Birthday on Sunday night. We had the best time The food was absolutely delish. We shared our apps, Chili rock shrimp  scallops were amazing!!! I had the Hoisin pork...one word Yummy. Presentation of the food is terrific. It is such a great place for a laid back atmosphere. It's Modern and pleasing to the eye, but not  grandiose. The cocktails were great and the service was A+. I will be bringing people back again very soon!
Spent my 40th birthday here and loved it. We all did. Good ambience, great drinks, great food, great service. I'm writing this review late so I cannot recall all that we ordered. But I know we loved the braised short ribs, the lump crab sticky rice, the scallops, the crying chocolate. Everything we ordered we really liked or LOVED! They have a drink called Fate, it's soo good. I now recreate it at home. If you are a super foodie, it may not be the best food in the world, but still very good. And combined with everything else, I can't wait to go back.
Been here twice on two dates. First time I sat at the bar area and had drinks and appetizers, second time, had a full dinner. every dish I had was very good, drinks were strong and service was good. It gets pretty crowded, so would definitely suggest reservations, nice overall vibe and dining experience. Can't wait to go back.
The atmosphere is amazing, the food is "good"... but way way way overpriced.  I had to give the rating a 2 stars b/c you can get comparable food for 1/4 the price.Here's a list of what we had:=Appetizers=* Edamame dumplings - GREAT. the best thing we had.  very delicate, soft and creamy.  It had a very mild subtle flavor.  the broth they served it with was a perfect compliment.* Chili rock shrimp - OK. it was good but nothing special.  it was very well fried, not greasy.... and lathered with the mayo and sriracha sauce, the same sauce used in spicy tuna rolls, etc.=Entree=* Peking duck - GOOD. it was the whole duck, so i was expecting to eat just a bit of it and take most of it home... but the serving size was much smaller than I thought.  it is served with all of the bones and fat removed.  It had great flavor but the meat was a bit on the dry side and the skin was not crispy.  I prefer my duck fatty.* Lobster fried rice - GOOD. not greasy and tasty. the rice was a bit on the dry side which i like in fried rice.=Dessert=* Apple cider doughnuts - HORRIBLE.  the doughnuts were cold and dry and didn't taste that good.  But the creme fraiche ice cream it was served with was great.
Went here for a friend's birthday dinner and the ambiance had me at Hello!!! The decor is stunning. Now on to the food. Because it was a bday dinner, there was a prefixed menu but I loved what we had! The edamame dumplings and the chinese sausage fried rice were my favs out of the bunch! There was also this pork lomein that I didn't try because I don't eat pork but my friend raved about it!!! The drinks were great as well. I will def come back to try the rest of the menu. Very swanky place, great for sex and the city girls night out or a hot date!!!
Overhyped.This is a good place to take someone visiting NYC who wants to go to a sceney, impressive place.  It's huge.  It's cool.  It's filled with beautiful people and is decorated in impressive and enormous scale.But it's expensive.  The entrees range from the mid-twenties to thirties for SMALL entrees without any sides.  I ordered the spicy shrimp for $25, and was told I may want to order a side to go with that because ALL that came with the 5 shrimp on the place was a few sliced radishes.  So I changed my order to the sliced duck with noodles in broth.  Also about $25, but at least you can call it a meal.  It was good... but not really much better than the nearly same dish at Republic for half the price.She got the tofu with mixed vegetables, which looked good but not significantly different from your local Chinese food place's dish.We got veggie dumplings, and they were good and fine... but nothing special.  They were cute in that they sort of resembled red peppers (red dough with bits of scallion sticking out the top).  I liked that the veggies were coarsely chopped enough to still be recognizable.It's not bad, it's just overrated and overpriced.  NYC has many, many better places.
This place's interior design is absolutely amazing! I love the fun colors in such an industrial space! I actually used Buddakan as inspiration in designing an asian influenced fire place for a class I was taking. Such a cool concept.The wait staff is very nice, and helpful...explaining all items I didn't have a clue on. I love everything I've ordered...soups are excellent! Tried Dim-Sum for the first time here...although I cannot tell you what all came...as there was a lot of it....it was fabulous! The only thing out of the entire table of food I didn't like was the edemame paste...which I am sure is an aquired taste. Drinks are very original....I once had one called 'heat' which is similar to a margarita with chillied cucumbers that added an extra pop to the drink...they have since changed their menu options...but I wish they'd bring that back
I rang in my 23rd year of existence here with a big group of girlfriends. The restaurant was absolutely amazing when it came to dealing with my reservation situation. I originally started out with a group of 5. Then it turned to 4. Wait! Back up to 5! Then on the day of, it changed to 6. Wait scratch that, now 5. Hold on, now it's 7... Ahh I wanted to tear my hair out! I felt SO SO bad every time I called but the reservation girl was such an angel. Of course to make things worse a few people showed up late. No worries, Buddakan to the rescue! They still gave us a great table downstairs right past the main dining room (which is gorgeous by the way). I am kind of picky when it comes to Asian fusion but Buddakan is one of the better fusion places I've been to. For a group of 7 girls we ordered: edamame dumplings, tuna spring rolls, chili crab and crispy noodles, crap fried rice, sizzling short rib, and the glazed alaskan black cod. Not everyone was a fan of the edamame dumplings - the texture is a little weird. It's just one of those things you love or don't love. I happened to love it! The tuna spring rolls were NOT worth it. They are literally two 3 inch long spring rolls with spicy tuna in them. I loved the short rib (really flavorful) and the black cod. I feel like all that food we ordered was good for our group size. But  a few girls were left a tiny bit hungry. I think if we ordered one more main dish, then that would've been perfect.Of course a birthday is not a birthday unless someone from your dinner party whispers really loudly to the waiter "It's her birthday!!! Can you bring her a dessert?" The fried doughnuts we got were freakin tasty. Within about five minutes the plate was empty. I'm so glad I celebrated my birthday at Buddakan! Compared to all the other meat packing restaurants, I'd say Buddakan is the place to go hands down.
I went a few years ago and was mesmerized by the excellence of their Black Tea smoked chicken breast.I was definitely looking forward to it when we went, without reservation about a month ago. It was 6PM so the place was virtually empty.The dishes were nice but not over the top. The edamame dumplings were truly incredible but other than that I can't seem to remember exactly what we had. I just remember that my mother loved it, which garners Buddakan an extra star.For that price, I am not sure I will go back.
My daughter lives here and has been here several times so we went last night. Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable. Our food was simply delicious. We had the deviled tuna rolls, spicy spring rolls and general tso's dumplings. Hard to decide which was the best. We had Peking duck and the char beef fillets. So yummy. The duck skin was crispy and not greasy. The beef was generous portion and very tender. But the shining star was the sauce with the beef. Wow!! We usually don't get desert but we had the bread pudding and the dark chocolate with sour cherries yikes!! Both were so decadent and truly worth eating. A fabulous dinner and experience.
DELICIOUS! I'm always skeptical about Chinese fusion places (since I'm Taiwanese Chinese) that are overpriced with wanna be "Chinese" food, especially with a name like Buddakan. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find the dishes truly creative! The taro and minced pork lollipops were very cute and good. I enjoyed the butternut squash dumplings and the beef lettuce cups. The short rib scallion cakes were a bit too salty, as was the short rib entree. The lobster dish was pretty good, but I enjoyed the small plates the most. The decor is truly amazing. You walk in and see and bar and imagine the rest of the restaurant to look the same, sleek and modern. However, you hang a left and you see a dining room 30 feet below! It's huge downstairs! Minus the rude idiots seated next to us, Buddakan is a great special occasion dining spot!
First time at Buddakan. Very impressive decor...upon entering there is an enormous tapestry behind a reception desk to the right with 5 or 6 host/hostesses waiting to greet you. Why do they need so many people was the question running through my mind. We had a reservation and were seated quickly after being asked to wait at the bar. The place is dark and modern, with many nooks and crannies. The street level tables look down over a cavernous lower level with one of the largest tables I've ever seen surrounded by smaller dining tables. I image they must have communal seating at that large table but we sat on the upper level. Our waitress was very charming and accommodating. We had a diner with food allergies and she was eager to help us in any way she could. We ordered the edamame dumplings and general tso's dumplings for appetizers as we were told dishes come out as they are ready and are meant for sharing. The edamame dumplings were a standout with a creamy smooth filling. For entrees we had the charred filet of beef, Mongolian lamb chops, minced pork lo mein, shrimp and lobster chow fun and lobster fried rice. I thought the lo mein was ordinary but the other dishes were fabulous. The beef came with a side of garlic butter that everyone was fighting over!For dessert we tried the crying chocolate, almond bread pudding and sorbets. The bread pudding was the best of the three.
Awesome service. Great food!!! Worth the expense =)
This is a fantastic restaurant with an even better staff. Upon arriving we ran into a wait list. The host suggested the lounge area which was awesome. The atmosphere in the lounge is as creative and fun as the rest of the building. Our server, Sarah, was so wonderful! She gave us top notch service and really made our experience. We took her suggestion with some of the food choices, which did not disappoint! She was so attentive and made the evening fun. The manager, Timothy, made a point to come check on us and ensure we were having a good experience, which is always a plus. The food was absolutely incredible! Adequately priced considering location and quality. We were satisfied with 3 sharing plates and a salad (deviled tuna tartare, steamed seabass spring rolls, oxtail dumplings and peking duck salad). YUM! We will definitely return and ask for Sarah! Thank you guys
I'm a definite foodie and love a good meal.  Why I hadn't been to Buddakan before this escapes me, but I am so glad that I went.  I took my boyfriend for his birthday and made reservations on opentable.  The front desk greeted him with a "Happy Birthday" and I was very impressed.  We were seated exactly on time, and our waiter was extremely friendly (but not hovering or overbearing) and provided us with excellent menu advice.  The food was DELICIOUS.  Everything we ordered was tasty and the perfect portion size.  Even better is that I don't find it to be very expensive for a somewhat upscale restaurant.  When the check came, I was shocked it didn't cost more money! Boyfriend and I can't wait to go back- we have reservations again this Sunday and it will definitely be on our regular rotation!
The edamame dim sum ... omg yum!  There was not a single bad thing that we tried, everything was amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but I was particularly fond of the various dim sum. Highly recommend those.
Wonderful dinner, started with a cocktail called Charm...was outstanding and had the freshest berries.  We had both the General Tso's and Pork Dumplings.  General Tso's was outstanding, the pork dumplings were not have the same caliber but the hot chili sauce added a great kick.  We had the monkfish and filet entrees.  Both were outstanding.  The sauce with the filet was perfect and the filet was like butter.  The monkfish was flavorful, light and cooked to perfection.  Had the mushroom noodles on the side which were good but would not order again, would prefer to try the Lobster Fried Rice.  Great drink selection, they even had Grappa for my husband as his dessert choice!  Would go back in a heartbeat.
The place was great. The atmosphere was nice and extravagant yet homey. The food was great. Me and my girlfriend especially liked the pork buns. I can't wait to go back.
Great meal. Great ambiance. Exceptional waiter staff. Its pricey but its delicious. Pork belly appetizer was to die for, as was the tuna, and the chili rock shrimp. And save room for the crying chocolate cake. A great meal.
Great food as usual. Third time here so not as blown away as I was in the past but the food is still very great. Went with a group of 6 of us and some of the favorites were the Edamame Dumplings, Pork Belly, Chili Rock Shrimp and Sizzling Short Ribs.
The beef fillet with the butter and mustard sauce was incredible, so were the endemame dumplings. Ask to be seated in the main dining hall where the interior is pretty special.
Yes, it may be a little theme park-ish and a bit touristy and its got that hotel-like front desk.  But, the Asian inspired food kicks some serious butt.  Namely:  The beautifully artfully presented Vegetable DumplingsThe crazy delicious Boneless Spare RibsThe interesting Chilled Udon NoodlesThe sublime Charred Filet of BeefYum yum yum
Girlfriend and I went here on the weekend she visited. So you can tell I had high expectations for this place as I really needed it to be quite impressive.The moment we entered my gf was already smiling which gives this place a huge plus. We were quickly seated after waiting at a nice bar area for a few minutes.The ambiance of this place is great. A negative I noticed right away was that we were seated very very close to other groups of two to the point where it is easy to hear their conversation completely. I even saw some tables jumping into people's conversations to talk about the food. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing :)Anyway onto the important stuff the food.Appetizers:  Edamame Dumplings- although this was definitely unique I would say this is very overhyped and overrated. Im glad I tried it but would pass on ordering again. Very mushy   Chili Rock Shrimp- hands down best dish here. Very crispy and a great taste as well as great proportions. Felt like it was approaching entree proportions. The shrimp is coated in a nice spicy (mayo?) sauce that is amazing. If you don't like shrimp don't be afraid to try this dish you can't really taste the shrimp flavor youll just taste the delicious flavor.Entrees:   Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: this wasnt anything out if the ordinary but wasn't expecting it to be. Served with a sunny side up egg that is recommended to be mashed in with the rice.Mongolian Lamb Chops: Very tender meat with a interesting coating on the side. A sweet yet sharp taste for the coating. Costing sometimes overwhelming but dish good overall.    Charted Filet Of Beef: This was my gf's favorite dish. The beef was insanely tender and the sauce was just as amazing. I'm unsure what was in the sauce but I'm sure there was some butter which makes the world a tastier place :) definitely get this dish you won't regret it. Never tasted beef as tender as this.Desert:   Crying Chocolate: This dish first of all is very atheistically pleasing. It comes with jasmine ice cream and a chocolate lava cake type desert. I could not stop eating this dish despite how many times I told my gf to just finish it and that I was done.Our server was very attentive and always dropped by to make sure everything was going great. As well there were other people around to make sure things were attended to if necessary.Overall this is a great place to go and will definitely impress your date. It is definitely also a great place to go with just your friends as the food is top notch. I just wish I didn't eat that Rocky road ice cream beforehand :( definitely come ready to eat as it is a lot of tasty food so you'll definitely want to eat as much as possible.(also ordering 4 orders of chili rock shrimp wouldnt be that bad of an idea :} )
Boyfriend and I came here a few nights ago for a early dinner. We were seated promptly and the waitor was extremely curteous to us. I liked the decorations and the ambiance inside- very dark and pretty and elegant. The only complaint though is the food. We started off with the lobster eggrolls and frog leg meat for appetizers. The lobster eggrolls was okay-nothing special. The frog meat was pretty good but the portion was so small. For entrees- we had the sichuan rib-eye, which was so not sichuan style at all. It was kind of burnt, and dry. We also had the cod which was much better, but the portion again was really small. We also ordered a side of cauliflower- which was porbably the best part of the meal. It was fried with spicy meat sauce. We liked this the best. Also, not all food arrives at the same time. So this is the place to go to share food since not your entrees all arrive at the same time. I wish the waitor told us this beforehand so that we didn't wait for our other food to arrive to start eating. Would probably come back here more for drinks but not for food- I heared the night scene here is pretty good.
This restaurant is impressive and the big draw for tourists seems to be that a portion of the "Sex In The City" movie was filmed here.  With that said, it was annoying to be seated in a pretty dark atmosphere and have tourists constantly taking pictures and the flash blinding you.  We managed to enjoy our food, since it was well prepared and delicious.  The drinks were great.  A nice place if you don't mind the tourists and their inability to be considerate to other diners.  I would definitely say that Buddakan in Philadelphia is better than the one in New York, but our meal was good and it's a good place for Asian cuisine.
This restaurant has great ambiance for a date and the servers were attentive, but the food was only okay.
So trendy! Perfect place for a birthday party with a small group (4-6) in a posh ambiance. The edamame purée dumplings are delicious. Must have!Warning: not a lot of food. $65 per head with a bottle of sake.
Amazing food, well designed, and always a good spot at anytime. Place is a bit pricey but you you get what you pay for. Gets too dark sometimes in there and you can't see the menu depending on where you are seated. Music is good, drinks are solid... you want the miso glazed salmon (or tuna?) can't remember.... you'll still be hungry.. but give this a shot.
Buddakhan! This was the choice for a friend's birthday dinner and I must say this place has quite the decor! It is dimly light throughout and has 2 levels. My dinner party was down the steps..(scary when there is a rain storm that you just came in from  you have on 5 inch pumps  a mini on lol..kinda scary imagining that tumble) anyhoo. We were seated at the long table in the middle of the restaurant where other parties can sit next to you. I ordered the Jade Shrimp Dumplings for starters based off of past reviews and they were really really good! Very light and fresh. For my entree I had the  Charred Filet of Beef..that came with wonton crisps and an amazzzzzing mustard sauce. The only thing is that I wish the meal was accompanied with rice..which is separate. I shared with one of my friends his Lobster fried rice..SO GOOD!!Overall the experience was great..great service. I will definitely be back.
I have no complaints about the food. Everything was so good. From the sexy cool decor to top-notch service.Each menu item is very unique and is a twist on asian food. It is elegantly presented.Highly recommend this restaurant. I would gladly go there again and again, if I had lots of money.
I've always loved this place.....great decor and vibe. Cocktails are fantastic and the food is good. A great night out with the girls or date night place.
Awesome food. Nice and huge restaurant. Nice waiter. I had the spring rolls - yum! Will go back!
Came here for my boyfriend's birthday last Friday night at 6:15 PM. I had been to the Philadelphia location, but only with clients - everything I had had there was good. The Oysters with Foie Gras were very good, but the Pork Belly Steamed Buns were amazing. I had the Mongolian Lamb Chops with the Crystallized Ginger crust- I was not expecting the flavour combination and it worked. My partner got the Glazed Black Cod, and he said it was one of the best fish dishes he's ever had. To drink I had the Haze which was a little heavy on the lychee; then I had the Solid, which was nicely balanced with bourbon and ginger. Good atmosphere in the downstairs dining room in the back, though it seemed other areas could get louder.They surprised him with a birthday dessert and we still made our 8 PM curtain. Nice!
I am breaking up with you B, sorry to do over yelp, but instead of sophistication and finesse, the aging makes you less appetizing and slower. I have been kind to you in the last 5 years, so hopefully there is no regrets on your part as well...I have been coming here probably monthly for the last several years, it was my fav place for b-day parties, first dates, valentines, and client entertainment. Food was getting more mediocre and service was getting worse, but I had so many good memories that I just couldn't quite let B go. Until yesterday... the food was so bad (soggy lobster rice, salty crab rice, overfryed duck rolls, tasteless seabass) and service was so reprehensible (40 min wait for a table, had to keep asking for updates, no apologies, waited 30 min for some appetizers with no explanations, had to ask repeatedly for water refills) for an establishments in B's price range that I must call it off.B, you still have several years in you to charm tourists and BTs, but I have to move on something better, hugs
If you're from Queens or Jersey, GO HERE!If only to keep you from intruding on the rest of the city.I'm kidding (ok I'm not), but seriously, the biggest issue with Buddakan is the crowd and location. The food is decent, if unoriginal and lacking any real creative inspiration. The main dining room is of course spectacular, but unfortunately it's all spoiled by the nightclub vibe and mediocre service stemming from it. Because of it's prime douchebag-centric location in the Meatpacking district, here you can find a mix of investment bankers trying desperately to appear cool as well as wide-eyed tourists and bridge-and-tunnel freakshows seeking a 'New York' experience. It all combines to form something less than desirable in a culinary outing.It may be a decent choice for a quick after-work meal or drinks, but I'll be skipping it for anything more than that.
It was my birthday and anniversary and me and my boyfriend decided to go somewhere special. I am so glad we went here.We were seated in the main dining room, the ambiance was beautiful. We ordered a couple of things, but I really enjoyed the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Filet of Beef, and Crying Chocolate Cake. These are definitely a must on my list for when I come back.Service was great, we liked the waiter. The food came quick. We got treated to a complimentary glass of champagne and they decorated our plate with 'Happy Birthday' and 'Happy Anniversary' (How awesome is that?) We left a very nice tip :) Overall, amazing experience. Thank you Buddakan!
What a great restaurant! i went with my wife's family as well as my 15 month old son and we all had a great time! I'm a bid DIM SUM fan and Buddakan gets very creative with theirs. try the Edamame DIM SUM, and the its fantastic! Next time I'm in NYC i will def. go back!
This place was 3 blocks from where we were staying in Manhattan for 2 weeks. We never went there except on our last day.We didn't eat dinner there cause reservations were for 11pm, but we got to sit in the lounge area, have a glass of wine and eat the AMAZING edamame dumplings (with truffle oil). YUM!The dining area is huge... specially the basement community table with the huge chandelier. The music wasn't too loud and it was easy to have a conversation.
Buddakan is my favorite restaurant in NYC! The food and service are always top notch.  This place is quintessential NYC - I love the hotel lobby style check-in.  This place is definitely worth a visit if you are in the mood for Chinese/Asian fusion and perfect for a light dinner before going out.  It is on the pricier side but worth every penny IMO!
Coming here was an exciting prospect. I had been invited to a tasting dinner by a chef. Not only would I get to sample a trendy Meatpacking hot spot, but in the company of the people who are so talented at bringing food to that extra degree of taste we normal cooks aspire to go to. The short story: mixed bag, most dishes disappointing apart from a few highlights. The good: edamame dumplings are ridiculously yummy. After a night of drinking, I could mow through a plateful of those and forget any social obligation to share. Equally yummy were a pork belly bun, bok choy-wrapped sea bass, and crab fried rice. (My fellow diners also liked a tuna tartare spring roll and soup dumpling.)The marginal: a glazed beef ribeye, and a crispy chili chicken. While the beef was finely prepared, the sauce seemed to have too much hoisin. And the chicken was good, but seemed like an ordinary dish for Buddakan to serve. The no--thanks: a fried croquet that wasn't potato, but turnip. Another dish of pork belly was dry. Dessert was ginger flan (?), a combination I hope to never eat again. Sorbets were not that awesome; while not poor, I was surprised this was what Buddakan was serving. Though there were loads of criticisms made around me, I'm inclined to look at my experience kindly regardless. There are some good eats to be found here at Buddakan, simple things that remind me of trips to Hong Kong and creativity that works well when it does (I still want edamame dumplings). And, the service is impeccable. But, I'm just as content going to a cart for the same pleasures, and don't feel I need to spend a lot of money. Were it not for the fact that I got to hang out with chefs, I would be bitter over the amount I paid for dinner. (But, I'm still mildly annoyed at getting stuck paying for other people's cocktails. Feh.)
We had to reserve our table 3 weeks in advance but the experience was as expected. Need to say more? It's fantastic, from the decoration to the atmosphere, drinks,  food. The food was served in small portions but it worth every penny you spend. We liked the elevation cocktails, pork dumplings, lo mein, lamb chop.
My Bestie and I went here with a another girlfriend for her birthday.  We didn't have a reservation, but had no trouble getting in.  The place is very beautiful. We ordered a few different dishes and shared.  The drinks were great and the food was really good. The waitress was very friendly and gave up tips for her favorite and/or the most popular dishes.
Good food, excellent decor. Our server downstairs by the bar had massive attitude. He said to every table that been working for 9 years and knows his stuff. Would not admit his fault in conveying wrong menu. Completely ignorant while customer is speaking to him. Walks away making a remark. Maybe he had his sense of humour. But did not work for us. Food was good though.
Great experience tonight for dinner.  We arrived and we were able to check our coats at the door with friendly prompt service.  We waited about two minutes in the lounge to be seated for our reservation.  The best thing about his place is the space- it is huge and nicely decorated!  It is large enough and uniquely laid out so that you can still have an intimate quite dinner.  There is constantly a worker nearby to assist with whatever you may need.  I didn't love my drink - it was some cocktail with berries apples and passion fruit liqueur- which tasted like cough syrup.  All of the food I tasted was good.  I was not blown away, but everything was good.  I will go back- mainly for the atmosphere and service.
how i have not reviewed this place after living in NYC for the past 4 years is beyond me...but i went last Tuesday and as per usual, it did not disappoint. if you follow my instructions you will be a buddakan lover like me. if you stray to far, you may think its just ok. the appetizers are the stars herelisten carefully-it doesn't matter if you are with 2, 4, 6 or 10 people. just order accordingly ( id say 1 of each dish for every 2-4 people) and you will leave happy. promise. edamame dumplingstuna tarter spring rollscantonese spring rollsboneless spare ribsjade shrimp dumplingshoisin glazed porkbelly bunssizziling short ribglazed black codlobster fried ricebread pudding dessert. someone follow my instructions and let me know what you think. also, this meal is best with one of their delicious bottles of sake. we opted for cold-and you should too. have a buddha-ful day :)
GORGEOUS place!  and beautifully-presented food.  -but-after waiting 45 min for our reservation (why make one then?), we were seated and had our beautiful meal- good service.  The menu looked amazing, but the appetizer, three dishes, and dessert  we had were extremely ordinary-tasting.  (Wasn't BAD, but wasn't exactly very tasty or well-prepared for the prices paid.)  The noodles were overcooked, and fried rice soggy (I think this happens when the oil temp isn't high enough).  Two dishes came out lukewarm/cold, ten minutes ahead of the third dish.  (Shouldn't all entrees come out together, unless otherwise requested?)  Then we sent the two back for fresh dishes, only to find "new" ones STILL lukewarm/cold.  (Did they just stick it under a heat lamp and wait 10 min???)   REALLY quite disappointing to me, since one would expect that w such decor and flowery description of menu items and superb presentation, that the food wouldn't taste so ordinary, especially for the price.Not to mention (again) the bad timing and cold food.  Oh, and they forgot the "birthday surprise", which was confirmed twice.  Oh, and THEN the 45-min wait WITH reservation on a weeknight.I suppose if you're not bothered by the temperature/taste of the food, and you just want to be in a gorgeous place w gorgeous everything, this is the place.  (I really want to like it here!!!  I originally thought I'd rate this a 3-star "OK" until I read this over.)  Maybe a place for just drinks, then, if you don't get munchies?  HOW disappointing.  :(UPDATE (worse):apparently we complained via next-day-phone-call to the manager, who agreed, apologized, and said she'd talk to the "head manager" and call us back the next morning.  That was three days ago.  (I really should go down another star after this, but enough said, I'm sad enough as it is...)
Aesthetically pleasing would be the way to describe Buddakan. Upon entrance of the restaurant, you already see swanky large doors and a dark interior setting. Buddakan is spacious- it has a dining hall downstairs and everything in it screams New York panache. The bar has awkward minimalistic stools that can hurt your butt, but don't fear fellow yelpers! The fabulous bartenders will make you an out of this world great drink called Fate. It's a delicious drink with three components- elderflower, pineapple juice, and prosecco. This bubbly and sparkly drink oozes with yumminess. It actually might be my favorite drink ..for now that is!The food here is definitely worth trying. Lobster fried rice had big chunks of juicy lobster and the rice was lightly fried. Wok fried tofu with broccoli was another hit. Slivers of garlic tainted the broccoli and tofu in just the right amounts and touches of seared tofu had our taste buds tantalized. It is definitely East meets West.One weird thing I wanted to share is that when I went to the restrooms upstairs, I was a bit confused and creeped out. There is a portrait of a 17th century Frenchman.  Aren't we in an Asian fused restaurant? AND I'm trying to use the restroom, his creepy eyes were not cool.
Think this might be one of the few restaurants out there that is actually better than the original. To be clear, I actually love the Buddakan in Philadlphia (not so much the one in AC...), but the one in NYC inches out ahead. The space is the first thing that's noticeably different. While they both have similar decors, the NYC one is just a lot bigger and there are actually separate areas (versus having the entire experience be in one room). Even as a large party, we were able to secure a location that was relatively quiet without renting a private room - pretty sure you can't pull that off in the Philadelphia counterpart. The NYC menu also has a lot more choices than the one in Philly. Think we actually ordered all of the hot appetizers, and they were all strong to quite strong. The favorites of the table were the lollipops, edamame dumplings and the tuna tartar springroll. Consensus was that the appetizers were a better value than many of the entrees, so we would advise ordering more appetizers you would at a typical restaurant and maybe just splitting an entree or two. I can't comment on price since it was on the corporate card, but the prices seemed fair for the quality, location and service. I'd recommend this place for large group outings celebrating special occasions.
My boyfriend and I decided to check out Buddakan one night when we were seeing a show in the city. We are both HUGE fans of all varieties of Asian food and fusion, so this seemed right up our ally. We like trying new things, so we asked the waiter for his recommendations. Every suggestion that he made was perfect. The best bite of the night was the pork-belly dim-sum, which is served with steamed buns. It was INCREDIBLE. We ordered two appetizers, two entrees and rice to share. We completely over-ordered. The prices are up there, but if you are careful not to order too much (as we did) the bill is completely manageable for the experience you will have.The house cocktails are pretty delicious too ::wink::
While visiting NY on business I had to check out Buddakan. I had been there previously during the day when I visited with a tour of the location. We had reservations at 10pm and we had three in our party. The scene and vibe of Buddakan is amazing. It's a little loud but it's all about the food so who cares its loud.We were seated in the Red Chinese room at the back. Our service was top notch and our server was so very attentive. We began with the appetizer combo and we were impressed from the point the food was set down on our table. One taste after another topped the next and built on flavors. My favorite has to be the tuna tartar spring rolls. I could have had several of those instead of one. It was great being in a group because we were able to try a lot of different things. Our group selected the Soft Shell crab, Pork, and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod. The Cod was amazing and was the best cooked fish I have had. I love the raw stuff. The sides we chose to share Lobster fried rice (over-rated) did not have a lot of lobster and what was there was overcooked. The charred asparagus was just okay will have to try something different next time.We selected 3 desserts and they were all yummy at the end of meal. I am excited to go back and try more entrees. See you there on my Birthday!!
AWFUL!!!!!Tourist trap. They claim it's "familiy style". It is NOT! Family style is not 3 little lamb chops, 1 small piece of cod, medium bowl of lobster chowfun, 7 little pieces of pork. Plus, my pork came out 15 minutes after everyone else's because it "takes longer to cook and it's family style". STOP WITH THE FAMILY STYLE BS! The Crispy Pork was soggy and chewy. The lamb chops were dry and flavorless, the cod was bland, the lobster chowfun was good. The drinks were weak because they are "measured". I've never heard so many excuses in my life.TOURIST TRAP(You'd be better off at PF Chang's - so sad)
Excellent place! Not terribly pricy and the food is spectacular. Great service presentation and ambiance. Overall a great place to eat!
My girlfriend and I had a great experience here. We in NY for fun around her birthday and celebrated at this hot spot. Everything we ordered was amazing and so flavourful. Our waiter (sadly can't remember his name) made the evening even better! He told us he's been there since their opening days, very informative about menu from apps to drinks. He was a doll!
the food was delicious, loved the ambiance, and the service was perfect... I was visiting nyc, it was a wednesday night and was packed, I def will recommend that restaurant!!
The food here was great!  Service was better than the food.  Our only reason for not giving 5 stars is that they sat us at this LONG table and we were elbow to elbow with people that were not in our party of 5.  We asked to move and they couldn't accommodate us.  When we called for a reservation, that should be one of the questions they ask, I mean for the $$$ we should at least get our own table!
This place was awesome. I loved how it looked on the inside. From the outside you don't expect it to look so chic and modern. Loved the decoration. But the foid and service was exceptional. The lobste fried rice , greens, basil chicken, egg rolls, noodles..every thing was served promptly and was delicious. Very impressed.
I find a lot of Manhattan restaurants more interested in a trendy atmosphere than good food.  (I'm talking about you, Butter, Kitty Chai, Susha Samba.)  Buddakan combines both.  The atmosphere is very cool.  Very Hogwarts-y, and plus, for Sex and the City fanatics (ahem: me!), this was where Big and Carrie had their engagement party.  Needless to say, it's a great date place and also a great place to hang out with your girlfriends. Food-wise, I think the appetizeres really steal the show here.  Love the taro lollipops, the tartare eggrolls are prob. my faves.  The entrees are good too, but nothing too special.  I still order them because the appetizers and entres are roughly the same prize, and the entres (esp. the noodles/rice dishes) are much more filling.
I have eaten at this restaurant many times over the years since it opened, it has been one of my favorite go spots for birthdays and special occasions.  This past Saturday was one such evening (my boyfriends 50th). I was very disappointed, because I was late making the reservation we had to arrive at 5:15, no problem as it was going to be a long night. The people at the front desk were pleasant ant inviting.  We we're escorted downstairs through a mostly empty restaurant and led to a table "cluster" which would have afforded us and our neighbors very little privacy.  We asked to be seated at a more private table and after waiting several minutes we were eventually accomdated.  Once seated our server who had the personality of a dumpling eventually and reluctantly took our drink order only after stating that she would prefer to go away and come back when we knew what we wanted! Wth! Perhaps she had an earlier dental appointment which left her numb and unable to smile, I'm not sure we did everything but tickle her, nada.  The drinks were weak and when asked to refresh we were told that the pours were measured and if we wanted we could pay for an addl shot. The food came quick and the portions were much smaller than I remembered especially since it's family style and we were expected to share. We finished our meal left a generous tip and went across the street to Tao for drinks and appetizers.  I'm done.
For the prices, the location, and everything else - i think we could've gotten better.  I don't live in the city so we made a trip in just for this - I think we could've done better locally.
The ambience was trying too hard to be hip and it didn't work.  The food was ok but not worth the money.  A disappointment overall.
Impressive space, and a great cocktail (the tranquility - citrus vodka infused with lemongrass and oolong tea).Spectacular food.  The steamed red snapper with lotus blossoms is absolutely divine.So why two stars?  Because, "Meh, I've experienced better."Host staff:  Disorganized.  I was with a party of 8 - all of them had arrived, but when they took me to our table (in a lovely location downstairs), no one was there, so the hostess escorted me back up to the bar and left me there.  My friends were seated 25 feet away, but I couldn't see them because it was so dark (and my eyesight is still very good, mind you).  Then, when we were told the staff was ready to take us to our table, the table they took me to originally was occupied, and they shoved us at a table far too small for 8 people in the corner of the back room of the restaurant.Wait staff:  Apathetic.  We also had one particularly finicky diner.  Instead of offering suggestions when they couldn't provide what she wanted, the server simply said "No, we can't do that," or, "No, we don't do that."  Offer a suggestion.Delivery/speed:  We were given several notices that food would not arrive at the same time.  Fine by me.  Our six small plates took 45 minutes total to arrive.  30 minutes after that, no main dishes had arrived, and our server did not visit the table during that time.  Until a friend happened to find the manager not doing anything and asked him what was going on did we even get any main entrees delivered to our table.  Maybe it was because we were in the corner and they forgot we were there because they couldn't see us?Even though the food was wonderful, I won't be back.  I would recommend, though, having drinks at the bar (the bar staff was great), and maybe a small plate there.  The food really is the star here, but the people just don't have it together.
Just got back from a 4 day trip to NYC.  I used yelp to make decisions as to where to go for dinner.  This place was great!! From the atmosphere, to the friendliness of the staff, to the food - a definite 5 stars.  We were a party of 10 and decided to try the pre-fixe menu.  They brought out so much food that we had no more room for dessert, but we still had it.  Every plate that came to the table was better than the one before.  Highly recommend the pre-fixe.
The look of the place and the staff were all as they should be for this type of place. The decor was posh -- dark and pretty. The space was large, which I like. Everyone was extremely professional and attentive.The cocktails were delicious! And only $12 which is (sad but true in New York) perfectly good value for a drink at a nice bar.The crispy spring rolls stuffed with duck and foie gras were amazing. The best part of the meal. I tried the edamame dumplings after everyone on Yelp seemed to unanimously say they were good, but I didn't like them at all! The taste and texture were strange -- it's really just some sort of green paste wrapped in a dumpling...We had the short ribs and the king crab hot pot as entrees. They were good, of course, but don't stand out as much as the spring rolls do. The waiter warned us that everything was family style and that we should order several dishes, so that made us think that portions would be small. But they were not small at all, so we were really stuffed. Sadly, too stuffed to try dessert.
Ate here late (11PM) on a Thursday night. Place was not too busy. Love the decor! We waited at the bar for about 10 minutes for our table to be set. Headed down the staircase and caught eye of the beautiful communal table. Looks like it would seat about 20 people. This is the same restaurant and table that was used in the Sex and the City movie (Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner). On our menu that night: Taro Puff Lollipops (w/minced pork, sweet  sour sauce) - Cute presentation and a yummy starter! Crab Fried Rice (w/wok scrambled egg) - Again...good presentation in a shell and very tasty. Although I only had a couple scoops of it because the hubby scarfed it down. He LOVED it! Charred Fillet of Beef (w/wonton crisps, mustard sauce) - This was just OK to me but the hubby thought it was really good. Mao Poe Tofu (w/minced pork, red chili) - Such a simple dish but my favorite of what we ordered. Came with a big scoop of steamed white rice so it was actually VERY filling. We didn't even get to finish it because we were both so stuffed. Overall...Love the ambiance of the restaurant. Food was delicious. Would be a great place for a large dinner party. I would maybe come back here again.... I only say maybe because I'm not from NYC so when I do come into the city I like to try out different spots for dinner....especially if the place is a bit on the pricey side, which Buddakan is.
great ambiance, awesome drinks and good food. Edamame dumplings melt in your mouth, Ummmh!Return ? Yes Frequency ? Occasionally
I'm still full from last night's dinner.... seriously..... Party of 8  - for an intimate birthday dinner...for a very special friend....Love the ambiance of this place... very dark...sexy...warm woods....low lighting....modern design.....and friendly service from the start.....  - Started off with drinks by the bar ("Charms" - ALL AROUND - passion fruit liqueur, apple , fresh berries, proseco.....were delightful....and were on constant rotation for the remainder of the evening). Take note - that my 2nd cocktail - "Tranquility" (citrus vodka, lemongrass infused oolong tea) - was reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy good..... Sat at the big table downstairs...which is just awe striking....the room is cavernous...but inviting.....chandeliers....candelabras....very sexy.... if you don't feel like a King and Queen in court while dining at this table..something is wrong with you..... Our servers were so attentive (special recognition to Kevin!!!)... We went with the pre fixe ($80) - as that seemed to be the wisest choice - and also for variety on the table.. They went out of their way for one of our diners who has a shellfish allergy - and her dishes were amended to suit quite nicely....  (Her beef was a winner with everyone who tasted!)....I will not list each dish...but let's just say EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS!.. Standouts were the Alaskan Black Cod (OMG)....... lobster egg rolls.....lobster fried rice....Edamame dumplings...Broken Chili Chicken *everyone really enjoyed that.... Peking Duck Salad....(a winner!)....even the Asian greens were awesome..... Desserts were beautiful - and each presented in a way where you didn't even want to deconstruct the darn thing....they were so interesting.... my fav was the Banana Bread Pudding......I would go back for that  - right now.....Every item was fresh....light...flavourful...never heavy....and never monotonous in ingredients...have you ever been so full? but still wanted to eat everything in front of you?  That's how we felt.....We were continually pleased as the night progressed.....and I really can't wait to head back..... Definitely worth every cent.....dollar..quarter...nickel...and dime....... no complaints!!!
I love the interior of this place. I do wish the customer service at the front desk was a little friendlier. I have only been there twice, my husband took me there the first time for my birthday and we went again for a friend's birthday. The food was delicious. I liked the chilled udon with lime sorbet.... it was weird and different, but it tasted really good. I also loved the boneless spare ribs, they were amazing. They are a little pricey and everything is a la carte, but its New York. Our friends girlfriend ordered him some kind of chocolate cake. Words can not even describe how indulgent it was. I wish I had room for a second piece ha ha. It was beautifully decorated too, with gold flakes and chocolate designs on top and going around the outside.  If you know someone who is having a birthday, I suggest ordering that cake. You can thank me later!
We were "escorted out," but I love Buddakan.  Our show ran late so we rolled in an hour late for a 10p reservation.  Immediately and without judgment, they swooshed us through the crazed bar, down the multi-tiered steps to the gilded Grand Room with a single table running 50 feet flanked by rich art tableau on the ends.  White-linen topped banquettes filled with happy diners line the garish walls.  Within seconds, our party was satiated with wines, specialty cocktails and good ole Stoli.  The vixen twins (we had two servers decked in body defining black) quickly had appetizers and entrees ordered with skillful recommendations on crowd-favorites for flavor and the amount to order.  (The service is family style.)  Tuna sashimi eggrolls, popcorn shrimp with a kick and a couple of other starters quickly arrived.  Glasses remained topped.  The entrees began to flow - flank steak with the most delicious brown-butter soy sauce, moist snapper, well-prepared scallops, maybe some fried rice.  I think we may have had dessert but things begin to get blurry about now.  Looking around, we realize we are the only people left in the recently-filled laughter-echoing room.  We're deep in meaningless conversation and indulgently finishing our final round when a bouncer arrives and hovers next to our table.  Large, jovial guy who stayed on message: "Get out," so we can lock the doors.  This is my third time at Buddakan, which never fails to deliver on food or ambiance.  I've never understood why anyone would subjugate themselves to the cramped quarters of the bar though.  The steak is par excellence, and the tab is always surprisingly lower than expected.  I hope to get thrown out of more places like this.
Buddakhan is a great place to dine if you are looking for something trendy and cool.  The food is good but it is not the place if you are looking for cuisine fit for foodies.  The menu is Pan Asian, so it contains variations on traditional dishes.  The lobster fried rice is good but a bit salty. ...the same goes for the wok tossed noodles with prawns.  However, I must say that the cocktails are delish. I had the charm, which contains passion fruit liquor, berries, prosecco and apple.
What can I say about this place. Good food, good drinks, good people, and good ambiance. First walking into this place I was amazed by the great decor. It was what I pictured a hip NYC restaurant to look like. We were there for dinner and had the tuna tartare spring rolls, the black pepper beef, lobster fried rice and asian green stir fry. All the food was yummy and I especially enjoyed the black pepper beef and lobster fried rice. For dessert we had the crying chocolate. It was like a hot chocolate souffle cake with melted chocolate in the middle and jasmine tea ice cream. It was so good I want some just thinking about it. I guess the area that Buddakan is located is the trendy nightlife area. After dinner we stepped outside and had a vast selection of different lounges and night clubs in the area. A perfect ending to a perfect night.
Super classy, great food. Long waits for walk-ins, so def make a reservation, and I think the bar is overpriced but I don't usually associate booze and Asian food anyway. Would definitely recommend the Wild Mushroom Chow Fun.
Stayed in the meat packing district on a business trip!  Had a huge business group at Buddakan.   Enjoyed the food, the service and the atmosphere! The "dramatic" "Harry Potter - like" main dinning area was pretty cool!Recommended!
This is my favorite place! Wish the menu had a wider selection since I've already tried everything on the menu! Love the tuna tartar and lobster fried rice. There isn't anything on their menu that doesn't taste good! Absolutely love! I did leave a gift card with a birthday card here on the table, and when i went back my table was clean and the card was gone!! Unfortunately none of the waiters reported it lost to the front desk - which disappointed me tremendously. When i went back all the staff seemed annoyed to help me look.  Not the greatest service for someone who loves this place so much...but besides that mishap that the food is excellente, and the ambiance is fantastic.
pro: great atmosphere, dramatic entrance into the dining areacon: pricey, long line at the men's roommust try cocktail: fate- elderflower, pineapple, prosecco, need I say more?must try seafood: alaskan cod- portion is a bit small, but the flavor is hugemust try rice dish: crab fried rice- I am a big big fan of keeping fried rice simple, and this is just it.  Egg, scallion, rice, and crab meat, this is the best fried rice I had in Manhattan (including the ones I had in Chinatown).  don't try: chili crab crispy noodle- way way way too salty, nothing special
One of my favorites in NYC! It's trendy, but the food is actually really good. Must try the edamame dumplings and short ribs. Their drinks are delicious too!
I think one of my favorite restaurants ever. I wanted to go there as soon as I saw the Sex and the City movie. It is where they filmed the rehearsal dinner for Carrie and Big. And the food was speculator. it is super dark in there and the hostesses have a hard time finding you to seat you. But it is very trendy and beautiful inside. The one thing that really stood out for me were the dumplings. I would definitely go back.
Really, really good food, but make reservations.  We arrived on Saturday evening at 10 PM and were informed that without a reservation our best bet was to try and grab a sit in the bar area (first come, first serve).  It was packed and dimly lit, which made spotting an opening an added challenge and mildly stressful. The table we finally scored was not ideal for the intimate meal we had envisioned, but the food was certainly worth the wait.  The menu has an asian fusion flair and we found each dish to be this divine assemblage of flavors.  We enjoyed the Tuna Tartare and the Char Siu Roast Pork, among other dishes.  Luckily the room was really loud or else our neighbors would have been slightly distracted by the cacophony of "ohhs and ahhs" coming from our table.  I mean, the meal was dynamite.  I also concluded my meal with a lovely cup of tea (rooibos tea with hints of rose and almond flavors).So definitely a place worth checking out.  But call ahead for reservations and know going in that the place will be loud.  If you are looking for a low-lit, quiet place, this isn't the restaurant for that experience.
Not as impressed this time around...the hype has overshadowed this place. The dark lighting, budda motifs, and medieval lighting was a bit cliche for me. I also wasn't too into the menu and only ordered drinks. I felt a bit like "been there, done that!" I would not go here if I was a local NYC resident. It's past its prime...next!!!
Te decor here is amazing and the space is cavernous. What amazed me most was the volume this place still does. We had 9pm reservations on A Thursday night, and had to wait about 15 minutes for our table. The waiting area, and entire 2 floor space was bustling. The 5 hostesses could barely keep pace with the constant turnover of people.  Now for the food. The calamari salad was fantastic. The spring rolls were also a winner. For entrees my wife had the lobster fried rice, and I had the pepper beef, which were both very well prepared. We split the crying chocolate for dessert, a lite yet decadent way to end our meal. All things considered, the pricing is very reasonable for NYC standards. Would definetely   return.
Headed to the city for my birthday, I made rezzie at Buddakan for my birthday dinner. That place reminds me of the Buddha bar or the Bar Lotti in Paris. I want to order everything on the menu.  Sadly my friend is allergic to seafood and shelfish and the sauce they use for 80% of their dishes contains shellfish.. bummer. She's pretty limited. I, on the other hand, would like to try it all. I go with the pineapple eggplant cashew tofu. AMAZING. Top if with a couple of white zin glasses and I'm ready for desert. The waitress comes in with a special peanut butter mousse birthday desert... OUTSTANDING!! Though she definitely was neither friendly nor helpful throughout the night, I'd forget it all for that peanut butter mousse....Yes Yes the place might be a little trendy and you're paying for it, but, in all honestly I had great food, great cocktails, met great people. A total different vibe from Cali! LOVED IT and recommend it!
The food was delicious and the dessert was even better. Personal favorites include rock shrimp, crab, the lemon chicken, calamari salad, almond bread pudding, and carrot cake. The waiter wasn't that friendly but overall atmosphere and meal was 5.0
This is the best Asian Fusion I've tasted so far.The place is obviously overpriced and you can't come here regularly but the food has such good strong tastes and flavors you won't regret splurging the one night out.  I enjoyed the food overall as Asian dishes tend to be very oily, greasy and heavy on the stomach but this place does so well in making sure the food tastes fresh and clean. I didn't feel gross walking out of the place which is always a huge plus.The ambiance is so chic and trendy. They're famous for their huge main room with communal table (The scene at Carrie's Engagement Party in the Sex and the City movie was filmed here!). You wouldn't expect the place to be so spacious when walking in since the outside of the of building looks like a standard black warehouse building.  They did really well to work with their space and the main rooms are accessed by walking down steep stairs to a lower level straight into the communal room and other side rooms that have extra seating.The restaurant suggests ordering family style so our group ordered the following starters and entrees (with my thoughts on each!).:APPETIZERS:Cantonese Spring Rolls - Nothing too much to rave about. Tasted pretty good with the nice blend of shrimp and chicken.Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - The flavors were very good but the Pork Belly is very fatty. It may not appeal to some squeamish eaters who don't like food with mushy/squishy consistencyCrispy Calamari Salad - Top notch. The apples gave it a slight sweet and sour flavor with an added crisp and the cashews balanced out all the tangy/salty/sweet tastes.Chili Rock Shrimp - Pretty good. Like the way they cook their shrimp. Not too overcooked.Edamame Dumplings - This was just average for me. Just mashed Edamame in a dumpling. Still tasted good but I wouldn't order again.Tuna Tartar Spring Roll - Really good. An interesting play on a classic dish.MAIN DISHES:Sizzling Short Rib - This was tender and juicy and loved the Mushroom Chow Fun sideWhole Crispy Fish - The presentation on this was beautiful! The fish tasted amazing, not too dry and not too undercooked. Sweet and Sour Chicken - Did not taste like the typical Sweet and Sour Chicken dish, which is a good thing. It was a toned down version with much better flavors.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - Good!! Once again, fish was perfectly cooked.SIDES:Chinese Sausage Fried Rice - Pretty good but the Chinese sausage taste didn't come out as strong for me. Lapchurn has a very distinct flavor and it was missing a bit there.Vegetable Rice - Pretty standard. The Coconut Foam was interesting to look at but didn't contribute to the flavor of the dish.DESSERT:Crying Chocolate - My favorite of the threeGinger Spice Doughnuts - Very good. Not too sweet and not too greasy.Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe  - This was just average for me since I'm not a huge peanut butter fan but everyone else LOVED it.
Amazing food and cocktails!  We ate here last night with friends and had a great meal.  It was nice that our waiter was not rushing us and was allowing us to enjoy our food and catch up with our friends.  The edamame dumplings are AMAZING!  The Moroccan lamb chops were delicious, as well as the filet.
Ambiance, plain and simple, this place goes for the jaw dropping affect when you walk through the door, you get the sense that the decor was probably the biggest priority, maybe even over the menu.The door hostess was really nice and although we had reservations we only had to wait about 5mins which isn't bad for a Sat. night in Dec. in MPD, the food was good but nothing spectacular I ordered the Lobster Fried Rice, stir-fry veggies, and some bbq chicken dish, I had the crying chocolate for desert it was good but no great, so by now your probably wondering why I gave this place such a high rating?....Did I mention the ambiance?Seriously this place is the destination that comes to mind when young 20  30 somethings envision themselves living and working in Manhattan doing business deals, trying to impress models, or trying to look good in front of your out of town guest from back home, dining in the place simply says, "I've arrived"
good, huge spot.  went there like 5 years ago and loved it.
Wayyy trendy and over hyped. We had a pretty horrible experience there aside from the food. We were a party of 4 WITH a reservation.  All 7 of the completely unhelpful hostesses just kinda stare at you and shuffle you around, never explaining how they will find you when your table is ready.  We waited an hour past our reservation time spending lots of money in the bar (one of my favorite parts of the night was a specialty drink that resembles lemonade/iced tea).I'm not going to complain about the food because everything was very good, but totally not worth the prices and not good enough to trump the way we were treated upon our arrival. And to be honest, you can dress it up with whatever fancy things you wish, it's still just Chinese food in the end. Everything has that typical soy sauce flavor that comes with Chinese food. As some other people have stated, the entrees generally don't come with any sides, but the menu is designed to get a bunch of things to share with the table, so if you dine here it's best to go the family style route.
The place looks very edgy. There are different color schemes in every room and low lighting. We had the scallion pancakes as appetizers which are covered with some kind of pulled pork and those were delicious. We also ordered a tofu, vegetable and one rice dish, which altogether was plenty of food for two and tasted very good. Try the coconut cream rice.
The food was incredible.We had a sampler appetizer where everything was delicious, and we also shared both of the entrees we asked for which were also great. But, oddly enough, what I remember the most is the semi-fredo that we had for dessert...incredible!
This restaurant gets an A+++ for Ambiance and atmosphere. Maybe one of the best locations for an intimate one-on-one date in the City. The drinks are quite delicious with an Asian Flare. The House Dj on Friday nights provides the perfect mood and tone for the energy of a Friday night in the Meat Packing District. If dining here with a party of 6 people, consider the Pre-Fix tasting Menu at around $65/person. Its a great deal and will be more food than you can imagine but a great way to see what the Chef can really do.
I've been to Buddakan three times now, and it has been a perfect experience every time. You HAVE to order the edamame dumplings. The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and I love how each "room" has a different feel. I highly recommend the ginger crusted rack of lamb... so tender and the ginger crust is phenomenally delicious. I do not recommend going without a reservation, which can be hard to get less than a week in advance (unless you want to eat dinner at either 6:00 or 11:00 pm). They do have first come, first serve seating in the bar area with full menu service. But beware of table stalking taking place if you decide to go this route.
Great food, good service, wikked atmosphere, vey sexy.
I was very surprised by the food here. l was with a group of friends and had a very good experience. I kind of thought it might be like some of the other restaurants in the area where you basically pay a ridiculous amount for mediocre food but it was not.  As long as I have a good experience I can justify the prices.  Our party wanted to try a variety of things on the menu...we decided to not do any type of bottle service and individual cocktails instead and our bill was over $500 for a party of four to help give perspective on the minimum amount I think one should expect to spend if you want to have a real variety. The menu has a sharing concept but the portions are small.  We had so many things coming to the table I honestly cannot remember all of the names, but it was a solid menu.  I understand why this restaurant has been around for quite some time now and has been able to maintain consistent business every night every week.  You must come here if you're looking for food with Asian fusion in this area.  Much better than a similar restaurant nearby...Great job Buddakan!
I think I got lucky happened to get the best server knew exactly what the restaurant is good at. He got us the best ever selection of food and wine. Had an amazing experience. Everything was outstanding. Really appreciate Kevin and the chefs. Great service and excellent food!!
Buddakan is the Meatpacking District equivalent to Midtown's Tao - big, over-the-top, pricey and a well-heeled crowd.  You can easily miss it - across the street from the Maritime hotel in a large black warehouse-looking building with a small lacquered sign.  It's quite the experience, and I'd have been satisfied with a selection of appetizers alone - actually, I feel like appetizer-only sampler is the way to go.With a date, this would be a better pick than Tao, as the variety of seating and slightly more intimate atmosphere lend to a better conversation spot - while still impressing a new interest or group of friends with an upscale pick in a trendy neighborhood.  Get 2 orders of the Rock Shrimp - I could eat these every single day and never get sick of them - as well as the General Tso Dumplings.  These are absolute, can't miss dishes.Also highly recommended are the Edamame Dumplings and Lobster Spring Rolls - these choices all sound similar, but I swear, they're all unique enough to try.  Cocktail selection is as girly as it gets.
This is one of my favorite restaurants, one that I can visit monthly without being sick of it.  The menu is extremely diverse with many choices, last time we went we ordered 15 dishes all which were equally amazing.  The portions are very good to share with a group of 4 or less. The service is exceptional and the decor and ambience are great.  See you next month.
I have been twice, and it so good!I will visit N.Y about 2 weeks and yes ill go again,alive,vibrant, good food and resonable price.A place worth visit every trip.
I love this place!! Perfect date spot or to just chill out with friends and talk. The music and food are awesome hands down. The drinks are a little pricey but it's the city and this is one of the better places to hang out. The vibe and the setting are really sexy and although the music is going you can have a great convo without having to talk over it. I've been going to Buddakan pretty often since my first visit less than a year ago.
The Atlantic City Venue is beautiful. It was crowded and I expected it to be noisy but there was a wonderful feeling of warmth in the room. The dishes were well prepared and the service was great.
Everything about this place is fab!Had my 25th birthday dinner here with my group of girlfriends.The decor,food and atmosphere are on a whole new level. The chili chicken, lobster fried rice, rock shrimp, and general tso chicken dumplings are all incredible! and OMG everyone needs to try the crying choc dessert..made my whole week it was so divine! One of a kind restaurant..I fell in love.
this place was AMAZING.the ambiance was great, the food and drinks were great and the staff was just as wonderful.got off the bus from DC and went straight here with 4 girlfriends. obviously we each paid about $50 by the end of the night. we each got a drink, and a bottle of sake, and then food to split around the table. highly recommend the crab sticky rice, the edamame dumplings  the lobster egg rolls.great place to go if you want to dress up, feel swanky and start a typical NYC night off right!
From the moment I walked in the door to our seating, I was primed to give a five-star review. Everything from then on was fine, but a bit disappointing.Buddakan is undeniably beautiful. I felt cooler - nay - hipper just being there. Beautiful people sipping beautiful drinks in a beautiful space. This is where Carrie and Mr. Big's engagement party was filmed for the SATC movie, and unfortunately, the meal was about as up-and-down as their ensuing marriage. Anyways, the drinks (particularly the named ones - Lush, Fever, Spice) were sufficiently delicious to distract me from our late seating; more than 30 minutes after our reservation. After being guided through the labyrinthine basement, we sat down and watched our waiter recite his "recommendations." One of my pet peeves is when you ask for a personal food recommendation, and get an (admittedly enthusiastic) reading of a prepared script. Regardless, we ordered a ton of food for five people, most was OK. Definitely order the edamame dumplings, and stay far, far away from the disappointing and ridiculously salty vegetables with 1000-layer tofu and the whole peking duck.Finally, Crying Chocolate has to be the strangest name for a dessert I've ever seen. Poor Carrie could have used one when she got ditched at the altar.
Been here twice already. Atlantic City  the city. But we all know, if you haven't been to the one in the city, well, you haven't lived.Ambience is 10x better. Actually lost my res when I went there. (Sucks! I know) but luckily the maitre'd was oh so! accommodating. We were able to sit and have the full menu at the lounge area. Although it was a bit dark, still an awesome experience.Why don't they pardon being late? I mean its ONLY fashionable! We lost our res only after 15 mins. (bleh!) that's the only downside..the wait time. But then again, on a Saturday night in Meatpacking (wasn't really expecting anything less)The service was superb. We were able to get the full menu and even arrange the lounge table to our specifications, (which was great since it wasn't even reserved for us!) I love that the menu is sharing-friendly. And even ordering a dish for two was A LOT for me!Mongolian Lamb Chops**4/5**- great. The texture was perfect, and the flavor SUCCULENT!Lobster Fried Rice**5/5**- LOVE LOVE LOVE! It was perfect. Didn't need anything else. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice**3.5/5**- wasn't too impressed with this dish this time around. The rice was a bit undercooked. The cutting fee for (your own) cake is a drawback but not shocked. And the presentation did make up for the cost. ****Will be going back for the FULL EXPERIENCE VERY SOON!****
If you're Asian--you probably know what I'm thinking. This place is wayyyyyyyyy overpriced, kitschy and simply, you could do better on your own.Ok, maybe it won't be better--but it'll definitely be a much better value! Actually, I think this place is not bad but if I was going to spend ~$60-70+++ for dinner in the city...I'd choose elsewhere because in the past 4-5 years, the crowd at Buddakan has slowly turned into a major BT crowd or old geezers who desperately are looking for some place "cool" to go. Definitely do not expect a quiet zen like evening here if you were even thinking along those lines.On the staff side, I can't say they are the most friendly either and if they are, they are either pandering for tips or trying to get your number.Back to the food though - it's good, but not worth the price. If you really want to have a more interesting Asian fusion experience--I'd suggest places like Momofuku during the daytime in the village.
Why haven't I returned to this restaurant? I came here with bunch of my girlfriends for a bday dinner and it was lovely.  It is exactly what a girl is looking for for a girls night out or a date.  I loved the ambiance here- the whole mysterious lighting, second floor-looking-down-to-first floor thing, the spacious interior, the Buddha decor, etc.  We were seated upstairs, and about 100 camera flashes later, our food arrived to our delight.  It didn't dissappoint. I don't think any dish could go wrong here with the amount of detail they give.I suggest this restaurant for a fancy group dinner.  It's a great place to take visitors and locals alike.
A hyped up place made famous by a certain TV show, I wanted to dislike them. However, the food was really quite good. It is a little overpriced for what it is, but that said, they have actually put some thought into their recipes.  We got Udon noodles and some cod,and both were really good. If you can deal with the mix of douche bags and star-struck  tourists you will inevitably have to share your space with, you will likely enjoy your meal.
"What kind of food DON'T you like?" asks my friend. "Asian Fusion," comes my quick reply. It's true:  I'm extremely, extremely wary of Asian Fusion cuisine. More often than not, it screams gimmick and is more a sign of chef's whimsy than artistic rendition of a cultural dish. Buddakan is a love-hate, hit-or-miss, take-it-or-leave-it kind of place. The main dining hall with grand ceilings and dripping wax candles certainly has its wow factor, but I wouldn't want to share that long banquet table that could fit a small army of diners. I've never felt so modest to have a dress go all the way mid-thigh. The food. There are only two reasons why I go back to Buddakan repeatedly: 1) Edamame dumplings. They could be on my plate every day of the year and I would still crave more of them. The most boring sounding dish is brilliant upon first bite. Believe the hype. 2) Desserts. Peanut Butter Bombe is incredibly light and refined, and might be the most delicate version of these heavy flavors I've tasted to date. The signature Crying Chocolate is for true chocolate lovers, better shared between 2-4 friends if only to eat more of the other desserts. Granted, my friend used to be a pastry chef here and I first came to pay my respects, but I've gone back for the PB bombe and the Edamame dumplings.  Not quite a solid bet for everything, but as a pre- or post-dinner (note my next review for Morimoto) supplement, I could eat my words about Asian Fusion for some more of those dumplings.
One of our favorites in the city. Love the edamame dumplings and rock shrimp! Great ambience and perfect for a date night or girls night out. The service is also great.
Been many times and can say that this is one of my favorite restaurants.  Every time we go the food is consistent with the time before.  Charred Beef is my favorite.  The sauce is the key, don't forget it.  The crab hot pot is great, as is the edamame dumplings, spare ribs, peking duck, the lollypops, and on and on.  It's all good, just get what looks good to you.For drinks, Fate and Tranquility are my two favorites.  Crying Chocolate for desert.  Peanut butter bombe is my favorite desert to date.  Service here is always excellent.
Absolutely delicious and really good prices for what you get.  I highly reccomend for a special occasion. I like the fact that everything is shareable! :)
My friend and i visited this restaurant, as part of the sex and the city tour, whilst visiting NYC. We were amazed at the lookof the place when we entered, and decided to bring our boyfriends there that night.I loved everything about this restaurant!. The decor was extravagant. The service was amazing. Our waiter knew the menu well, and could answer any of our questions. The cocktails were delicious.We orders a few meals to share between us, and we loved everything!The price wasn't too bad for the overall experience. Overall, we all enjoyed ourselves and still talk about how amazing this place was!
I went to Buddakan for dinner with my girlfriend a few nights ago.  The restaurant is pretty interesting inside, with a lot of space and high ceilings, although I found it a bit too dark.  They serve dishes "tapas-style" (the waiter's description), although I think the dishes were larger than typical tapas.The food was good.  We ordered two entrees: Charred Filet of Beef (pretty good, but I think that was mostly due to the butter sauce they poured over the top) and Kung Pao Monkfish (good but not memorable); and three side dishes: Chinese Sausage Fried Rice (good), Sugar Snap Peas (ok), and Chili Rock Shrimp (awesome).  If you're being strategic about your dinner and want to maximize your food for the money, get the fried rice - that alone could have filled us up and it was only $10.  Also, don't feel like you have to order an entree for each person - they expect you to share those as well, and the entrees are generally much more expensive than the appetizers and side dishes without offering much more food.The service at Buddakan was fine, although they didn't come by to fill our glasses of water for the entire meal, until we flagged someone down at the end.  No big deal, but worth noting if you care about that sort of thing.I'd definitely go back to Buddakan again, and if I did I'd order less food and save room for dessert (which sounds great according to other Yelp reviews).
Asian Food @ European Price/PortionIf you want to raise your pinky while drinking out of your glass this is your place. Suits and Monocle is a must. Decor : SuperbPortions: TerriblePrices: TerribleCuisine: Asian/Thai/BukkakeWaiter did not know anything about Sake.Good thing a Pharmaceutical Rep paid for my lunch.  :O)
I'm not even sure how to start or even what to say about this place.  I'll do my best. First, the location is easy to get to.  When you walk into the restaurant the vibe is fairly cool but at the same time trying too hard.  Its very big and interesting to look at.  The lounge area was very nice.  We had a reservation and was seated about 5 minutes after we arrived.We were walked through the restaurant to the lower level to our table.  As we passed the large communal table the host made a point of explaining that was in the Sex and the City Movie.  That brought my feelings on the restaurant down a notch.  This was after the host kept asking us many questions about how long we have been in NYC and where we were from (we are natives, born and bred).The food was good but really a fancy version of Asian food.  We had the shrimp dumpling apps and the pork dumplings.  Good, nothing great and didn't taste like anything new.Entree was the short ribs with vegetable rice with a weird foam and lo mein.  Again, good but not worth the hype and something I could have gotten at the corner chinese restaurant.  Dessert was some peanut butter ice cream with some caramel thing.  Nothing memorable. Overall, I don't think it is worth it.  If you're looking to for expensive Asian food go to Asia de Cuba, much better and worth the hype.
My new favorite restaurant..  Every detail down to the grout is perfect. My eye could not spot one flaw. The "library room" is gorgeous and intimate. The walk down the stairs is the most dramatic walk I have ever taken. Edamame dumplings... sublime. I just can't believe how much this place gets it. And the prices are so doable. Go here. Please go here right now. Love.
The place was so trendy...ultimate nyc-style! The drinks was so irresistible! I couldn't stop re-ordering. And the food... really to die for! I've been looking for a great hip Chinese restaurant and I've finally found it. There are just too many great pan-Asian, Japanese and south-east Asian ones out there. My most memorable dish: The King Crab Hot Pot. The crab legs were ginormous and the scallops were the size of my fist. It was so delicious. :] They encourage family style there, so share.
When I heard that we were going to a place called Buddakan,  I thought this sounds like some kind of hookah bar/brothel. Add the fact that I was going there for a client dinner..... Well, either way, I knew this place had to be a fun and 'only in NY' experience. And, it totally lived up to its name. The vibe is young, vibrant, and dare I say edgy. The styling and decorations really don't match any one theme - think grandma's trinkets meets modern meets cathedral. Though nothing made sense together, it works and puts everyone in the right mindset - stuff your face and have a good time. The food was very good. We literally had every single dish on the menu from apps to entree and side dishes to dessert. Needless to say I feel utterly disgusting right now from all that food, but in the best possible sense of course. Favs that stood out were the edamame dumplings, Lobster egg rolls and Beef with lettuce. The desserts .... the spicy chocolate gelato was purely orgasmic....... I want a pint right now! It was Damn Gooooood! They also had a very interesting selection of teas. The one I had had hints of cocoa and almonds. By far, the most interesting and delicious tea i've had (though I'm not very adventurous where tea is concerned. The dress of the crowd was interesting. Though I see some reviewers mention dressing up, I saw people in all kinds of outfits - from club rat to touristy to businessy. I can't wait to come back. This place is perfect for a chill night with friends or a birthday dinner. YUM YUM YUMP.S. Can't speak for the prices since I was on company dime, so I can only give this four stars for now. I'll have to go back to see if I can go for the fifth star
Awesome upscale Asian fusion!  My favorite place to take friends from out of town and impress them.  Gorgeous decor and the food is just one incredible dish after another.The edamame dumplings are to die for-you would think you are eating ricotta cheese but the edamame and the truffle oil blended together are a sinful pleasure-wow!The lamb chops were the best I've ever had-and I don't usually love lamb.Spare ribs and the wild mushroom noodles are always excellent!Highly recommended!
"Kinda like Tao, but with better food."                                                         - Wifey-"Reminds me of Spice Market, but with prettier people."                                                          -Me-Pan-Asian joints have become so chic lately.  When they're done well, you'll get a great meal, a sleek Eastern atmosphere, and a lotta jealous friends who wished they were Asian too.When these joints are done badly, I hide my head in shame and try to convince people that I'm not Chinese, but Eskimo.Fortunately, Buddakan is a place that lives up to the hype.  And you'd better believe there's a lotta hype surrounding this place.  For starters, it's one of many establishments owned by the Starr Restaurant group.  A group known for glitzy, trendy, and high-profile eateries across the US.Confirming Buddakan as an "it" place, waves of models, well-heeled financiers, and general glitteratti seem to flock to its nouveau, buddha-inspired "chinoiserie".Wifey and I walked in at 6pm on a Thursday night.The bar was packed.PACKED!Packed with all the model-quality beautiful people that New York had to offer - and a couple of homely ones thrown in just to make the pretty people seem all the more gorgeous.Typically, a demographic of this type is not a good omen for the food.Wifey and I confirmed our reservation with the requisite vacuous blonde at the desk and decided to forgo the monstrous line at the coat check area.  The ditzy blonde then told us to wait at the bar and that someone would be along to get us.  These seemingly simple instructions take on new meaning when you actually walk into the endless hoards of people at the bar and wonder how they'll actually find you.The seating ritual at Buddakan is absolutely the most inefficient and haphazard system I've ever witnessed at a restaurant.  While you're patiently waiting amongst the boisterous and tipsy crowd at the bar, these poor girls wander around aimlessly with nothing but a tiny piece of paper with your last name scribbled on it.  The girls feebly call out random names hoping for a hit, but their delicate blonde voices are drowned out by the din of hipsters juiced up on lychee-infused vodka.If these young waifs finally manage to find you amidst the din and chaos, you are led into an ornate, 2-story chandelier-swinging dining hall of immense proportion.  There is a huge communal dining table in the center of the room with more of the aforementioned glitteratti feasting on pan-Asian treats.The menu is varied, but familiar in its offerings.  You'll be offered fare like potstickers, fried rice, and spring rolls, but they'll be "kicked up a notch" as the banal Emeril Lagasse would say...Whatever the case, those overpriced potstickers and spring rolls will be some of the best you've ever eaten.The food's pretty good.I'll be damned.
I'm not about to argue that you can't find better food for the price.  It's pretty solid asian fusion, but not incredible.  What sets this place apart is the atmosphere.  Between the renaissance painting tapestries, candy colored wooden window fixtures, and taxidermy birds on the walls, you half expect a Quentin Tarentino fight scene to break out in the middle of your meal.  And the giant wooden chandeliers in the banquet room - AWESOME!!!With that said, I did eat a few things there that warrant mentioning.  The clay pot duck was quite delicious, as were the edamame dumplings and tuna tartare.  I also got this dessert that was like a high-brow cider doughnut with ice cream.  Delicious.
Ok, my prior review was bare bones.  I've been back a number of times and went again last night and needed to pipe in again.  Edamame dumplings.  Edamame dumpings.  Edamame dumplings.  Are unbelievable.  5 to an order, whipped edamame and some truffle oil in a light dumpling.  Absolutely delicious.  One of my favorite things to eat, right up there with the slab bacon at Luger's.  And the wait staff and service for such a high end "hip" place is pretty excellent as well.
Buddakan is beautiful, the entrance reminds me of checking into a hotel! I remember seeing it in Sex and the City  and always wondered where they were. It was honestly just as beautiful as the movie portrayed. We ordered drinks that were delicious and their egg rolls to munch on. I'm deducting stars from their review because the service is inefficient and honestly horrible. I saw a hostess looking around for her guests for a good 15 minutes because she was too scared to ask the wrong people...she literally circled and passed the correct couple  about 20 times. It took us an hour to get seated and we had a reservation. When we finally got seated and ordered, our waiter came back once to check on us and then disappeared. I had to call for someone else to get our check...the waiter was still no where to be seen. All in all, great food, great decor, horrible idiotic service.
Food decent, but not great.  Price was way too expensive for the quality of the food.  The ambience and decor are interesting, but at this point is tacky.  Price and quality are a fit for a Las Vegas Casino restaurant.  If you go, the only really delicious thing there is the "Fever" cocktail -- which has jalapeno in it.
Did not disappoint...   Although we had to wait a bit longer for our table then we would have liked (we had a 9:15 reservation and we weren't say until about 9:40), the overall experience was great.While we were waiting, the manager offered to take us to the library bar... if the upstairs bar is as packed as it was last night, I would highly recommend this move.  The downstairs (library) bar was empty, and we had plenty of space to sit and enjoy our drinks.Another recommendation, unless you like very dim light... I'd strongly recommend to ask to be seated in the main room.  The music is not as loud in there, and the lighting is much better.Finally, for the food...  best part of the night.   What we ordered:Edamame dumplings -  As good as advertised.  Everyone really enjoyed them.Pork dumplings --- very good, but not anything amazingBoneless spare ribs -- Great.  Like some of the best fall off the bone ribs you've ever had... but no bone.  Easy to eat with fork and knife (actually no knife needed), with a great sauceRock Shrimp -- Another great dish.   The breading layer is so thin, and it's so lightly dressed in the spicy mayo, you almost forget it's bad for you.  If you like shrimp, this is a great dish (which we all do)Scallion pancakes with braised short ribs and apple -- very good, although not amazing.  The short rib was very good, and was definitely the star.  The scallion pancake was run of the mill... and not very crispy because the beef was piled on top of it.Cod (entree) -- very good.  fell apart with the lightest touch of the fork, and great flavorLobster fried rice -- very good fried rice... with a few chunks of lobster.  The lobster didn't change the flavor all that much, but the fried rice stood on its own.Broken Chili Chicken -- great sauce... definitely the best part.  I spooned it on to my fried rice at the end it was so good.   The chicken is all white meat, light tempura battered (with the skin on) so it's super crispy on the outside...  but the chicken in still incredibly moist (despite being sliced in the kitchen)Bread Pudding   -- everyone liked this, but I actually didn't eat any.... too full from everything else.
Fought hard not to have a work dinner here the other night  I stand corrected, it was really great.  Went maybe 4 years ago when it first opened, remember it as my first NY exposure to Frank Bruni who was sitting at the next table  everyone was whispering/pointing.  Hadn't been back since assuming it had grown in ostentatious B  T tragic buddha-osity.  Turns out that stuff is true, but who cares because the food was good, our waitress was a delight  the wine was memorable.  Since there are 300+ other reviews to tell you which of the dishes are top notch, I will just say that it's a pleasant surprise  I will not let my horrendous snobbery cloud my judgement moving forward.
We had a res for 10.45 on Friday nite. Got there a bit early and went downstairs to the bar after we were told that they would come and find us (later found out that they actually write down what u r wearing cuz out of million people the lady came right up to us). The place is gorgeous, high ceilings with massive chandelliers, great for large parties, feels very open even with lot of people. The service is the reason for 1 star deduction, she seemed pissed and didnt talk too much. The food was the best part, the pekin duck and the lamb rib were one of the best chinese dishes i've ever tasted. Overal a great dining experience but will put a hole in ur wallet.
Perhaps it was better when it first opened, but our recent experience was not great.  Below average food and uncomfortable dining.
This place is stunning.  The food is delicious and the presentation is unreal.  The portions are a good size.  We ordered and shared most, or at least tasted everything..... the edamame dumplings, tuna springrolls, rock shrimp, tuna tartar.  Duck, Short Ribs, Branzini Fish............. ALL AMAZING! Then the deserts, one more delicious then the next.  we ordered 3.  There were 5 of us.  A taste is all you need!  I would definately reccommend going.  An experience and an honor for something special
My first time here was on a less then perfect date where all three choices(salty crab fried rice, pork belly buns, and sweet and slimy rib tips) almost made me give up on the place for good. I wasn't too thrilled either that I could have literally ate off the plate from the person next to me( and I seriously wanted to, whatever they ordered looked way better then what I had). But I went back to give it another chance and learned that I should choose my own dinner. Both the Edmame and Shrimp dumplings were redemptive enough for my palette to forgive my prior experience. Skip the rice and the carbs and try the charred asparagus as a side instead. I ordered duck for the first time while I was there and now I'm hooked for life! The exquisite design of the dining area close to the stairway rivals the run of the mill dinner experience at Koi or TAO. Unfortunately the red head bartender upstairs is pretty snotty and his mojito's aren't worth drinking but I had one of their specialty cocktails the second time around with lime and rum that complimented my dinner nicely. It's a great place if you want to impress someone or treat yourself to a night out.
I know all you SATC fans must make a pilgrimage to this holy place but all the hoopla is highly OVERRATED. Their renowned "must try" edamame dumplings were mediocre and for the amount they're charging you for each dish, one would expect a lot more in the presentation. The beef lettuce cups were literally one itsy bitsy beef medallion on a bed of one itsy bitsy lettuce. Who are we feeding here, munchkins? Almond bread pudding is the only worthwhile item on the menu. If I were you, I would be out of there in a NY minute.
I love coming here! The food is awesome, drinks r great, and just knowing I sat on the same table as the SATC ladies did for Carrie's wedding rehearsal makes me happy.
Very Trendy and upscale place. Went there on a Saturday evening and the place was packed. It draws a very well dressed crowd, and has a dinning area  on the lower level.Pros: ambiance, service, food selection, locationCons: Can be crowded and yes a bit pricey
Not a long wait. The Food and drinks are amazing. Service is decent. Location, yet another thing working for them. Highly recommended.
This place is great for drinks and atmosphere.  However, I wasn't SUPER impressed with the food considering the price.
I've been here three times so far and every time I've been beyond satisfied with my experience.The place is stunning. Huge layout  with two floors and several rooms. I've eaten only downstairs all three times. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Super trendy and hip. You don't have to come swanked out but a lot of people do especially on Fridays and Saturdays.I'll focus more on my second visit for this review because I tried a wider variety of food with my family. Our waiter was great. Very courteous and helpful. He helped us pick a few appetizers which were all excellent. We started off with general tso dumplings, scallion pancakes, and the boneless spare ribs. The dumplings were fantastic. The hot and sour soup in them is a nice surprise to bite into. The ribs were tender and smothered in a delicious sauce, paired with their mustard which is sweet and zingy. The scallion pancakes were great as well! I ordered the Fever cocktail (spicy!) which is definitely one of the more unique cocktails I've ever had. It was a nice addition to my meal.Although the main entrees for this place are intended to be shared, we each ordered one. I ordered the charred filet of beef which was cooked medium, even a little closer to medium rare which is how I prefer my meat. The plating is impeccable here. It arrived with thin and very tasty wonton crisps, their signature mustard, and a savory but sweet sauce that had hints of caramel in it. Needless to say, it was excellent. My sister ordered the black pepper beef which comes in a beautiful, delicate "birds nest." The beef was cooked perfectly and there was a delightful crunchy texture in the vegetables accompanying it. My father, mother, and brother ordered sha cha chicken and broken chili chicken. I didn't try either of these but they were happy with their food. To top it off we ordered the summer peach upside down cake and the bittersweet chocolate mousse pave. The summer peach upside down cake is possibly the greatest dessert I've ever had. The cake was buttery, delicate, and moist. The egg custard ice cream is brulee'd on top and melts nicely with the cake. The bittersweet chocolate mousse pave is not really bittersweet but still amazing. The caramel popcorn sherbet is out of this world. My family still raves about it, months after their visit there. The bill was a little scary but its nice to splurge on a good meal every now and then. My father thought it was well worth it. Not just for the food, but for the overall dining experience that you can't get at any typical restaurant in the city.
[I'd be mortified if I tripped on those stairs leading down to the main dining room =p]Every aspect of this restaurant was appealing. The restaurant is beautiful, the employees were full of smiles, the corner banquet table had the best view, and the food was amazing. Allow me to break it down.For a party of 6, we had:APPSCrispy Calamari Salad - lightly-battered calamari with mix greens in a tangy miso vinaigrette, very basicEdamame Dumplings - unique, the filling was really smoothChili Rock Shrimp - tasty rock shrimp smothered in a sweet and spicy sauce, goodWok Hay Frog Legs - the best of the apps, the best frog legs I ever had. I'm at lost for words to describe it.Boneless Spare Ribs - tender and savory, a delightful classicChili Crab  Crispy Noodles -  sauteed blue crab in chili brown sauce over crispy noodles, the sauce was a little too powerful but I liked the dish nonethelessLobster Fried Rice - very light, no flavorTwice Cooked Long Beans - crisp cut long beans in a minced shrimp oyster-like sauce; so good we ordered a 2ndENTREESzechuan Crusted NY Ribeye - my fave cut done right, thick slices served with hong kong steak sauce and turnip fries (I'd substitute the bbq-like steak sauce)Charred Filet of Beef - tender and perfectly charred; this entree was raved about on yelp but I preferr the rib-eyeSizzling Short Rib - off the bone, similiar to braised brisket, yummy Whole Sea Bass - coated and deeped fried, unfortunately mushy, the veggies were more delectable  DESSERTCrying Chocolate - delicious rich molten cake with a scoop of coffee ice creamCoconut Creme Brulee - very good, a palate cleanser, especially the lemongrass ice creamChocolate Mille Feuille - a stacked dessert of bruleed bananas, ice cream and thin chocolate Jasmine Lemon VerbenaEveryone was satisifed, happy... in euphoria. Definitely a place to return to, especially with guest. Amaze them with the cavernous dining room, attractive design, and good food.
Love this place! Everytime  time I go there service is great and food is delicious.
Swanky, classy and stylish to say the least! Every dish we ordered was amazing - lamb chops, fried rice, ma poe tofu and dumplings. The decor and atmosphere cant get any better. We were given a very nice table downstairs right next to the long communal dining table so the bar noise didn't bother us much.  The service was awesome and of course Buddakan's alliance with Sex and the City adds charm to the place. I think the price is just perfect for the entire package this place offers. Definitely one of the best restaurants I have been to in New York.
If you are in the mood for trendy asian fusion place you may want to try Buddakan. It's a nice place and the food is good. Make sure you have reservations. It gets packed. You won't feel it much though because the place is huge. For appetizer I would recommend Edamame Dumplings. They are to die for. Never had such unique Dumplings. They are light as an air but so tasty. You might even want to get two orders of those. I also liked Deviled Tuna Tartare. I'm a big fan of tuna tartare and it's good there. Rice and Noodles are also very good there. I wish I remembered which ones I had. But I'm pretty sure they are all good. But my Favorite meat dish there is Charred Filet of Beef (wonton crisps, mustard sauce). It is unbelievable. You have to try it there. And the sauce is soo tasty. Perfect combo.
See and be seen crowd. Haven't been to eat, but good, sexy ambiance with drinks.
I had already had quite a bit to drink by the time I got to my 11pm reservation at Buddakan, but I was still able to relish in the all of the great flavors. Three friends and I shared three fish entrees, lobster fried rice and some chicken dumplings. Everything. Was. Delicious. No complaints with the food. We had a bottle of Chardonnay, too. Now, I don't love Chardonnay, but it wasn't too buttery and actually complemented our meal quite well. I want to go back here! Oh, and the service was fabulous--our waitress couldn't have been more sweet and patient.
Came here with an eclectic group of friends, of which one was visiting from out of town and appreciates a trendy scene...Buddakan was a great call for this group. The interior is beautiful and we were seated upstairs in a semi-private area which was great. We ordered plenty of app's and entrees and shared them all which worked well. All of the app's were tiny but still tasty...some of the notables include the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, and my favorite the beef lettuce cups. My favorite entree was the charred filet of beef and king crab hot pot was a close second...apparently the vegetable tofu steamed buns were decent, but I didn't save room to try them. Also, I was feeling bold and ventured away from my standard drink (Hendricks and tonic) and opted to try something different from their fun cocktail menu, the Lush, which was ok but reminded me why I have a standard drink. Overall, come for the food and the scene (try to snag a spot downstairs under the gorgeous chandeliers), but not for the portions or the service which was blah, from the (seemingly slow :-/ ) girls at the front to lack luster waitstaff. A close 4 star, but by comparison to the other great places the city has to offer, it's a 3 for me.
LOVE this place! decor is amazing, staff is great and attentive and the food is amazing! omg you have to try the edamame dumplings! all the food was amazing! it gets a little loud but it doesn't matter- the food makes up for it! great place for dinner if you're going to party that night!
Bad bad food! Service is so so! The only rock thing is decor! But after i had food poison here I forgot even about that one! Very bad! People who count themselves as a foodie wont be impressed! Bye bye Buddakan!
Arrived at Buddakan and was blown away by the entry, reception staff, bar and beautiful and sophisticated crowd. After being seated, the ambiance subsided a touch as many of the tables are acceptable/mediocre while others maintain the ambiance of the entry. The service was also somewhere between acceptable and positive. The food, served in a family-style theme, was absolutely tremendous. Delicious. I can't rave about the food and the specialty drinks enough. Overall, the experience was very, very good.
Wow. The decor in this place is amazing. The food was pretty good, but you are definitely going for the decor/atmosphere rather than the food. I don't know why people are all about the edamame dumplings, they were kind of weird.
OMG this place is amazing- Went with a whole bunch of friends on a friday night and the atmosphere was the best!! Favorites: Edamame Dumplings, Fish for entree and you have to have the Crying chocolate cake- AMAZING!!I cannot wait to go back here!
Delicious!!!!!! I actually went with the lovely Megan E. (look down)  and I agree with everything she said.  I was sitting at the opposite end of the table and sadly did not get any lollipops (though they looked awesome) BUT we had tons of deliciousness at our end including (but definitely not limited too)1. Tuna tartar spring rolls (they were perfect!)2. The cod entree...amazing!Also, I shared a bottle of the wine and it was actually well priced considering the price tag of everything else.All in all -- it's pricey but it should be...food like this is a fun treat!!
Still a fan after 8-9 visits, but the service the other night left something to be desired. We sat at a table in the bar area, which was only sparsely crowded, and sat, and sat, and sat...while a waitress sailed past us several times to attend to other patrons and purposefully avoided eye contact with us. After maybe 20 minutes, when all of our group had arrived and we were getting ready to grumble, another waitress finally came by and brightly tried to make up for what she obviously realized was a gaffe. She was pretty good and attentive overall. We did have a hard time getting her attention toward the end and had to wait a bit for the bill.Also -- a few months ago a friend noticed Buddakan had tacked on an extra $10 on his credit card that was not on his receipt. He called and they immediately removed the extra charge and claimed they'd look into it. I trust this was a rogue waitress and not a habitual thing, but alarming nonetheless. So lesson learned and shared -- save and doublecheck your receipts with your statements, friends!
Decor was gorgeous. Service was good. Food was great, we had:Pork Potstickers - excellent, great sauce tooFilet of Beef - heaven, so good. tender with a flavorful charKung Pao Monkfish - good, nice flavor, would order sporadicallySha Cha Chicken - not very flavorful, wouldn't order againChinese Sausage Fried Rice - meh, wouldn't order againCrying Chocolate - delicious molten cake with a jasmine ice cream that I wasn't hooked on, but the rest of my party loved
Let me start by saying, I may have been called Cheap looking as soon as I walked in the door by a model, I am still a huge fan!We made reservations and the only time they could seat us was at 11:15pm which worked out just fine for us as we were in the city that never sleeps...Upon arrival, we were escorted to the lounge area but not before being eyed up by the hostess for not being Money or models... meh... we ordered drinks and then waited for our table (only approx 5 minutes). In this time though, a model did proceed to look at me and make the comment to her friend "there are alot of cheaping looking people here tonight!" but that didn't phase me. When the hostess came to get us, we walked into the dining room and you felt as though you were going to a medieval feast in a beautiful hall. The Sex and the City Movie doesn't do this place justice... its fabulous! We sad down and ordered two bottles of delicious wine, followed up with ordering a heck of alot of food.. all sharing plates and we spent minimal. The Food was incredible.. probably the best meal I have ever had...This was memorable place and one that I will return to on my next visit.
I had my birthday dinner at Buddakan back in February, and I am still reminiscing at how terrific and memorable the entire experience was. The decor in this place is unreal! So ornate and beautiful! Even better than the decor was the food. Oh em gee..literally mouth watering. The portions are rather small so you have to order quite a few samplings if you're starving. We had the rock shrimp and this crispy honey glazed shrimp..both to die for. Then we had lobster egg rolls and lobster rice along side some glazed lamb chomps. Everything came out steaming hot and in a beautiful presentation! I had an amazing cocktail that our friendly waiter suggested. I can't remember the exact name of the concoction but it had St. Germaine, champagne and splash of vodka. Delicious. They even brought out ice cream for the birthday girl (me!) It was truly one of the best dining experiences I have ever had! Kudos to Buddakan!
This place is gorgeous and expansive (read: lower dining area), but at the end of the day, it's just another dime-a-dozen Asian-inspired spot in New York. Go to the bar and order a Cucumber Mojito. They are simply AWESOME and to this day I can't find another place that does them as superbly.Overall, a nice place to take your out-of-towner friends if they're into the whole places-to-see and-be-seen sort of thing. But this place is always ridiculously crowded on weekends so good luck...
while you might write off buddakan as just another typical restaurant in the meatpacking district, don't be so quick to judge. meatpacking is known for ambiance, and the interior of this asian-fusion restaurant does not disappoint.  their fate and smash cocktails are delicious, and do not interfere with the flavors from the meal. memorable dishes include jade shrimp dumplings, char siu roast pork and deviled tuna tartare. my favorite by far is the chili rock shrimp!overall experience was very nice, chalk it up to great atmosphere, service, food, and friends.
cool atmosphere, but the food is subpar asian fusion.
Things did not start out well at Buddakan for me. We had a reservation at 10 on a Saturday night and were not seated until 10:40. The bar area upstairs was super crowded and it was very tough to get a drink while we waited, so I was not a happy camper.But, as much as I wanted to hate it, the food was REALLY good and the space was quite beautiful. We had out of town guests and they were very impressed by the place (minus the wait). We had the deviled tuna tartar - YUM, the pork bellies - again YUM (but I don't think you can really mess up pork belly), the calamari salad was great and the edamame dumplings were also very tasty. Then for mains I had the filet of beef - I am still dreaming about that sauce! And the scallops and shrimp dishes we ordered were also superb. Bottom line, I would go back and am hopeful that I wouldn't have the same problem with waiting for a reserved table.
Pretty good food, pretty good atmosphere and a good spot. Not a bad location but not necessarily near everything else in Manhattan which actually makes for a slightly less crowded atmosphere which is good. A bit pricey but the food is rather good. Quite a bit like Tao without all the over-the-top taste and ambiance. Almost like Tao-light, including the service. The bar can be a bit cramped but if you're lucky you'll be able to get a small table nearby. Nothing to really complain about but by going to Tao more times like we do you'll find this place is a little lacking in the wow-factor. All-in-all it stands good on its own and is a good alternative when you want a less flashy and more relaxed but still top-rate dining experience.
Finally made to buddakan the other day. Personally absolutely love it. Huge sex and the city fan that probably explain why I liked the place.Overall food experience was excellent, however there is one thing we shouldn't have orderLobster Fried Rice ( its so NOT worth it, I could get this dish in chinatown for like 5$)I was surprised when the check came, i thought we spent much more than that. Very reasonable price for appetizers+ main dishes+ drink + dessert($60)Highly recommend for people who's loves the modern decor, if you are sex and city fan that definitely helps.
How hard can it be to write a review about a place that specializes in perfection? The food and service are amazing.  If you're looking for an opinion, the edamame dumplings are amazing, as is the seafood... as long as you're savvy to Japanese preparation. The blackened cod absolutely melts in your mouth, as do the scallops. Go ape shit and don't be afraid to pair a Spanish Rioja with it. I promise you'll be pleasantly surprised. Be forewarned, though, drinks are not cheap.  This isn't a cozy "couples" place.  Bring some friends, be loud, settle in for a few hours and have a good time!
Buddakan is fun, fabulous and my first choice where to bring friends from out of town for dinner. It always gives everyone a taste of people watching, creative Asian food and a splash of New York city glamour. The spacious restaurant provides for all settings, either a happening bar, communal dining table with chandeliers, or more private seating in surrounding areas. You've got to try their signature edamame dumplings, plus the cabbage wrapped seabass and peking style, spicy pork belly for the adventurous. Whether it's been for a date, friends in town, or late night scene spotting, I've always had a good time here.Culinary Explorer's Guide to Dining at a New York Mega Restaurant:1. Book reservations early in advance for large groups or take an early reservation at 6 or 7.2. Be sure to try their signature dishes.3. Order family style to get a taste of many dishes.4. Expect a busy scene and loud music, but that's all meant to be part of the experience.
Their drinks are exorbitantly overpriced, but their service and decor really make up for it. The crowd is pretty mixed. I cant complain, I met some pretty chill people here.
Excellent   delicious:  Appetizers, Entrees (for the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, they let me substitute with brown rice! FAB!) and Desserts. The staff was overall helpful -- some extremely gracious, others a tiny bit smug, but in summary I highly recommend.
Went here for my bachelorette party and it was an awesome overall experience. The atmosphere was hip  trendy and the food was excellent. The staff went out of their way to create a good dining experience for us. They even created custom menus with my name on them and everything! Try it, you won't be disappointed.
So fun!  I like this place better than Spice Market.  It's trendy and HUGE.  Wow, so much space.  The food was pretty good for this kind of a place.  The cocktails were delicious.  Great atmosphere - all kinds of different rooms and each one feels different.  Colorful and creative.  Great for dates or groups!
We staggered over to Buddakan (because the place my friends really wanted to go to at the Jane hotel had a private party. BOO). I have a general distaste for places in the MPD, but Buddakan was GOOD.  The whole restaurant section was empty but the lounge side was pumping with some of the best house and buddha bar music I've heard.  The place wasn't crowded but still full enough to be "sceney" Everyone there seemed to be having a great time, and there were definitely lots of people *looking to* have a great time.Rahul enjoying Buddakan = Rahul getting even more drunk.When we were leaving, one of my buddies FINALLY showed up after tying up some familial obligations.  I was so happy at his arrival that I gave him a tight, bear hug. We celebrated (his arrival I guess) by getting high in his car and driving around a few blocks. NEXT STOP: Gaslight. NOT MY IDEA. I was way beyond idea generation.
I HAVE NOT EATEN HERE SO I AM ONLY GIVING A REVIEW ABOUT THE DECOR. if i actually try their food-- which i highly doubt because my sister said it wasnt worth trying-- i will update this review. The atmosphere at the bar was very lively on a Thursday night. They were mostly a lot of older men, in their late twenties early thirties, im guessing. But it wasn't crowded. it was loud, but spacious. Downstairs where the real dining area was was aboslutely gorgeously decorated. In the center it was a longggggg table like the ones you see in victorian movies-- very elegant and sophisticated. On both sides of the end of the table they had more connecting booths which seemed like the "private" party area.  I've only had their drinks, which honestly can't be given a review from me cuz drinks are drinks depending on the bartender. BUT THIS IS A FOOD RELATED REVIEW FROM MY SISTER UNDER MY NAME. according to her, she said the food is yummy but doesn't fill you up. Her and her two other friends each paid about $60 a person but they were all not satisfied. So im guessing the portions are really really tiny.p.s. they have matches. :))
Love the restaurant! Spectacular decor and ambiance, but most of important of all, tons of great and interesting dishes, which even people who usually prefer the authentic version of Asian or Chinese food like me can really enjoy. The appetizers were amazing. The most memorable ones are Bigeye Tuna Tartare (loved it so much!!) and Edamame Ravioli (my boss's fave, very original). We shared our entrees. As far as I remember, the Peking duck was quite authentic; the black cod was delicious; and the lobster fried rice was also very nice.My drink was either serenity or tranquility. It has oolong tea in it and I had three that night. That's how good it is. LOL!
Hmm, normally not a place of my caliber (normally wouldn't be caught dead in the Meatpacking district and avoid it like the plague), but an old colleague was in town and wanted to try a new trendy place. The overall ambiance of the place is decent, the bar is too dim and the cocktail waitresses were a bit rude.  Our waiter was fabulous though because he gave us some great recommendations. For appetizers, we had the edamame dumplings, tune tartare spring roll (dee-lish), and chili rock shrimp (my favorite of the appetizers).  We also ordered the lobster/shrimp noodles and fried rice, which was average.  I don't remember what else we ordered because the cocktails kept flowing... but overall a decent experience for what it was. I say this place is best for business dinners, fancy parties, or a hot date.  I'm normally not into overpriced, trendy, fusion places, but it's good to try every once in awhile.  Also, make reservations well in advance.
What more can be said about this spot except to agree with everyone else.  I took a group of out of town folks here for a night to remember, and Buddakan did not let us down. Order meals family style and share with your group for a fun experience and way to try various dishes.   This place was also featured in the Sex and The City Movie for Carrie's rehearsal dinner.
its a monday night.. and Just came back from Buddakan....place was fairly empty by 6 and completely packed by 7 lots of corporate expense account types of crowd..no way there paying for this out of their own pocket...the drinks are awesome and worth the price...the food is parallel to pf changs and i think its overpriced...shrimp toast was shrimp paste wrapped around a shrimp fried..a dim sum portion for $13...too greasy.. lamb was $30 for three tiny lollipops of lamb.  had the tea marinated short rib which was very sweet and rich...the sausage fried rice had chinese sausage which was very finely priced alotof soysauce in the rice..fairly large portion of rice.. $11 ....the lychee drink is awesome $13 ...its a huge restaurant. im not really impressed by the interior..its more minimalist contemporary with high celings....wasnt impressed by the service....i would go back just for the drinks...
I've never been a fan of fusion food; cuisines are developed over thousands of years and taste a certain way for a reason, if you're gonna smash it together with something else... fine but the odds are stacked against you. I've wanted to try Buddakan for a while, given good reviews on food and the fact the space is beautiful. However I found both to be a bit lacking. The food is pretty blah: a calamari salad, frogs leg app were forgettable, glazed cod is the same thing they serve in every fusion asian resto, the peking duck was dry and bland (I've literally had comparable stuff from take out places), deserts of the chocolate mille fuille and 5 spice donuts were probably the highlight. The decor was very nice but I feel like some of the details are going by the way side in the wake of their success. The place has the feel of a disney theme restaurant, but the central room is still a mind blower, chances are you'll just be walking by it on the way to your back room table so it won't do you much good. This would be a great bday place or if you're with a huge crowd, the kitchen is a machine pumping out food so you can be sure everyone will get fed in time. But besides that you should leave it alone.
Nice place with some very special dishes while others not so special or over-spiced. I always recommend getting 1.5 orders of charred beef for every person at the table. In addition get an order of regular fried dumplings and general tso dumplings for every 3 people. Everything else is just "ok or good" enough to try once but why get that when you can have "great and excellent" food that will make you want to come back. I will steer you far away from the fried rice dishes, which are consistently over-salted and actually inedible. Their cocktails are over-priced crap but you come here for the charred beef and dumplings, which you can't get anywhere else. Waiters/waitresses are always very experienced and on the ball trying to make you have a great evening. If there is a problem, they don't become panicky like every typical restaurant, they get confident to make sure you will be satisfied.
Definitely recommended - atmosphere food and service were all top class. The crying chocolate was a great finish to the night. Will definitely be back to enjoy the bar before dining.
I am only giving a three star because the best part was the decor.  Drinks are not bad. The food was just OK. I was a bit disappointed. I should've just went to china town and order almost the samething for half the price! Plus the food from china town taste better.Their other location from philadelphia, pa is actually better! Drinks and food was great! They have a different menu.
It's just overpriced Asian-fusion in the has-been Meatpacking. Why was I there? Oh, come on. You know it wasn't my idea and you certainly know I wasn't footing the bill. The four of us sat down in the lush and cavernous interior to be greeted by a huge ass bird candle centerpiece. It was so big I couldn't see my friend, or the waitress who came over to chat with us. Pushy and rather annoying, she used a pedantic voice when explaining the "family style" approach at Buddakan and suggested at least four entrees and four appetizers to share. Normally I would have rolled my eyes at so much food, but because I wasn't paying, I enthusiastically concurred. I also insisted on ordering drinks. I went for the "Fate", which I felt like a moron ordering. However, the elderberry-pineapple-prosecco combo proved to be a delicious one. Throw elderberry in anything and I am a happy camper. My friend's play on a gin and tonic also won me over, but it was not so memorable that I can remember what it was called, or even what the "play" was. On with the apps! The duck and foie spring rolls were an interesting way to serve up such fatty and succulent delicacies; which is to say I can't believe anyone outside of wd~50 would fry foie. Passable at best. The pork belly, served dimdum style, was a bit stringy for my liking, and just not as rich as I prefer. You know, that fat should be so moist, but it was on the gummy side and tough to chew. The chili beef tartar was delish, but it's hard to ruin a tartar if you've got quality goods. And finally, we all loved the frog legs, wok sauteed and covered in a ginger sauce.By the time the appetizer plates were cleared away, we were all starting to feel it. Now it was time for four entrees? Oh god. First thing's first: Get rid of that fucking bird candle centerpiece -- which a waiter did, patronizingly asking me, "Do you want to bird to fly away? Say the word, say the word, this bird will fly away." Yes. Get rid of that fucking bird, asshole. Okay. Entree times. We tried to mix and match, but definitely went meat heavy, starting off with the short rib we had heard good things about. Thumbs up, but nothing too special. Next out was another meaty delight, this time the veal cheeks, prepared over lo-mein noodles with pickled apples. This entire dish was fantastic, and for the record, I had never had veal before. Unfortunately, I'll now be ordering veal cheeks. Oh, don't hate on me, I'm sure I won't be able to afford it anytime soon. We followed the heavy meat dishes with rice with Chinese sausage, which was a pretty food fried rice, but at the end of the day, just fried rice. Hard to ruin. The pièce de résistance of dinner was the Three Crab Delight which blew our minds. The most delicate and sweet pieces of crab were served over more crab on top of crab. I can't explain to you how wonderful it was: I tried to hawk most of it but was soon overthrown by the other half of the table. So by this point we were ready for a trip to the vomitorium, but no, we went for dessert, which were all actually phenomenal. The highlights were  my blueberry tart served with mouthwatering corn (yes, corn) ice cream. Also a big winner were hot, fresh donuts with ginger ice cream. Clearly I am a sucker for kooky ice creams. The chocolate thing was also good, but I am over chocolate, and the other dessert was some thick white something covered in meringue. Eh, I can take or leave meringue. All in all, the food was pretty good. You know, give me a yummy cocktail and throw down some gourmet offerings like foie and crab and pork belly and I'll be smiling no matter what. But! I have had much, much better without all the pretense, without the attitude, and without the lame bridge and tunnel crowd. Sorry, Buddakan. Meatpacking is offish over.
Buddakan was GREAT. It can get pretty crowded, but not in a claustrophobic way, so definitely make a reservation. Despite everything, the reception staff and managers really went to great lengths to help my group with all our requests. Our server, Jordan, was also really attentive. Food-wise, there are some must-try dishes, and some other ones to skip over. The Scallion Pancakes were good, together with the Carrot Dumplings (interesting mushroom filling, better than the highly acclaimed Edamame Dumplings). The Peking Duck was a good choice, so was the Char Sui Roast Pork and the meat dishes. I would give the Alaskan Black Cod a miss though. It turned cold quickly and wasn't very flavorful. I would also skip the Rice dishes and Asian Green Stir Fry - definitely not Buddakan's strengths. Dessert-wise, try the Clementine Cloud and the Crying Chocolate. Clementine Cloud comes with a variety of light desserts that was a good end to the dinner, and the Chocolate was designed beautifully, tasted pretty good too. The Chocolate Sesame Fondant is pretty dense, so get that as a sharing plate. All in all, a wonderful experience. Go for the slightly pricier items, they really are worth the occasional splurge.
Decent azn fuzion.  I don't think I would eat here everyday or even once a year but I am glad I tried it.  Its better than Asia De Cuba.  Asia De Cuba suxors.
Cool atmosphere. Outstanding service. Superior drinks. Melt in your mouth food (I didn't even get past the appetizers). Desserts to satisfy your sweet tooth. Buddakan.
Don't judge this place by the exterior...grab drinks before dinner in the lounge but make sure you sit downstairs in the incredible dining room to get the full experience. Took awhile to be seated but it was worth the wait - the food was great! Couldn't get enough of the rock shrimp.
great ambiance .Loved the dinner and dessert.Just the service is a lil slow
This place was incredible! Food was amazing, as was the service and the atmosphere! For me, it also made me giddy that it was in the Sex and the City Movie (the rehearsal dinner scene). We went here for my friend's 30th birthday and had a total blast. The food is definitely made for sharing. And although the portions are small, they were very filling. The Taro Puff Lollipops were amazing as was the wok-tossed tofu and broccoli. Everyone (all 12 of us) really enjoyed everything they ordered. Plus, we brought in cupcakes for our friend's birthday. Not only did our waiter serve them to us, they put them on special plates and made a special happy birthday decoration for our friend. Really above and beyond! They also stored his birthday present and brought it out with the cupcakes. I have honestly never seen a restaurant do this. Our server was really awesome! And, in general, the restaurant was beautiful. You must walk around when you go. Two not so great things: one bathroom with three stalls. Be prepared to wait. This trendy restaurant tends to attract some snobby people-including 20 15 year olds who were asking "love your dress, who's the designer?" while in line for the bathroom. Yikes!And although this restaurant can get pricey, it was delicious and well worth it!
AMAZING! Everything was delicious. The Edamame dumplings are out of this world. The Crispy chicken and the chilean sea bass. It was AMAZING
We came in on a Friday night around 10:30pm with no reservation.  We sat at the bar and ordered mojitos (excellent) and rock shrimp appetizer.  The drinks, music, and decor all created a great vibe.  We decided to put our names in for a reservation and told it would be around 12:30pm.  They ended up seating us is about an hour.  Overall great experience!
When I tried this overpriced, Americanized Chinese restaurant, that puts out food of quality somewhere between PF Changs and Tao, I kept wondering to myself who would want to be a regular here, who would want to schedule a special event here.The answer (as provided ad nauseum through Showtime reruns):  the Sex and the City Girls for Carrie's Wedding.  I am still convinced that Carrie got jilted not because the redhead told Mr. Big that married life is hell but because Mr. Big's meal here disagreed with him.  No sympathy for him - with all the money and time he had as a stay at home hedge fund husband, he could've gotten on yelp to find something better.
I love Buddakan! I come here every year for my birthday among many other times. Its simply beautiful and the food is great. I always try something different and so far everything is great! I recommend everything on the menu!  Great drink menu too!
Gorgeous and swanky, delicious cocktails, fabulous food.  We made a reservation on OpenTable and were seated right away despite the crowd.  We sampled many delicious items, and my favorite was the edamame dumplings...perfection!  Our server was top-notch, very well-versed on the menu and gave us great recommendations.  There are so many wonderful places to try when in NYC but this is one to definitely put on the list!
Ok food, very loud place, edamame dumplings are probably the best, and the wine is okay.
I felt like a vegan queen. Went with a large group and we had the chef's tasting menu. Upon telling the waitress about my vegan diet, she cheerfully said they could accomodate. They brought dish after delicious dish made specifically for me, while the rest of the table enjoyed a more carnivorous menu. Everyone couldn't stop talking about the food, ambiance, and staff. I was blown away.
I like Buddakan!  I'll be honest, I didn't think everything was amazing but I really enjoy the ambience.  The edamame dumpling was so yummy!  They were so tiny though!  I'd go back just to eat that!  :)
It is very rare that I deduct a star for a restaurant as good as Buddakan; however, it is worth noting that the food here is mega rich. We had to wrap up more than half our meal.Food reviews:Edamame dumplings: The edamame paste was so unbelievably dense and creamy that I assumed foie gras had been mixed into it. Don't try to eat it in one bite, no matter how small it looks! Interesting flavor, but I wasn't crazy about them.Sizzling short ribs: MEAT. No sauce. Very hearty and flavorful. Huge hunk of meat. This dish also comes with very delicious udon noodles.Scallion Pancakes: My FAVORITE PART OF THE MEAL. Delicious and tender beef atop a flaky flapjack. Order it!King Crab Hot Pot: Really fresh crab, tender and delicious. You add a mix of herbs and rice, and let is steep for a few moments before eating.Creme brulee: Yummy, with a beautiful caramelized crust (as it should be!) I was not a huge fan of the ginger sauce, but luckily, it came on the side and I was able to avoid blending it with the ice cream.Chocolate mille feuille: I was expecting delicious chocolate here: not what I got. The chocolate sponge cake is totally flavorless and relies on a heavier chocolate mousse for taste. The avocado is just that: avocado mixed with a bit of butter and squeezed from a bottle into thin lines. Not great, and kind of kitschy to rely on that kind of novelty.DRINKS:Order the "Fate" cocktail! A mix of elderberry, pineapple juice, and prosecco, this was one of the most awesome drinks I've ever tasted. Two of them were enough to make me blissful.Visit Buddakan, but don't let your eyes swell larger than your stomach :-)
I can't think of too much positive to say about Buddakan, except maybe the drinks.  The food was so uninspiring and the portion size was offensive.  The food wasn't bad, but it was nowhere near as good as what you pay.  Along with that, I went to the restroom and it looked like a gas station bathroom.  It was atrocious.. Completely unacceptable.  I was shocked.The ambiance is nice, if you are into a pretty setting with a bunch of tourists around you.I was so disappointed.
OMG absolutely amazing, i love love love love this place. I had a fish dish that tasted so amazing, the fish was so delicate it were like i was eating a cloud it was so moist and delicious.. this is a NYC must!!!
Came here for some tasty dinner with family. I'm definitely not cool enough for this place, serious. When it says "Dressy" it means "Wear your newest dress."The food was fantastic! I had the edamame dumplings, as so many people recommended. They were delicious. Mm so tasty and rich. The rock shrimp or whatever was AMAZING. Spicy buttery hot sauce with some crunch shrimp is a win win for me. The vegetable rice with coconut foam was super yummy to me, but alas my partner in crime was not so fond of it. To each their own.My chicken was yummy. The sweet and sour sauce, it was sweet! and sour! The service was ok, obviously unimpressed with our total lack of cool. Food comes out "family style" for some dishes and personal for others.
LOVE IT! Please open a restaurant here in LA so I don't have to fly to NYC to get your Edamame dumplings....Also, just a tip...we received 5 dumplings...I recommend making it an even number, like 6. I'll def be back, fantastic food and service.
Another one of the typical trendy Asian fusion spots.  Out of towners love coming here.  I love the tuna tartare  and  edamame dumplings here and the lychee martini.  I've also been here for late night drinkies and partying and had  solid time.
My boyfriend and I visited New York during Labor Day weekend and Buddakan was recommended by our hotel. We tried a little too late to get a dinner reservation on a Saturday night but decided to go there any ways. We immediately found a seat in the cocktail lounge and decided to eat dinner there. The food was AMAZING!!! I can honestly say I think that it was the best food I've ever had!! Neither of us could stop eating! I had the lamb chops while my boyfriend had the filet. We ordered the chinese sausage rice and green beans on the side. The only thing that was bit annoying was our waitress was pushy. She kept asking us if we wanted another drink when we still had at least half of our current drink left. It also took a while for her to bring our drinks once we ordered them. Regardless of the flaw with the waitstaff, I definitely recommend this place for the food. SOO GOOD!
Go here to see and be see. The decor in this place is over the top. Definitely a must see. Get there early to have drinks in the lounge! I recall the food being delicious and intricate. Pricey but definitely what you would expect at a restaurant of this caliber. If are in the neighborhood stop by and check it out by at least having a drink at the bar.
[3.5 stars]I came here for my roommate's birthday dinner last year before I watched Sex and the City: The Movie so I didn't know what to expect, really. The funny thing is, I used to go to a club right across the street from Buddakan but never knew it was there. It looks like a huge dark warehouse or something at first glance--you would never know this beautiful restaurant was hidden inside.The inside is as stunning as it seems in the movie. High ceilings in the main room, eclectic everywhere else; the atmostphere is great. We were seated upstairs, away from the main room with the huge multi-party table. My roommate wanted to sit in the main room, however, so we asked and they immediately offered us this perfect little table in the main room. The service and aura was great but the food was average. As a friend put it, it was sort of like "upscale chinese take-out." Sadly, I'd have to agree. We ordered a variety of dishes and they all were reminiscent of just regular take-out Asian food--sans all the MSG and grease. However, when they brought the birthday girl's dessert, it had "Happy Birthday" written on the plate with chocolate and we didn't even ask!SATC: The Movie displays this restaurant beautifully and I do recommend you try it out. The food was definitely tasty but nothing special. Also, my friend and I almost walked into the men's bathroom because it is VERY dark in the hallway leading to the restroom and you can't really tell which is which. Eep!
Good food, great music, chic space, lots of people watching. The place to go, when you're in the mood to dance but don't want to deal with the hassle. The food and drinks are good enough that I don't mind having dinner there.
Cocktails were good. But the service did not live up to its reputation. I ordered plain white rice but it never showed up. I don't know how one can possibly think this place is a 5-star restaurant. In terms of dishes, they are overpriced for the quality. I honestly think that I can make better food at home. Further, it is too loud, I could hardly hear our own conversation. There need to be more space between the tables, given that the place is gigantic. I would not go there again.
Outstanding atmosphere, drinks and food.  The asian ribs rocked, seabass outstanding. Everything tasty enough to make your head explode.  Our waiter was snooty, but that's probably the norm in a restaurant such as this. My reviews are on food alone.  In and out quickly - huge place.
great dining room/atmosphere.great service.food was too greasy, not that good....highlights were short rib app, pepper steak.great desserts and drinks.prob wont return.
loved this place -- amazing decor, food, vibe. best place in ny
LOBSTER FRIED RICE.  That dish alone is reason enough to come to this place.  If you need more than that, try their outstanding desserts and their small plates.  I love this place.  Yummmers.
What can i say about this place that hasn't already been said.  It's awesome.  Have been here several times and was here with hubby on Sat. night for a date night. Want to keep coming back but alas, have to settle for date night specials.
I hosted my 23rd birthday dinner at Buddakan NYC. I had originally made reservations at Butter but backed out after they started imposing absurd price restrictions for groups. I called them on the Thursday before my Saturday dinner and got lucky as they had an opening for 15 people! The special events coordinator was so accomodating and made the planning process very easy, I was able to pre-select everything from their prix fixe menus and they let me add in substitutions from their a la carte menu.  When we first arrived, the lounge looked very crowded, but it was pretty spacious downstairs in the main sitting area. They seated us at the large communal table located in the center of the restaurant -- a swanky and fun atmosphere. This is where Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big's engagement party was filmed in the first SATC movie!! The restaurant was fairly busy as it was a Saturday night, but our staff was extremely friendly and attentive. The decor was fabulous and darkly lit with high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers. Dress code: Most girls were wearing dresses/skirts or jeans with heels and most guys were in slacks and a dress shirt. We started by having the specially created birthday cocktail! They began bringing out the food almost immediately after. Everything was served family style. For appetizers, we started with edamame dumplings, cantonese chicken and shrimp spring rolls, general tso's dumplings and a calamari salad. The edamame dumplings were fried but not too oily. The calamari salad had green apples, cashews and miso vinaigrette - perfect blend of flavors. The General tso dumplings were sweet and tangy, and dipped in a hot  sour broth. We were already pretty full from all the delicious appetizers when the main course started rolling out! For the entrees, we had:1. sizzling short ribs - they were cooked how I like them (well done), not too dry, not too moist -- just right. 2. sweet  crispy jumbo shrimp - my guests said they were delicious, I'm allergic so I can't comment on the shrimp. 3. shacha 5-spice barbeque chicken - the bbq chicken was tender, moist, mildly spicy and paired well with the lo mein and vegetable rice. 4. hot  sour scallops with sweet corn, tofu  black mushrooms - the scallops were yum!5. minced pork lo mein and vegetable (side) - great lo mein, wasn't greasy, and it served as the perfect side6. vegetable rice with coconut curry foam - rice with coconut curry, standard thai combination, it was deliciousMy favorites were the chicken, scallops and lo mein.They gave us 3 chef-selected desserts:1. golden carrot cake with black raisin plum sauce and caramelized cream cheese2. "crying chocolate" malted white chocolate ganache with a side of jasmine tea ice cream3. peanut butter bar with char siu peanuts, sweet and sour cherry sauce, and horlicksI can't decide on a favorite dessert because they were all to-die-for!Overall, the planning process was smooth and stress-free, the service was impeccable, and most importantly, the food was AMAZING. I can't think of a single con so I give Buddakan NYC 5 stars! The event was fantastic!
There's more than enough reviews of this on here, but I figured I'd add another. I've been here for both a private event and dinner and I can't get enough of it. The space is absolutely gorgeous and it will be a huge fit with out of town guests from LA or Vegas. Every item on the menu is carefully put together and I never found a single one that was disappointing. Try the scallops!
Gorgeous spot.  This is one of the few places that actually looks better than its photos.   Went after work for a drink and appetizers.   The service at the bar and at our table was fantastic.  The edamame dumplings were super yummy and I'm dying to go back and try more from the menu.   Great date spot or anytime you want to impress.
It's been months since I've been able to get back here but I'm still dreaming about the Edamame dumplings......
I ate there twice so far and enjoyed each time. I enjoyed the full long table for reception and the wall size painting behind it and followed by the heavy black screen doors which reminded me of entering some kind of emperor's living quarters in China. And the decore is modern with a touch of medieval feel to it.  Which is kind of unexpected at a Asian place.First time I sat downstairs in one of the comfy boothlike arrangements along the wall.  Second time we sat at the table across from the bar/lounge area.  I have to say the stairs leading down to the dinning area following by the long table in the middle of the room really makes a grand statement. (I went there before the SATC movie but i can see why they had Carrie do her wedding rehersal there, it's the perfect table)The place is great for a date or taking your cousins from out of town for dinner.  Food was i would say 3.5/5.0 stars. It was pretty generic contemporary twist mundane Asian dishes with a couple of good ones.  I kind of equate this place with Tao, so if you order something similar to what you would order at Tao it will taste great. Drinks are fantastic, which is always a plus and why I'm giving it 4 starsI enjoy the decor and the atomesphere very much, although you do have to talk a bit louder to have a decent conversation. But all and all a checklist worthy place for everyone visiting or living in City
I only have two Gaysians.  That makes me Gaysian poor, by New York standards, especially since one of my Gaysians moved home to San Francisco (the ancestral homeland of the Gaysian).  Anyway, my San Francisco Gaysian is a close friend.  So when he came back to New York, we hung out quite a bit, including a dinner with a decent sized group at Buddakan.So normally if a restaurant is above average in every way except one, I will make sure to mention that one point last, because I know that my reviews are ridiculously long, and virtually nobody reads them in their entirety.  This flaw was so inexcusable, however, that I feel like it needs to be mentioned front and center.  The appetizers, entrees, desserts, wine, and our waitress were all four star quality.  I'm not going to knock off a star for this, but they say that dessert is the course that can ruin a restaurant, because it is the last thing that the customer remembers.  This was true for me at Buddakan, but not for the taste.  The bus boy took my plate, which had chocolate syrup on the edge, and swiped it across my shirt as he cleared it.  I don't know if he noticed it or not, but he certainly didn't apologize.  I couldn't give a crap about the shirt, but a restaurant that is supposed to be upscale...  Well let's just say that I would rather have a meal that was mediocre from start to finish than have a meal where attention was paid to almost every facet, and then one detail was just totally butchered.  Buddakan: Hire decent busboys!Anyway, I usually try to mention in my reviews the exact items that I tried, but our party had about six or seven entrees and about four or five appetizers.  Plus I think that every one of us had dessert.  I would say that the dessert was simultaneously the most disappointing and spectacular (not even counting the chocolate streak on my shirt).  This is because the presentation was borderline museum quality, while the taste of the dessert was fairly bland, with the exception of the ice cream that they included a little scoop of.I'm not an expert in Asian cuisine.  So I don't know what things were, but I had some sort of boneless spare rib that was out of this world (tender and tasty).  I had something that was like a small, chewy fajita shaped thing with maybe pork or something to fold inside of it.  That was excellent, too.  The fried rice was great.  The seafood dishes were very popular with my friends who eat seafood.  I don't remember a single appetizer or entree getting a single negative (or even mediocre) reaction from anyone.  The dessert being a little boring, flavor-wise, was the worst thing that I could say about the food.Our waitress was absolutely awesome, too.  She was very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive; but still unobtrusive.  Actually, the waitress was probably five stars.  The food was a solid four stars.  The atmosphere, etc. was probably four to five stars.  It was really just the careless busboy that made part of me want to drop this rating to a three star rating.  There are plenty of unemployed people looking for jobs right now.  It shouldn't be that hard to find one with just a tiny amount of work ethic (or at least etiquette) to hire as a bus boy.
Budddakan is a solid option with really good food and a scene-y atmosphere.The service was not stellar, which was surprising. The food was great though, and I left insanely stuffed. Here's my take on some of the dishes:Cantonese Spring Rolls shrimp, chicken - simple, good, but not exceptionalEdamame Dumplings shallot-sauternes broth  - I did not love the paste-like texture of the dumpling filling, but the flavor was good Szechuan Pork Dumplings chili-soy broth  - very good, solid addition to an orderGeneral Tso's Dumplings chicken, hot  sour broth    - super delicious - you must order these. Peking Duck Salad frisée, poached egg, sherry vinaigrette   - good light dish that stands out as different on their menu Scallion Pancakes braised beef short rib, green apple  - the shredded short rib was not that excellent, but the ensemble was really interesting and it worked all togetherChili Rock Shrimp toasted ginger  - absolutely fabulous - very lightly fried and the sauce is excellent - a definite must order... Black Pepper Beef wok tossed rib eye, crispy bird's nest     - very flavorful and delicious. There was a good amount of spice - it was one of the more intense dishes in terms of flavor, but it is definitely on the heavier side. King Crab Hot Pot scallops, shrimp crackers - this dish did not impress me. I find that really well done scallops are excellent, but most of the time, they are just mediocre - and that's what this dish is. Broken Chili Chicken chinese pepper, thai basil - good, but not overly original Shacha Chicken 5-spice barbeque  - very flavorful and lightly fried.  Might be my favorite dish Vegetable Rice coconut curry foam - very interesting textures and great flavor. I definitely recommend this dish
Amazing!! Went with a large group and did the tasting menu (I believe it was the mid-range priced menu). Everything was delicious. Loved the tuna tartare spring rolls, the rock shrimp, etc. You are allowed to swap in different appetizers if you prefer something else. There was more than enough food to go around. Highly recommend!!!
Wow, for starters, i typically do not like fusion food, especially when served tapas style. just never been a fan of this type of food. buddakan is a rare exception i must say. to start, the ambiance gets a soaring 5 star rating. easily the most grand entrance/dining setup i've seen in a long while. the place is HUGE, and very well decorated with nice loungy background music. service staff was excellent and very attentive. and most importantly, the food was simply delicious. everything we ordered was good - vege stir fry, string beans, cod, branzino, short ribs, beef loin, apptizer platter, the list goes on (we ordered quite a bit of food). In general, the food here was just awesome and very well presented. i'd come back in a flash, and once again, from a tapas, asian fusion food hater, i'm giving this place a rarely issued 5 star!
Wayyyyy overrated but it's still good food. I would say it's nothing special, but the space is enormous and swanky, making it a good date place. It's probably quite fun to drink there, but it's expensive to get really loaded at a place like this. The bar area is right out of Sex and the City, which is either a good thing or a bad thing depending on your preference. It's fine for me as a once in awhile thing.bottomline, it's a fun place to check out for the scene, but don't go there just for the food if trendy, swanky places aren't your thing at all, even for a special night out. You will probably leave disappointed at the food and probably annoyed at the types of people you will be around.
You might remember this place from the first Sex  The City Movie where Carrie and Mr. Big host their rehearsal dinner or where Carrie asks Mr. Big for her "last single girl's kiss". This was one of the stops on the Sex  The City tour, mesmerized by the decor we decided to make reservations for later that evening. Because we were on the tour we received a coupon for a Cosmo with a purchase of an appetizer. Dressed in labels and fun we arrived to the restaurant, our table was not ready yet we were directed to wait in the lounge area where we had some drinks. The lighting was very very dim (it was kind of annoying, reason for not earning the 5th star), the waitress found us among the sea of single women and walked us to our table, conveniently situated next the long table that appeared in the movie. We ordered 3 appetizers (lobster eggs rolls, edamame dumplings, vegetable dumplings) we also ordered vegetable fried rice with a coconut curry sauce. The food was irresistibly amazing! Dessert we shared the chocolate peanut butter bombe, to die for! The place is great, the epitome of New York chic. We overheard someone talking about Miami being the next home for Buddakan, I am crossing my fingers, legs, and toes that there is truth to that!
Excellent food, the Prix Fixe menu being served just kept coming with delicious food, all the way down to dessert. Service was excellent and teh ambiance wa superb, so far one of the best restaurants I've been to. Most definitely will come back, many  times I hope.
I think the Yelp community might be a little blind sighted by the decor to actually rate the food.I'm split right down the middle on this one. While the place is absolutely beautiful. The enormity of the sq footage alone takes your breath away. New Yorkers are not used to seeing such a large space without laser lights and sweaty bodies bouncing off of them. This immediately gets an awe struck acceptance.   Apparently enough to dim the other senses.I understand their aim for original cuisine, but I think they bypassed aim and cannon balled straight to "original".  I was not impressed with the food. I was definitely impressed with the descriptions however.  They must have Musto writing their menus...all talk, no depth....point....  Some dark chocolate mouse, avocado, banana thing. Sounded too cool to pass up.It arrives and it's one of those plates that ought to be hanging alongside Pollack. Too beautiful and delicated to dig into. But of course for $14 you do. Forks however do not break up the juxtaposition. You'll have to pick apart each individual sheet  manually. It doesn't melt or crumple or water ones mouth like it's supposed to. It's definitely fun to sit with a group and decipher and deconstruct.You see avocado, but taste banana...bummer...I was really excited to see how they were going to incorportate avocado. I can go on and on about the randomness of this dish, but I'll stop. It's a food to play with, not digest.The main courses were -fine-. Nobody was particularly overwhelmed with joy, but again the constructs blinds you from ever realizing.I love that you can get dressed up. My leg was broken at the time though and I hopped in, in sneakers and jeans (and crutches) and didn't feel snubbed on. The servers were all very friendly. Upscale, but not upturned noses. I would come back to impress people and try these edemame dumplings I keep reading about, but I'll always be a Highline girl.
Well now that I have actually set food in the ultra-trendy venue that serves delicious Asian food, I can say for myself that it is pretty hot.  All of the dishes we ordered were pretty much worth the money - and there is a large selection of things to choose from on the menu.  The only thing that tainted our personal experiences was the brusque attitude of our waiter.  He just seemed to hate us, though I don't know why since we weren't the least bit rude and we did order most of his suggestions (His highest recommendation was the Charred Beef entree which came cut in big medium rare chunks with a rich butter sauce to dribble all over it.  I think it was my favorite thing).  So yeah, the waiter's 'tude kind of put a damper on the evening, but the food is so good and the decor is so pretty that i still will tell you all to go there so you can feel special on your special occasion.  Unless you're rich and every weekend is a special occasion.  Then, go there immediately too. Other food we ate: Apps:1. Tuna tartare in crispy cannoli like shells - really good.2. Crab shumai - good, but, honestly, I thought it was going to be better3. EDAMAME DUMPLINGS - ohsogood.  Get them!  RIch and different!Entrees:1. Crispy Shrimp - I didn't like too much; the crisp was too skin/shell like2. Charred Beef - my favorite thing of the night, next to edam. dumplings3. Sweet and Sour Chicken - good, but you've had something like it beforeSide: 1. Lobster Fried Rice - Big chunks of lobster, flavorful; good choice.Dessert: 1. Crying Chocolate - their version of a molten chocolate cake.  Comes with coffee ice cream. Very good, not super amazing; portion small, you won't want to share; visually stimulating though.So that's the night at Buddakan.  In addition, the bartender suggested a drink called Fate.  It was good but now I forget why - obviously, not memorable, then.  Good, but I think I enjoy the Spice Market ambience more - though the food there isn't as good.  And that's all I have to say about that.SEEN IN:  "Sex and the City," the movie.  Carrie and Big have their rehearsal dinner there the night before the wedding and Miranda tells Big she doesn't know WHY anyone gets married...oooh no she didn't!
Not really my cup of tea... first off its extremely dark in there, second the food wasnt anything worth talking about, third the Sake was really good...lolI'm really into the appearance of a location and if the place is too dark, and i'm not at a freaking club- i'm totally turned off. In my opinion there are better restaurants out there-so keep searching!Now you officially have the Supreme Touch!
Things I loved :)1) lovely lovely lovely decor2) romantic dim lightening3) blackened cod (entree) 4) boneless ribs (SOO YUMMMY !! everyone should try!) 5) tuna tartare spring roll (I am not a fan of tartare, but this was good. plus   tuna tartare inside the crunchy spring roll was something different) 6) food were served family style. CONS :(1) lobster fried rice --too mundane2) it was too LOUD to converse easily. I actually never been to any fancy restaurants this loud with mostly white people (tho this is a chinese fusion restaurant) . But I guess it adds to the family-like atmosphere :) 3) oh and this steak that my friend ordered wasn't too great. it was cold, and mundane.. but it wasn't anything the waiter recommended so...I would so visit here again
Like far too many things in life this place started out amazing and ended up disappointing. Like getting a shiny new penny and realizing that it can't buy you anything. Or a great first date and not another phone call... I digress. The space is beautiful and massive. The decor was a little confused as it blends Renaissance art with Thai statues and food. Somehow it worked. My mind and palate were set for what friends had been raving about. One of the reasons I made the massive drive up from DC...We're seated quickly, and I order a St. Germaine and sprite.  I'm feeling good about the initial service and decor....  Everyone was happy with their drinks (less a really light poor of wine).  Alas that was the end of the wonder of the shiny Buddhakan penny. The salad was dripping in dressing making it virtually inedible. I don't think that anyone was happy with their appetizer, though some people were less disappointed than others.  The "entrees" were no better.  The sizes were tiny, the food was not good... Oh and the bill.... Now, I'm not a big spender, and I know this.  But I don't mind shelling out a good chunk of hard-earned money when the food was either amazing, or at least satisfyingly filling.  This was neither.  For the amount of food and the quality of food, I shouldn't have paid half as much as I did.  Soooo disappointing.  If I were to come back it would only be for drinks, I wouldn't give them money for food again!
Actual conversation with a friend coming to NY to visit:Adam: I am going to take you guys to Buddakan tonight. It's a delicious Chinese restaurant. I guess it's like Asian fusion, whatever that means.Friend: Is it like P.F. Chang's?Adam: It's P.F. Chang's on steroids.That's pretty much the best way to describe. Anything you order here will be delicious. I generally go with the scallops (I actually received 1 or 2 more in Atlantic City location), but the best item on the menu is the crab (or lobster) rice. I am tempted to order this on its own every time I go.I've also had the shrimp appetizer (amazing), spare ribs appetizer (amazing), pork tenderloin (amazing)....you get my drift.If you're going on a weekend, make a res or expect to eat in the lounge.
This is off the basis of visiting Buddakan twice.  Once it was a 5 star experience, the other time, a 0 star experience.Let me talk about the initial experience first.Me and a friend were stressing out over school, since it was midterm season at NYU, and we though to indulge ourselves and go to Il Mulino (thats how NYU kids cope with stress-turn to alcohol and fancy dinners), but, unfortunately even on a Tuesday we were unable to get reservations.  It was about 4:30pm,  so we decided to give Buddakan a call, and were able to get reservations for 8:45pm.  We got to their check in desk and were seated by 9pm.  The waiter came out promptly and we ordered drinks and appetizers.   I had a "Fever" and my friend ordered a Bay Breeze.  I would have opted for a manlier drink, but, I figure at a restaurant like this, the specialty cocktails would be fine.  At about 15 a piece, they arent cheap, and not especially strong.  I couldnt taste the Jalapeno at all, but it had a good pomegranate essence.  I pounded it, and had the "Lush" drink next.  It was significantly stronger, and arrived at the same time appetizers did.    We had...Edamame Dumplings-amazing.  I had never had anything so delicate, so evangelical in my mouth (giggity), and they seemed to be levitating on top of the broth.  Beautifully presented, albeit a little hard to eat, due to the fact that they are so soft.  Picking up with chopsticks almost assured that they would be stabbed, and try eating them in multiple bites without mutilating them.  haha.   Lobster Egg Rolls-came with 3 in our order.  Solid, fresh, warm, thick chunks of lobster, and delicious.Taro Lollipops--cool presentation, but overrated, IMHO.For the main course, my friend opted for the peking duck, while I had the Sweet and Sour chicken.  I am not a duck fan, but she seemed to really like it.  It was a large portion of duck (and for $50, it better be), and she only finished about a quarter of it, after all those amazing appetizers.  My SSC was awesome, albeit a smaller portion.  Really well cooked white chicken breast, on top  of fresh vegatables and SnS sauce.  The star, however, was the side of vegetable rice we ordered.   OMFG.  Best rice I had ever had.  Tasted amazing, and had this great sauce with it.For dessert, we had  crying chocolate, and a specialty dessert cocktail that the waiter recommended to us.  The cocktail wasn't great (and was $17 --he didnt mention the price when he talked about it), extremely sweet.  The actual dessert was decadent, and having ice cream and chocolate cake balanced out perfectly.The bill came out to about $250 after tax and tip.Now for the horrible experience.  I wont make it super drawn out, but here it goes.We made the reservations about 3 weeks in advance, for a Saturday night birthday dinner for a party of 10 at 830 pm.  We got it,which was awesome.  Birthday girl had friends coming in from colleges out of the state, and had to get back that same night on the train, so it was crucial that we leave by 11pm, so they can catch the train back to CT.   We stressed this to them, and upon arriving they said our table would be ready by 9pm.  ok.  not good, but fine.   WE WERE NOT SEATED UNTIL 9:45PM!!!!!!!!  We were in the waiting room like idiots, while waiters pushed and shoved us to get out of their way, whispering rude remarks under their breaths, and downright yelling at us twice to get out of the way.  WE DO NOT WANT TO BE IN THE WAY!  WE SHOULDNT BE IN THE WAY!  WE SHOULD BE SEATED!!!!  The manager kept coming up to us and telling us that we were their priority group, etc.  Bull.  After an hour of being treated like cattle, they led us out of the waiting room down to the main dining room table....only to make us stand THERE awkwardly for 10 mins, watching people eat.  wtf?  Were they trying to clear out that area?  whatever.  We thought we were being seated. silly us.  We were led around the restaurant about 3 times, before being stuck at possibly THE WORST TABLE AT THE RESTAURANT. Situated between the bathroom and the kitchen doors, we saw clamors of waiters running in and out, hear them cursing and talking about tables, and toilets flushing.  FML.  Only table with that location, so maybe malicious move on their part.  They ID'd everyone, and waitress never came to check up on anything.  Also, one of the waiters slipped and fell going into the kitchen,  sending glass shattering all over the floor, and under out table.  There was also food that had fallen, which was now surrounding the table.  I started to think we were in some kind of hidden camera show, a la boiling points.  Two of the girls had to leave to catch the train back to CT BEFORE their food arrived, and waitress disregarded that, and told us to split it between us.  she knew of the time sensitivity.  Food was meh (I had the filet).  It all arrived at different times, which is Not ok.  Some people were finishing before others meals arrived.None of us will EVER return.
WOW... one of the best places we've been in NY thus far!  Not the cheapest but one of the best.  Overall had a wonderful experience.  Good drinks, good food, and excellent service!  Loved that our waiter was genuine and real and made wonderful suggestions!  We had the charbroiled steak, asian greens, Monkfish..  and the Almond bread pudding was one of the best desserts I've EVER had!
Absolutely fantastic, an awesome place and even better food.  The General Tsos Dumplings are out of this world.  If you haven't tried them, you haven't experience heaven in a dumpling.
best asian restaurant i've ever been to hands down....get the edamame dumplings and lobster fried rice!
The place is really nice but the food does not worth the price. Really expensive for an "untasty" meal ... lobster rolls are just filled with boiled lobster and cabbage ! not even a leave of herb or whatever that would bring flavor and I do not exactly remember what else we order (we were a party of 6) but after we left the place (definitely not full)  my husband had a burger once back at the hotel room ! $150 / couple for a meal that I do not even remember, it is expensive. We also had a french rose wine that was awful. Hopefully the place is really nice with a nice atmosphere. I would recommend this place as a bar but not as a restaurant.
Beautiful decor! The food is pretty good, highlights were the edamame dumplings, chili rock shrimp, and roasted pork. Great get together spot!
One of the better dining experiences in all of NYC.  The food is excellent, and totally price-worthy.  You will not break the bank dining here, for two.  It's an amazing combination.  Atmosphere and decor are top notch here.
Great ambiance.  I love the long table that's in the center of the restaurant on the bottom floor.  Drinks are regular high end bar/restaurant prices.  The food is delightful; the lobster fried rice stood out for me. Would go back if I had the opportunity.
great food and ambiance! everything we ordered off the menu was delicious . Some of the highlights of dinner were : pork buns, lobster fried rice , king crab in Singapore curry, rock shrimp, general tso's  dumplings , alaskan black cod and almond bread pudding
I really wanted to give you two or three stars, but you are just too pretty.It's a great place to go with your girlfriends and celebrate how trendy and lovely you can all be.  The food is okay, the drinks are stylish.So if you're entertaining guests or having a "sex  the city" evening (literally - a scene in the movie was filmed here I think), why not.fun fun fun.
This review is from my experience in Feb 2010.  Our waiter Pat was AWFUL.  We arrived on time for our 7pm reservation for a very special occasion.  Pat was very pushy and rude and commanded that we order our appetizers and entrees at the same time so he could turn our table for the next reservation...at this time there were only a few other tables seated in the whole house. We called the manager over and he was not receptive or apologetic. My friend's mom has never not tipped a server, but there was no way she was tipping this fat guy Pat on her BlackCard. The decor is awesome, the food was alright, but the staff at this place is so stuck-up and rude.
Their edamame dumplings are to die for~ Everything else was fine but it wasn't OMG considering the prices. Lobster fried rice was OK. When I go back, I think I'll just try all the different dumplings! Sexy atmosphere and good music. Definitely a place to try at least once in your lifetime.
Wow! I wasn't in the mood for a bar. But if I ever want to chill at one, this will be the spot. The decor is so beautiful. Lol. I hope the drinks are as good as the surroundings. =)
I only been to Buddakan once in Atlantic City. I never knew about it before. so, when i first walked in there and saw this huge Buddha statue and feel like "Wow, such a huge buddha" . It was amazing. but, after i ordered my food and started eating. i felt weird because "OMG, i am eating meat and drinking in front of buddha. he is watching . i should be eating vegeterian, now i am eating all these meat. such a guilt feeling started to build up." i am wondering, anyone feels the same way? or that is just me? buddha = vegetarian (no killing any life).
Arrived here around 12:30am to meet a group of people. I didn't eat but the food smelled and looked amazing. Stayed here for about an hour or so and had a few drinks which were awesome.The decor here is so ridiculously elegant and modern I just wanted to sit there all night. No bouncers which make the place super classy to me. We ordered desert with our party--out of this world. The chocolate mille feuille is to die for. The spiced doughnuts are delicious as well. Crying chocolate was meh--i've had better chocolate lava cake.
I cant rave about this place enough! The best Asian Fusion dining ever. I loved everything I tried on the menu! Whenever we are in NY we are sure to eat here!
I would definitely argue that Buddakan is overpriced for mediocre food.Had the short rib, it was more or less flavorless.  Also, our table ordered the lamb- it was underwhelming.Also, the service was terrible- our waitress was M.I.A for stretches of 10 min. or more at a time- completely unacceptable for such a purportedly nice restaurant.  I might come back for a drink at the bar, but that is about it.
Let me put forward that the edamame dumplings may be the best appetizer ever. Ditto for the corn. In fact, their dumplings are so damn good that I honestly can't remember the rest of the meal, although I do remember that it was great. They have a good, global wine selection and some tasty cocktails. All of this is  yours if you're willing to pay, but honestly if you're going to Buddakan money isn't really an issue.Oh and besides the Sex in the city reference, Dale from Top Chef works/ed here!
WoW!  Love it! Great Place, Where should I start, hmm.. oh yess. The decor, staff, and most importantly 'The Food' are all absolutely exquisite. Beautiful people and sooo much delicious food to choice from, you must try. Two Spoons Up!
service is very good,joe and Jesse was very helpful at the store Queens BLVD,love all my shades and verical.
Talk about one of those truely unique kind of restaurants. The design of this place is just awesome. When we first arrived I was a little disappointed to find out we still had to wait 30min for our table despite having reservations for 11:00pm!! But I quickly forgot about the delay as soon as I ordered my martini at the bar area...I had the Lush which was amazing!!! So finally we got seated but again had to wait quite some time before our waitor came to greet us. For apps were ordered the tuna tartare, the jade shrimp dumplings, and the yellowtail yu sheng. The tuna tartare was by far my favorite, you absolutely must try it. Just a warning though all the apps are teeny tiny, so definitely order more than one! For my meal I had the black pepper beef, which was good but not nearly as good as the appetizers. We also shared the lobster fried rice...do yourself a favor and order the lobster fried rice, its the best! The only reason I did not give this place the full 5 stars is because our waitor seemed grouchy. If I am paying this much for a dinner the least you can do is fake a smile!
Buddakan is always very busy.  Sometimes, you might not get through to someone on the hone, until you call a few times.  I went here about two years ago, for a work party and it was OK.  But, I defiantly prefer coming here, without a large group. I went here over the weekend, with a friend and everything was top notch.  I had to wait a little bit, for my reservation, but considering how busy they were I was happy to get seated when I did.
Order the duck!! Delicious :)Great ambiance too.  Definitely call for reservations the day before.
One of my favorite spots to go for dinner on a Friday night with friends.  I love coming here with a group and sitting in the gorgeous main dining space.  The food is consistently fantastic, the service is spot-on, and the cocktail menu is amazing!  I often come here and take out of town friends and family and they always love it.
Hip, Hop hooray.... Just my style.  After traveling for a week on the east coast, hitting up small local places with greasy food, I was desperately looking forward to a nice dinner with some style, I found it!  Starting at Chelsea pier, we walked the elevated park down to the restaurant.  What a spectacular view!   Entering Buddakan we immediately felt like we were in a Sex in the City movie.   We were sat almost right away, we walked through a huge dining room to a smaller area with exposed brick and beams with just the right amount of light.  There were 5 of us, so we decided to all order a dim sum, an entrée and dessert.   That's definitely the way to go.  We couldn't even come close to finishing it all, but it was a great way to try a nice selection of the food.  Everything from the veggie dumplings to the peanut udon noodles with lime sorbet were a piece of art.  All the food came out with an edge, it looked nothing like what you expected, which was a treat.   I had the banana fritters with the pistachio ice cream; it had an overwhelming orange flavor which was surprisingly delicious.  The best part of the experience was finding my new favorite drink, Citrus vodka with lemongrass juice and green tea... I'll be drinking these by the pool for the rest of the summer!
My dinner at Buddakan, or the day I realized I really am a food snob.So I went here with work as part of a big SATC night (silly yes, fun obv!) The place is gorgeous and you just feel like a celeb walking in. We ate at Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner table, the big long one in the center of the room down the stairs. The chandeliers were amazing-the room reminded me of Temple of doom meets Ikea or Gymboree. Weird I know, but between the elegant details of the walls, the fresco-like painting on the walls and the colorful abstract window sculptures, it's what came to me. The service was spectacular and the waiters were knowledgeable and friendly.But on to the food... here is where i realized my snobbery. From the room, the hype and knowing the cost of things - I was expecting to be amazed by the food. I wasn't. It wasn't bad, but I wasn't blown away. It reminded me very much of a Chain restaurant, much like a Ruby Foo's.We had the Edamame dumplings, which I see raves for on Yelp, but am wondering if these people enjoy baby food as well. The dumplings were filled with green pureed mush and the "Sauternes broth" did not taste of Sauternes at all and was, imho, a waste of a good dessert wine. The lobster egg rolls were decent- did not taste of mint though they were touted as such, and were no better than local delivery. The lobster meat was a little tough too; one bite and the filling was all hanging from my mouth while i still held the shell! The crispy calamari salad was delicious and would be something I would return for (and is the only food related reason for the 4th star) and the General Tso's Chicken dumplings were messy and kind of boring.I only had a few items from the sides we ordered as I was pretty full (and ok, getting a little tipsy - which sometimes kills the appetite) but the crab fried rice was gross - a little too fishy, and overloaded on coconut or something sweet-ish. The Sugar snap peas we tasty but not very impressive/innovative. I had the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp for my entree, and while it had interesting flavor, it also tasted like it was doused in the mayo sauce they use to make spicy tuna rolls, minus the spice, so it tasted like shrimp covered in sweet mayo. Nice flavor, strange texture - and once I think of seafood with mayo I get a little nauseous. I did get to meet Chef Dale (of top chef fame) which was cool, and while the food was well prepared (go Dale) it was really the structure of the dishes/menu that left me thinking Buddakan ought to stick to the less picky/more easily impressed metro areas, i.e. philly.A co-worker was a big fan of the beef dishes, and as I avoid those, I will defer to her, seems beef is their wheel house... but I still claim that Buddakan is overrated...Maybe I really am just a jaded foodie.
I went there 2 nights ago, took my best friend because someone recommand to me this place.first of all, the receptionist sent me anywhere inside, she said : ok u can go!i had to walk till downstairs, no waiters stopped me at all, to ask me what i was doing or if i needed anythingi had to ask 3times, and the waiters kept sending me to other waitersthe restaurant wasnt even busy15 later because i ask for someone, we got a table, but the service was very long, and the waiter didnt even clean our tableeven if the food and drinks was good, i was very upset about the service i gotI am a waitress too, in a simple bistro, and in my whole waitress life i never seen that everi will never recommande this place
Honestly.  I know this is supposed to be some hot spot but, it's so not. I preface this by also admitting that I'm not a fan of gigantic, in your face restaurants where the patrons all think they're Paris Hilton socialites when they're all really from the tristate suburbs.I only went for drinks so I can't comment on the food but, it doesn't seem like a place focused on food. Decor was a bit boring with black as the backdrop and not much else.Drinks were Delcious but around $15 each.  The screne: I was pulled into a conversation with a supposed "hedgefund owner" who couldn't comprehend what an structured derivative was.  Hmmm. Overall, unimpressed with decor, patrons and scene.   Drinks are A++ but there are so many cooler places to be.
I went there last night to celebrate a couple birthdays with friends and we had a GREAT experience! First we all had a few drinks at the bar while we were waiting for our entire party to arrive, and they were so yummy! I had 2 "Crave" prosecco cocktails, which were fantastic and strong. Perfect for a Monday night after a long weekend :)When everyone finally arrived we were seated, all 12 of us, at a perfect table downstairs next to the big dining room. It was nice and cozy and we had our own little area. We decided to just order a bunch of things served family style since we were such a large party. My favorites were the beef scallion pancakes, the edamame dumplings (very different, but delicious!), the lollipops (i forget what was in them, but they were bursting with flavor!) and the peking duck. Really, everything we ordered was fantastic. The calamari salad dressing was so yummy and the filet of beef was juicy and delicious. It was the perfect place for a dinner party, and they handled the big party very well! Our waiter did a great job keeping our wines glasses full and making sure we had enough food so that everyone could have a taste of every dish. I will definitely be back for another special occasion! The decor was beautiful, and since its so dark in there you really feel like you are in an alternate universe. Highly recommended!
Great chilling place. We did not eat here we just came for drinks and it was great. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and we're looking forward to going back for a meal. The service was great and the decor is very beautiful. I was so glad a friend of ours brought us here... we'll definitely be heading back there.
great food and AWESOME atmoshere... very cool place... we tried a bunch of different apps and dishes and all of them were specatular!!
Went to Buddakan for the first time with two friends. Yes.  it is a upscale, trendy and super expensive for a Chinese restaurant; however, Its food is really NOT that impressive.  We had four appetizers with raving reviews on Yelp, but disappointed with all four. Edamame dumpling was mushy and tasteless, Scallion Pancake was extremely salty, Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly was kind of fatty, Chili Rock Shrimp was popcorn shrimp with a fancy name.Our three Entrees fared much better than appetizers. Glazed Black Cod was tender and delicious. Shrimp Lobster Chow Fun was my favorite. For its $35 high price tag, It had decent number of fresh and large shrimps. The chow fun was very well made. Broken Chili Chicken was OK. Two Desserts we had, Crying Chocolate and Almond Bread Pudding, were with great presentation, but average taste.Overall, we give Buddakan 3 stars.
Situated in the corner of the Chelsea Market building, the space and scale of things is physically impressive. At over 17,000 sq. ft. and with a capacity for over 400 guests, it was not a shy venture.Appropriately, it has been divided into a collection of connecting spaces. There is a bar area with communal tables where diners choose from either a smaller bar menu or the full restaurant menu - which isn't really much more extensive. Numerous other darkly lit rooms host tables, but the main dining area is a sight to behold. In the middle of the entire layout, a doorway opens up to a cavernous room, with tables one floor below and the roof a floor higher than the main level. It is an incredibly ambitious space - complete with giant 40ft table in the centre - but somehow has been worked to conjure up a French-Asian royalty look, with rich maroon and gold colors. Eating downstairs must make one feel like being invited to dine at a palace.The atmosphere inside hums with a casual yet trendy energy, and the crowd is full of good looking, successful types and 'foodies' trying out the latest venture. More importantly, the Asian-inspired menu pulls off some impressively flavorful dishes. We ate at a communal table in the bar area that comfortably sat twelve people, a more relaxed way to dine amongst such regal settings. Notable were the Tuna Tartare dumplings, Lobster Dumplings with truffle soy, and the Sea Bass rolls with ginger. According to our waitress, the pastry chef is "an inspired man" (though she couldn't name him!), but we did not leave space in the end to confirm this. I do sense I will be back though.Overall, Buddakan offers an opulent dining experience and pleasing menu that tries hard to impress as much as the restaurant's presence does. However, you'll probably remember the experience more than the food itself.
We went on a Sex and the City Tour and stopped here because it was the place that Carrie and Big had the rehearsal dinner.  Once we took a quick look at the menu, we make reservations for the next night.  Not only is this place gorgeous but their food is amazing.  We had the duck - it was tender and the skin was delicately crispy.  The lobster rice was amazing - the rice was perfectly cooked and all the flavors left you wanting more.  The lobster chow fun was light and tasty - leaving you licking your plate.   This is a must visit in New York!! I wonder if they would deliver to SF??
Really great atosphere although super crowded.  Our waitress was very friendly and made excellent recommendations. We had the edamame dumpling, veggie dumpling, general tso dumpling and calamari salad for appitzers; all were outstanding but the edamame stood out above the rest. We also had the filet, monkfish, scallaps and a tofu dish for dinner. Again everything was fantastic. For dessert the chocolate peanut butter bomb was delicious.  We didn't think the noise level was bad but I did ask for a more inimate table. Overall I would highly recommend and would definitely come back.
Been there a few times and really enjoy it. each course is wonderful and the atmosphere is great.
Love the food. If you go try that whole fish.Tried it and loved it Also the atmosphere is great !! Def one of my favorite restaurants.
I had been so excited to try this place for my birthday celebration. We were all first timers and really impressed with the quality and presentation of the food for such a large restaurant. Everyone from the check-in desk to our server was warm and cordial. The appetizers were so delicious and so were the entrees. We left there very satisfied and paid a lot less than expected considering its location. Drinks were also well-made and enough for the money. On our way home we were already planning our next night there!
I had a great experience at buddakan. I Came here for a friend's bday. The food was delicious and the decor was nicely done. The server forgot my order when he brought out everyone's dinner  I sat there waiting for awhile assuming it would eventually come. Once I notified the staff about 20minutes later, they immediately brought out my dinner. The manager even came over to apologize  actually removed it from the bill. I cannot say enough about the food  service here! There were 8 of us  I enjoyed everything everyone ordered.
Beautiful place. Yuppie central. Awesome ambience. Good food.I hesitate to say great food because honestly it could be better. However, all dishes were tasty. The dessert on the other hand was spectacular!! The best carrot-ginger cake ever!!! The servings are on the small side so do order a dish or two more than you'd normally do. Service was fast bearing in the mind the size of this establishment. It is massive! Reservations are a good idea, but as some others have mentioned, they have several different rooms, so try requesting one that suits the occasion.Definitely worth a second visit. But I might try Ajna Bar instead (old Buddha Bar).
Beautiful Decor and ambiance, however the food did not complement the atmosphere. It was simply mediocre and not worth the price. The pork belly buns were good but did not compare to David Chang.
It took me a while to remember and find the name of this restaurant, but I enjoyed the food here. I enjoyed the tuna tartare spring rolls. Very nice place to go on a dinner date. (:
Definitely the best place to eat in Meatpacking! The service is always good, delicious food and a great atmosphere! I prefer to go there for business dinners, birthday parties and  romantic dates. Do not miss the dumplings and the crunchy shrimp!
Amazing food, nice drinks, nicer bartender. Expensive, but acceptable for the quality. It is nice to go all out every once and a while. Highly suggested: Jasmine Rice Shrimp Dumplings, Mandorian Pork Chops, and twice cooked green beans.
during my most recent jaunt to the big apple, i had the privilege of celebrating a dear girlfriend's bachelorette at buddakan, which was just another *nbd* moment seeing as her engagement soiree was at the point of view lounge atop the w hotel in dc, her bridal shower was in a private room at the carlyle hotel in nyc, and her wedding was in palm beach. (i know, i've stopped trying to figure out how much money i spent as i was present at every event.)let me start with the establishment itself. it's incredible that such an understated entrance leads into a (super cool) dungeon that has a bar and spiral staircase down into the bigger dining area. think the hogwarts dining hall for adults. yes, it's true, i got to eat at the very table where carrie bradshaw had her rehearsal dinner (youtube.com/watch?v=ZOGQ…), and yes, it was just that breathtaking.to start off (that's misleading as we spent the entire evening getting refills), we had the tranquility beverage:: citrus vodka paired with lemongrass-infused oolong tea. definitely tranquil..until about the fourth glass..then it's just all giggles. my affection towards the special beverage has since won me the nickname "quill" with the girls.get the edamame dumplings. the soft shells are penetrated with a shallot-sauternes broth that reminded me of shanghai's xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and warmed the cockles.we then shared the beef lettuce cups (with puffed rice and pickled tomato salad), steamed sea bass roll (with cabbage, ginger, and sizzling scallion oil), and minced pork lo mein (with pickled cucumbers and thai chilies). all very flavorful and held their own.of course, we couldn't leave without indulging in a couple desserts. the crying chocolate (with malted white ganache coffee ice cream) was beyond decadent and really demonstrated chocolate's aphrodisiac powers. berry cloud, on the other hand, was a strawberry-calamansi (but incorrectly spelled "kalamanzi" on their menu..boo!) sorbet with green tea and tickled the senses with its fresh and flirty tartness.all in all, an amazing experience, and the waitstaff is on point. i removed a star because it's awkward sitting at the large table with a first date going on (literally) beside you and a rollicking gaylebration (the studly men told me i could call it that) on the other side of your party. and i get it..we could've chosen *not* to sit at the large table..but that chair i sat in puts me at one degree of separation from charlotte! or stanford! or mr big! so i'm not complaining. yep, samantha's buttcheeks and mine could've indirectly touched. i'd be jealous, too. the removal of a star is also due the disappointing state of the restroom. toilet paper and paper towel strewn about..poor form.but still..if i can make a reservation FOR 1030pm and walk out on MY own terms at 3am..that's golden right there, folks. i'm positive buddakan has and will continue to provide for awesome memories to all who visit.
I'm not ashamed to say that Buddakan provided me with one of the best dinners of my life. In fact, I've been holding off giving any restaurant 5-stars until I wrote the review for this place.Oh, Buddakan. How I love you. Restaurant was gorgeous, plain and simple. Their great hall is really something to behold. We didn't sit there, but we marveled as we passed. Food was simple, elegant, and most of all, delicious. The edamame dumplings that everyone is raving about deserve all the praise. The filling was so smooth and light. It was light eating a cloud. We also had the lobster fried rice, the steak with mustard sauce, and the black cod. While the lobster fried rice and the steak were DELICIOUS, the black cod was to die for. I can't even explain. But every time I eat fish at another restaurant, I think longingly back to Buddakan's black cod. Yum. Just, so yum.The stars of the meal, though: DESSERT.Sweet Jesus, the dessert. We had the Crying Chocolate (melting chocolate ganache with jasmine tea ice cream), and the Almond Bread Pudding (with whiskey ice cream). Gorgeous too look at - but you won't be looking very long as you shovel them into your mouth. Try to continue to look classy as you do it, even though it'll be tough.Will definitely come back.Try it out yourself; thank me later.
Maybe because of all the hype this place got I was expecting more out of our dinner/experience.  I definitely love the cocktails/decor.  The food was not much to write home about though, everything was pretty salty.  If I ever go back I will try the edemame dumplings because thats what everyone seems to rave about.  Its very hard to give this place a superb rating because I have had chinese food that has tasted much better than what I had for half the price of what I paid.
If you are an atmosphere/interiors junkie you will have lots to absorb here. Beautiful main dining area from the famed SATC engagement party scene. The bar area gets crowded on weekends and is actually more fun than the restaurant unless you're with a group. Food is tasty (I recommend the lobster fried rice).
We arrived 10 mins late due to parking. We still waited standing for over an hour for our table. The waitstaff was polite and knowledgable of the menu. The waitstaff was not patient with us we felt rushed to order. Waitress came back to our table several times to ask if we were ready to order. The food came out as it was ready so it never seemed like we were all eating at the same time. The waitress never came back to ask us if everything was ok or if everyone received the correct order. There was also confusion on the part of the staff as to who ordered what?. Plates were placed at the center of the table for us to figure out. There was no sense of urgency we were celebrating a birthday and our birthday girl didn't feel special. I wanted to order another appetizer and I had to order it through one of the food runners delivering our food due to the waitress not being fully attentive to us. We ordered dessert and coffee when she finally came back around. Waitress never asked us how was our dinning experience so far. The dessert came our birthday girl did recieve a very nice dessert I didn't check on the bill if it was complimentary. The bill arrived before the final course did. It seemed like every employee that passed wanted the bill. I was asked on 4 different occasions by 4 different people if the bill was ready. We felt rushed once again. We paid our $600 plus bill and walked to the bathroom. Upon exiting the bathrooms we stopped for pictures at the large mural in the bathroom area. We had a man behind us the whole time I don't know if he was security. He kept saying "guys let's wrap this up and move you guys upstairs and to the exit" it could of been nothing but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. This man walked behind us all the way to the exit wich was kind of creepy people in my party were bothered by this. Overall we had a good time it is a very nice place and a great place to look at beautiful people. The food was not anything to die for I described it as glorified Chinese food. Slightly over priced. Glad it's over probably won't return here and I won't recommend it. I have been in the FB business I have worked at Le Cirque and for chef Daniel Boulud. Knowing the industry from the inside like I do I just feel there were to many no no's. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
Oh. My. Goodness. This meal was out of control. Boyfriend's dad and step-mom took us here last month for an absolutely fabulous dinner. We were joined by Boyfriend's sister, step-sister and her boyfriend, so the waitress offered us the option of getting one their three tasting menus. Overwhelmed by the thought of ordering the proper amount of food for the table ala carte, we opted to get the second tier tasting menu, which was $80 per person, plus an extra $15 for the additional peking duck course. This would have been plenty of food as it was, but we actually ended up getting two extra appetizers and a salad on the house. Boyfriend's dad has an epic sesame allergy, and there were three or four things on the standard menu that he couldn't eat. Instead of offering substitutions, or having a separate course for him, they the waitress actually brought enough of the extra dishes, (described as some of their "premium items"), for all of us! Talk about amazing service. She was also there every step of the way to make sure that he knew which dishes he could and could not eat. As for the food itself, I can't tell you the last time I was treated to such an endless parade of delicious and interesting dishes. Lists are boring, but everything on this one was really good: we got the taro lollipops, cantonese spring rolls, edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, beef lettuce cups, peking duck, peking duck salad, crispy calamari salad with green apple and cashew, chilled sesame udon noodles with lime sorbet, asian green stir fry, szechuan crusted rib eye steak, glazed Alaskan black cod, sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp, plus what was probably their entire dessert menu.I'll describe a few of the standouts in detail. The beef lettuce cups were great, just a little bite of beautifully charred medium rare steak with lettuce. The edamame dumplings just melted in your mouth and dissolved there, and were like a little bundle of delicious pea soup. I especially loved the cold sesame udon noodles with lime sorbet, which is definitely not the sort of dish I would have expected to like, but the lime and peanut flavors somehow worked really well together, and the thick udon noodles were deliciously chewy. This was definitely the most unexpected dish in my opinion. One really simple dish that packed in a lot of flavor was the asian green stir fry. I just love really fresh and simple veggies, so this was a favorite of mine. It would have been the star of the entree round were it not for the glazed black cod, which was soft and flakey and deliciously sweet. My other favorite fish dish came earlier in the tuna tartare spring rolls appetizer, which was another unexpected treat. I love raw tuna sushi, but who would have thought to pair the rich meaty fish with a crunchy spring roll shell? So good! The only dessert that I couldn't get enough of was the crying chocolate cake, with its delicious white ganache tears. Don't leave without getting it.The other dishes were all tasty, but were less memorable. For instance, the rib eye was great, but it was not as unusual as some of the other things we were served. And though we all enjoyed the peking duck course, it was a very traditional take on the dish, and you'd be just as well served ordering it at an old school Chinese restaurant for much less. On the other hand, the accompanying peking duck salad was more original yet its inspiration was still evident, so I'd recommend ordering that if you want some duck with your dinner. All in all, everything was pretty much great, and I felt like a giant pig from eating so many different things. It was fun, but I'd probably order less were I lucky enough to go back.I would highly recommend Buddakan for your next special occasion. Its such a dramatic setting, with wonderfully accommodating service and phenomenal food presented impeccably. Our bill may have been obscenely large, but if you order ala cart I actually think the individual prices are fairly reasonable. If you like Asian food and aren't afraid to mess with traditional flavors, Buddakan is sure to surprise and amaze you with its wonderfully unique dishes.
Trendy, popular and convenient.The food is always excellent, the drinks creative and the shared plates are fun to have as a group. The cuts of meat are to die for; the seafood is impeccable and fresh.Service is first class - although they are always in the background, they are not in the way.
I will admit it; I love Buddakan. I know the food isn't to die for, but it hits the spot and the atmosphere is energetic and fun. My fiancee and I love coming here so much, that he got down on the floor one night and proposed. The desserts here are innovative and delicious. A huge plus as I have an insane sweet tooth.
What a Zoo....bit of a joke but hey why knock success at near $20 Mil in sales.  We waited for a table in the bar where I got to see quite a few dishes.  Most looked Americanized and cloying in sweet spicy sauces...and cocktails were passable, certainly no real mixology here.  We ordered three app's and only one passable was the lobster-crab dumpling which was served with the omnipresent Samal Olek chili sauce (I think straight out of the original plastic tubs)...the boneless ribs way to sweet and only had a smidgen of Douban bean sauce...the painting of mustard on the white side of the plate was comical.  The other app, the scallion pancakes with shredded dark mystery meat (beef) was soooo salty we sent it back.  The mains were not much better...Kungpao Monkfish was lukewarm where as the long beans were cold!  The Mao Pao (funny-spelling) tofu was passable but misses the real numbing heat of the green peppercorns (missing).  Service was excellent as server was friendly and accommodating.  He added a Star to this rating.  The atmosphere is a knockoff of the original Buddha Bar (Paris) and mesh-mash of other Asian venues but generally appeals to a mid-Americain NYC wow visitor.  America needs the real deal....someone please open a real Asian/Chinese bistro cum club if you will.
Places with such knockout decor sometimes don't try as hard with the food, but that's not the case with Buddakan.  We've been about 4 times and the food seems to be consistenly delicious. This time we started with a drink at the bar then moved to a great table in the lovely Chinese room. We started with the edamame dumplings, hoisin pork belly dim sum and scallion pancakes with short rib. They were all good but of the 3, the pork belly was the standout. Edamame flavor was subtle, so maybe not for all tastes, though we greatly enjoyed them. Then we shared a whole crispy fish and twice cooked long beans, both terrific, followed by a fabulous chocolate concoction with caramel and coffee ice cream. Major yum!! We considered it a bargain for the quality and walked away stuffed.
I ate here about a week ago when I was on vacation in NY. My boyfriend's aunt wanted to treat us to dinner before we left to go home the next day, and wanted to take us somewhere nice. I was in awe of the beauty of the restaurant when I first stepped in. The dim lighting and architecture made this feel like such a sexy place. We had made reservations for that evening, and upon checking in, we were told by the hostess that our reservations were not for Sunday, but rather for Monday. Instead of seeing what the problem was, she said we could go to the lounge where the full menu is served and they would try to work us in to a table in the restaurant. When we asked how long that might take, she could not provide us with an answer, but rather something that sounded as if she was reading off a cue card - "I hesitate to give a time estimate..." and then said we could eat in the lounge if we got "ansy." Ansy? Seriously? How about properly educating whoever is in charge of setting up reservations? Instead of making a scene, we made our way to the lounge, where we were visited shortly after by the manager who apologized for the inconvenience and said to let him know if there was anything he could do (I immediately thought yea, how about getting us a table?) Not 30 seconds later were we being seated in the great room, and that definitely fixed their mistake. The room was so beautiful, and our waiter was charming. The food - where do I begin? We had the edemambe dumplings, rock shrimp, sticky crab rice, lobster rolls, and cauliflower. All of it was amazing. I highly recommend the dumplings and rock shrimp!In spite of the mistake at the beginning, I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the city who enjoys swanky atmosphere dining like Buddahan, just make sure that if you make reservations that they understand 100% what day and time you are asking for! :)
Honestly some of the best dishes I have ever had.  I really enjoyed this place.It's hard to find a place that has great ambiance AND great food - but this definitely had the whole package.  And it wasn't terribly expensive either.  4 of us ate - had 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, 3 desserts, and 8 drinks - still came to $260.  That's really not that bad.The waitress gave us excellent service and the decor inside was stunning.My favorite dish of the evening was the fillet of beef.  Holy crap that was some good gravy.  We almost ordered a second helping.My only critique is that the lighting was so low - I almost walked into the men's bathroom.  I really couldn't see the labels of what hallway went to which bathroom, so I took a guess.  Luckily I got it right the first time.
it's really hard to wow me, esp when it comes to asian food. but the food was just amazing. i went here with a group of 7 friends for my friend's bday and we were seated in a corner which made the dining experience more intimate and definitely not loud. the ambiance is trendy, modern and dim lighting. even for the meatpacking area, it didnt feel pretentious - it had a cool classic feel. the service was great, and our waitress was so helpful and attentive and just perfect. clearly, we were overwhelmed with the menu and thankfully, my fellow yelper friends already knew what was the must trys but our waitress told us that for our size party might be best to order off of the tasting menu. so ended up ordering the tasting menu #2 - including apps, entrees, and dessert. you could also substitute if you wanted something else on the main menu as long as it was the same price. it was the right amount of portions for us and if we wanted more of one thing, then we could just request for more without any additional charge! the food was so flavorful and tasty, the drinks were delish (i liked fate - not too much alcohol) and the dessert was heavenly. it's really hard to call out any one dish because i was just so satisfied with the whole tasting menu #2! i would definitely come back again! money well spent!
Look. Usually, I am morally opposed to spending more than $10 on any entree I can buy at some hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurant, but Buddakan is just so damn SEXY. This is where the beautiful people of NYC eat.Well, some of them. Many of the couples we saw were 50-year-old men with 20- or 30-something women, getting them drunk and impressing them with a nice dinner. But whatever.Don't get me wrong; if that's your thing, have at it. All I'm saying is that Buddakan is the place to take your date if you're trying to sex them up. Because after spending some time in the elegant, ultra-hip, modern chinoiserie decor eating delicious food (I recommend the hoisin-glazed pork belly, taro puff lollipops, peking duck) and imbibing Asian-inspired cocktails (I recommend the "Tranquility"), how could you leave that place and not want to get your freak on?
Been here twice. Loved the fact that from the outside, it looks like a corner of a brick building.  Inside?! WOW! Decor and ambience? Two thumbs way up! Spacious and large! Great presentation as well! They can host a wedding rehearsal dinner party (i.e. Sex and the city!) or a quiet dinner for two like myself!  The only thing we really didn't like was that the tables are pretty close together downstairs; you can hear other ppl's conversations.  But the food is delicious and the drinks original and light! We love this place!
Attentive reception. Impressive decor. On-time seating. And the food ... it was a party in my mouth. An explosion of flavor. Great dining experience!
My friend came to New York and wanted a "Sex in the City" trendy type restaurant.  Buddakan was perfect.  Good energy, trendy enough for her, really good food and ended up not being as expensive as we thought it would be.  Huge restaurant and fun place to go.
While I love their chocolate lava cake, today's dinner sucked (dishes came late and cold). Nonetheless, I will go back for that cake.
One lovely Yelper - Thanks Phillip L.! - just reminded me Buddakan is also a Top Chef joint (so I can add it to my list mwahahhaha). I actually can't believe I haven't reviewed this place sooner but it's probably because I am still swooning days later from the amazing food.Buddakan is one of those places that you go dressed to impress and perfect for out of towners when you really, really want to wow em. Even I feel a little intimidated walking in to the hushed lighting and cavernous space. As other Yelpers have pointed out, it is a little like a hotel lobby at the front where you check your coat and let the hostess know you've arrived (somewhat literally). Inevitably they'll send you to the bar where you'll try and find somewhere to stand or perch and sip a lovely cocktail as you wait (reservations are ALWAYS recommended).I've sat both upstairs and down and don't really have a preference other than those stairs are slightly terrifying to navigate in heels whilst clutching a martini (but thankfully thus far I've managed. Knock on wood for next time). Everyone says: "Get the edamame dumplings." And they're right, get em. Also get the rock shrimp. Actually, get two (three if you're having dinner with me). The sushi was also incredibly good. I've tried many other dishes here and while I can't remember all of them, I do remember enjoying them all.All in all, come here when you really want to have a special night out. Every time I've been here - both with a few friends or a large group - I always catch myself at some point thinking: "Yup, this is New York (and aren't I one lucky girl?!)"
I walked to the front door and thought what is this place, it's like a plain black door, and than you enter to find a lovely well decorated restuarant, the food is just delicious and the services is wonderful... i cant say enough good thinks, everything we ate or tried was great..
Absolutely amazing. I got engaged here last year, and it was perfect. We do an annual girls trip, and visited again this year. We do the party theme choice #3 each time, and have never been disappointed. The food is unreal. The party style is definitely the way to go if there is a group. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. We will definitely make this a part of our trip every year.
OVER RATED.I took my mother here for dinner when she was in town from Maryland, and I was appalled at the experience we walked out with. First of all, our reservation was made by the concierge at the Hotel Gansevoort.  You'd think that would guarantee us some half decent service. Wrong.  When we walked in the door, we were treated almost like bums that had accidentally wandered past the doorman.  And it's not like we were casually dressed! I'm in the fashion industry, so I always make sure that I am dressed to impress the people I meet.  After giving the bored-looking hostess barricaded behind her hotel-esque greeting desk our name, we were led down the grand staircase past all the beautiful tables in the main dining room through a serpentine path ("everyone has to take this route, so as not to disrupt the serving flow") which ended at a table stuck on a random side wall about 10 feet from the kitchen.  Mind you we walked past about 20 or 30 other much nicer tables that were totally empty.The food was ill-concieved, the staff contrite, the cocktails warm and far too complex to taste good. The only thing that impressed me about the place was the impressive main dining floor awash in gold.If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Definitely a good-looking people crowed. Should be dressed up and ready for a good dish, you would definitely lick your finger when you're done. Crowed on a Wednesday night. Can't wait to celebrate my sisters birthday here on October 16.
The best Asian fusion food in New York period. All the different rooms provide so such a great atmosphere that makes you feel that it is 5 different restaurants in one
After raving reviews by my friend who is a regular here when he comes to NY, we went for a quick dinner before a movie. We were told there was a 20 minute wait but we could wait in the lounge. We were promptly seated on our table and waitstaff was friendly and had good knowledge of the menu. We ordered the potstickers (5pc), the pork lo mein and the lobster fried rice. Good portions for price and the food was executed brilliantly. Not bad for $40 bucks. Only 3 stars because the front desk girls are way too rude and snobby.
I am pretty picky when it comes to Asian food, since I am pretty spoiled by my mother's cooking and not to mention a lot of my friends' mothers home cooking.When R was trying to figure out where to take me, since I wasn't into R's first choice of Italian. R was in between Morimoto, Buddhakan and Momofuku. I was definitely not a fan of Momofuku, since their food doesn't really cater to an Asian palate.R called to see if you need a resy and the wait for two was over an hour or so. We ended up taking our chance and went there anyways.R's been to Buddhakan in Philly and really enjoys their food.Overpriced Asian food is really not my thing because you can find better tasting ones for 75% less and not to mention you can feed 4 other people along with it. But I didn't want to be difficult so I said why not try it.Since I never been here before I let R do the ordering and just voiced my opinion when the waitress suggested the Edamame Dumpling. I like Edamame but I couldn't picture myself eating it in a wrapper since I am guessing it would be in paste form.R got a Chimay and I opted for prosecco rather than their specialty drinks.R ordered the following:Crispy Calamari Salad green apples, cashews, miso vinaigrette - this was probably my most favourite dish. I really love the miso vinaigrette. Really Yummy.Peking Duck Roll crispy radish, hoisin - good but don't think they were worth 12 bucks.Chili Rock Shrimp toasted ginger - decent...wish it would have more of a kick though.Spicy Crab  Shan Tong Noodles jumbo lump crab, spicy szechuan sauce - good but you didn't really feel the numbness from the szechuan spice.Didn't get dessert since there wasn't really anything that stood out besides the Yuzu Sorbet and R's not into Asian desserts.All the food were either decent or good but nothing we had blew my mind or did I think was worth the price. Usually with upscale Asian restaurants, you're paying for the ambiance and the cost of their interior design.
Loved Loved Loved this place. Edamame dumplings = perfection. Curried foam rice- YUM. Really enjoyed this place and even though i'm not in the area often I will make a point to go back.
Went here for a party and not only did the food suck but so did the service just because gratuity is included doesn't mean you don't have to come back and fill up a cup of water. I was very very disappointed by this place read so much positive reviews so I though this place has to be good. I don't mind spending a lot for food that taste good but theres nothing worse than spending 400 for party of 6 and your meal sucks and service was horrible !!! Please Beware !!! the only good thing about this place was the ambiance !
absolutely fabulous food and cocktails!  The setting and the ambience is very elegant.  You must try the peking duck salad.  I am not a duck person but after this salad I have been craving it.!!!!!
OMG! So good. Went with 3 other people. Ordered too much so we could try everything. Nothing was bad... Nothing. So good. Pricey, but worth it. Try everything.
We were here in november. The food was great! The place was great. We are glad we found this restaurant. It was our  sons birthday and i mentioned it by the reservation on open table. The staff came to wish him à happy birthday and they gave him an icecream. Great place!!
Totally overrated. Very cool hipster place, fun, great experience but honestly just "good" Chinese food. The space is huge and worth a visit, just don't expect a culinary experience that is worth the $$$$ price tag.
We have been here several times, and have always gobbled down each and every bite of our meal.  The edamame dumplings are SO good, I dream about their pillowy deliciousness.  We have never ordered anything off the menu and been disappointed.  The only thing that annoys me about this restaurant is the fact that they always make you wait twenty minutes after the time of your reservation to be seated (so you'll order drinks from the bar).
Love this place! The ambiance is great, and the food was delicious. Service was also great. I highly recommend the spare ribs as an appetizer and the bread pudding for dessert. Beautiful restaurant!
I come here quite a bit. The food is delicious. The drinks are fab. The decor is great. My only qualm would be the portions. They could be a bit bigger.
Was expecting trendy joint with cute food, but surprised to enjoy a truly exceptional, indeed spectacular meal -- as good as any in the City! The scallion pancakes and jade shrimp dumplings were a great combo to start, and the soft shell crab and chicken a fabulous pairing for entrees, with vegetable stir fry and a rice side.  Truth be told, the coffee was average and carrot cake dessert nothing special, but that still didn't diminish the wonderful meal up till then, and the service couldn't have been better!
The space is undeniably awesome - I love walking down that big staircase, the dripping candles, faux-library feel... totally sexy.However, food is not terribly special.  We had (in order of yumminess, from pretty solid to eh):- Scallion pancakes- Tuna tartare- Boneless spare ribs- Chilled Udon Noodles (I like the lime sorbet, but since when is this served with peas?)- General Tsos dumplingsWe advised the waiter that we just wanted to try a bunch of differerent small plates, and of course he recommended "at LEAST 5 or 6".  We had 5 and couldn't finish them between the two of us.  The pacing was also really rushed - we're talking 3 plates arriving within 10 minutes of ordering.  My boyfriend found an unexpected crunch in one of the dumplings - probably a bone.  Yuck.Bottom line? Come for the atmosphere, but not the food.  Also worth noting that it's good for groups because everything is easy to share - I could see a fun bachelorette party here.
This place was amazing. The vibe was good, the decor was nice, it wasn't noisy, the service was great, and the food..... AMAZING!Our choice of plates:Edamame DumplingsChili Rock ShrimpSeabass RollBlack Cod entreeShort Rib entreeVegetable side dishLobster sticky riceEVERYTHING was amazing! the edamame dumplings melts in your mouth. It was a party of three and at first I thought it would be too much food, but the edmamae, rock shrimp and seabass roll were all small plates - 3 small rolls, 5 small dumplings, and small plate of shrimp... and we were doing good. Then, came the black cod and short rib entrees. The black cod is small portion on a big plate and good for one person; however, by the time we were done with the small plates, the black cod was also shared as I couldn't do it all by myself. The short rib is a big dish which can definitely be shared with at least two people (it includes noodles). By the time we got the lobster sticky rice, we were stuffed but it was soooo gooood, we still were able to finish it!In other words, Highly Recommended!!!!!
In the niche between "casual" and "fine" dining seems to lurk the happy medium of "upscale," which would seem to fit Buddakan very nicely. The restaurant has all the trappings of a trendy, downtown restaurant, with a nice Louis-meets-Asian theme. Although one certainly doesn't need to don a full suit and tie to feel comfortable, "dress to impress" would certainly be de rigueur. (One helpful hint: If possible, ask to sit downstairs.) Service was incredibly (perhaps too) prompt and friendly, and pleasantly not-snobby for a place that's so popular. I could easily tell one of Buddakan's reasons for being one of the five most profitable restaurants in the U.S.: high turnover. Our server flatly "suggested" we order all of our dishes at once, and once we had they began to arrive with lickety-split precision. In fact, even after ordering dessert and coffee, we were out of there in less than two hours.Regardless of the pacing, the food was, on the whole, quite good. Many dishes lean more towards the Asian end of the continuum... A $44 whole duck arrived as rather plainly mound of (granted, delicious) duck meat with the typical accoutrements you'd find for a fraction of the price over in Chinatown. However, other items like the edemame dumplings or the petrale sole showed real creativity, flair, and of course, delicious flavor.In all, a nice, albeit leaning-towards-pricey place to go for a special dinner out.
AHHHH. This is my FAVORITE restaurant! The food is like heaven on earth and the waiters are good-looking and nice! The ambiance is very sultry and perfect for a girls night out. I love it!
Buddakan never disappoints. The atmosphere lends itself to romantic first dates or fine dining and drinks with the girls.
This place still gets me excited. I have been coming here for years and this place still ranks my fave which is ironic since chinese cuisine is my least favorite type of food but that's how good this place is! The resturant is huge yet comfortable, very trendy, just a great space. The edamame dumplings, scallion pancakes, spring rolls, deviled tuna tartare are all great starters. I absolutey love the short rib entree and the black cod dish is to die for. We always get an order of the lobster fried rice and it never disappoints! And no matter how full we are we always get dessert the peanut buter chocolate...heavenly. Love love love this place.
The ambiance is dark and club like, which is OK for dinner but not optimal. The appetizers were good and I would recommend the hoisin glazed pork belly. It was sweet, salty, and spicy melt in your mouth pork in a fluffy bun. The Mao po tofu was greasy, you can do just as well from your local Chinese take out. The black cod was good but a little overcooked. Come for the decor and the scene, but don't expect to get your socks knocked off by the food. It's good but not great Chinese food.
We could have had way better dishes elsewhere for the price we paid. The place would look better with a little less dark, and the servers were attentive enough. We order 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and we were not pleased with any. Maybe I had my expectation held too high because of what I heard about it. But for what I paid for, it was a total disappointment.
I went to this place for a business type dinner that someone else arranged.  There was about 8 of us.  As I had anticipated, this is one of those trendy 'scene' type restaurants.  It's big claim to fame seems to be that it was the site for one of the SiTC movies where I guess Carrie had her engagement dinner (so that should tell you the kind of crowd this place seems to attract).I normally steer clear of such places as I prefer more intimate places where the focus is primarily on the food, and not an any supposed hipness factor.  That said, I have to say that the food was quite good, especially considering that we ordered what I think was a 'party' type platter.  Everything was solidly good.  I particularly liked some type of salad that we got with something crunchy on top.  There was also a sliced chicken with a thin crispy type of batter that was also quite good.I have to say though, as a self-professed dessert connoisseur, that their pastry chef seems to be the star of the place.  We got about 5 different desserts to share and they were all incredibly good.The service as well was overall, solid.
Great restaurant with perfect service. The food is mindblowing. A perfect night out. One time we had to wait for an hour to be seated, to compensate this we received complementairy drinks and bites. Good service
i have attended a disproportionate amount of corporate events here and it's easy to see why, Buddakan excels at handling large groups. The service is always excellent and their staff is superb. It is also a gorgeous space! Great for dates and bringing visitors. I gave them three stars because I find the food average bordering on sub-par. The majority of their dishes are just too sweet. Their drinks are excellent though. I wouldn't turn down a trip to Buddakan but I also wouldn't go out of my way to have dinner there either.
Buddakan is such a fun place. I love the food, the atmosphere, the drinks, it's even fun while you're waiting for your table. I love eating in the big downstairs room, you can see everything that's going on. I always get good service there, last time we had this great young waiter with a fun personality, and he really added a lot to our experience. He even brought my friend a glass of milk when she accidentally ate a very spicy pepper garnish. Edamame dumplings are awesome, short ribs, mongolian lamb chops, all off the chain. The only problem I run into is that I tend to order one million little tiny things, and then I'm not even full and I've already broken my wallet! What can I say? it's new york.
We celebrated the last night of our honeymoon in Buddakan, and we had a great time. First of all, the food was absolutely delicious. Every course hit the spot. We went with the waitress recommendation on the number of course and we did not leave either too hungry or too full. The edamame dumplings were to die for as was really everything else we tried. The service was impeccable. Fast, efficient, nice, helpful. They even gave us a little candle in the desert because I wrote in the reservation that we were on our honeymoon. :) The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the place is very loud and the tables are very close to each other. So I don't know if it is best suitable for a romantic dinner. Either way, we had a fantastic time.
Some of the most delicious food I've experienced in my life!  Killer atmosphere too, just extremely expensive.
This is my favorite restaurant of all time!  My wife (girlfriend at the time) ate here back in '11.  It was my 2nd time and her first.  She will agree, Budakkan is the best place for food and experience.  From the coat check, to the bar, to the service.  It is ALL top notch.  We had reservations for 11:15PM after a show.  The show got out earlier than planned.  I explained to the hostess and she was able to get us seated at 10:45.  They sat us down on the lower level at the back bar area.  It was so quiet and romantic.  EVERYTHING we ordered was incredible.  The lobster spring rolls, edamame dumplings and Kung Pao monkfish were no doubt the best dishes of all time.  We did not leave the restaurant until 1:30AM and it was STILL packed.  When in NYC, this is a no doubter.  YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!
I have been here a few times and the last time I came, I was with a vegetarian. Not really having extensive knowledge of the menu beforehand, had I known then what I know now, I would probably have picked somewhere else to go, but, we managed. The menu can be very deceptive as what might appear as a veggie dish, can have meat or fish in it, so any veggies out there, be careful. Scallion pancakes, Cauliflower Stir Fry case in point. We ended up with Wild Mushroom Chow Fun, Edamame Dumplings and I indulged in the Monkish Kung Pao. Food is delicious and served family style which is great. My Monkfish was cooked perfectly, the only gripe I would have would be that it wasn't hot enough, heat wise, not temperature wise. For dessert we shared the Crying Chocolate cake. Oh Good GRIEF! Worth going for that alone! There was a LOT of deliberation as to what to order for dessert as everything sounds bananas good. The Wine list is pretty good and we opted for one of the Pinto Noirs from Oregon. We both had a pre-dinner cocktail also, I opted for Fate, yum and my friend was impressed with his Lush. Well worth it!The decor is amazing and the atmosphere is great. My only gripe was on this occasion we were seated upstairs and almost on top of the table beside us. The waiter appeared ONCE and I had to hunt him down for the check, balck mark for that in my book, big time!This is a special occasion place and very enjoyable.
So nice. I would've given you 5 stars if you weren't trying to kick me out Buddakan!Oh where do I start? The people? The decor? The food? The cocktails? The sake? Sigh*It was our end of the year office party and we decided Buddakan would be an acceptable choice of venue. So...the decor - how pretty! The lounge area is so sleek. The paintings in the restaurant are just sexy. You know that if the restaurant can hang a wall painting behind the front desk - again its just sexy. It took my breathe away (all you yelpers might think I'm over-exaggerating - but I like the restaurant so let me say all the good things I want). The main dining hall is so sexy with its high ceilings. So nice. They have this section of the dining area where the walls are painted like book shelves. The bindings are all gold. People dub it as "The Library." So nice. LOL @ the people that work there. I guess my coworkers don't often fancy these type of restaurants. They were commenting on how the hosts (or maitre d's?) looked like security bodyguards. Hilarious. Nice people but sort of pushy in my opinion. Almost snobbish I guess. Jalapeño liquor? What? Why?! Cool. My first cocktail was charm. Very pretty and not strong. It is made with passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries and prosecco. It's a good starter cocktail. My next cocktail is fever; made with mezcal, lime, jalapeno and pomegranate. Ever had a spicy cocktail? This is it. It has quite a kick to it. Very enjoyable though.  We also had a bottle of sake (sorry don't remember which). Lastly, the food. We ordered a whole bunch and if I commented on each one - well no one would ever read this yelp because then it would just take up the entire page. Highlights - lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, deviled tuna tartare, and shrimp and lobster chow fun.  The not so greats - edamame dumplings. The reason for this is just because the texture bothered me a bit. I know a lot of people like these so its just a preference thing. For sure for sure order the general tso's dumplings. We ordered only 2 in the beginning and then ordered another 2 because it was so great. I do have to say though they are pricey for the portion that the restaurant gives you. I do believe this is a spot you should hit up at least once. Would I go there again? If I can afford it then for sure. Def. one of the few top restaurants on my list. happy eatings~
This place is pretty insane. It reminds me of an upscale underground secret sex-slave dungeon. That sounds redundant and contradictory at the same time, but it's true. It's pretty pricey so make sure you go with someone who's covering the bill ;).
Ambiance is impressive and alluring.  Everything we had was good and we were thankful that our waiter was very Gluten Free knowledgable.  I recommend sitting downstairs if you have a large party.  We had at least 25 people at our table and the service was still quick enough to get us through in time to have after dinner drinks before going onto our next event that evening.
Once, twice, three times amazing.Let me start with the most important part: Dessert! Get the cheesecake! I don't remember the fancy name but it is A-mazing. The pear sorbet has the most intense (In a good way) flavor. I could have eaten just that, but I didn't. Before this, I had Lamb Chops (So good), and the Broken Chili Chicken (Nice flavor in the sauce, but wouldn't order it again). Asparagus was delicious. We had other Dim Sum items which were delicious. All of the food had great presentation as well. Definitely check it out!P.S. I wouldn't suggest the Dumplings with jicama  corn, they were nothing to shout about!
Ack.  Asian fusion at its worst.  Overpriced and tasteless compared to $5 chinese restaurants on every other corner.  The portions are small and nothing was really worth eating.  We tried a lot of different dishes.  The fried rice, noodles, and fried appetizers were all bland.  I don't get how you get mess such simple things up!The place looks awesome though.
I will admit I was skeptical of Buddakan because, well, sometimes trendy restaurants don't measure up. But, wow, this place is really good.I can fondly remember just how scrumptious the edamame dumplings, broken chili chicken and black cod were. I have eaten many items from the menu but those definitely stand out as my favorites.Now that I am gluten free, there are only a few things I can eat but I generally go for the black cod without the sauce. Memories.....The drink list is nice and the service is great. I like to bring friends/family from out of town here for dinner, always a good time. Make sure to make a reservation!
the best restaurant in NYC. Period.I like the tuna tartare, adamame dumplings,  tuna rolls, cod, fried rice and the chocolate desserts. Faith and charm are my favorite drinks
The atmosphere is incredible and I love the communal table downstairs.  I've hosted parties using that space and it was always a big hit.  The best pork buns and soup dumplings and they do an amazing cucumber cocktail that I always crave.  I think the service is wonderful too.
The food was delicious, but the portions were way huge. I think they would be better off making them smaller so people could taste more of the variety.  I think it was all a bit too salty as well (maybe msg), because I was drinking water like a crazy person the next day and so was my dinner companion.  Food good, aftereffects, not so perfect.
Really cool place with a great vibe.  Food was good with medium sized portions.  Shee pooh pooh interior design with friendly staff.  Funky drinks for a mere introductory price of $15 but who cares, your at Buddakan.
I went here 4 times already and this place never let's me down. The miso cod is amazing. I can eat like 6 orders of the scallion pancakes. Omg. The service is always consistent and the atmosphere is dark and intimate. Try the G Saki. It's really good.
Soft shell crabs were spicy and crunchy. Mmm!
I have had good experience at this restaurant until last time. Food is always good especially appetizers. However, service was really bad. My server was too busy to answer my question. We ask him for his recommendation for seafood  entrée. He recommended chow fun lobster which we followed and lamb. A minute later, my friend want to change to Cod fish instead. We asked him to change it but he said that they out of the Cod fish and insist that chow fun was really good. If we did not like it he would not charge. Then the food came and my friend did not like it at first bite. We did not touch that dish and asked him to return it. He was not happy with that. Then we had a manager came to the table and asked if there's anything wrong with the food. We told him what's going on and he asked which dish we like. My friend told him that he really want to try Cod fish and he brought us Cod fish. What does it mean? We should have told the manager how this server take care customer. He did not do what customer want and offer comp if customer do not like. I would not write about this if there was not a lie from him.
I went to Buddakan a few weeks ago because Dale, one of the contestants on Top Chef was a chef at the restaurant. His food seemed really interesting and inventive so I figured I should check it out. Talking about Top Chef, is there a more georgeous woman on TV than Padma Lakshmi? That's another blog I may write sometime. The food at Buddakan is asian, but modern asian - basically asian fusion. Buddakan also has locations in Philadelphia and Atlantic City. As is obligatory, I checked out the Zagat review just in case it was lousy, which it wasn't. Getting a reservation 24 hours before dinner was pretty easy.Buddakan is one of those cool, trendy places where the staff and patrons are pretty attractive. It seems to be more about the cool and trendy, a place to be seen at the bar rather than the food. The restaurant itself is a huge space, even the hostess space is like a trendy hotel lobby. After a martini at the bar while we waited for Michelle, we were escorted to our table. From my other posts, you'll know that I like to try a bunch of things rather than being boring and just having 1 thing so we ordered a number of appetizers and mains which we shared. Our waiter was extremely helpful in helping us decide what to order and we were not steered wrong. The steak, cod and short rib were all excellent - tasty and perfectly cooked. The steak was probably the worst thing we had and it was pretty good. The cod was outstanding. We shared a couple of desserts which too were good.Overall the food was better than I had expected and it was also very reasonably priced - all in all a very good experience and one I will repeat.foodielifestyle.com
I had a gift certificate for $150...which means my friend and I went all out.  We had a reservation for 630 on a thursday evening for dinner and everything went smoothly.Tips  Comments:-Sample everything and order the dim sum or appetizers!  Highlights included the boneless spare ribs-melt in your mouth, the crispy duck spring rolls, tuna tartatre...delish!-Main entree- hot and sour scallops-amazing!-Service was impeccable-Decor was dark and dim-Drinks were over the top but perfect- 16 bucks for a martini-Seating downstairs is ideal.
Been here a couple of times...first time was for a dinner party, but couldn't enjoy the meal because I was sick.  Second time, yummm yummm yummy. Food is great. I don't eat much, so I usually limit myself to appetizers or side dishes. Had the Lobster Fried Rice. Great! Drinks are good. Bartender was awesome, let us sample the Valentine's Day cocktails and the bill was only $30 (thanks dude!!!) and we had tons to drink. You can't beat that....$30 tab at Buddakan's!  First time I came here....we had a group tab of $1k!
Hot girls, hotter men, high ceilings, humungous chandeliers, funky lighting, celebrity watching, all that jazz.  The term hot spot is an understatement of the decade. My buddy and I checked out this sensational restaurant in fall last year and boy was it fun. You don't have to be a celebrity to get in, just enjoy good food and yes, have a big wallet. The scallop dumplings are amazing, as is the sea bass curry. Their drinks are delicious and service is efficient, yet friendly. Everything said and done, the experience was fantastic. Two hours later, I had attained nirvana. Oh and get a table at the main level overlooking the large communal table.
Nice looking place but, unfortunately, it's a factory, not a restaurant for anyone who wants good food for their money. Interesting ideas for their dishes, but execution and delivery of most dishes was mediocre to poor. Lamb chops with crystalized ginger and accompanying bok choy were served cold and tasteless. Fried rice with Chinese sausage tasted like leftovers. Wild mushroom chow fun...tasted like salt. I don't know who was cooking when we were there last weekend, but I say if you want to go to Buddakan, go for a drink and dumplings in the bar area (the carrot dumplings are adorable and tasty). Don't take a chance on ruining a special dinner, like we did.
This place is so hip, chic-trendy, and I loved it.  I'm not a local, so I was excited to go to a hip New York restaurant and compare it to LA.  I thought the decor was really chic, and I even liked the fact that we were at a huge King Arthur type table with 3 other parties.  The food was pretty damn good.  The dumplings were probably the best thing on the menu.  The portions are small, and the prices are high, but it was a great experience.  Oh, and apparently a guy from Top Chef is or was the sous-chef here.  Just a random factoid.
Went here with some friends,nothing spectacular chinese food with a twist i guess! very expensive and no parking at all! would not go again! the only good part is the desserts were very good and different
The name Buddakan, instead of bringing tranquil thoughts it dances in your head stomping and flaring the imagination.  Whatever your expectations it won't prepare you for the ambiance.  The immense doors prepare you for something grand, but the entry way quickly puts that out to only quickly lift you back up when the space opens up.  Now the bar area maybe impressive but be sure to go and explore the space and going to the restroom is a perfect excuse.Edamame dumplings are a must and a signature.  The food here have intense flavors and have a great range of texture and flavor.  The intensity of some of the dishes will have you taking a break and revisiting but that is perfect when you share multiple dishes.  The drinks are mixed very well here and the staff are attentive and on point every step of the way.
Food was excellent, but service left a lot to be desired.  Portions are not large enough to be considered family style.   Be prepared that you will mpst likely sit at a communal table.   Since the place is very noisy, this doesn't make for ideal dinner conversation.
Hot DAMN this place is HUGE!  As soon as I saw the army of 10 hostesses at the front, I knew this was going to be a serious operation.  This restaurant must hold 1,500 people.  It took them a while to seat us, because the place was chaotic packed, and it was a Friday night.  So, we had a drink or two in the club-like bar area and anticipated our seating.  Finally, when they did seat us they were very apologetic and seated us at a great table in the main dining room, adorned with massive wooden chandeliers and 50ft high cielings.  They also sent out two appetizers on the house...nice touch.  One of them included these amazing edamame dumplings.  Mashed edamame with truffle oil, butter and cream all inside a steamed dumpling shell.  SO GOOD!  I am really glad they sent those out because we wouldnt have gotten to try them otherwise.The other dishes we ordered were good, and the dinner went well.  But, I have to say that the main reason you should come here is for the ambiance and the scene.  It is really an amazing space- it used to be a coca cola factory.  Plus, its hopping on a weekend night.  Come here for pre-dinner drinks in the lounge or for a full fledged dinner.  But, if you choose the latter, be prepared to wait!  It's worth it.
This is, wait, was the place to be seen and drink, why you may ask? Well who wouldn't want to spend $16-20 per drink at a so called trendy bar and try to pick up cougars and the girls who are soon to be, get served glorified (i.e. restaurant cost 12million give or take to build) PF Changs style food. Menu is meh, not a huge fan, weird selection and I'm not turning into a Yenta but hell this stuff tasted like it was doused in a ton of salt, akin to the belt pkwy an hour after a Nor'easter. I will say this, if your date is from out of town or lives outside of the five boroughs(err ok maybe just anyone who doesn't/never has lived in Manhattan) they will think this place is awesome and in there opinion, nice Asian fare. Little do they know some hole in the wall down in China town or Flushing would show this place what a real dim sum is with more than enough money left over to get a rub and tug down the block, pay the toll back through the Holland Tunnel, gas to the NJ shore  a round of drinks will more willing cougars @ Tiki Bar. Come here if your from out of town, the over topness and so so food will impress the six on your arm and just about guarantee she will be eating your bang bang shrimp by the end of the night. Order the Edamame dumplings, glazed Alaskan Black Cod with a side of minced pork lo mein.. These were the best things in my opinion on the menu, dessert is small and over priced, drinks weren't strong and my waiter kept staring at me more than my hot Brazilian date. Even she felt uncomfortable at the way Harvey kept looking at me throughout the night. Creepy waiter, u need a megaphone to hear your date and expect to be surrounded by drunk tourists and the BT crowd trying to impress Vanessa from Staten Island.
Went last night and have to say, we were blown away.  The cocktails were over-the-top delicious, and the food was fantastic.  The atmosphere was a blast and from the moment we walked in, we were smiling and laughing non-stop.  The wait-staff was so attentive and prepared to answer any and all questions about the menu.  Some of the appetizers are quite small, but some of the entrees are downright enormous.  There were just three of us at the table but we managed to order enough food to swamp the entire table, and even before dessert we were ready to burst.  Must-tries:  edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare springrolls; the peking duck was awesome, as was the black pepper beef and OH!  the lamb chops.  I have boycotted lamb my entire life out of guilt for eating something so cuddly and cute, but I finally caved last night and I nearly forgot the adorable sheep.  As for side-dishes, we enjoyed the rice with coconut curry foam.   Drinks we ordered:  Tranquillity, Charm, Fate, Lush (and wound up getting multiple of each, they were that good).   The Crying Chocolate was a great dessert...served with Jasmine ice cream, so great.Maybe we lucked out and avoided some of the more "meh" menu items but I have to give credit where credit is due and this place left nothing but a good taste.  Will be back.
Quite the experience, at least in terms of decor.  I came here for a drink with a group of drunken Australian opera singers (how often does that happen) when the lines at Hiro were too ridiculous to even deal with.  Unfortunately the kitchen was already closed (all of us were hankering for a snack), but we stayed for a drink anyway.  I had The Heat, which was a lovely, spicy mixture of tequila, Cointreau, and mulled, cucumbers and chili peppers.  Has a kick, to say the least, but definitely worth it.But really the decor is what stands out here.  It's like you took a French-Victorian estate and decorated it a la Chinoise with a touch of Andy Worhol.  An enormous sunken dining room, bird sculpture centerpieces, and pop-art Buddha paintings.  Unlike anything I've ever seen.  I'll save the 5th star for when I come back to try the food, so expect an update.
loves this place! been there several times, and never a disappointment.  if you want to go to place with great food, great ambiance, great drinks, great service and reasonable prices, this is THE place.  My favorites are Lush (drink), scallion pancakes, pork belly with buns, cod, and the crying chocolate for desert.love love love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If u didn't like it - then maybe u don't get it- I luv it! Sure- it was Fashion Week  the lounge was packed (on a Tuesday nite) and it was wall to wall beautiful people speaking a plethora of international languages but it was still fabulous- people watching was at it's optimum (OH the shoes!)! Its gorgeous inside- dark Asian/old world Oriental w strong Colonial Western architectural flavor. The view above the communal long dining table beneath the ornate chandelier/candelabra is stunning. The service (despite the crowds) was excellent. We had a variety of cocktails/small plates which were excellent in presentation, flavor  quality: Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Boneless Spare Ribs, Lobster Egg Rolls,  Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly (friends said was "ridiculous"). Cocktails: Fever (spicy - my fave), Charm (sweeter than anticipated)  Lush. A great place to bring out of town friends for a WOW factor.
This place is amazing. Service is hit and miss, but the food is ALWAYS spot on! I'm not so into the edamame dumplings, but was glad I tried them. The duck rolls are worth a trip in themselves. They serve family style, so it's nice and fun to be able to try more things. It does get loud and crowded the later you are there. The desserts are absolutely fantastic. I like to order a ton of dim sum and appetizers as they're the best. The vegetables are good sides. Prices are pretty reasonable too.
Love this place! It's still just as beautiful and filled with high energy as it was when it 1st opened over 5 years ago! I met my "husband" here way back when so it has great memories...but beside's that we have been back many many times with friends and on our own and have never been disappointed! I've eaten in the bar area, the back area-red Asian room on 1t floor and downstairs at the long central table and off to the sides. The food is consistently terrific! The edamame dumplings are still my fave! The design still stands the test of time-gorgeous!
I went here on a friday night and we were told to wait at the bar until there was a table available. We were seated before we finish our first cocktail, which was great! Service was very great.I had the charm cocktail it was really good!!!!We ordered the boneless ribs for appetizers ..delish!!Entreees were very tasty and good poritons. I  had the lobster rice which a really enjoy and the peanut bar for dessert which was really great . Atmosphere was great, I am looking forward to try other cocktails and desserts.
The massive 10,000 sq ft space is beautiful and serves up delicious dishes, too.  My husband and I went with another couple and had an amazing experience.  The waiter was very helpful and willing to guide us through the menu and offer suggestions.  Everything we selected was prepared and presented perfectly.  The cocktails are pretty pricey, but that's to be expected.  My only complaint they need additional women's restrooms upstairs.
the only reason i can't give buddakan 5 stars is because of of the portion sizes compared to price, but it is MEPA after all! i strongly suggest this as a date spot (thanks guys!) or for a group so you can share everything. in a city where restaurants flop daily, buddakan has maintained its reputation and is still a total (awesome) scene. definitely well deserved as it is such a gorgeous, beautifully decorated, trendy, delicious, MASSIVE restaurant. really the ambiance is just absolutely stunning. food is great but really the only two words you need to know are EDAMAME DUMPLINGS! everytime i have gone i have ordered seconds of these babies. YUM!
Ill be honest, I really choose to come to this restaurant (like every other girl) simply because of the fact that Sex and the City had been filmed there. I know, I know......cliche. But hey I AM a girl and I AM a fan of SATC. I was really impressed by the trendy decor and the main "ballroom" that held the sexy chandeliers. The atmosphere was so slinky that if I lived in NYC, I would think this would be a perfect atmosphere for some serious seduction.. The restaurant was dimly lit and played light trance music, perfect for getting someone in the mood. lol The food, on the other hand was very scrumptious. It is another everyone "share their dishes" type of place. When we first glanced at the prices, we thought the restaurant was pretty cheap, but then when we saw the portions, we connected the dots. The dishes didnt exactly offer a lot of food but after a couple of plates, you realize you dont leave hungry but just full enough. Some highlights from our dinner: Cantonese spring rolls, scallion pancakes with braised beef short ribs, lobster fried rice and szechuan pork dumplings. If you are in the mood for something sweet after, I HIGHLY recommend the chocolate peanut butter bombe! Unless you dont like the combination of chocolate and peanut butter :-/
Buddakan is sexy in a lounge-y kind of way.I expected not to like anything about this place other than the interior decor, but I liked so much more. The upstairs is more bustling and crowded so it's a very dine-with-a-group kind of feel. Downstairs is dimmer, and more sensual, which is where we sat because I'm a sensual kinda gal. Our waiter, Owen seems out of place, mustache and slight twang of an accent and all, but he's one of the best servers I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He was kind, informative, gracious, but not overly attentive or trying too hard to make the service seem 5 star or formal. The food: -Glazed Black Cod Miso: very good flavors here, the grilled eggplant on the side and salted cucumbers were slight and balanced out the hint of sweetness in the fish. However, my friend and I weren't huge fans of the fish itself; we like our fish dry and flaky, this was oily and moist. Order it if you like your cod wet. (ooh baby). -Charred Filet Beef: looks are deceiving. My eyes were visually underwhelmed by this boring looking dish with a sad piece of beef on it and  bowl of taro chips in the middle. But, lo and behold, it was cooked PERFECTLY medium-rare and oh, that gravy. I'm not a fan of gravy but I'd slather this buttery, delicious gravy on all my Thanksgiving turkeys if I could.-ShrimpLobster Chow Fun: jumbo shrimp, chunks of lobster meat, veggies, and savory chow fun. This dish is salty, but it adds a much needed carb dish to our dinner, and the portion is generous.-Mapo Tofu: My Szechuan grandma would slap me silly knowing I paid $20+ for mapo tofu but this was some interesting flavored mapo tofu. It was served in a simple bowl with an even simpler bowl of white rice accompanying it. It was a bit spicy, a bit salty, a bit tangy (that was the kicker), and very flavorful. Strangely enough, it was the most authentically Chinese dish of our meal.I would compare this place to Spice Market in ambiance (quite large, impressive decor, has a good balance of fun and sexy), but with better food, and a mixture of Tao for cuisine, only better, and no tourists or kids running around. I went today, so it was mainly an after-work crowd. Buddakan, you almost make me like the MPD again, it's a good thing you face Chelsea.
The food is delicious. Plain and simple. All meats cooked to PERFECTION. The best scallops I've ever had in my life, the steak was one of the best I've ever had, lobster fried rice was not that great but fried rice is pretty boring itself, the edamame dumplings were great and so were the tuna spring rolls and rock shrimp. Drinks were fun but not really worth the price. Generally, BEAUTIFUL restaurant, nice (enough) staff considering they were busy, and fantastic food.
Place is definitely very "Meatpacking," i.e. trendy/swanky/hot-shot crowd. The bar was pretty crowded (Friday night at 8p) but we were seated within 5 minutes and treated very nicely by the waitstaff.Let me start by saying, the portions are described as "family-sized" but the waitress warns you that they are really individual portions. So why even advertise the meal as family-style? Anyway, they recommend 2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 side. Yes, this was enough food but the portions you get are super small.Edamame Dumplings are supposedly what the restaurant is famous for. They are terrible and taste like paste. I mean, I guess I get the flavors but there is no texture to the dish at all, which makes it just very boring after the first bite. Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls were totally delicious. It comes with 3 small fried rolls of tuna tartare which may sound eh~ but they were so yummy I wished I had ordered 2 of those instead of the dumplings.Charred Filet of Beef was okay. The mustard sauce was good but there was just nothing great about the dish. Grilled Alaskan Black Cod was also okay. It was a bit salty for my taste and the black bean relish was mediocre. We also ordered a side of the cauliflower which was stir-fried with pork. It was a bit spicy and salty, and also just okay. The only thing I'd order again is the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls. Oh P.S., the cocktails on the menu are super tiny. Like, mimosa-sized tiny. I ordered a Cosmopolitan for my 2nd drink and that was $15. Ridiculous. So my sentiments about Buddakan are basically that it is super-overpriced and I'd never go back. Not that I regret my meal because I wanted to try it some day, but that's that.
Buddakan is my new favorite restaurant.  Everything I had here was mouth watering and delicious.  It was so good I wanted to keep eating even though I was full.  The staff was nice, the atmosphere was great (lofty artsy vibe), and the food was out of this world amazing.  I highly recommend it!
My first experience here I had some service issues, but second time around was terrific. I recommend requesting a seat in the lower level of the restaurant if you would like a quieter dining experience. Our waitress was terrific with great recommendations. We had to start the popular edamamae dumplings which texture wise remind me of mashed potatoes in a dumpling, but the taste gets me over my texture issue. We had the tuna tartare spring rolls which are super delicious and I highly recommend.  We had the chilled udon noodles with a delicious sorbet in the middle. The noodles were absolutely delicious and I would have never ordered that unless our waitress didn't push us to. She was great. As our mains we had the delicious lamb chops that were crusted with a nutty crust, super yummy.  We also had the monk fish which was spicy, super tasty and delicious. For dessert we had a delicious coconut grilled cake with a passion fruit gelatin that was so good, but my favorite dessert was the crying chocolate it was a OH MY GOD delicious malted chocolate ganache souffle with a vietnamese coffee ice cream with spots of caramel and chocolate on the plate, I literally wanted to lick that plate clean. SO GOOD!!! I would highly recommend coming here and picking your servers brain on what to get if you haven't dined here before, The service was terrific, I will be back.
I usually dislike going to trendy restaurants trying to do ethnic, but for Buddakan, I caved.  And I was pleasantly surprised!The trick is to do your research ahead of time and know what you want to order.  Buddakan is supposed to serve family-portioned Chinese fare, so the menu was more extensive than I expected.  But I did read up on it beforehand and already had a couple of items in mind.The other trick is that with the prior point, you can actually have a fairly moderately priced experience.  It's easy to drop over $100 for dinner, but mine came out to a very reasonable $40/person (including tip).- Cantonese spring rolls - you only get 3, but they're really good, especially with the mustard.- Charred filet of beef - Oh. My. God.  The buttery, garlicky soy sauce that goes over the meat is absolutely heavenly.  This was the most expensive and least filling plate we ordered but it was the best thing we got.  We came THIS close to ordering another.  I'd go back just for this.- Mao poe tofu - honestly, this was a little disappointing, probably because I'd read just rave reviews about it on NYT and other places.  It's good and it's very filling, but it was a little too tangy sweet for me.- Crying chocolate dessert - I couldn't talk or listen to anyone while eating this.  It was that good.And of course, the ambience!  How much more freakin' trendy and sceney can you get?  Next time, I'm going to try to get a reservation down in the large room.All in all, I had a lot of fun at Buddakan.  Can't wait to go back!
Just as I had promised myself, I dined at Buddakan for my next trip to NYC, and boy was I glad that I followed through with it!I hadn't booked well-in-advance reservations since we were dining on a Sunday evening, but I'd highly recommend it since they ended up being booked until 9:45! Luckily, they have a bunch of tables in their lounge area, even a few community tables, where we could still dine at.Dinner was just as I predicted, a meal that definitely didn't disappoint. We ordered...-Minced Pork Lo Mein w/ pickled cucumbers  thai chili: The minced pork was a nice touch! -Sweet  Sour Chicken: I envisioned the typical mound of deep-fried chicken pieces, swimming in a red glaze, but Buddakan presented a different take on it that I took quite the liking to- slices of chicken breast with a crispy outer layer and a tangy glaze drizzled on top. Yum!-Vegetable Rice w/ coconut curry foam: So good, it was practically the highlight! Not only did I learn something new about Buddakan- that they serve up some tasty dishes, but I also picked up on a few additional details that make this place a true gem. For instance, their definite strength is their friendly service. Staffed w/ a door greeter and a handful of organized hostesses at a sprawling front desk, you couldn't possibly be overlooked. Another little nuance? A hint of BRICK in their bathroom stalls. It may sound like a mundane detail to others, but I love the little signature NYC touch.Overall, coming here was a good/bad idea. Good because it's breathtaking in every way. And bad because it'll hinder me from trying new restaurants in NYC!
The spareribs and lobster eggrolls. Best I ever tasted. Service the best. Just left from an early dinner with my wife and she fell in love with the place
Sadly, I find Buddakan highly overrated.  People surely don't go there for the food because it's not very good.  The dishes my vegetarian friends ordered tasted better than my beef lettuce cups and duck spring rolls.  Its redeeming factor is that it's a good place to meet people for drinks, and the drinks are strong.  Then move onto somewhere else for dinner.  The interior is large and stylishly decorated.  It's usually crowded and feels like a scene.  I've only ever been during the weeknights after work and it definitely felt like an expense account kind of place:  expensive, lots of suits, groups of men, out of towners.  The last time I was there, it felt almost like I was at a tourist attraction.
Went to this place forever ago and never reviewed it. Loved Loved Loved the seabass wrap appetizer - nicely done. Also had two of the fried ones that were just alright. Everything else - crab fried rice, lobster fried rice, fried fish entree with pineapple sauce (?) was up to par. The only knock is that I could not make sense of my dessert at all. The lemon mousse dish was a conceptual fail...what's with the brown log and the weird cloud candy thing and the red strip of hard candy. Not appetizing and just awful.
Simply overrated.  The ambiance is really nice and cool, but I have to say that most of the dishes are just mediocre overpriced Asian fare.  In addition when you are paying $25-30/dish the service could be a lot better.I recommend this place if 1) are from out of town or 2) taking someone from out of town out and want a trendy restaurant.  In general I find that most places in the MPD just don't live up to the hype and I have added this one to that list.
Last night I stepped out of my comfort zone and sat in this bar by myself and decided to order a cocktail and some nibblies. I don't really go out alone all that often, but seeing as how the hotel room was turning into one big fat f*#k of a bore, I decided to get out and try somewhere cool as I waited for my friend to finish up her dinner plans.The place I chose was Buddakan and it is gorgeous. I mean really gorgeous. It's dark, it's intimate, it's romantic and it's the kind of joint that even if you are there with yourself, you are probably going to get lucky with yourself later. Know what I'm sayin? ;)So I ordered my usual Belvedere and soda and grabbed a table and perused the menu. I saw a lot of the spiffied up versions of Asian fusion cuisine; the dim sum, the spring rolls, etc. and then I spotted something I have feared for a very long time. Frog Legs.I am not much of a frog person and while I've kissed many and have yet to find my prince, the idea of eating part of one is something I have feared for decades and so I decided to give into the fear and move onto to trying something safe, but dammit if my eyes didn't keep going back to the frog legs. Now I don't know if it was the Food Network weird foods special I watched on the plane or the fact that I was all alone and figured, "What the hell?" but as soon as the waiter came over I said, "Frog Legs please and the beef tartare"What?I couldn't believe what came out of my mouth and with such confidence at that. Who the hell was I on a date with. Clearly the self I know and love never would have ordered that on our date, but the order was in, so I figured I outta start prepping myself for the pending dish.To do this i started texting people. I mean, what else are you gonna do, right? I think I sent this message out to about 12 friends as i sat there downing my drink. "Oh my god, I just ordered frog legs and I am scuuuurrred" Soon people started texting me back things like "Ewwwhhhh" "Girl, you crazy" "Come home!!" "Tastes like...yardbird?" and then I looked up to see the waiter holding my dish. Oh god.So there it sat, staring at me and honestly it wasn't as scuuuurry looking as I had imagined in my warped paranoid brain. The little pieces of leg were mixed in with cabbage and golden chives in a creamy garlicky sauce and compared to the plate of raw meat with tapioca balls next to it, I figured I should just jump in.And so I did. I picked one of the things up with my chopsticks and in my mouth it went. As I chewed I thought, "Steph, you realize you are eating a frog right now. A ribbit. A little guy that used to make noises outside of your bedroom window as a kid. You were chomping down on one of those cute little tadpoles you used to love so much, but damn it, this is actually really tasty."I then found myself grabbing every little piece and enjoying them fully.  I then switched to the beef tartare and after a few nibbles of that I had had enough. It was way too spicy anyway. I then got the text from my friend I was waiting for and wrapped up the check and made my way out to join her.I ate a frog ladies and gentlemen. Wow, who woulda thunk it.
you don't go here to get the bang for your buck.you go because you're beautiful and want to see beautiful people ( some of their not-so-beautiful-or-nice friends)anyway, for what it is, the food was consistently good.the ambiance definitely had a nice busy/cool vibe to it.and the bench was quite comfy while i took my power nap.definitely should try it at least once.i'd go back w/ the right people.
Hot, trendy, amazing food and wonderful service! I don't always go for the ultra trendy restaurants in the city, but wanted to take a friend, who was in town, somewhere fun. Buddakan definitely exceeded my expectations. Food wise I highly recommend the tuna tartare spring rolls, they were to die for. The Cantonese steamed sole was delicious as well, very fresh and extremely flavorful. The service was outstanding, I did not love the first cocktail I tried and the waiter insisted on bringing me something else. Our fish came out 5 minutes before the side dishes we ordered, which we were fine (we thought it was suppose to happen this way), but the waiter was completely embarrassed and apologized profusely. We then had two managers come to check on our meal and apologize again for the timing of the dishes, in addition they provided dessert on the house to make up for it!. Living and dining in NYC you don't always expect he highly attentive and customer-focused level of service that Buddakan exemplifies, which makes it all the more wonderful when you come across it.
Beautiful hip asian inspired restaurant for people 20 and up. Food was absolutely delectable and fairly priced for the quality and decor. Very upscale place to hang out with friends. Must be cooler than an 8/10 to dine here.
My favorite resto in NYC. Great ambience, decor, service. The food is really amazing. I order the same food every time and i can eat it again and again. Edamame dumplings is a must! Peking duck and crispy shrimps are amazing. The best dessert is banana cake. Every time I go there I feel full and satisfied.
The food in this place it excellent, the place is beautiful, great lighting and ambiance. Didn't have to wait for our table, This place was just amazing, our entire group enjoy the food and the drinks, great drinks by the way. I would definitely go back to Buddakan again.
I can't say enough GOOD things about this place!  I have been here for large parties and finally took my three best friends who are from out of town for a meal here.  The service was amazing and the food was to die for!  I have never been disappointed at this city hot spot!  Word to the wise, make reservations...in advance!  So worth it!
EWWW RUDE RUDE EVIL BARTENDER! apparently too busy to do her job which is ummm ask people if they would like a drink..and then SERVE the drink. not too hard. Especially when there is nobody else at the bar. HELLO DO YOUR JOB!!! WILL NEVER GO BACK.
It was okay. The appetizers were the best part of the meal we ordered boneless spare ribs,chili rock shrimp and sesame shrimp toast. For dinner I had Sweet and Crispy Jumbo shrimp they were okay with steamed white rice the rice was so dry ugh. The other guest had the lobster rice complained the lobster tasted like it was not fresh but frozen. They paired it with 1. Sizzling short rib, 2. Mongolian lamb chops and 3. Broken chili chicken. Everything was just mediocre maybe we just had too high of expectations. For drinks we ordered Hennessy on the rocks, patron sun rise (I think they forgot to put the patron in mine), and patron margarita (again I think they were short on patron or something taste like juice). I will not go back besides the food was mediocre but service was horrible the waiter took 20mins to take drink orders and disappeared for half an hour to take food orders if the food is not good at least have good service. Plus he had a sarcastic attitude every time we spoke to him.
Great service, classy people, interior amazing and ofcourse delicious dishes. I recommend edamame dumplings, pork dishes, spring rolls, and calamari. Great place for a sexy romantic for 2 or group of people, but make a reservation in advance... Can be a little pretentious though.
Everything was excellent.  We had Peking Duck, special dumplings, sweet sausage fried rice and crispy prawns.  Service was outstanding too.  Must visit if your in New York.
I was suprised to find that as sexy and cool this restaurant was the food was at par. Usually in a chic restaurant the food is not good at all, but the overall experience was quite fabulous.  Now.....If you are pressed for time or hate waiting... I warn you that you will wait at the bar for your table.  I did not mind waiting in fact it added to the fun of the night...the drinks will run you at $12 which is pretty reasonable compared to $20 drink I have paid.The service is not great....Our waitress was not personable at all...what would you like type of attitude.  Again if you are with friends and having a good time you will not care if the waitress becomes your best friend, however, when rating a restaurant I feel that this is important.There are 2 bathrooms for this monster sized restaurant so be prepared to wait 20 minutes at times.   Food...The most important is pretty fabulous!  We had Pork belly buns which were incredible...Scallion Pancakes...just okay...General Tso's Dumpling...delicious...Wild Mushroom Chow Fun Noodles...very yummy....Szechuan Crusted Ribeye..could have done without it....Clay Pot Chicken...very very tasty....Lobster rice...I have had a lot better...Ambiance....Fabulous! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.
I think the funniest part about this night was how while waiting upstairs near the bar to be seated at the lovely Buddakan, my friends and i were all saying how weird and random the giant 30 person long table in the middle of the main dining area was. Where do we get seated 15 minutes later?  The giant 30 person long table in the middle of the main dining area.We had about 12 people total in our party. It was kind of awkward sharing the giant table with two other parties of about 6 on both sides of us. I didn't really understand the point. What happened to fun round tables? I was expecting more from the edaname dumplings but my jumbo shrimp and calamari salad were amazing!! The portions were small but i felt were still filling. Our waitress was the worst thing to ever walk on two feet and wear black.  She screwed up all of our drink orders and didn't bring them out until AFTER we were done with our appetizers AND entrees. She forgot about half the orders and gave us 2 of them on her because she was that terrible. Usually I'm not one to complain about the service. It sucks they have to do it to begin with, but when your working in an expensive restaurant like that and your THAT bad, complaining i don't think is out of line.Food was good but Id still pick Tao over this place.Sky*
Went here when first open good atmosphere large comfortable space has pretty inresting areas throughout the restaurant liked the lounge area with large tables food was good and interesting fusions going on
Overpriced yuppy hipster food good for the  twentysomething knownothing but think the knoweverything hipsters.  Especially gross were all the smokers blocking the entrance.  I guess if you know nothing then this is the place.  Money spent better elsewhere.
After I ate here Friday night I couldn't sleep because visions of dumplings and lobster were dancing in my head...I'm serious..I woke up..with only 5 hours of sleep because I couldn't stop thinking about the delicious food.  I've read all the detailed reviews on Yelp and I don't really understand why Buddakan has such a low star rating.  In every possible way I would give them five stars (more if I could).  I had an absolutely fabulous time here.  Maybe it was all the beautiful people that I saw, from the Matthew McConaughey look a like to the actual Terri Hatcher.  Maybe I had such a great time because I started my meal off with one of those fabulous cocktails the Charm or maybe it was because I wasn't paying for my meal..but anyhow I had an absolutely fabulous time.  "Spoiler Warning" Before I get into the details of this perfect meal, I just want to say that I believe one of the reasons why I enjoyed the food so much was because I didn't have really high expectations (given the 3 1/2 stars on Yelp) and because the menu only hints to the ingredients used in the dishes...so everything was a delicious surprise.  So if you haven't been to Buddakan and you're reading this list to get ideas on what to order just look at the names of the starred dishes, don't read the descriptions.  It will ruin the surprise. Oh and one of the great things about this place is that its family style..the only way I believe a meal should be eaten.  So first off on the delicious journey of my dinner was: *1. Edamame Dumplings, These little pockets of goodness were the best surprise...They were absolutely delicious.  It was like nothing I ever imagined!  The edamame inside was creamy and sweet, all this blended together with the soft dumpling skins and the salty broth perfectly.  *2. Crispy Calamari Salad, The fried calamari was perfect, not tough or soggy, it went perfectly with the spring greens and soy vinaigrette. 3. Chili Rock Shrimp, the fried shrimp in this dish were cooked perfectly, but they use a spicy mayonnaise sauce and since I'm not the biggest mayonnaise fan, this was my least favorite dish, still really good just not my favorite.  4. Boneless Spare Ribs, They were absolutely delicious, moist and tender, spicy with the accompanying Chinese mustard.  They were so tender you could cut them with your fork. *5. House Special Fried Rice with Scallops was so good!! It almost reminded me of a risotto, creamy with lots of scallops and peas.  This is how you can tell this restaurant is a five star establishment, only a real foody can probably appreciate this but in the fried rice there were peas, not just your easy-ordinary-frozen-from-a-bag peas but fresh-someone-took-the-time-to-depod-real peas...I can't even imagine who's job it is to sit in the kitchen and take peas out of a pod for a fried rice dish...but I thank them because it made it that much more amazing.  *6. Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun, this was another great dish, with a whole lobster (deshelled), giant shrimp, big chow fun noodles, and baby bok choy.  It was so tasty.7. Whole Peking Duck, This dish was just ok...I really wanted to try it, to compare it to Peking Duck House's version, and can say don't order it here..Its like the most expensive thing on the menu and you can find something tastier here for the money.*8. Charred Filet of Beef, So tender, it was like butter in my mouth.  This piece of beef was cooked to perfection, and then they top it off with this sauce, omg, this sauce was like heaven.  I don't know what was in it but it was def butter.  I tried every dish with a little bit of that sauce..so goodSo last but not least our desserts..Some how we ended up getting two chocolate desserts which I normally don't do but both sounded fabulous so that's what we chose.  From the first few bites I think my body wanted to go into a chocolate/sugar diabetic coma, but I pushed through it, because they were so amazing.*9.  Chocolate Mille Feuille, was this chocolate piece of art filled with bruled bananas, spiced chocolate ice cream, and this decorative avocado anglaise sauce (don't be afraid of the avocado, its sweet and creamy and you don't have to eat it, if you don't want).10. The last thing was this peanut butter chocolate pudding with cinnamon whipped cream, I don't recall what it was called but it doesn't seem to be on the regular menu.  The gooey dark chocolate and peanuts were absolutely amazingly delicious!And so to all my fellow Yelpers, especially the one that ordered fried rice here without egg in it (I won't name names) and all the scenesters without a clue, Buddakan is not only a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people, but they serve up amazingly creative and flavorful dishes that ONLY DESERVE TO BE EATEN by people that truly appreciate food for the art that it can be.
What a great place. Just loved the atmosphere. It was a perfect place to bring my friend to on her first NY visit. Each dish was better than the last. We tried the edamame dumplings, spicy pork dumplings, short rib appetizer, and soft shelled crab dinner. We shared it all and has some sake as well. I will definitely try to come back next time I am in NY.
The interior of Buddakan is pretty cool, especially the banquet hall; all in, the interior is this spots greatest asset. Otherwise, the food is alright. Our group of three had about a dozen dishes, so we definitely had enough food for a proper sampling. (Do you ever have a few drinks and just keep ordering food, as if ordering one last dish will find a cure for cancer?) Honestly, none of the dishes really stood our as being special. Everything was fine, but nothing to woohoo about. Although, the Crying Chocolate dessert was worth the calories. I'd probably come back here with a group of friends if they really wanted to go. (You'll eat there and like it!...I can hear one of them saying.) Buddakan reminds of Perbacco in San Francisco (in the way that most people like it, not in atmosphere or food style), I keep waiting for someone to explain all the raves to me.
I haven't given a lot of 5's, but this place is most definitely a 5.  The service was impeccable and the drinks were delicious, but a little teeny bit weak.  The edamame dumplings were as good as everyone says they are, and the tuna tartare rolls were delicious.  The black cod, the braised short rib and the dungeness crab fried rice were excellent.  We had two desserts- the coconut and the peanut butter bomb.  Both were great...we are coming back next week with more people to taste more stuff, but defintiely on par with Morimoto.
Wow.. I heart this place sorta kind of!  So, we didnt have reservations, but we totally got a seat in the lounge.  The Decor:  Muy chic. Love it. The Waitress:  Excellent.  She was so helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu.  However, she didnt tell us that it was basically a la carte.The Food:  Dee- Lish.  I had Cod..my date had Lamb Chops.  Very tasty.  I just didnt understand why they gave me a plate the size of 2 wall clocks with such a small amount of food.The Wine: I had a fabulous glass of Riesling...which I meant to write down the name...shoot!My only issue: Im from VA and Im used to complete entrees unless told otherwise...we were still hungry when we left..lolAny who, its a great place. I was impressed.
Buddakan is quickly becoming known as Steven Starr's monstrosity of a restaurant/bar.  My friend and I went on a restaurant hopping bonanza last month and Buddakan happened to be the last stop.  Although we were completely stuffed from the restaurant and bar we hit before Buddakan, we ordered 2 appetizers and each had two drinks from the drink specials.  WHAT A TREAT!  The crab rolls were amazing.. that is the dish I would recommend.  The drinks we ordered were all fruit infused and unique, although a bit pricey.  What you really come to this venue for is the ambiance.  Trendy, dark, asian.  Mr. Star must word associate the word "vase" when someone mentions the word "Asian" since they are everywhere!!  In the bathrooms, on the sides of the restaurant, downstairs, near the bar area.. etc.  Downstairs is a real treat, the high celings, motifs on the walls, secret caves and long banquet tables complete the feel to this spectacular restaurant.  Come for the atmosphere, stay for the food and drinks... and oh yes, check out the vases.
The food was good. I found the restaurant way too large to enjoy. Soo many floors and doors and what nots. It is a nice place to show off for Chinese but not really a repeat offender.
My first experience at this mega-Asian bistro with a large group was not great...last night with one friend, had a great time-- food very good, service depends!

While the interior is impressive (decorated kind of like the Viceroy Hotel in Santa Monica, but with dark wood), the service was terrible the first time I went.  We had a reservation, but had to wait for a table for 40 minutes...time does pass quickly there though as it is very scene-y and the techno-house music makes it a good party atmosphere, if not a bit meat-marketish.  Even though we were a huge table (12 people = huge tab especially with drinkers), we did not have enough wait staff and therefore people had to wait to get dishes, etc. and the wait staff was pretty rude when a couple friends tried to join us and pull up extra seats.

The second time I went with a girlfriend- we still had a wait an hour for our 9pm table reservation, but the downstairs library bar is nice and chill...the cocktails are good esp. prosecco with berries drink (think it's called the Charm?) and our waiter could have been a stand-up comedian.  The edamame dumplings while rich, were very good as was the mushroom chow fun (not too salty), steamed Chilean sea bass rolls (heavenly!), deviled egg tuna tartar, and chili rock shrimp were all very good.  We were stuffed after grazing on hot and cold small plates, but inspired by the dessert list and indulged in a peanut butter ice cream, creme fraiche, and chocolate number...yummmmm!

This is a good place to go before you go out...definitely puts you in a "going out" mood!
Went here recently for a little get together.  Always a great vibe at this joint.  My party really enjoyed the chili rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, pork belly sliders, crying chocolat, and the bread pudding.  All of us (4 guys) almost cried at how good the bread pudding was.  The bourbon cocktail was a real crowd pleaser.  Entrees were good too, but the apps and desserts were our favorite.
If you think this is fancy... think again. Too much hype about this place. Not bad for a get -together with friends. Not a "First Date" Place.
Housed in a big cavernous building that was once a cookie factory, this restaurant is a dramatic, (though somewhat stark) eatery in Chelsea.  The dark, unassuming grey entrance outside opens into a gigantic bi-level restaurant inside and definitely has a 'design hotel' ambiance.  Two greeters welcome you as you enter a whole team of hostesses stand behind the lobby reception-style desk to check you in for your reservation.  If possible, get your table downstairs where you'll see soaring ceilings, immense chandeliers and big murals of Adam and Eve by the bathroom.The food is Asian Fusion, with a few traditional dishes like the Peking duck.  I loved the Pork Belly appetizer and tuna spring rolls.  My date had the deviled tuna tartare, which was excellent.  It was spiced and dressed tuna with capers on top of egg salad.  Not the usual, but very very good. My entrée was the ginger crusted Mongolian Lamb which was perfectly cooked and highly recommended.  I had the blueberry butter cake for dessert which was substantial, and should definitely be shared.  The cake was warm and went really well with the corn ice cream.  They have some nice cocktails, and I enjoyed the 'Fate' (as in I like to leave my dining future to...) It was the perfect summer cocktail with pineapple juice, elderflower and prosecco.  Service is spot-on, the staff knows what they like and are happy to describe their favorites.
Great food, great atmosphere (except for the fact I was dining with my elderly parents), and a great crowd.  Is it the best food in the city, no.  Was the entire experience worth it, Yes!
The space is really fantastic, and the architecture "wows" (if that can be a verb). The grand, main dining room is 2 or 3 stories high and beautiful. The rest of the restaurant has a nice urban/Asian chic feel to it.  If you want to sit in the main room, make sure you include that requirement in your reservation, though, because the place holds about 200 tables and fewer than half are situated in the great room.The food is just okay. We had the Peking duck, the salmon, a tasty peanut noodle dish, and a bevy of appetizers. Nothing was bad. Nothing was great. I'm tempted to call the place over-rated.One of my dining companions put it well when he alluded to the chef's home turf by saying, "it's like Philadelphia's attempt at Asian fusion in New York."  Another predicted "the place will be packed with customers from New Jersey within a few months."They're both right.
By far the most incompetent management in the city this evening. The wait to pick up one's checked coat was over 20 minutes. The line was probably 70 people deep. And after the wait, having handed them my ticket, they had no record of my coat. They needed a lengthy description and another 5 minutes scouring their closet. And at the end, not even an apology. As a former regular, I won't be returning regardless of the need to check a coat.
HELLOOOO sexy Buddakan!  Walking into this restaurant is overwhelming in a good way. At first you find yourself getting the attention of the busy (but pretty) hostesses and then led into a dark, mysterious, and quite noisy lounge packed with customers. Our party of 3 was seated promptly in the dining area, which was at the bottom of double grand staircases. Every part of this restaurant was pretty and did I mention sexy? Now onto important stuff - the food. - The appetizer platter sampler was pretty good, a slight twist on dim sum. I would have liked something more savory, instead of fried items, but maybe I was just too hungry...- For the main course, shared family style, we had 4 dishes. The Spicy Crab and Shan Tong Noodles - probably my favorite dish of the night. The dish offered a good amount of heat that surprisingly didn't last in your mouth (I secretly wanted it to last). Loved it! The sizzling short rib was cooked to a perfect tenderness. If I were to give a small suggestion, I would have liked a seared crust on the outside for a more bold flavor. It was still good. We had a newer fish menu item I don't remember the name of... It was a stir fry dish with pieces of fish and vegetables on top of a fried exoskeleton part of the fish. (Hard to explain it) I wasn't wow'd by this dish because the tastes were mediocre. I think it needed some black pepper. I would have preferred the whole fish presented to me like how most Asian restaurants cook their fish. It locks in the flavors and most importantly, the moisture of the fish's meat. I guess they chop it up so people don't complain about deboning the fish themselves. We also had the vegetable rice with coconut foam. - For dessert we had the almond tapioca ice cream sandwich and banana fritters. I was not a fan of the cherries that came with the tapioca ice cream - I prefer fresh fruit instead of the ones you get in a cherry pie.  I really liked the banana fritters. It was filling and topped off all of insane amount of food I had just ate. At the end -- I was pleased.Our waiter was awesome too. She was spunky and extremely excited about the food we were about to eat. I would give it 5 stars, but I know I'm paying at least 3 times as much for the experience.
LOVED it. In the busy Meat Packing District so it's super close to a bunch of other restaurants, bars, lounges, clubs... It's a HUGE restaurant with a lounge/restaurant/bar upstairs and an even huge-r room (called the Grand Room) downstairs. Definitely recommend making reservations at the Grand Room, particularly if you have a large party. It's a huge space, but even if you go w/ a small party (it was just me and my date) you will not feel out of place as the service is very good and managed to retain a level of intimacy. The food was surprisingly good, I always worry about the *trendy* places but we enjoyed it. The rock shrimp dish was delicious... I recommend relying on your server as there is a wide selection. Desserts are also very good... especially the peanut butter/chocolate concoction, it was a delicious melted mess and I liked my fingers clean!All the drinks were also outstanding... you have to check it out, worth at least one experience. Prices were fine... I think it was only $200 for 2 of us which included tax/tip and a disgusting amount of cocktails, desserts, appetizers, entrees... oink oink.
Yummy yummy in my tummy. I didn't know we were coming here so I foolishly ate dinner before coming. However, some coworkers basically ordered one side of the menu, and I had to indulge.The charred fillet was amazing, as was the lobster, asparagus, black cod, lamb chops, and so on and so forth. They got some sausage fried rice, but me and my non-pork-eating self had to pass.Best part was the panacotta they brought us for ordering so much food! Sweet! And the drinks...and the setting...me likey. Definitely going to end up here again!
Simultaneously old-fashioned  hip, Buddakan blends medieval decor with tropical fauna in a vast space that's very easy to walk right past. Came at 5:30 when they opened up for dinner and were sat downstairs, not in the lounge (which filled up quite quickly before we departed). The Calamari Salad appetizer was surprisingly flavorful, the chilled udon noodles the best I've had, and the Kung Pao monkfish was spectacularly spicy yet not overpowering. Service was solid, portions tremendous (especially for the value--though drinks were a bit steep), and the ambiance was certainly nicer once more folks arrived to drown out the tunes. Happy we hit it up before the Chef departed for Asia.
Really awesome!  Fabulous ambiance - glamour to the hilt.  Gracious service...  and sexy in every way.  Must try from the menu; Edamame Dumplings and Peking duck.
The wait was definitely worth it!  Finally got reservations and had a fabulous meal last night at Buddakan.  I'm still thinking about the meal  the place itself....  After having dined at the Buddakan in Philadelphia a few times, I wouldn't have thought I'd be giving 5 stars to Buddakan NY but I think it totally deserves it! Not only is this place gorgeous inside but they actually serve up some good food!  The interior is sexy, grand, elegant, modern, and hip.  One of those places where you walk in, and you feel either you're just too cool for school or not cool enough.  Yes, it's somewhat obnoxious but I appreciated it for what it's worth... esp when I looked down on the grand banquette table downstairs with the super high ceilings and these lovely chandeliers hanging down.  As for the food... we started with 3 app's, which were all delicious.  The lobster egg rolls were delicious, as were the sea bass rolls.  The taro lollipops were OK but nothing I would get again.  For our main dishes, we had the tea smoked chicken (pretty good but a bit bland compared to the other much more flavorful dishes we had), short ribs (so tender and so good... even the table next to us asked what we were eating and commented, "we should've ordered that... damn... next time."), and my favorite of the night -- the spicy blue chili crab dish with egg noodles.  Nice shreds of crab meat mixed in spices with noodles, scallions, etc.  As for desserts (we somehow made room for a few!), we ordered the crying chocolate (white chocolate ganache in warm chocolate cake w/ espresso ice cream on the side) and the pumpkin souffle.  Didn't care for the latter but the former was tasty.The last pleasant surprise of the Buddakan experience was the price... definitely not a cheap eats spot but for all the great food we had and good service, it was very reasonably priced.  Thus, great food at a good price, awesome ambiance, and throw in a few celeb sightings and interesting people-watching... I'm going to stick to 5 stars!
I was told by a friend who lives in Philly (that's where the original location is) that this is the best restaurant EVER.  And when I heard that I just thought don't get too excited because we all know what happens when you over-hype something - it's a letdown.  But I'll have you know Buddakan was definitely not a let down.  It was probably the best meal I have ever had in NYC.  And I do eat out A LOT!  We started with some cocktails - obviously.  They all have cute names...mine was jealously.  I'd like to say I sampled some others but it was so freakin' good I just stuck with that.  For apps we got scallion pancakes - seems unoriginal I know, but they were fantastic!!  We also got the edamame dumplings b/c everyone raved about them...and they were very good.  But just a little note, they are very subtle in flavor, not bland, but they won't knock you out.  Ok now here's where it gets funny.  My friends and I aren't huge seafood fans and I heard the chicken was not good so we ordered 3 meat dishes.  The lamb chops, the filet of beef and the short rib were all amazing!!!  I honestly can't pick a favorite of the three.  Even though we were all feeling a tad bit full we decided to just go ahead and gain a nice round 10 lbs and order dessert.  We got the peanut thing (can't remember the name) and the Crying Chocolate.  Again, both were AMAZING!!Oh and a final note on service - the hostess who led us to our table was the friendliest woman, as was our waitress.  I did go to dinner at 7pm on a weekday - so maybe that's why they were in good spirits (no annoying, late night, out-of-towners (no offense of course)).  While I hate to give it up to my friend - Buddakan is worth all the hype!!
I've only gone here late at night for drinks. Beautiful space, fun atmosphere. After reading the reviews I will definitely come back for dinner. The tasting menu sounds like a good way to experience the large menu.
I went there for dinner last night with a good friend from Miami, my first time, his office is across the street, so it was easy to get to on the C train from Mid-town. The place is cavernous, but very tasteful. The people are very pretty and from all over the world. We were the spanish speaking table, next to us, brits, then on the other side italians and a host of other languages. The food was great, the portions were balanced, not these huge amount of food, but delicate, yet good sized. I had the Cod and Dumplings (Entree and appetizer) and I was very happy. I had a drink called "Lush" (yes I enjoy a drink!) it was a Sake based drink that was great. I was very happy with the service and reasonable price.
Def my favorite Asian restaurant in the city. The staff are super patient and attentive. Ordered a million things off  the menu and EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious. Decor is beautiful as well. Definitely a great place for group dinners.
Love this spot... food is amazing, really cool atmosphere, and the bar/lounge area in the front is not a bad alternative if you didn't make a reservation. I thought the hostess was also helpful, and she helped us get a table in that lounge area on a Friday night when there's always someone waiting to grab a table as soon as someone leaves.
Food was really great, service was great and the ambiance was amazing. prices were fare for NYC all and all a great experience.
Checking into Buddakan is like checking into a five start hotel, with over five girls at the counter ready to check you in, take your coats and escort you to the bar while your table is being readied.The ambiance is amazing, you feel like you are walking into a action thriller movie, where you expect actors to jump off the balcony and swing on the massive chandeliers.  WOW is all i have to say about the  massive space which has been very appointed in the trendiest of furnishings.The lobster egg rolls were crispy and steaming hot, the Rock shrimp was creamy and savory, but the tea infused chicken with baby bok choy and crab fried rice were an explosion of flavors that will take to a place you never want to leave.The cauliflower kimchi was fiery, the mushroom chow fun was calm but sassy and the New York Strip with a soy glaze was like Saigon and NYC going at in your mouth!The food, the ambiance, the attitude - worth every Benjamin.
Hi Five!  This is a gem waiting to be found. I must have walked by "Buddakhan" several times not noticing it (it blends in like a cameleon as a part of Chelsea Market). I live right in the neighborhood and it lived up to all expectations. First off, the place in gorgeous inside and the food is even more exquisite. It's not exactly cheap (runs about $50/person), but trust me, the quality and presentation of the food is what you pay for. We ordered the monk fish kung pao and the tuna tatar appetizer. Both were presented beautifully and absolutely delicious. What's even more amazing is how quality is maintained, in spite of the hundreds of people who come here each night, so definitely gets an A for consistency. Definitely the best Asian fusion restaurant I've been to in NYC. Come here with a date, friends, out of town guest, and make sure you dress up as well!
This restaurant was awesome!  It was my husband's first time in New York and I wanted to have a nice romantic dinner for my birthday.  Buddakan had great reviews on Yelp and I knew about it from the first Sex and the City movie where Big and Carrie had their rehearsal wedding dinner.  The food was extremely flavorful, delicious, and presentable.  Our waitress was so accommodating and friendly!  The dessert was awesome too!  We ordered two of them!  The ambiance was beautiful and the bar was awesome!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a fine dining experience which includes awesome food and great ambiance!
Omgosh this place is fabulous! No wonder Sex  the City filmed here for Carrie's rehearsal dinner. It was exciting to see the exact location of where the scenes were filmed and not only that, the place was HUGE! I felt like I was in a castle. It's amazing and beautiful inside, not to mention the food was terrific. Great place for a date or just a night on the town with your girlfriends. =)
I came here one Saturday evening just to eat dessert. The place was completely packed we had to wait about half an hour to get a seat.  The ambiance and decor was great.  The staff was pleasant and helpful. We had the desert which was excellent. I would highly recommend this place and would definitely visit again.  Next Time probably for Dinner.
Loved the space- very chic.  Service was great- friendly and prompt.  Food was overpriced, though-- it was good, but for the price it needs to be a little more exciting.  There wasn't much going on with the scallops, lobster eggroll and hot pot; they could have used more flavor.  We did enjoy the tuna tartare and the crying tiger dessert, but for the most part, I was looking for something else.  Fever cocktail was fun.
First time in NYC, when I didn't belive it could get better we ended our last night at Buddakan, fantastic food and visiting people!
This place is fantastic.  We were seated within 10 minutes on a Saturday night, even though we were extraordinarily late for our reservation.  The "reflection" cocktail is really juicy without being cloying and the food was exceptional.  We had the hoisin pork belly buns, Singapore chili crab and sizzling short ribs.  The flavors were perfectly balanced and I was very impressed by the service.  Also, the style of this place is exceptional-- I would come back just for the ambience.
The atmosphere and service is great.  The appetizers are awesome.  Highly recommend the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly.  The dessert was awesome.  The entrees are OK, small portions.  The noodles were too salty and nothing special.  Overall great experience and would go back again.
Been here twice with a group of 10 plus and I couldn't wait to come back.  Lots of small dishes which you can share.  Good choice of cocktails and the atmosphere is super cool.  I'll be back.
We went here on a Tuesday night and the place was packed.  Given that its in the meatpacking district you expect a nice decor but this place is  stunning.  The food  service was fantastic.  Just ask the waiter to order the best dishes and you will not be disappointed.  Great place for a business dinner or a special date.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE! That's 5 loves! Buddakan has it all--just make sure you have a reservation and you make it a couple weeks in advance for prime time seating :) The ambiance is HOT-- you walk into a great hall with oak covered walls and everything has the touch of Chinese antiquity. You feel like you are in the mansion of a Hong Kong billionaire. I think Buddakan is such an afrodisiac...eek! The food and the ambiance paired together just work. OK, OK--now to the food. I have had 2 different experiences at Buddakan--one was for a political fundraiser in the banquet room where the lighting is dim, the conversation plentiful, and service was super snappy. On Thursday, this place is a great singles scene for drinks in the bar area. No reservation required, just walk into the bar and be seated. You can order anything off the menu in the bar, so if you can't snag a regular reservation, the bar is a great bet.
The food is not mind blowing or great, but I really like the atmosphere and decor of Buddakan.  Seems a lot more fun for groups though, than for couples.  All the group tables in the back and downstairs on the main floor seemed like the place to be. Since it was just me and the lady, we got a regular table for 2 along the side/rail overlooking the long group table downstairs.  Wasn't too thrilled with our table location, but whatever I just hope the food is good.  Our waiter and the staff were very nice and efficient, unlike the front desk of airheads.  We didn't wanna get too full so we didn't load too much on appetizers or dim sum.  We just got the Sea Bass Rolls (nothing impressive) and General Tso Dumplings (big mistake).  Wish it was pork dumplings, but didn't see any on the menu.  Shoulda went with the waiter's suggestions of Edamame Dumplings.   We then got the Charred Filet of Beef with wonton potatoes and the Lobster.  The beef was really tasty, only wish there were more pieces though.   Didn't know "wonton potatoes" meant Lay's Potato Chips - original flavor.  That was a jip.  I liked the vegetable dishes the most.  We got the wok water spinach and the snow peas w/ mushrooms.  Very good.  I'd def. go back with a large group and share multiple dishes and to drink.  I wouldn't go back for a table for 2 cause you can't really try all the dishes with just 2.   We left still hungry.
What a smooth and relaxing environment. Big chandeliers from the ceiling to floor. The servers were pleasant, friendly models of a lovely world. The elderberry special cocktail was light and fresh. The edamame potstickers were creamy and delicious. The lobster egg roll was crispy. Entrees were good too. Cinnamon desert with cinnamon ice cream, was cinn-full (heehee). not too noisy, spacious, nice lighting, great for a date.
Excellent location, great staff, beautifully decorated.  All of our food choices were wonderfully prepared, presented and priced.
Wow ! Their menu is unusual and the food tastes outstanding. Excellent ambience, food and service. Definitely on the expensive side.
buddakan is like a painting...first the canvas is primed and a setting is painted as a backdrop. the food and drinks are the subjectif it's done right, all are considered and you don't focus on one or the other.simply put- great food, amazing ambiance.
This rating not for the restaurant experience, but for customer service we received from their General Manager Andy Vaughan. He was nice, attentive, apologetic, prompt in his responses and understanding. I hope his crew takes his example and when we come next time we'll have totally different experience.
4.5I was brought here last weekend, my date was super stoked about the place  his excitement rubbed off on me. Seeing as he is a bit of a culinary snob, I was sure it wouldn't disappoint.We were a half hour late for our reservations  the hostesses were very accomodating, it was very appreciated seeing the crowded bar  full restaurant. We started off with a carafe of sake and were seated within 15 minutes. The beef tartare was a toe-curler and I loved the peach tartine dessert.Dinner was outstanding as well.I loved the decor  the various uses of the cavernous space. We dined downstairs and as I was sayshaying down the ornate steps I had an imagine in my mind of entering that crazy-mask-sex-party scene of  "Eyes Wide Shut" coming down the giant staircase.FUN!
I have to say the decor was very impressive. But the food didn't live up to the expectation. Lobster fried rice was just ordinary, and the lamb was over cooked. If you are a fan of fusion Asian food, lower your expectation about the food you get from Buddakan.
This place rocked. Pretty people everywhere, and all drunker than the next one I mean what else could you want?? The food was great too - order the mabo tofu, seriously. It's freakishly tasty. The appetizer menu is wonderful, in fact i think we made our full meal on just tons of appysCrazy pysco palatial dining room with grand stairways, which by the way is comedy to try to navigate after a few of their signature drink 'Heat'. Don't ask me what the heck was in it all i knows it was like um hi who are you and yes i'm from LA why is this drink warm ooh look shinyyyyy ok luv you bye!
Buddakan....This place is huge, definitely worth seeing....Unassuming from the outside, but once you step in, it kinda reminds me of a castle inside. It's definitely one of those sceney places...which I usually am not fond of, but I had an ok time, considering the guy I was with was basically having text sex with a woman he knew across the room, while some other guy was kissing her neck. Classy, no? That band Augustana was eating at the long table in the middle of the room the night I was there. The food was pretty good, I remember really liking the taro puff lollipops. I'd go back in a group for a special occasion, or to take people from out of town (like parents who are willing to pay the bill, haha) because the decor really is amazing...but overall, a little too sceney for me.
You would naturally be nervous about the quality of food since the place is so...so...so big, but no need to worry. I have had dinner here at least 12 times and I had never had a meal that was less than great. I live for the chili shrimp and filet mignon.  Great bartenders. Beware of Friday and Saturday night...becoming a little touristy, but still worth it. The original Buddakan in Philadelphia is also great. Go with friends and order a bunch of small plates and enjoy!
Buddakan's one of my three 5-star restaurants in the city! I love the space (ex-Nabisco factory converted to 2-storey restaurant) AND the menu (food and cocktails). I really like their take on dim sum. My favorites are the edamame dumplings and taro puff lollipops, as well as the shaken chill beef tartare and glazed alaskan black cod from the cold appetizer and fish menus respectively. The desserts are impeccable. I'm hoping there will be new additions to the menu the next time I visit.  Buddakan's is a great place to take someone who has an interest in trendy restaurants and appreciate good food. I've seen couples, groups, families, and after-work crowds and I'm definitely taking my parents here the next time they visit. My point is, trendy places can serve up good food too!  I try not to be suckered by the Buddhist theme but, so far, Tao and Buddakan have impressed me with their food and ambience. Next, Buddha Bar? :)
multiple failed dates here, but like this place a lot. great decor. "asian fusion" fare that isn't so bad.
Gorgeous!  Great food!  Superb service! Just do it!
The food was just ok, but the decor of the restaurant is just incredible! You will feel like you are entering an old palace. Im not a fan of sweet sauce, which is perhaps why I didnt enjoy the food too much. Lobster fried rice was delicious though- even on an almost full stomach. We ordered it towards the end of our meal.
Trendy and nice atmosphere, good food, but pricey.The biggest draw is the atmosphere. It's hip, but still pleasant, and also a little bit stunning in how expansive the place feels (the central areas ceiling's are 2 or 3 stories high).The food was good (I especially liked the black cod), though not amazing given the prices (appetizers ~$12, entrees ~$30, sides ~$10, desserts ~$10), and the portions were on the small side. The food is served family-style though, which is fun =) (at least I think so)
I live a third of each year in China. I know Chinese food.I am quite impressed with the ingredients used here and how they changed them up a bit to make the dishes modern. Hot pot Chicken, beef, pork buns, cauliflower -- heck, all of the veggie sides were great! Fish! All of it! YUM!I reccomend going with a GROUP and ordering as many dishes as you see fit. I'll be back!!!
This is one swank joint! Very classy interior, excellent food and very attentive service. I came in with friends and we were clearly under-dressed, but the staff still treated us like VIPs! My only complaint: very noisy, even on a weeknight.
This place is where to take your out-of-town friends.  The spot is impeccable - from space to service.  The food is also not bad.  I had their House Special Fried Rice that came loaded with lobster, shrimp and scallop.  All for a mere $15 - I didn't even finish half of the bowl.I also had their short rib scallion pancake - it was....just meat on top of a toasted bread.  I won't order that again.I then polished off dinner with the lemon souffle dessert - it was very good.I like how this place serves wine by the glass.  And adore the communal table seating in the bar area.Will definitely be here again!!!!  Great way to beat the summer heat!
Amazing food and atmosphere!Apparently, it was first opened in Philadelphia, but I haven't been there yet. The New York location is enormous and it is tastefully decorated. The moment you enter the lobby, you will appreciate the time and capital they have invested in this place. We ordered at least one dish from each food categories (meat, rice, appetizers etc) but my favorite was Scallion pancakes and charred filet of beef. The rest (spring rolls, vegetable rice, calamari salad, crying chocolatejasmine cheesecake) was also incredible.The service was excellent. The waitress was attentive throughout the dinner. The plates were presented elegantly. For what you are getting (atmosphere, service, dinning etc), the price is reasonable. I also think that it is a great place for special occasions. I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time (2-3 weeks prior).
Best Asian place I went in my life. I give 5-star only to this one and Peter Luger Steakhouse!Excellent excellent food, interior design is great!!! (sex and the city was it?)You have to be dressed classy (because pretty girls are everywhere) and maybe take a small sweat or pull over, because A/C is strong (Summer). Dishes are well designed and service is perfect.A Must !
MMMMM this place was well worth it and so delicious! We ordered the BBQ spare ribs and lobster fried rice. Both were mouthwatering and super tasty. They definitely hit the spot! Cocktails were also very good. The restaurant is two stories and simply amazing. Seems like a fun place to have a big dinner because of the big communal table on the bottom floor(where SATC 1 was filmed also)! Our server was also very accommodating- we will surely return! Rezzies a must!!
I had been dying to go here since it opened, just had not gotten a chance until last week my dear friend from LA came in to celebrate her birthday. We had a large group and were immmediatly seated on a great table. The decor is absolutely grand in every way , from walking down the massive stairsinto the immense dining room with huge chandeliers cascading from the ceiling, it is a must see.we basically ordered everything on the menu and it all tasted fantastic.pricey but worth the experience! i will go again, soon hopefully!
This place has a great atmosphere and the general tso soup dumplings were our favorite food item our whole trip. We also ordered the cod and the lobster rice. Both were good but pricey. Great place for a date night and so close to Chelsea market.
We had dinner here on Tuesday night and let me just say it was fantastic!I will dream about the edemame dumplings for many years to come. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly.
I'm really writing this to jump on the edamame dumpling bandwagon. As people scroll reviews this app should be front and center.
My parents decided to treat me for a birthday dinner at Buddakan.  As soon as I steped into the place i was in awe of how sheek the decor was.  The food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable for a trendy resturant.  The presentation of the food was very nice but the deserts were out of this world!!!!!!!
Try black cod, rock shrimp and edamame dumplings. They are all amazing.
Okay let me start off by staying that this place is to die for when it comes to decor. It is top notch! Out of this world. When it comes to food it is Ok. Not the best I have ever had (which is disappointing since it is a bit pricy) but still pretty good. Of course at a place like this you have to get a bunch of different things to share. I won't going into everything since the majority of the things I had are already talked about on other reviews. The only thing I want to point out is the lobster and scallop fried rice. It was amazing. Defiantly something I would want to get again! Overall I am glad that I tried this place, but I would not be itching to come back again. There are way to many other places I need to try in NYC first :-)
Certain foods are nonetheless orgasmic in life. Buddakan has to be doing that to men and women every single night! Their asian fusion fare tasted authentically refreshing. I had the edamame dumplings, chili lump crab meat over longevity noodles, hong kong style ribeye steak with turnip fries, and lobster fried rice. Yep! I reached that big O. Not only was the food awesome, the service was great too. Plus, you get to sit in a restaurant with great ambience and gorgeous decor. I would LOVE to come back and try more deliciousness. Who cares how much it costs right???
From SATC to Top Chef, Buddakan could easily fall into that trap of being overhyped. I've been to way too many asian fusion restaurants with poor execution or plain lack of creativity. First of all I warn you that even if you have a reservation time, it appears that you're never seated on time. It's probably because the hostess knows they're so busy, it doesnt really even need your patronage. A 350 seat restaurant according to our waiter, and the layout is absolutely gorgeous, you certainly cant get this ambiance in San Francisco.  Unfortunately we werent placed in the main room, DKNY apparently had booked the 40 seat center table for the night. Tucked away into a corner, it was actually still quite nice, though we were surrounded by several 16 seat tables that just seemed too large.As for the food, some absolute standouts, and some that were just OK.. 1) Edamame dumplings with truffle oil-Absolute standout, the truffle oil is not overwhelming. SO GOOD that I decided to get another order as my dessert 2) Hoisin glazed pork belly with buns-When did pork belly enter the NYC conscience and go on every menu?#1 Momofuku #2 Buddkan #3 Ippudo3) Miso glazed black cod w eggplant relish and black bean foam-No clue what the foam was about. Excellent piece of fish but it would be more of a shame if they messed it up.4) Charred fillet of beef w mustard-well cooked but nothing special and certainly didnt have much asian flare to it5) Broken chili chicken, thai basil, chinese pepper-visually gorgeous, my friends really liked it, but I thought the sauce was more memorable then the actual chicken which was basically breaded and sliced6) Almond bread pudding w whiskey ice cream-actually was an excellent dessert, but Ill admit I only had a taste since I was busy eating another round of edamame dumplingsAll in all a well executed asian fusion menu with some memorable dishes, ambiance of course is amazing, even the bathrooms are fun. I would probably give it 3.5 stars but on yelp a 4 because I love the main dining room!
I decided to take a friend here for his 30th birthday to celebrate, I made reservations surprisingly it had a really good crowd for a Monday evening. We were seated quickly, and given ample time to look over the menu. We ordered the scalion pancakes  for an appetizer which were a tad salty and greasy. The drinks were cute however none of the signature cocktails were strong, more so sweet and danty. When it cametime to order the main course I decided to order chicken as the last time I dined there I ordered from the seafood menu and was disappointed in the portions of the food. I ordered the the Broken Chili chicken $22, lobster fried rice $16, which we shared the rice. The chicken was a bit salty and not spicy at all for something with chili in the name.  Needless to say 1. I was diappointed in the portion of the food for the money they charge one piece of chicken is not sufficient the rice bowl was no where near full. My friend decided to go with something from the meat portion of the menu the sizzling short rib $26 which was tastey and I would say a sufficient portion. Dessert was good and a sweet ending with Happy Birthday written on the plate and a candle. The overall ambiance of the restaurant is very nice. However they need to up the game on their food portions VERY disappointing for such a well known 5 star restaurant.
Awesome place! Great cocktails, great atmosphere, great food. I have been here several times and will be back many more. Solid place to take out-of-towners, dates, and for other special occasions. Or for just a really good meal and experience. I highly recommend this place. You will not be disappointed.
The husband picked this place for one of our dinners out in NYC and it was the BEST pick ever. The bartenders are great and the food is even better. The crab sticky rice was soo good. The best sticky rice I've had and I've had plenty. The atmosphere was even better and like many other reviewers, there is a great reason why they filmed here in SATC. The edamame dumplings are to die for. They are extremely different and you'll have no idea what the explosion of flavor will be like. Very busy, make reservations ahead of time.
I went over a year ago and still remember the food. Everything was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is BIG and is decorated beautifully.
Crowd:  Tourist and suburban.  Of course, it was a Saturday so most places feel that way.Food:  Excellent.  Lots of interesting dishes with an Asian feel.  The fish dishes are fantastic.Atmosphere: Crowded in the bars (yes there are two!). I recommend the downstairs bar.  Try to get a table in the HUGE cavern that makes you feel you are in a castle room downstairs.  You'll be much less likely to feel the crowd or have someone knock into your wine.Service:There is an airport like check-in just inside the door that is just the beginning of a good service that feels a bit alternative.  But somehow, this mad house hangs on.Price:We were a large group of six and with booze a mid range wine and tip  included we spent around $100 a head.
Look at meeeee!!!  I'm in New Yoooorrrrkkkk!!!   And I'm Druunnnkkk!!!! Because the waiters kept pouring whatever I waaannttteeeeddd!   And my clients are Haaappppyyyy!!! Good food, attentive service, really pretty spot -  but the food didn't knock my socks off...  (socks knocked off = hubba hubba)I enjoyed the tuna app - tuna tartare tuna springrolls - though the avocado thing seemed like avocado "stretched" with egg whites.  I grew up in the Northeast and realized htat in CA we're privileged with avocados...but given the option between false avocados and something a little closer to native, I'd pick something besides false avocados.  Besides,  really, for the bank my company paid for this dinner, there's no reason we couldn't have had avocado body wraps...Anyway, solid service (how our waitress was skilled to pour a full bottle of prosecco with one hand!) pretty and okay food.   Good expense spot.
Our group actually had an amazing time here!  We loved the edamame dumplings and the noodles were wonderful.  Actually, every plate we sampled was so delicious!  Our server was attentive and it was never so loud that we could not hear each other.  We will be back!
Beautifulllllllllll restaurant, one of the few that have taken my breath away with the decor. Service very fast and attentive. Do not recall the specific plates we had it was a party of 10 and they ordered many plates for us, but I must say every dish I tried was amazing! I definitely recommend it whether it's for a birthday, date, etc.
Good food and great atmosphere for a few drinks and dinning.
This is a fav of mine in NYC.  The lounge is set up fantastically in the front of the restaurant with a great feel and ultra-cool decor.  So, good place to get your pre-dinner groove on.  Then, moving onto the next step, the dining room is impressive. The largest dining room looks like some huge elaborate main dining room from an ancient Viking palace...lots of wood, big chandeliers, three stories tall, large communal table.  Even if you dont get a seat in the main dining room, wherever you are you will find a great menu of unique cuisine. Then...you have all of Meat Packing district to explore after dinner.  A great place.
Buddakan was great. Everything EXCEPT the scallion pancake was well received table side (do not order the scallion pancakes.. they were actually quite bad). The mushroom and edamame shumai and rock shrimp were winners.Service was good and they have a great bar area to wait for members of your party to arrive.The only detriment outside of the scallion pancakes was the price, which came out to around $90 a person all in. Expensive for the type of food.
high class 5 star food in a high class 5 star restaurant. great atmosphere, great service, great people. highly recommend this restaurant to everyone. dishes well worth the prices which are fair.
So good everytime. Steamed pork buns must. Boyfriend gets the pepper beef everytime. Filet mignon so tender. Perfect for couples or groups. Appetizers or full meals. So good!
This place is a good example of why food is all that matters to me when it comes to eating out. For starters, "Asian fusion" is a term I've heard much of, and it seems like one "Asian fusion" joint is opening up every ten minutes on the street corner of the chic area of some American metropolis. This does not mean, however, that the food is bad. Most experiences for me at "Asian fusion" joints have been enjoyable, and Buddakan would be no different. When my mom announced that this is where she had reservations to, I asked how she heard about the place. After telling me a friend recommended it, she also stated that this place had been featured on "Sex and the City." Sorry, fans of that show, but I started to doubt if I would enjoy this place upon hearing that. Upon entering Buddakan, I was taken aback by the atmosphere. Very dark in terms of coloring, and full of beautiful young people, who decided to come eat here after they had finished their shopping sprees at the Banana Republic. As a 22 yr old with his two parents, we looked slightly out of place, but I got over it. Remember, it's about food. And good god, the food. We got things going with the pork belly, the lobster egg rolls, and the spare ribs. My favorite was the pork belly, but the other two were also incredibly delicious in their own right. For dinner, we ordered the rib-eye, the fillet, and the lamb chops to all share. The rib-eye was hands down my favorite of the three, but the other two were delicious, especially the lamb chops. The drinks were good, and I was happy that they served Brooklyn lager, which I became a fan of during my trip. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, meaning that our whole experience was perfect. I would go back here in a heartbeat, all for the food!
I have been here about 5 times, and never been disappointed. The edamame dumplings are amazing.   Everything I have ordered here is great.  They have a drink called 'fever' - it has jalapeno in it...how much better than that can you get? This is the place I bring friends when they are visiting, because the food is amazing and the place is beautiful.
Adventures with an Expense Account (part II):Last night, Monday, we had a large corporate dinner at Buddakan.  Reservations for 6:30 and got the large communal table on the lower level.  The food was served family style, with a preset menu, and the alcohol was flowing, from a preset menu.  The food (approx 6 types of dim sum / apps, 5 types of entrees, and 6 types of dessert) and booze (sake, red and white wine, cocktails) were mostly great!  I wish I could describe everything we were served, I can't, but I can tell you my favorites!Dim Sum / Apps:- Edamame Dumplings- Tuna Spring RollsEntrees:- Sweet Crispy Jumbo Shrimp- Roasted duck served with cucumber, scallions, hoisin sauceDessert:- Crying Chocolate- White Chocolate Rice PuddingThe Pinot Noir and the Malbec were great and the Silence tea I ordered with the dessert was really nice too!All and all the service was wonderful, however a little heavy on the alcohol pouring, and we all had a great time!Thanks Buddakan
Okay - I understand why people like this place.  It's got really amazing decor and tasty, unusual cocktails.  However, it's really expensive, and I found that the food wasn't really anything to write home about.  As other reviewers have mentioned, you can get something tastier in Chinatown for a quarter of the price.  On the other hand, that wouldn't be as trendy.  That's really the selling point of this establishment - that they're hip and exclusive, and that's why they book you for a 10pm reservation and then make you wait another two hours to be seated.  There are so many places to eat in New York City - if you repeatedly get told that it'll "just be a few minutes," you may want to hightail it elsewhere.
The decor of this place is so impressive! The space is huge and you feel like you are in an Emperor's palace from Asia. Each room is spacious, dark and filled with modern antique like vases. Although we ate upstairs, the downstairs room is amazing! Once you look down, you see a long table with 3 huge chandeliers. This would be a perfect place for a large party.For Valentine's day, I dined here with 3 other lovely ladies. The cuisine is fusion, upscale Chinese. Everything is meant to be shared family style. Everything was presented in a beautiful, unique fashion. For starters we shared four appetizers:Deviled tuna tartare: Delicious, fresh tuna was mixed with avocado and diced eggs. Steamed sea bass wrapped with lettuce: This was really light and fresh.Chili rock shrimp: These tasted like popcorn shrimp flavored with spicy chili oil. VERY good!Scallion pancakes: These were SO good, crispy onion pancakes topped with braised short ribs and julienned apples. This is a must order!For our entrees, we also shared four:Peking duck: juicy, tender meat and crispy skin were served with scallions, cucumbers, and hoisin sauce on the side. You take a mini tortilla and wrap it in all the ingredients. Fun and SO good.Lobster meat and eggplant: Huge lobster meat diced and stir fried with black bean sauce. Lamb chops: mini lamb chops were also very juicy and tenderSweet  Sour scallops: really good and the sauce was served with an unique combination, corn and black beans.Dessert was yummy! We had the white chocolate frozen parfait with kumquat ice cream. The white chocolate just tasted like ice cream.. and the tart flavor from the kumquat ice cream was a really good combinations. We also shared the coconut souffle. It was very airy and light and it was served with a side of sauteed pineapples. Overall, I would highly recommend coming here if you want to go out big. The atmosphere in itself is worth coming here. It's very New York!
I thought it was great.The front desk was as if your checking into a hotel, makes sense for the size of this palce. The decor was amazing. We shared meals and took suggestions from the waiter. He was very knowledgable and helpful. We asked him about frog legs to try something different and we took him up on it. Not my particular taste but I was happy to try something new.The serlion cut was cooked to perfection and has the best garlic butter sauce I ever had. It was the best cooked piece I ever had.
After missing running late and therefore missing our reservation time, we had to wait (and wait) to be seated.  I'm glad we decided to stick around though.  I figured this place to be more about the scene than the food, so I didn't expect much of the food.  To my surprise though, the food was actually pretty good.  We had a few drinks and ordered a few apps, then each ordered one entree.   A lot I know, it may seem a bit much, but my friend and I wanted to be able to try a few things out.The place itself was really something to look at.  When you enter it's super dark and there is a sleek counter with more than say 3 girls waiting to get your reservation info.  Felt more like a hotel than a restaurant to me, but nice.  While we waited we stood in the bar area, and I mean stood in the only free spot in the room.  The place was jam packed.  The place was huge, dim, and very  modern looking.  It looked like it was something straight out of a movie, or a show.  You know the one...All in all, the place was really pretty.  As for the rest, (again) I was pleasantly surprised.  P.S. Yummy pork belly!!
What a scene, and what a room.Showed up early to try for a table with a friend and we were slammed in the tiny bar area like sardines, and walked over to the top of dining room stairs, and how incredible a sight. A huge cavern of a room with epic-sized circular chandeliers, we had to make connection phone calls for a table (friend works PR), and decided on Spice Market (mistake) instead. Aghast on the beautiful space. Felt like church (in a good way).Might not jinx it with an actual dinner.
I think Buddakan is really good, and for a place that does about a thousand covers a night the food is fantastic.I'm really skeptical about mega-restaurants such as Buddakan, because many times I have been disappointed with TAO which after all started this trend. Buddakan manages to impress with its decor, the huge drop for its main dining hall and most importantly its food, I'm writing this review just after my 5th time dining there, and the food is very impressive for the price. I find buddakan a cheaper and hipper alternative to Megu, which I believe in this cuisine is the benchmark. Unfortunately Megu is so expensive it takes a special occasion for me to go there.I recommend Buddakan, for people looking to have a good time, and delicious food.
I came here with my parents and boyfriend for my birthday this past October and had a great experience. My boyfriend and I were running a bit late and the staff were very accommodating and we only waited a couple of minutes to be seated (this was a sunday night). Sitting downstairs is a must - the decor is impressive. I had the deviled tuna tartare to start and it was excellent. We also shared the chili rock shrimp and General Tso's dumplings which were very good as well. For our main dishes we shared the sizzling short rib which was excellent, as well as the shrimp and lobster chow fun, the chilled udon noodles, and the chinese sausage fried rice. I especially loved the chinese sausage fried rice, the fried egg is a nice touch. All of the food was delicious and our waiter was very friendly and helpful. I also had the 'Fate' cocktail which I would recommend to all those who enjoy sweet, girly drinks as much as I do. A bit pricey but fun for a special occasion,  I would return without a doubt.
Went for a birthday party and wanted to hate it a little because the crowd wasn't my style but I have to say that the food was so good that I didn't care about the crowd. Waiters took care of our party of 12 no problem. We got the 3rd tasting menu and literally everything on it was spectacular. Expensive but oh so good.
My friend and I went here for drinks and appetizers a while back.  We just stumbled upon it as we were walking down 9th ave.  The decor is beautiful.  Love the inside of the restaurant.  The cocktails are delicious.  The appetizer I had was quite tasty, some sort of brisket thing.  Great place.
Excellent!  We had an attentive, friendly waiter who had great suggestions.  Prices were extremely reasonable for the area.  Food was delicious!
Great drinks, great food, great place to ppl watch!! What more can you ask for!!  The manager is sooooo nice... we were there just a minute past the last call for order but he took our order anyways, and it came out sooo quickly!  You gotta try their Crab Fried Rice!! It is amazing and the crab is sooooooooooo sweet!  They recommended the Edamame Dumplings which is supposed to be their signature dish but I didn't care too much for it!!  A little too heavy for me!Make sure you have their specialty cocktails!  I luv'd the "charm"...can't hurt to add a little more "charm" to my body. ;-)
This is my favorite Nobu-esque spot but Chinese cuisine.  Request the cozy Library Room, where you can watch people at the hidden bar, or enjoy the glow from the rooms Golden lighting.As you head down their grand stairwell, and enter the ballroom dining room, complete with chandeliers, and pure luxury decor, the Library room offers a more intimate feel.Food is delicous, the lollipop taro puffs are cleverly presented.  The dishes we shared were all tasty, and the fusion approach was quite sucessful.  This is one of those places where you have to be ready to paint the town red, compete with a sexy dress, clutch, and an eye candy in tow.  The patrons are very city chic, the reservations must be made, the hostesses quite numerous, due to the size of this place.  Even with reservations, expect to wait.  Typical NYC...  Which brings me to the point, that beautiful places have no bearings to how the food is.  Case in point-I've been to Spice Market, when that was the place to go, and despite the beautiful decor, the food was never quite up to par, and I had returned a few times to make sure I wasn't there on an off night...  but Buddakan truly comes up on top as the place to go, for the decor, the people watching, and the food.  So I don't mind if this is the cool trendy place to go, as long as they keep the food tasty, the service good, and the decor well maintained.  I plan on coming back as soon as possible!  This place is yummy chic!!!
The decor is amazing...simply amazing.  One of the best that I've been to thus far in NYC...one of the largest too.  The only things off the top of my head that I can think are that big are Del Posto, Tao and Megu.Hostesses are incompetent.  We arrived at 9:30 for our 9:30 reservation...at 9:50 we asked how long it would take and got an "Oh, I didn't think the whole party was here." (which still boggles my mind why a place won't sit a group of say 4 out of 6 people or whatever)So waiting in the bar wasn't that bad, had a goog cocktail the Redemption; but, the seating and set up isn't very user friendly.Not our server's fault (there were 11 of us); but, the food was very slow to come out and very spotty. Even after an appetizer (scallion pancake..not good), entree (schezuan strip steak...very good) and desert (crying chocolate...YUM) I still wanted a slice of pizza or hot dog on the walk home.
An all-time favorite and went back again on Saturday night for a 9:00 PM reservation. After a 45 min. wait at the bar, we got seated. Our server was excellent and knew the menu inside out and made very good recommendations. All in all, most reviews cover pretty much my consistent experience here: Great ambiance, great service and amazing food. The duck and the sirloin are two absolute musts. Portions are perfect for sharing. Always have a great time at this place and can't wait to go back.
Went there last Saturday for a last minute bday dinner. While we couldn't score a table in the actual dining room (thanks for nothing, credit card concierges!!!), we were able to find seating in the bar area right away and, after looking around a bit helplessly for a few minutes or so, even secured our server for the night. We started with a few drinks (Charm, Tranquility, Splash), all of which were tasty. For appetizers, we went with the edamame dumplings as so many folks here had recommended them, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the scallion pancakes. I will agree that the dumpling filling reminded me of baby food as well, they were tasty but not something I'd order again. The pancakes and the short ribs were tasty but the meat was a bit too cold when the dish arrived at the table. The tuna spring rolls were my favorite, although the dough around the fish threw me off...as I always thought egg rolls were friend and spring rolls were not. However, still very, very tasty!We followed up with one Asian sausage fried rice, the sweet and sour chicken and the spiced tofu. I would recommend skipping the tofu dish as the tofu itself was spongy, flavorless and soggy and the veggies a bit too oily. The sweet and sour chicken was good but lacked flavor (think boiled chicken...watery). The fried rice was def. my favorite and the fact that it was a huge dish didn't hurt either. All in all, we spent less than 150 on 3 drinks, 3 appetizers and 3 main courses - and that includes tip already - for a trendier place in the city, this really isn't bad. Although, previous reviewers were spot on about the water: we had to ask to even get any in the first place and had to continuously ask for refills.
I could come here every single day and enjoy a Tranquility (citrus vodka and lemongrass-infused oolong tea) and the tuna tartare spring rolls and be the happiest person alive.  Throw in the edamame dumplings (which are beyond anything the name could conjure up) and the lobster and shrimp chow fun and you could convince heaven exists and I am in it.  The menu is so extensive from drinks to dim sum to main dishes to dessert that you would be remiss to not try everything you could even though you have favorites that you crave the moment you leave your table.  the decor is stunning, from the Moorish cut out doorways and enormous vases that could have been cut from said doorways to the chandelier-draped dining room with the extremely high ceilings.  Our server was knowledgeable, sweet, and attentive as was the rest of the staff.  No sooner do you finish a dish than a suited gentleman who could be the secret service whisks away your plate to make room for the next course.  The sea bass roll was mild to the taste but I love that.  The broken chili chicken is not spicy but still lovely.  The snap peas and candy-crusted Mongolian lamb chops rounded out a fantasy birthday meal.  And the desserts, which I'm shocked we had room for, the Crying Chocolate and Almond Bread Pudding, I'm pretty sure only existed in my dreams until Saturday night.  The only question is, when I return can I break from my pattern of ordering what I already know I love to explore their other offerings...we shall see....
I would give 6 stars if I could...Came here for my birthday...how old? 20-something ok ;-). I had a great time in an amazingly nice/fancy/trendy atmosphere, with INCREDIBLE, Delicious, Amazing, Special food, and Excellent service where you feel like you are worth a million bucks. It's expensive but you have GOT TO try it. Even though we had 10pm reservations which were made a month! in advance, we had to wait 45 minutes to get the main dining room, which is trust me, where you want to have this fantastic dining experience, so it is a very POPULAR place and for the right reasons.
If you're looking for a place to go for your birthday, this is it. Large space and beautiful decor. After dinner, there are numerous places to go to from dive bars to clubs. Food wise I fell in love with the Buddakan in Atlantic City for their sea bass.  A year later, and it is still the best sea bass i've ever had. The Buddakan in the city has a similar menu. I got some sort of steak.. it was cut up into small pieces and stacked.  Not sure what it was called but it was damn good. Overall, a good place to go have a good time with a group.
Stunning meal! We returned to buddakan after dining here in 06 and 08 and it still delivers. The meal was fantastic we shared several of the main courses and hot appetizers among our group of 8. Each one as well as the incredible lobster and crab fried rice dishes were delightful. The lamb chop was unbelievably good. The service was great and very attentive. Dessert was three great chocolate dishes ending the meal on a high note. Highly recommend!
Cool scene and good ideas on the food but not all that great in the execution. I really like the shrimp dumplings but have better potstickers. The rock shrimp needed some sweetness. Best on the menu wad the cod. Very flakey and tender, cooked perfectly. The chili crab noodles had excellent flavor but were overcooked and the pork mushu was unfortunately the same. Great flavor but tough. Overall a place for atmosphere but not for Asian fusion excellence
Fancy and expensive!!! Massive space for a restaurant, food is so so, typical "fancy" Chinese, was not impressed.  Came for a birthday once, to see what's the hype all about, but will not return.
I last ate at Buddakan almost a year back. But the awesome memories of the food that evening still remain with me.It was a Monday evening, and my friend and i had reserved a table beforehand. But when we reached there we found a huge crowd, and were told that we would have to wait for sometime inspite of booking in advance. We bought a couple of drinks and waited in the lounge, and this gave me time to soak in the surroundings.I had been told that it was a Asian and European fusion restaurant. When i entered the restaurant, i immediately looked upon a wall to wall picture, of a Venetian neighbourhood, canals and gondolas and everything. Just that the people were Chinese. The fusion theme was driven home into me as nothing else possibly could :)After some time we were asked to follow someone to our table and we walked behind him, and walked, and walked, and walked. The sheer size of this place is stunning. I can confidently say that this is the biggest restaurant i have ever been to.The food, especially the desserts, were very very tasty. However the service was what was more impressive. My friend is a vegetarian, and when the young lady who was serving us discovered that, she promptly informed her that the veg fried rice that she had ordered had some seasoning which was made of some fish product (which my friend obviously did not know of) and went on to suggest a number of other alternatives. I have rarely seen anyone quite so educated about the intricacies of the menu of the place.It is one of the more expensive places i have been to in New York, but the food and the experience is worth every cent of it.
I expected more from this place due to the reviews on here. Maybe i shouldn't have set my expectations so high. The food was overpriced and mediocre, I've had better Chinese food in Chinatown. For appetizer, i ordered the calamari salad which were just ok. For my entree, i had the dungeness crab sticky rice and mao poe tofu. The portions here are really small for the price you pay.I would have to say that the decor is spectacular but the lighting was too dark that I couldn't even read my menu! The restaurant was pretty spacious compared to other restaurants in the city. If you're all about decor, then you should definitely try this place out.
Fantastic food, fantastic service, fantastic ambiance, fantastic experience!My wife and I went this past Friday night. We showed up right on time for our reservation. The host seemed to know my first name immediately upon me saying my last name, which was a neat trick. We were immediately and politely escorted to the lounge where we waited only a few minutes before a very serious looking man with an ear piece came to escort us to our table. He carried our drinks and walked us all the way to the back of this huge restaurant to what had to be the worst table in the house. We sat there for a few minutes, but then went back to find the man and ask for a better table. He told us to wait 20 minutes and within 10 minutes we were very politely taken to what had to be the best seat in the house. A four top in the main downstairs room where the two of us could sit side by side and both face the room. An extremely friendly waiter then came by and helped us select some of the best food we've ever eaten. Really. The frogs leg appetizer and Kung Pao Monkfish were two of the best thing's I've ever eaten anywhere. We order second helpings of both! Other appetizers and entrees we ordered were also great.The place is clearly a business... meaning they move you in, move you out and turn over the table... no table clothes, food arrives as its ready, sit you long enough in the lounge to by a drink before dinner, etc. But, given what their overhead must be in a place that big its understandable, and its done with such tact and class, you barely notice, let alone mind.That was our one experience. We're heading there again this coming weekend to see if its really that great consistently... and because I'm hooked on the Kung Pao fish!
I've been here enough to say that it's one of my favorite places to go. The decor  atmosphere alone is so nice. It has this darkness to it which makes it even more fun for me to go. The drinks are good but my absolute favorite thing to have is the Genreal Tso's dumplings! I could eat 3 helpings if need be. The charred filet of beef is so good too, the meat is so tender and the mustard they include is smoothe yet a bit spicy. To end the meal, although I don't care for chocolate on chocolate, the crying chocolate is divine. Altogether, it's a meal that will leave you wanting to lay on a bed of feathers.
Very spacious restaurant with lots of frills yet fails to serve nice food! The ambiance was nice with half-naked hostesses welcoming you into the restaurant. I had a cocktail which I found really nice. For entree, I ordered a whole fish because I wanted to have healthy food for dinner but contrary to my expectation, the fish was deep-fried and bended like a huge bangle. If you like spacious, I mean spacious, dining experience, this place is good but I would spend my money somewhere else for great food. It is shame because I loved the cocktail.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant..wait I mean restaurant in nyc for me.Besides the bias part, close to my home, I love it because I am a picky Chinese food eater and I love to dress up with my group of girlfriends there.  Try everything there! Oh if you have a large party, you have to book the downstair open space! Love the big mirrors!Make reservation online, or give a bit attitude to those nice reservationists who will be nicer to you! OR you can just be seen in the outside lounge!
Went there today for a birthday dinner w/ my dad.  I had a fun time looking at the atmosphere.  It reminded me of Hogwarts' Great Hall if it were in Asia lol.  The bathrooms were dark...but it was interesting.  We arrived a few minutes early, so we were asked to wait into the lounge for a few minutes.  The waitstaff was very friendly and our server was helpful.  Because I could not narrow down the list of appetizers that sounded appealing to me, she recommended a few things, including the corn dumplings, which were my favorite.  Second favorite was the frogs legs, which my dad recommended.  We also ordered the pork belly buns and the other buns...I think that was beef, the deviled egg tuna tartare, duck rolls, and the chocolate mille feuille (mm...bruleed bananas.)  All in all, I enjoyed the meal, though my dad and I definitely ordered too much.  We were just really hungry when we arrived and got carried away.  I liked the buns better w/o the sauce, though.  I definitely want to come back and try the things on the menu that I didn't get to taste.
I came with a group of friends on a Thursday night.  As we trickled in we gradually were able to secure all of the seats at one of the large tables in the bar area.  Given how beautiful the restaurant and all of the associated people are, I guess I would have expected a little more attitude from the people who work there.  I have to say that down to a person they were all fantastic!!  What a nice surprise it was when the doorman/bouncer guy came over to see if we had a reservation.  I was a little leery of telling him that we didn't, since we had basically taken over a whole big bar table.  I thought he might tell us we had to move -- instead he wanted to see if there was anything he could do to make us happier.  When I mentioned that the big decorative vase was kind of in our way, he removed it before I had finished the sentence.Our waitress was lovely and so friendly and accommodating!  We were ordering drinks and food all night, and she never skipped a beat.  I also thought our bill -- around $1000 for about 10 of us who literally ate and drank for about 5 hours -- was extremely reasonable.  On our way out the receptionists thanked us, and were again unexpectedly very friendly.  All in all I can't imagine having had a better night out! In addition to all the fabulousness above, the food was **delicious**.   Sorry can't remember the highlights, but I think we basically ordered all of the appetizers and a half-dozen other dishes, all of which were great.  Yay Buddakan!
This place not only has great food but it is just beautiful!  I didn't think it was that big but I was so amazed someone told me there were two more levels.  Service was wonderful even though we did not get seated right away.  The cocktail waitress came by every so often to check on our group and she remembered everything we ordered.  My favorite was the tuna tartar spring rolls and the almond tapioca dessert.   The drinks were pretty good too.  I will definitely go back again :)
i will always love stephen starr restaurants. i wish there were more in manhattan (they are based out of philadelphia). even when i think about the edaname dumplings my mouth starts drooling. i love the atomsphere in each of his restaurants. everything is beyond expectional and i am never let down.also try Morimotos if you like Buddakan! its a japanese sister restaurant! you will not be let down.
I went here for a friends birthday. We planned to have her birthday party here after seeing it on Sex And The City the movie. We enjoyed ourselves, the ambiance was nice and the food was ok. it was nothing to get excited about but I would go back. I would suggest the pancakes and the coconut rice. Some areas of the restaurant seem to be designed for groups and other areas for couples. They stuck a group next to our table that was trying to quite us down(Party poopers!). The concierge and wait staff are definitely friendly. This is one of the biggest restaturant I've ever been to. It was a good restaturant experience with okay food.
I have been at the Buddakan in Philadelphia but always wanted to check out the one in New York City. The outside is SO deceiving. You will miss the restaurant unless someone has previously explained the entrance/building to you. Once you go past the bar, you will see the real Buddakan of NYC!!! Amazing ambiance coupled with succulent dishes separates this restaurant from all other Chinese restaurants. We had some noodles dishes, crab dish, and the spicy fish, and they were all delicious. The dumplings are good too, try the carrot dumplings just for the way they are presented. Happy eating!!!
Great food, slow service.  Have been more than a dozen times.  Order the edamame dumplings, short rib, peking duck, and the lobster and shrimp chow fun.
My loving boyfriend took me here for my birthday, it was the best meal I've ever had!  The lobster and shrimp chow fun was scrumptious, and the lobster egg roll is an excellent starting dish.  But the winner of the evening is the banana bread pudding with caramel sauce, my mouth is still drooling... The main dining hall is the best place to eat but the food tastes delicious no matter where you sit.
Three stars and only because I am in a generous Holiday cheer mood, mind you. Maybe it's me, but bring a lighted XMAS tree ornament to light the way here if you want to get some identification of what perhaps you might be injesting and I don't say this in jest. And why? Because if you had a blindfold you would not readily identify, most certainly from the most discerning palatte exactly what it is you are eating. Everthing kind of tasted the same because nothing stood out. Well, actually the size of the scallops did, they were huge but honestly so bland and chewy. And that price tag, gee whiz if you are gonna charge an arm and leg then make it something really memorable. Since it was my Birthday, and yep whose counting? Certainly not moi, we wanted to go to some special place. Well, if only the food were as good as the company. But alas, not so. And you really need to wave something, maybe a white flag to surrender to find the waiter since they all seem to be bustling by at  fever pitch speed. The Rock Shrimp Tempura was okay, had better at Sapporo Sushi on the Landfill, okay, no offense to the "natives" but that's Staten Island, and I must say, they do great sushi in the borough. Just get a clothespin to hold your nose. No, I am kidding, last time I checked they closed the dump or did they? I digress, back to the food which I almost forgot what  we ordered, mea culpa for the late in the day review. Go if you must, but keep your expectations low. We did not drink, hey maybe that was the problem.
The decor was great! The ambiance was just as good. I got the Lobster noodle dish. Not sure what it was called but it was spicy and creamy and so delicious. My husband got the cold pad tai noodles he loved them. And of course the crying chocolate desert was to die for. Highly advise trying this place. A great meet up place for friends right before you go out.
Hmmm so came back to Buddakan for another birthday (and have come for drinks since the initial bday experience), 2 yrs later...this experience was sadly worse than the last (albeit if i'd reread my review prior to returning I probably wouldnt have at all..)We didnt have internet in our apt yet so the dinner search was limited, and it was honestly just easier to come back here rather than look into other places that may or may not be as good as advertised...(plus my boyfriend loved buddakan, so wanted to go back)The appetizers were good as last time, we got the tuna tartare spring rolls and the deviled tuna tartare  (granted I LOVE plain ahi, so anything with ahi its a given i'll like)...the rolls were great, but only 3 of us (between both of us), for 12 or $14... then i asked which the waitress would recommend between the cod and the sole (for asian fusion with an entire fish section it was odd there were no salmon or tuna options for entrees)...she suggested the cod, which i got...hmmm well bear in mind i ONLY eat dinner, no other meals, so i'd like something substantial, which I didn't expect at a place like this, but when the cod came out it was pretty shocking to both my boyfriend and i, literally the tiniest entree i've ever seen, and split into 2 pieces with some apple pieces in between (no doubt to make it look larger than it was)...my boyfriend wanted to complain as it was ludicrous, literally about half a piece of fish, split into 2, with nothing else on the plate but a few cubes of apples...needless to say I went and got more food elsewhere after we left. my boyfriend got the "charred filet of beef" (about $28 similarly priced to my fish) which was much more substantial, and after getting my entree i understood why the waitress was pushing side orders on us...his came with some sort of chips, plus a decent (but not great) amount of food, and he also ordered a side of white rice (which we split).  They did give me a birthday ice cream (but i hate desserts, clearly not their fault), which was nice.  Also my boyfriend had requested a table where one of us doesnt face a wall like last time (so picky), so that left us upstairs, which was a MUCH more casual atmosphere than downstairs.  We also ate early (7ish since I wanted to go home and get ready to go out that night afterwards) but the place was packed as last time.  Somewhat surprised its still in business after 2 years, nonetheless still so trendy and popular..drinks (fate and charm again) were still good, typical manhattan prices, nothing exceptional.
Birthday Bash with 10ppl was outstanding, no wait for our table started the evening just perfectly.  Ordered 13 apps, 10 entrees and 4 desserts, 2 bottles of wine and 3 cocktails.  Bill $900 inclusive. Darn reasonabe for the quality of the food.  Service was good albeit pushy to order more food; server didn't think we had enough.  Everyone was very satisfied not overstuffed.  I was surprised how good the food was; very carefully prepared.  Serving dishes too big for table which was an issue as we passed them around. Highlights:  Chili Rock Shrimp, Carrot Dumplings, Scallion pancakes (interesting interp), Kung Pao Fish, Braised Short ribs, Peking Duck, Tuna tartar.  Jasmine ice cream in the Crying Choc was a hit otherwise get the peanutbutter dessert or bread pudding.Just an outstanding evening for a group that rarely gets our schedules in sync.  Everyone is still talking about it!  Will be remembered for years to come. We had cocktails at 675 bar beforehand.  Great spot to meet up.  Just make a reservation to get a table of any sort. Warning:  We had a major salt hangover in the morning.  If you don't eat alot of salt, drink lots of water before bed.
Philly's original is better... Steven Starr empire expands. Can't help but feel the commercialized chain but it's a trendy scene with a variety of cool dining rooms, food is satisfactory and does great with groups.
The restaurant has an amazing atmosphere; the main dining room is downstairs but open two stories up with huge chandeliers hanging overhead and wax-caked candlesticks on the tabletops. The side area in which we ate has pictures of Buddha heads randomly lit on the walls, and a dark environment that gives a sense of privacy.Our server was very good and well informed about the food on the menu and made some excellent suggestions. The food is served family style, which was a great way to get tastes of several different dishes. Though the serving sizes and presentations seemed generally like a standard one-person entrees.We started with a few appetizers, including the General Tso's Dumpling, which was stuffed with chicken, ginger and garlic, which were served right from the steamer basket. I found the Crispy Calamari Salad with green apples, cashews, and a miso vinaigrette also to be very good. I was tempted to order the frog legs, but we shied away. The steamed sea bass roll with cabbage, ginger, sizzling scallion oil was good, tender and buttery, but a little forgettable.We tried three main courses, and my favorite was the rich and flavorful Sizzling Short Rib with mushroom chow fun (noodles), and Asian pear. The meat was tender and a little fatty, the pear was refreshing, and the mushrooms and noodles were a great compliment. Next on my list was the Glazed Alaskan black cod with chili eggplant, black bean relish. The fish was light and flaky and the black bean relish was a nice flavor to go with it. The last dish served was a seared pork tenderloin with wild mushrooms, lotus scented rice, Chinese bacon. This was good, but I think we were all starting to get full and so it wasn't a favorite. I also felt like the rice, was a bit strong, but the tea-like flavor was good. We also ordered a side of charred asparagus that was amazing (for asparagus), it was not stringy, and had a great flavor with a "black bean foam."Capping off the meal was a great cup of cappuccino and a Tempura Apple Fritter (essentially fried apple rings) with Saigon cinnamon anglaise (a white, creamy sauce) and salt and pepper caramel (a sauce that I found to be a little too peppery, or perhaps too dark of a caramel). Overall it was a great meal, with lots more on the menu I'd like to try. Combine that with top-notch service and it made for an excellent way to celebrate our birthdays!
Love this place!! Went on a sat night and had a great dinner. We walked in about ten mins early and checked our coats and were promptly seated. I love the menu here they have alot of interesting choices. They serve it family style in that whatever dishes you order they just keep bringing them out. We ordered three apps to try. Boneless spareribs first were great. We next had edamame dumplings that were very nice also had chili rock shrimp and they were very good as well. They cleared the table and reset for entrees. We ordered filet of beef which is prob one of the most conservative items on the menu(wifes choice i would never order that here). The filet of beef was done very nicely and was very good. I ordered the kung pao monkfish which was fantastic and i cant wait to have it again. We also ordered the minced pork lo mein. It had pickled cucumbers in it and we loved it. Cant wait to get that lo mein again too. For dessert we had the bread pudding thats comes with whisky ice cream it was very nice. We also had an espresso and a latte that were very good. The service was very good and pleasant and the food was excellent. The restaurant is dimley lit and grand. The main room is an incredible space for sure. Cant wait to go back love it.
In short, Buddakan can be summed up in 2 words: edamame dumplings.  I don't even LIKE edamame, but when it's dumplingized and creamy, apparently I love it.  And any trip to Buddakan without them would be akin to visiting Paris without catching a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower.  Actually, most of the appetizers and desserts are great, but the mains are a notch or two below.  Since everything is served family style, I'd recommend a tapas type approach with lots of appetizers instead of a multi-course meal.  And as far as the space, worth a visit in and of itself -- dual height ceilings, dim lighting, terrific vibe for a nice meal with friends, when the parents are in town, or on a date.  A great transplant from Philly -- now if only Tequila's would follow suit...
like this place a lot. drinks are a lil pricier than the avg bar/lounge you go to. but this place ain't avg. great atmosphere and staff is friendly. once i went into this place completely drenched because i didnt have an umbrella and it decided to rain cats and dogs for 10minutes, the staff didn't give me any dirty looks.
Wow, Buddakan did not disappoint in any way. We we're referred to the restaurant by our concierge and were more than pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was incredible, every corner of the restaurant was pure perfection. The fabulous staircase that leads you into the sunken dining room is beyond impressive. I didn't think the food would top the great decor and service but it did. The menu is designed for sharing which works out wonderful so you can try more of what Buddakan has to offer. Very unique drink menu. Highly recommended - first class restaurant in first class location. I'll be back!
I crave this place every time I come to NYC! The food is to die for and the drinks for NYC are pretty well priced around 12 dollars and the steak has been one of the best steaks I have ever had. There is nothing bad about this place that I can think of good food and good drinks what more can you ask for! Plus it's we're they filmed sex and the city.
Everything here is amazing. The food, drinks and service were stupendous. I recommend the edamame dumplings which were to die for.
Food was decent but spent 30 minutes getting my coat at coat check. They had 1 person working and about 30 people trying to get their coats. Bad way to run a business
Excellent place! I went to celebrate my husband's awards. The front looks mysterious,and when you enter, you are blown away by the interiors. The service is excellent, although it gets very busy. We had drinks at the bar, a bit pricey but nice cocktails. We were seated downstairs, gorgeous interiors. The waiters know a lot about the food, and guided us really well. The vegetable fried rice and the tofu dishes were awesome! And my favorite part of the meal: dessert--crying chocolate! I love love love it!Memorable experience! Great place to celebrate, or have a memorable evening!
Bottom line - delicious food in an atmosphere that makes you feel like a million bucks! I was with a group of friends doing apps and drinks before going out at The Standard and so we ordered apps, sides, and noodles to share, along with cocktails and then dessert + coffee.  While we got a bit too much attitude for not ordering any mains, I really enjoyed my meal and the service!  The food, though, came out very fast, so if you aren't getting a main dish here - don't plan on lingering.  I can't wait to go back for another special occasion with my ladyfriends.
two words - edamame dumplings. wow wow and more wow. let me preface this post that I do NOT need a scene-y place. I'm about good food and service, reasonably priced and ambiance comes in there too. But I don't need to go to the place that has only openings at 5 and 10, two months in advance. I don't have the patience for that nor the money to eat here regularly, but it's that good  that I can handle it every so often.So with that said...I've been here three times and all three times had great service and loved our food. We called when we were 2 blocks away on a Monday night to see if there was any way of getting a table and they said they could seat us as soon as we arrived. (Minus spending $26 for two drinks....) the place is fantastic. The edamame dumplings are so beyond delicious. I had dreams about them when I got home the night I ate them, seriously. They're that good.The SATC movie - rehearsal dinner room is just such a beautiful space with the high ceilings and huge table. It's got such a magical feel to it.
Everything we ate here was great!  What a nice change of pace. Just make sure you make a reservation well in advance if going on a weekend.
We ordered the sizzling short rib, tea smoked chicken, and vegetable rice. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good, although, it tasted very similar to stuff my mom's made (or stuff you can get in Chinatown). The sizzling short rib tasted similar to the short rib from Balthazar on a Saturday night (it's better at Balthazar because it's not as salty as Buddakan's) and the tea smoked chicken seriously tasted like something I could buy in Chinatown.  The vegetable rice was actually very interesting - there was a coconut curry foam on the side of the rice that mixed very well with the taste of the vegetables.  I feel like Buddakan is still trying to be an "it" restaurant even though it's more like a glorified P.F. Chang's.
Food is BAD. period. You go there for the ambiance (this is the place you dress up and get hooked up). But if you want to go there for food, don't.
i brought a group of Italian visitors here and was really impressed by the food on the tasting menu, as well as our server.  I have a food allergy, and was incredibly impressed by the care she took to make sure plates were included in our tasting menu that I could eat, as well as bringing out extra things for our table for me - it was really very well done.  Also, they were great sports about my big group of tourists taking pictures all over the place after dinner and ooh-ing and aah-ing over the decor.
So New year comes around and one of many restaurants that I decide to hit up to have a celebratory holiday dinner at Buddakan. I've always wanted to come here and there we go.. Getting a reservation is easy if you decide to have an earlier dinner like before 7pm or after 10pm since people tend to eat during peak dinner hours.  I managed to get a reservation at 7:15pm on New years day for a party of 3 which is like suprising since it was a last minute thing. whoopiee..The Place is awesome;  once you enter the place, you feel like you are in a buddhist monastery in the middle of Bhutan with fake books on the side as fixtures. The bright yellow colors along with the jumbo size buddha pictures all over the main dining room along with a huge chandelier makes you want to say to yourself, " what the hell am I doing here for dinner?" . For the starters, My two guests had the Crispy Calamari Salad, spare ribs and the Chili Rock shrimp. I had the Vegan dumplings. The Crispy Calamari Salad was pretty good; a sizeable plate with at least 10 pieces of fried calamari and it was actually crunchy and not heavy as some other places would serve this salad. The Chili Rock Shrimp is to die for. Not to heavy or light the shrimp and the miso dressing just melts into your mouth. soooo good. As for the ribs, my two guests deemed it was beyond good but looking at the ribs for me makes me want to puke since I don't eat pork. ( even if i ate pork i would of not liked it because they only had 3 little ribs on the plate wtfff). As for the dumplings go, they were pretty decent. They were not overly stuffed like chinatown dumplings nor they were greasy which is a plus. As for the entrees I ordered the steamed sole and a side order of the asian veggie stir fry. my other two guest decided to order one entree since one of them has a stomach of a 5 year old and decided to order the beef short ribs. The Steamed sole was outrageously good. It was the breaking point for me in determining if this place was actually good or was it just another overly hyped place. The sole was light and flaky which is what the fish should be. It was not drenched in sodium nor did i taste any MSG. the ginger and the green onion made the fish retain it's natural flavors without overpowering the pungent smells of the green onions.  It was just a work of art. As for the short ribs, I only had a taste of it and it was pretty well made. one big piece of beef rib probably simmered in a pot for hours and served on top of some chow fun noodles. The meat wasn't hard at all and it was just pretty decent. The party of three ate like kings during the meal. The waiters were attentive nor pushy and actually recommended the dishes for me since I was watching my weight. Such a delightful meal. Next time, I hope i can score a seat at the communal table downstairs!
I had an absolutely delicious dinner and dining experience here this evening. I don't tend to go to such big, showy restaurants, but this was one I have wanted to try for a few years.Well I was not disappointed. We had to wait a bit for a table, as we had not thought to make a reservation. It was a Tuesday night, who knew! We do now!We sat in the lounge downstairs in what they called The Library. Appetizers: Chili Rock Shrimp and Boneless Spare Ribs.Entrees: King Crab Hot Pot (the broth was beyond delicious!!), and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod with the most amazing cucumber relish and grilled eggplant.The food was great, but what made the experience entirely fantastic was the service. Our waiter, Jason Richards (yes I asked!) was on point! He was very knowledgeable about the menu, and made some good suggestions. He along with anyone else who came to our table seemed genuinely attentive and cared about our feed back.I am a pastry chef, so i am not going to write about the desserts. It is just in my nature to pick a dessert apart mercilessly. I will just say they were fine, but not my favorite part of the evening.Thank you to the entire staff, especially you Jason, for your part in making this a truly F I N E dining experience.
Have been to Buddakan several times now and this restaurant just gets better every time. The menu offers a wide array of dishes that are all worth a try. Definitely an A+ if you want to experience true Asian Fusion with an exceptional ambience.
One of my favorite places in NYC.    Great food and great drinks.   My favorites are edamame soup dumplings and the short ribs.   the bar area is usually happening.The ambiance is what you would expect in the meatpacking district.  Very dark but spacious.I've been to the original and the one on AC and it's all fairly consistent.I recommend this place if you're looking for good, solid pan asian cuisine.
The first time is went to Buddakan was for this VMA party like ages ago... and as I walked in and saw the interior the host had to collect my dropped jaw off the floor.The interiors of that place are like my aspirational apartment, from the unique taxidermy fowl, to the double stair case leading onto the 1000ft dining table. Stunning... I think it might be one of the most creative spaces in the city..next to Megu. Its not like dining at a restaurant but dining in an atmosphere.If you have a continuous hankering for Chinese food, but you appreciate a a finer presentation and flavor.. this is the spot for you. The obscene portion of Crab Fried rice is really great and all you really need to do is make a night out the appetizer menu. Service is quite attentive.So go get them General Tso's dumplings and think of me when you're stealing them from you dates plate.
We had a 7:30 reservation for a party of 5 on Saturday night.  The restaurant was already bustling but not uncomfortably full.  We ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for the rest of our party and were promptly seated after they arrived a few minutes later.The ambiance is dark and sexy.  Impressive for out of towners or a special date.  I like the stone walls, rounded archways and subdued lighting in the 'catacombs.'  It seemed a bit more intimate than the main dining room.The service was fast, maybe even a little too fast.  The dishes came out as they were prepared, and at first it was impressive, but then our table filled up and we felt rushed to eat everything before it got cold particularly the meat.  We ordered 3 apps, 4 entrees, 1 rice, 2 veggie dishes, and 2 desserts which left us all very full at $40/person (not incl. tax, tip, and drinks).Breakdown:*General Tso's Dumplings - Tasty but nothing special.  They were like ordinary dumplings but with the soup/sauce inside rather than separate for dipping.*Crab and Corn Fritters - A good sized portion and a nice amount of crab in each bite.  The dipping sauce was mayo and not really necessary.*Boneless Spare Ribs - Flavorful and tender.  Not overly tangy.*Charred Filet of Beef - This was a wonderful, soft cut of meat.  Almost melts in your mouth.*Mongolian Lamb Chops - Delicious and unique crystallized ginger crust.  Our friends that don't normally like lamb actually loved this dish.  The meat was tender and not gamey at all.*Charred Striped Bass - A hearty filet with flavorful layers of pickled ginger and prosciutto.  This is new on the menu and was highly recommended by our waiter.*Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - Nice presentation.  Exactly as described.*House Special Fried Rice - Good amount of seafood.  A nice filler, but a touch too salty.*Wok Roasted Water Spinach - Lovely complement to the meal.  Also a little too salty, but not that oily.*Szechuan Long Beans and Shrimp - A bit greasy but the beans were fresh and firm.  The sauce was very flavorful.*Chocolate Mille Feuille - VERY rich and decadent.  The bruleed bananas were a nice touch.  The avocado sauce was also very good, but I'm not sure it paired well with the rest of the dessert.*Blueberry Butter Cake - I liked the corn ice cream very much.  It was unique and refreshing.  The blueberries and cake were nice but nothing special.  The flan had a nice texture but lacked the orange flavor.
5 ladies went for my friend's birthday dinner.  They wont seat you until the entire party arrives but they have a great lounge area and as soon as your party arrives ( no matter how long they take) they accommodate you right away .. and with a smile.b  We checked our coats and they sat us at the communal table ( the sex and the city rehearsal dinner table)  At first we were like great this is going to suck but they space everyone out so you weren't sitting on top of each other.  Drinks were good. I have the charm and i really enjoyed it! We ordered to Bo Bo platter which has two of everything so its not filling if you just want to sample apps its great.  For the entrees we ordered the sizzling short rib, Broken chili chicken, Sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp, lobster fried rice, and vegetable rice with curry foam.  Everything was delish.  I know people say that Buddakan is a upscale PF changs but i would say that's like saying dos caminos or rosa mexicana is an upscale taco bell. Um....obviously because its in the same food genre it can be compared but honestly there is no comparison in the quality and ambiance and service. That's a silly comparison. There's not much fancier you can get with Asian food than places like buddakan.  Dessert was AMAZING.    We ordered the crying chocolate, almond bread pudding, and the clementine cloud... yummo! Overall it was a great experience and my friend thoroughly enjoyed her b-day dinner.
This review is for the SERVICE which was above and beyond my expectations. I arrived early and was seated in the lounge and attended to by Samantha who waited on me like a VIP. I will say it was the friendliest restaurant I have been in while in NYC. I was treated like a king, the food was great as always. Absolutely no doubt there. The Maitre 'D , Lee Ann, was very accomodating and one of the friendliest human beings I encountered while in NYC that day. I am a commercial actor and stylist and come into NYC on occasion for auditions and other business. Samantha treated me like a weary traveler, immediately offered me a simple glass of ice water which is what I needed most desperately on a day that was surprisingly the hottest day so far this year. My guest joined me a little later and the great treatment started all over again. She was genuinely complimented by the staff. They gave us a cozy little spot as requested. I was proud of the great service provided. I am a Philly guy and know the Starr organization quite well. Job well done. Thank you!
I am tempted to discuss in detail why the food was terrible but I still am trying  to justify the prices they charge. This is a "happening" place. The space is fab. The cocktales are fab. The decor is fab. The staff are fab. The food...boring, greasy, cold, two steps up from your local chinese take out. The presentation sort of remind me of airplane food. Its looked pretty. Its  packaged well. But after you are jolted back into the present and the awe of the pretty drinks and high ceilings have worn off, I am left thinking "how stunningly bad the food was". If anyone can prove the spring beans weren't from the frozen section of Trader Joes, I'll take back my review....
This is a super classy and nice asian fusion place with delcious food, drink and decor. The Mapo tofu was absolutely delicious. Definitely come here with a group of people who are down to try everything on the menu. Our server was also extremely nice, especially since we had a large group of college kids who were pretty rude.
Ambience is very goodService is goodFood is okayPortion quantity is smallPrice is expensiveIf the food was above average I wouldn't feel bad but for the amount i spent here I could have had 2 great meals at a nice popular restaurant. It was  a good one time experience but not going back again.
Buddakan was A LOT better than I thought it was going to be. I figured this place had run it's course, but boy is my face red.Decor:  Loved it. The 40ft ceilings in the main dining area are beautiful and I loved the entire design aesthetic of the place. Dark, sexy and well laid out.Food:Tuna rolls - deliciously crunchy on the outside and nice and chewy on the insideEdamame Dumplings - believe the hypeCrunchy Shrimp app - loved the sauce and accompanying candied walnutsPeking Duck - very good, but the pancakes could have been a little betterLobster Fried Rice - could have used a little more lobbie but was tastyDrink:Fever - holy crap this rocked, tequila (i think), fresh ginger ale, jalapeno and something else. I had like 5 of themService - A+. We were there for an engagement party and they did everything top notchI was pleasantly surprised by my experience ... if you're on teh fence about going, I say go.
I've been here so many times I have lost count. Expensive but the food is worth every penny. The appetizer alone can be enough to fill you up. My favorite dish that I always order: deviled tuna tartare (yummy); boneless spare ribs (to die for); sweet  crispy jumbo shrimp (unbelievable delicious-insane!); charred asparagus (crunchy perfection); lobster fried rice or crab sticky rice (wow, I just can't take it!) For dessert i love the bread pudding...And there upu have it
Sorbet udon thing, was really good! its basically cold udon noodle, sesame seed sauce with a drop of sorbet in the middle. weird? i know...but SOOOOO YUMMY.their drinks are good too, friendly staff at bar. waitress was attentive, but then again we did go eat at their closing hour-ish so there werent too many people.their bathroom, architecture in general is gorgeous! would love to dine there agian :)
Pros: - best place to bring out-of-towners to show off your "fabulous/I think I'm fabulous" New York lifestyle- you will actually start believing you're fabulous after dining here- the vibe is so chic and gorgeous- you can watch pretty people schmooze as you buy a cocktail at the bar and wait for your reservation to be called-the food is very good, from the filet that they drench in this addicting butter sauce to the lobster fried rice to the peanut butter bombe.Cons:- it's ridiculously crowded and I think it's just silly that the hostess has to run around the dark crowded bar calling your name to find you when your table is ready-the food is so good you feel so sad/screwed out of your money when the small portions come Come here and you will remember why you chose to live in New York City.
I travel a lot and get the pleasure of eating all over the states. I went to Philly years back and Buddakan was one of my favorite dining experiences. When it opened in NY, I was beyond happy. NY location was just as wonderful. I missed the big Buddha of the Philly restaurant though, but ambiance was great. Food was just as outstanding as I remembered.  My food suggestions: My only negative would be the deviled tuna tartar.  Its not bad but it has egg in it that totally takes over the entire tuna taste. If you like egg, go for it. Ok onto the yummy stuff.  Appetizers: Any of the dumplings and the seabass rolls. Entrées: peking duck is incredible  priced accordingly. I also suggest the ginger lobster. It gives you an amazing size portion of the tail and claws so if you're a lobster lover...this is your way to go. Side: lobster fried rice for a side (duh...it had to be done). Veggie: you cant go wrong with a simple asian vegetable stir fry for ur veggie. Dessert: chocolate dessert, which I forget its name, but it had coffee icecream and a molten little cake that was one of the best desserts we both had ever eaten. Service was incredible and we had a great guy who was fun and used to work at the Philly restaurant as well so, he really knew his stuff. They also have wonderful speciality drinks like Longevity that are all named for peace, love and happiness feel. Great place to celebrate special occassions, impress on a first date or for a night on the town.
Wanted to go here ever since I saw it on SATC! It was amaaaazing. I dont remember the food honestly (it was some fried rice, some chicken, and some other stuff) and the dessert was good. The drinks were really good too! The decor's really nice and it's a great place for a special date. Our server was awesome and all in all, I was very happy with my experience here. 4/5 because I was really really hungry and we had to wait a while :( but it was all uphill from there! Bottomline: go here!!!
Although the place is very nice I would not go there to eat. Waited for 45 minutes in the lounge even though we had a reservation and were never seated, therefore decided to leave. If a restaurant demands a reservation and is high scale the least they should do is have good service and respect the customers.
Great trendy restaurant, fun vibe, good crowded bar.  Been here a few times and the ambiance is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of Buddakan.  The front bar gets really packed. You'll probably have to wait there, even if you have reservations, so it's not too bad. We've usually been able to find a table, making the wait a lot more enjoyable. The restaurant is massive with extremely high ceilings and Asian-esque decor, dimly lit and overall a really cool place.  Food wasn't as memorable - not bad, just nothing to rave about.  The scallion pancakes were our favorite part of dinner, so definitely have those as an appetizer. All dishes are teeny weeny so you'll have to order a bunch of stuff to get pretty full. Great place for a date night or just a night out on the town.
Buddakan is awesome. I went with a large party, and we ordered a huge variety off the menu, so we could try almost everything. My favorite was the ginger encrusted lamb. The Shanghai-style soup dumplings were surprisingly very authentic and very, very good. The design and layout of the restaurant is magnificent.My only quibble is thus: it's a Chinese-fusion restaurant, fine, but there's not a whole lot of Chinese-ness to some of the dishes (like the steak with peanut sauce? delicious but not Chinese). I guess it's an unfair criticism but I've lived in Beijing and so of course my standards are going to be unfair.
I really enjoyed this place.  From the ambience to the service to the food.  Very sexy all around.  The Mongolian prok chops were to die for.  I would definitely go back here a few more times.
Need to write this review before I forget everything we ordered. Went with a group of 5 yesterday (perfect number since most of the food comes in groups of 5). Only ordered appetizers and dessert which was definitely the way to go. Here's the list of what we ordered, from my favorite to least favorite -Tuna tartare rolls - my favorite! But - at $4 per tiny roll, I don't think the price to value ratio was fair. Didn't matter though, I ordered a couple of these with no regrets.Wild mushroom chow fun - my table loved this. I typically find most chow funs either greasy or unappetizing, but this version was a hit!Pork buns - Very good. Not as good as momofuku (as expected) but still worth ordering. I liked the spice in the vegetables more than the pork itself. Yum.Lobster fried rice - delicious. Can't comment on how much lobster was in the bowl since my brother stole most of the little pieces before I had a spoonful :(Edameme dumplings - tried it for the sake of trying it. If it's your first time, i would suggest you do the same since it's unique, "fusion," and beautifully presented. However, wouldn't order this again.General tso dumplings - Soup dumplings with a twist. this isn't your typical joe shanghai xiao long bao, but it's still good.Boneless spare ribs - meh. It was forgettable.Rock shrimp - Greasy, saucy, but at least it's a decent portion of food. It tasted like sweet and sour shrimp rather than rock shrimp. Chilled udon noodles  vegetable fried rice - do NOT order this. This left a bad taste in everyone's mouth except my mother's, who  combined the sauce of the udon with the fried rice to create a magical combination. You definitely need to order the crying chocolate dessert. the star of the night was the jasmine ice cream. WIN. also ordered the bread pudding, which was good, but not extraordinary.decor = 5/5. we sat at a very comfortable corner table.service (waitress name was megan I believe) = 5/5. She had the best line of the night when describing the bread pudding. "It's so good that it will answer questions you never knew you had." Um, too bad this wasn't true, but still - it convinced us to order it.overall, $40/pp including tip+tax (excluding drinks) so I thought the prices were VERY reasonable. Also, I would recommend ordering the prosecco at the bar since you inevitably will wait before sitting at your table. Would go again especially with out of town visitors! this place is infinitely better than Tao and priced much more reasonably.PS - the only reason I didn't give this a 5 is because the quality of the food is not extraordinary (3.5/5)....chilled udon noodles...*shudder*
My fiancé and I ate here after the musical A Christmas Story. Luckily we were, to have gotten reservations an hour from the time we called.  The setting and the food were superb. The appetizers were excellent The Duck is a must have. Pretty good wine list. The atmosphere is beautiful beautiful.
The food is very good...The service was above average...It was a bit expensive for what you get, but I would still go again, just prob. not too often.The interior is exquisite...beautiful craftsmanship.
Its a staple in the meat packing district.  Great food and atmosphere
Amazing NYC type of restaurant. Food and service worth every dollar you spend here. You should walk around different rooms and they are so beautiful.
If it is your first time, order the tasting menu#1. You can't go wrong.I had friends from out of town and I took them here... they were very impressed by the food and service.Of course it is a beautiful spot so were something pretty :)
Periodically we come across someplace unique, although most restaurants claim to be, I just found one that I will return to again and again. As you walk into Buddakan, you are transformed into an experience that you will always refer to. The decor is dark, sexy and grand, in an elegantly low key approach. That change in atmosphere will awaken your senses. All of them. The menu is different. You can dine here on many levels, light, rich, simple or complex. I enjoyed the referred Rock Shrimp as an appy. Quite good. I chose to stay on the small plate extravaganza, as my second plate was the Peking Duck Salad. I word. Brilliant. It was enough to make me think about moving back to NY!As my entree, I selected the Pork Belly Buns. That's all I can stand. The flavor, the plating, the taste,Remarkable! You will see me here whenever in town. Everything was the finest I could have asked for. Sweet, savory, every texture and decadent flavor made you get lost in the food. What a treat.Treat yourself to one of the more fine dining experiences that you will have!
Great service, great food and nice ambiente. Get reservation in time or get something in bar area. Love the black cod and duck salad.
It's like I'm in some 90's style Janet Jackson video. The decor is total eye candy with a labyrinth of rooms to entertain you.

We had dinner there on a Sunday night when it wasn't too crowded and we sat in the "library" which reminded me a little of the Hudson Hotel's bar because of the way the place glowed.

The edamame dumplings with truffles were fantastic and I also really enjoyed the vegetable fried rice. The food in general was fun to share and pretty to look at. And the prices made getting a bunch of appetizers to share totally affordable.

More than anything though, it's a great see and be seen sort of place. There's a fantastic communal table at the bottom of the stairs.... If you go there, you'll see what I mean.
This review is strictly on their drinks. I didn't order any food. Now that I've gotten that out there, wooooooooow, i love their drinks! Lots of different infused cocktails, and the German Riesling was fresh and crisp. So good! I came here after the SATC movie came out and I wanted to be at the same place where Carrie  Big had their engagement. Impressive! I'd come back.
This is one of those places you are either into or your not, because it feels like a Vegas mega-restaurant.  I'm not into that scene, so there is my warning. Black cod was great, should have ordered 2 for myself.  Don't get fooled by the elaborate description of the lollipop appetizer.  It tastes like Vietnamese hush-puppies on a popsicle stick.   Unless that is what you are looking for.
I had to wait a couple of days to write this, or I would get pissed reading my own review. Not only am I boycotting Asian food for awhile, but this was one of the worse dining experiences I had in NY. The only reason it got 2 stars was the service. I was so impressed that they call you the day before to confirm your reservation. The women on the phone sounded like a automatic voice message. The place was packed, Few minutes later we get the LONG walk down the staircase and to our table.This is the place where Carrie Bradshaw had her engagement party dinner,  this is a beautiful restaurant.  I'm sure the reason is because of the hype it got from SATC. Cause it aint the food. Our waiter was very friendly , we asked our waiter the specialties, he recommended the ROCK SHRIMP. I kid you not, after we ordered a few dishes, within 2 minutes the Rock Shrimp came out. That tells you something, Cafeteria style in the kitchen. It was disgusting. It was not sweet or salty, it had no flavor.I had to order the sweet and sour chicken, since I LOVE that and to find the best place for it makes it even more exciting.we ordered also the Noodles with the wild mushroom, pour some brown sauce, flat noodles and no flavor whatsoever! We get the sweet and sour chicken, it's 1 BREAST, sliced and poured with Sauce that you probably made instant with water, throw some cashews and bell peppers. $21.00The noodles were by far the most disgusting things I ever tasted. Let's put it this way.... Panda Express was 5 STAR compared to this.I was sooo upset that my girlfriend was cracking up, since she never seen me soooo upset like this.  Every time the waiter came by to ask how everything was, I was like a little child putting my head down. She finally started laughing and said " Alice, you can't blame the waiter, he's not the one cooking the food" It was sooo funny, I was crying laughing so hard.I ended up eating just the white rice. By the time the waiter said, "do you want dessert?" It was silent. We just wanted to get the hell out of there.
Wow, Buddakan is in one word - f*ckinglicious! I never expected such a "touristy" place in Meatpacking to be so good. And being Asian, of course I have high expectations that they don't butcher my culture. I had been here before, but only for drinks.What a perfect opportunity to come here - my clients were in town, and they picked the restaurant... you know what that means. Order the entire friggin' menu and not have to pay a dime... sweet, and that's precisely what we did. The hosts and waiters were all very nice and accommodating, providing excellent service and reccos.appetizers:tuna taretare springrolls - i was so full from the below taretare i didn't try this oneshaken chili beef taretare - i love taretare, what more could you ask for?peking duck salad - surprisingly good, not just a regular saladchili rock shrimp - YUM, Lots of flavorboneless spare ribs - SO TENDER, FLAVORFUL AND AMAZING. we should've ordered more of these!edamame dumplings - mmmm.... droolgeneral tso's dumplings - greathunan beef baobuns - yummy, but the mustard sauce was too much for mechili crab and crispy noodles - couldn't really taste the crab, no one knew what the dish waslobster fried rice - pretty yummyspiced tofu and cashews - love tofu, love eggplant, love cashewsthe above was PLENTY of food, we were too full for entrees! thus we just ordered a couple more things...szechuan crusted ribeye - deliciousosizzling short ribs - yummo10 people, and the bill came out to $1200. (We ordered plenty bottles of wine as well).What a great meal, I will remember this forever!!
Had à great dinner at Buddakan. Impressive for à fairly large and hyped restaurant to deliver on food, drinks and service. Had à couple of cocktails before dinner, ordered 7 or 8 dishes and were happy with everything. Maybe not "genuine" but à fun and great place to have dinner
In the past few months I started making my reservations for this place on opentable and they told me we see this is your 18 visit here, welcome back. I don't know why 18 was the magic number but they treated me like true VIP. I have been to this place maybe 100 times my friends and I love it. The manager there is super sweet and kept our glass of champagne full way after I paid the check because of my 18th visit. I love the food here, the edamame dumplings are to die for. I love that the food comes out when it's ready and since I'm usually starving I can't wait for the food to come. My friends and I usually order a bunch of appetizers to share, and since everything comes out when it's ready it makes it easy to start eating right away and know if you are still hungry it's ok to order more. The place is gorgeous and huge. The check usually comes out to the lower end of $100 for two people and I ordere whatever I want plus some drinks. I think it's a great deal and will definitely be visiting another 18 times.
I love this place, very special nice elite but a little cold.maybe I drunk a little
Dear Buddakan, Oh sweet baby Buddakan - you are so very super hip and no one, not no Body can take that away from you.  And you've got all the cool patrons - I do believe I passed Johnny Knoxville on the way in, did I not?  But why are your edamame dumplings so cold and tasteless?  Why is your duck served room temperature and with heart-burn inducing sauce?  And would it have killed someone to ask me how my meal was?  No dear sweet baby Buddakan, I don't think we'll be seeing each other again.  But thanks for the memory, and I wish you the best of luck dear.
The drinks and the appetizers are what I liked best about Buddakan.  I've been lucky to have sampled a good chunk of the menu and can say I wasn't disappointed in anything that I had, but definitely favored the appetizers.  The edamame dumplings?  Light, simple and delicious, I love them.The service, location and the restaurant itself is also great.
Impressive and striking restaurant.  Good food to match.Thank God it didn't have a large Buddha, like in their Philadelphia restaurant.  Now, I'm not Buddhist, but is it just me or is there a problem by naming a hip restaurant after a religious figure.I mean, what's next?  A restaurant named Jesuskan?  You walk in and beyond the dimly lit lights, past the dark curtains, near the water statue is the Lord Savior our Christ.  I wonder if this is what Buddhist think when they go to these restaurants named after Buddha.
A great restaurant for an early or late evening bite and drink.  Stellar decor and ambiance, manages to just barely avoid pretentiousness - okay maybe but not, but a nice swanky spot can't hurt every now and then.  Menu is solid - kind of a trial by error adventure - a lot of hits and misses.  Focusing on the flavorful appetizers is the safest bet.
Amazing! Amazing! My friend told me about this place for our first night in NYC, so we decided to check it out. And since we are huge Sex and the City fans, it was mandatory! We made reservations but waited for 15 mins. or so. We sat downstairs and it wasn't as loud as upstairs which was great! Our waiter was amazing, he was very helpful and recommended some yummy choices! I got the veggie dumplings and the asparagas. We shared the Lobster rice which was to die for! So delicious, I've never had Lobster rice but they should have it available everywhere now! For dessert, we got the glazed tea doughnuts that were the best with vanilla bean ice cream. My bill was only $40 considering that we shared the rice and dessert and I got two side dishes. This place is worth the hype! I promise.
Wonderful experience! Be forewarned it is a tad dark in there, so all you paparazzi hiding starlets should take off your black out shades or suffer the consequences. I just love a place that makes me feel like I'm entering a mysterious den of inequity. Can I have an opium pipe with my  sorbet please?
this place is filled with BT crowd, which is fine if the food was worth it and all but it's not. it's not bad, but it's not "wow, great" either. portions are tiny (ordered like 6 apps and 3 entrees for only 2 ppl) but still was hungry. this place is more for ambience and the bt party scene (young and old) a lot of big hair with hairspray and too much perfume and cologne types.
Food was terrific but the noise level is unbearable. Went for Mother's day dinner as a treat from my daughter, but it was almost impossible to hear any conversation and we were in the back which is the quieter area! We did enjoy the food very much.
Came here to celebrate my brother in law's bday. First visit... definitely the fanciest chinese restaurant i've been to. I mean i'm used to the chinatown chinese restaurants, or flushing... this one is different, it's like chinese restaurant run by europeans. Atmosphere was great, we didn't the get the private tables, 4 of us ended up on the big communal table but it was all good, enough room. Food was good. Had the deviled tuna tartare, foie gras eggroll, peking duck salad, ribeye, cod, lamb, lobster fried rice and mushroom noodle... pricey, expected that but great for the occasion. Mushroom chowfun...not that good but everything else were. Would i return? yes, for the atmosphere
When we walked in, we were greeted by about 7 hostesses all wearing black.  Once we walked into the dining area, all wait staff were  wearing black as well.  The atmosphere was very dark, hip and chic.  Do look out for the black shirt wait staff.  It took us  a moment for outr eyes to adjust to the dim light.  I assumed the wait staff would be rude and snobby, but they were not at all.  My husband and I went with a friend to dine at Buddhakan and the waitress gave us great recommendations.  Definitely try the boneless spare ribs and the Peking duck salad.  We practically licked the dressing off of the plate.  You can skip the stir fry wide noodle.  You can find the same or better quality and quantity noodle dish in Chinatown.  They did a good job with our snapper.  A bit pricey but service and food were good.
O Buddakan -I wish there was a tab on yelp to give a .5 credit to a venue cause Buddakan is better than a 3 but not quite a 4. Anywhos i have been hearing about this place for months and promoting it from friends points of view, however it didnt do anything for me. I'm not sure if it was all they hype or what not but this place did nothing really for me. The decor is very nice and very jaw dropping when you first see it. Everyone dies to get into the main dining room where the main performance takes place but honestly the entire restaurant is just beautiful all around. We ate in the main dining, though if we were to sit somewhere else i really liked the feel in the very back room.The crowd is a pretty good mix from one place to the next. You can pick out the classy chicks from the trash that followed in a sanitation truck from the Holland tunnel. In general the people are very good looking, very nice scene, only a few tragic exceptions. This would be a good date place or even better to come with 4-6 friends and sit back with some dishes and sake.We tried the short ribs pancackes, tea chicken, and steak puffs on lettuce. In general nothing at all jumped out to me or gave me any sort of flavor at all in my mouth.  I simply hated the tea chicken and wish we had never ordered it. I keep asking myself 'was the meal bad, or was it the chicken that ruined the entire experience?' I'm not quite sure but the dessert made up for it all. We ordered the peanut butter ice cream with wafer and this was sooo us. We both love peanut butter with a side of chocolate so we immediately went for this dish and were so happy that we did !The price : 2 apps, 1 entree, dessert, and a carafe of sake 89USD for everything.For this type of place it is a steal, you have no reason not to go and just try it out !I would like to go back in bout 2 months when the menu has a nice shake up and try maybe 4-5 dishes, though the 3 we got were so filling !
As I embarked on my culinary journey through two major cities in the northeast, I decided to kick-off my adventure in a trendy, ultra-modern restaurant that I had first seen on the big screen. It was featured in the first full-length movie based on the popular television series about four single ladies who spent six seasons giving us insight into the dating scene in New York: Sex and the City. For those of you who are SATC fans, this is the restaurant where Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big had their glamorous wedding rehearsal dinner. After looking at the infinite number of items on the menu that looked appealing, we started with one of my all-time must-haves: the Deviled Tuna Tartare, with chili mayonnaise and scallions. While the pieces of tuna were very fresh, they lacked a bit of flavor. The ingredients were layered, not blended, taking away a bit from the potential of the dish. I enjoyed it, but it didn't stand out. We tried the Boneless Spare Ribs, which came with a bit of chinese mustard. Now we're talking. I really wouldn't have guessed this would be my prize winner, but it was. The ribs were tender and moist, and the glaze was delicious. My two favorites were the Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp and the Kung Pao Monkfish. And the dessert....well it blew my mind! For more information on Buddakan, and other restaurants, visit my page at adventuresofthefoodaholi….
We had a reservation here at 10 PM on a thu night. We arrived on time but they were running behind so we were forced to wait for a bit which did not help the cause since we were super hungry ... The place is loud and noisy ... it almost had a tao like feel... we were beginning to lose patience but luckily a table opened up and we were finally seated .. what followed thereafter in terms of service was pathetic. First off our server did not stop by to take our order despite reminding the staff to send someone over .. finally when they did we felt rushed to place our order .. we ordered the edamame dumplings and jade shrimp for appetizers .. i did not get to taste the edamame dumplings but the reactions on the faces did not seem very promising .. We ordered the kung pao monkfish(2 *) , crab sticky rice (2 *) and the silken tofu (1 *) with the vegetable fried rice with coconut curry foam (1 *) .. worst part was that the kitchen forgot about our ticket and we were served 45 minutes later which was frustrating to say the least ... the dessert (almond bread pudding) was the saving grace though ... I am really unsure how this place is so popular .. the food is meh ... service sucks .. the real test of character is how the service scales with the number of customers and unfortunately buddakan fell flat on that front .. the hype definitely did not live upto it's promise worse yet the restaurant staff did not even have the courtesy to make up for the delay in serving our food ... we left the place without paying any tip .. it was that disgusting an experience with the service offered to us ...
Great ambience, beautiful decor.. definitely the stushest restaurant I've been to in Manhattan. No idea of prices, I didn't pay. Went with friends twice, great service (they even hold your small bags/luggage for you). All dishes are well-presented. When I asked a dude nearby where Buddakan is located, he was like.. just down the street, and make sure you bring back food for me : )
What can get any more authentic than a Chinese person rating a Chinese restaurant?  Perhaps a Chinese born in China...but that's besides the point.  Buddakan has a very unassuming doorway that is simple and not imposing.  However, when you step in, it's a whole separate world that is transformed to take you somewhere between China, Italy, and New York.  With Cherubs dancing on the walls next to murals of the Meekong river, I was expecting italian sausage fried rice.  But I was quite surprised with how traditional some of their dishes are.  For starters, we had the scallion pankakes that were served with braised beef on top.  This was somewhat unfortunate because I love scallion pankakes and the taste of them were overpowered by the braised beef.  However, that said, the braised beef was increadible and very very very nicely done.  Other starters were the edamame dumplings, seasonal salad, and the chicken broth dumplings.  Of the appetizers, the chicken broth dumplings were the most dissappointing.  The reason being that they should've been made out of pork because in Chinese cooking, the fat that comes from steaming the dumplings is what creates the soup inside.  This can be found in typical shanghainese cuisine and is called "Shaio Loong Bao" or Little Dragon Bun.  For an entree, we all shared sweet and sour chicken, filet, veggies, fried rice, noodles, and a couple of other dishes.  We were a party of 5 and I would suggest that you get no more than 2 carb dishes.  Many of these are very traditional and I could hear my mother screaming at me for ordering these dishes at that price.   She would say: "I can make that entire meal for ten dollah...why you need to pay for that?"  Then I would say, but the ambiance and scene are partially what you pay for as well...and they definitely give you your money's worth.  Then she would mutter something under her breadth in Chinese and tell me I'm wasting my money.In total, for 5 ppl, stuffed to the gills with food and drinks, we walked out of there at $50/person which is not bad at all!  Great in fact considering all the time and fun we had there.  Definitely recommend and let me know how it goes for you!
Fancy Schmancy??.....NAH....Its just a good ole NYC spot!!! We love it dark and sexy....just be you(without sweats and a baseball cap) and you'll be fine!! I read a few reviews about the workers being stuck up but my experience last night(2/17/11) was anything but. After a harrowing experience at Barney's Warehouse Sale i decided to dive deeper into my dwindling checking account and stop by Buddakan for some grub. Nick, one of the hosts/reservationist was hella cool, gave me a 10pm reservation when i arrived at 9pm but suggested i try for the lounge area. Low and behold i got a seat at the bar and within 5mins a seat at a communal table(sort of like a bougie picnic bench). On to the real shit, the FOOD AND DRINKS!!!!!! I ordered the pork dumplings(yuummmmyyy), the lobster fried rice(oooooohhhh yyyyyeaaaaa) and possibly the best damn chicken ive ever had that wasnt soul food; BROKEN CHILI CHICKEN.....fukkin awesome! The cocktails got me where i needed to be: the Fate(light but deceptive made with pineapple) and the Solid(umm....why do i keep ordering these bourbon infused drinks when i know i'm semi light in the ass?...lol). Overall, i spent $85 bucks on myself and it felt damn good...Buddakan, I am a believer!!!!!
Food, ambiance, service...This place is SICK. Go for the $65 tasting menu.
Absolutely beautiful! My new favorite restaurant in New York! The food  Drinks were AMAZING!!! This is a must go place if you ever go to New York.
I dined with my friend on a Thursday night; we had a 6:30 reservation and we were seated immediately. This beautiful  restaurant has two levels, with many rooms. I had the Charm cocktail which was excellent. For the appetizers we ordered the Cantonese Spring Roll and the Tuna Spring Roll. Both items were outstanding. For the entrees we ordered the Charred Fillet of Beef (which was cooked to order) and the Hot and Sour Scallops. Both were excellent. For a side dish we ordered the Wok Noodles with Prawns. This was also outstanding. The desserts we ordered were excellent. We had the Almond Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Malted Tart. Both desserts included outstanding ice cream. The Coffee was also great. The service throughout the meal was incredible!
I went there last night for the first time and LOVE it! The place is huge and dark, had a very cool vibe and it was amazingly well decorated. The food was divine and the service very attentive. Even though it was a Monday evening, the place was full. Will be going back!
Touristy? Maybe.  All I know is that friggin duck tastes damn good and you should go get some.  Also had the frogs legs which was a little short on meat (as in, only about 2 tablespoons) and the lobster egg rolls which were just delicious.  I did not find it extremely overpriced for a special night out.  I think the Veuve was just under a 100 bucks a bottle which is the norm.  Deserts were just OK.  I had the bread pudding which was a little dry.  Impressive ambiance.
decent food, but not worth the price. if you want a light meal that is pricey, check this place out. its more for the ambiance and mood. good place to go before going out.
Good food - I went with a large group and as a result, was able to try several items on the menu. Noteworthy items were edamame dumplings, kung pao monkfish, and Charm cocktail. Great ambience -what else can you expect from a restaurant featured in a SATC rehearsal dinner?
The other reviews pretty much say it all, so there's not much to add - The edamame dumplings taste like truffle-mashed potatoes in soft wrappers - unlike anything you've ever tasted before.Tuna tartare spring rolls - delicious.This place is great.
My boyfriend and I decided to try Buddakan for our pre-valentines day dinner.  As soon as I walked in, I was impressed by the decor, lighting and atmosphere.  I especially liked the dim lighting, it made it so much more intimate.  They were very prompt with the reservation, I didn't have to wait beyond the time it was made for.  The menu, unlike other places isn't over crowded with options.  For appetizers, we had the jasmine shrimp dumplings and the general tso dumplings.  The jasmine dumplings were by far so much better.  For the entrees, you basically get your protein and if you'd like something to go with it, you should order from the sides, however the portion size is enough to fill you up.  I had the broken chili chicken, which was with the sauce really good.  Finally, their desserts are so decadent.  My bf, who is very hard to pleased, absolutely loved the bread pudding and I had the most luscious melted chocolate ganache.  Overall, this is a really great restaurant with unique and delicious meal options, just expect to dish out a little.
Aside from the desserts skip this trendy mess of an experience. Fried rice was appalling; oily, bland, and just lacking in every way. Short rib was barely recognizable and slathered on a mushy flavorless scallion pancake. Service was friendly but terrible staffing and management resulted in long waits and agitated guests. The only highlights were the stunning desserts, in particular the crying chocolate and tofu cheesecake, which are the only reasons I'd ever consider revisiting.
same as Hakassan... asian fusion and probably a good place to hang and have a drink, eat some food but not really authentic stuff going on here
Love love love this restaurant!  The food is always delicious.  Service is great, and ambiance is to die for.  Surrounded by high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers, your dining experience is a sensory wonderland.  The only down side is that it can sometimes be too noisy.  This restaurant is great for groups, and sharing is highly recommended.  Try as many items on the menu as you can--they are all delicious!
Buddakan is sexy...so very very sexy. Buddakan is located on the upper edge of meatpacking on 9th avenue in a seriously inconspicuous building. Walk inside through the doors of the unimpressive structure and completely get transported to a different world. Stylish, trendy, cool, chic; name it, Buddakan is it. Music is played at a very reasonable level so conversation can still be kept but the tone and mood are still right. what really differentiates Buddakan for me though is the friendly service. Its hard to find a friendly face in meatpacking on the weekend, so the great service and smiling faces are a welcome change. The Asian fusion food is really well presented and never disappoints. Another obvious plus is that the main dining room and table were features in Sex and the City, so its always fun to take a fan of the series and the movies here for the first time. Always a good time, always good food and drinks. Come here on any occasion.
The original in Philly is better, but this is pretty good too. I came here for business, as a client, so I don't really know what the cost per person came out to be. The service was impeccable, and the overall vibe (inside, and the surrounding area) is pretty cool.
I would give Buddakan 100 stars if I could.  It was wonderful!  We went as a group of 8 and without a reservation they seated us quickly and made us feel like we were the most important people in the whole restaurant.  The food was so good, the drinks were stellar.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a fine dining experience in Manhattan.    It shows what New York is all about.  Good Food, Good Friends and a Great Experience!
FYI-I didn't sit down and eat at the restaurant but I did do a try out for this place last Friday night and I got a chance to eat alot of their dishes so I think I deserve to write a review about it. The place itself was super nice and hugh and there were alot of good looking model and famous people stop by for drinks or eating dinner here. It easily can seat up to 1000 people plus and the inside is quite amazing. The kitchen was nice and clean and they had maybe 30 cook working for them in dept section. They have 4 famous sous chef and 1 executive chef name Lon. The food they productive was very delicious such as the tuna tartare, chicken dumbling's, lobster egg roll, duck confit egg roll and the giant size diver scallop. They treat their employee really well off and there were models and celebity walking thur the kitchen the whole night. I really enjoy working with them and I enjoy being on the line making couple of dishes for them.Next time I will go back and be a customer but eating for free was pretty nice.
I highly recommend this place , professional and friendly staff. Really beautiful and trendy decor, cool chill out soundtrack. The food is yummy, small portions, but tasty. expect to spend $100 per head  (min) that includes tip and drinks. not bad for such a nice place in manhattan
Great atmosphere. Bar area gets crowded. Recommend sitting downstairs if you eat here. Now been there twice and really not worth the cost. The first time waited 1.5 hours with reservation. It was a weekend but ridiculous to wait that long with a reservation. The second time... Service was mediocre. Lamb came out rare when ordered medium. Took 25 minutes to cook after pointing out. By then we were finished with our meal. Server forgot drinks. Everybody makes mistakes, but the manager did come by and asked how the meal was. When we responded he could care less. This is not 100$ per person service. And it was a Monday night. So the restaurant was not slammed like a Saturday. So skip the meal, people gaze, order apps at the community table in the bar.
This place was amazing!  The food was beyond delicious and the staff were the nicest people I have ever met, from the person that I spoke to on the phone to confirm my reservation to the hostess to our server.  I am really sad we didnt get to try dessert because I wasnt feeling well.  Will definitely be coming back the next time I am in the city.
From the food to the ambiance to the drinks to the staff I have absolutely no complaints. I loved everything about Buddakan. I've been wanting to go to Buddkan for quite some time but never got around to it until this past weekend when I had some friends visiting from out of town. This is a great place to bring out of towners and of course to enjoy great drinks and food!
This place is outstanding....truthfully it doesn't get much better. Atmosphere is great and food never disappoints.  I've been here now at least 8 times... It's my go-to place when I have friends come and visit from out of town. One of my friends from California loves it so much she insisted that I take her here the last time she came here. Food is a little on the pricey side (as is everything else in NY) but it's 100% worth every penny. I usually go for a bunch of different things and share them with the table. Edamame dumplings, general tso's dumplings, shrimp  chicken egg rolls - appetizers. All out of this world. Main course I usually go with the chilled Udon noodles, szecheuan crusted rib eye, and the black cod. I had the veggie fried rice the last time I went, and like everything else, it was amazing. One general tip I learned about this place...try to go during off hours to avoid the crowds...they can be massive. Usually what I do is go and eat at the bar area...great atmosphere, nice tables, and they serve the full menu. It beats the drama of getting a reservation...all the bar seating is all first come first serve...so what's the worst that happens...you have a drink or two before you eat?? This place will always be at the top of my list of places for fancy, high end dining...definitely check it out...it's an amazing experience like no other.
when i first walked threw it was like enormous and it was like a mazed.there was some tables in the front and bar to wait to get seated. but we got a nice seating area,when we was ordering the food, the waiter suggested that we order more food cus the portions was very little and it was mega little. but delicious!! i wished the portions was more.
It was complete chaos when I first walked in the place. The host/hostess didn't seem like they had a clue of what was going on. First they said it was going to be 45 mins so we sat at a table over at the bar. 10 minutes later, after we just got our drinks, the host came over and said they had a table ready for us. I remember ordering the tuna spring roll and that was like a firecracker exposion in my mouth. The flavors were so delicious and I love the texture of the soft tuna and the crispy roll. We ordered seconds! All the other dishes were about average. I want to go back just for the tuna spring rolls.
We are huge fans of Spice Market.  Thought we would try this place - it was recommended.   We had reservations and arrived on time.  Of course, they direct you to the higher profit bar area to sit for half an hour first so that you buy their expensive drinks while you wait, even though there are plenty of open tables.   They eventually lead us downstairs and through a dark maze to a dark table (the main dining room is lovely with huge candles).  While I loved the artwork, the room was so dark that you couldn't read the menu without your cell phone light.  It felt a little like a dungeon.  We asked to be moved- which seemed to fluster the beautiful staff but they did accommodate. There were so many dishes that sounded unique and tantalizing that it took us a bit to order.  Our waitress was really more in her own head than into her job.  She did not listen, she did not fill my water, and she was not attentive at all.  We had to grab another waitress to order a bottle of wine after waiting for her to return for 15 minutes (btw,  wine list is a little pricey).  She did actually attempt a smile and some light banter when delivering the check...Food - some really tasty and some only ok.  I agree with the other person who posted about the temperature issues of the dishes.  We had the Peking Duck Salad which I enjoyed but my husband would have preferred sliced duck breast.  We had the Sea Bass Rolls - which were great in concept, and would have been amazing had they been served hot.   We had the Crab Pot which was delicious though overpriced for the small amount of crab and you have to shell the crab yourself which is messy because it is soaking in a thick bisque-like soup.    The waitress told us that would not be enough food for us that the dishes were "single serving".  She convinced us to order another dish....which we did and did not touch.  While I like the creativity concept on the dishes - the food temperature issues, the overpriced wines, the lousy service and overall demeanor of the place was not a hit with me.  I will not be returning here.
Part of why I love my visit to NYC. The food! This restaurant! First off, its located in a great area (Meatpacking district)While waiting you can actually order drinks and appetizers and have a place to sit to enjoy it!  It's sorta like a lounge to a hotel.Decor - EXCELLENT!Food-EXCELLENT!Service-EXCELLENT!Must try:Mongolian Lamb Chops crystallized ginger crustSeared Pork Tenderloin wild mushrooms, lotus scented rice, chinese baconChinese Sausage Fried Rice Total SEX AND THE CITY!Have a couple of Cosmos with all your gals here. Sit and chit chat through the night. PERFECTO. Gotta love this place. It's up to par.
This definitely gets a 5.  It is a little "scene," but the food is so delicious (as are the cocktails) that nothing else really matters!  Try everything (you can afford)!  You won't be disappointed.
Buddakan had it's high points last Saturday but on the whole it wasn't worth it for the price.Decor:a happy medium between industrial and flamboyant. Probably the biggest NYC restaurant I've been to...Food: I hear it was better a couple years ago... It was good but I've had some great Chinatown food for 1/20 the price.  The highlight was the Roast Pork with Mushu Pancakes.  The Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly Buns were very fatty and not in that scrumptious "I wish I had more of this fat" sort of way.  The fat was present but not particularly tasty:(  The Chili Rock Shrimp was good but not mind blowing as others have reported.  The accidental Potstickers that were delivered to out table were good too but not amazing.  The Ginger glazed carrots were a nice simple accompaniment.  On the whole the food just wasn't so special.Drinks: The specialty drinks were very tasty and the bar was quite lovely. I started with Fate which is a Proseco drink - very refreshing.  Then I went on to Fever which is a well balanced Mezcal and Jalapeno cocktail with a bit of sweetness from the pomegranate.  My fiance had the Solid (bourbon, orange and ginger) which was oddly refreshing for a bourbon drink.  All told the drinks get a winning vote!If you are a foodie and in the mood for tasty Asian fare- go to the bar and then to my favorite ramen place Menkui Tei on 57th st. Very inexpensive and more satisfying than Buddakan.  Or head to Chinatown to Joe's Ginger where you also can't go wrong.  Yum.
Like everyone else already mentioned, the decor is BEAUTIFUL...We had an EXCELLENT waiter - attentive, helpful and knowledgeable. 

The Food...I have to say I was a bit disappointed. The edamame  dumplings and black cod were Delicious, but some other dishes were variations of what i could find in Koreatown or Chinatown.

A few examples...
Chinese sausage fried rice = korean-style fried rice with egg
Sweet  crispy jumbo shrimp = giant prawns w/grand marnier mayo sauce, broccoli  walnuts

We had a party of 4, and everyone agreed that the food was great regardless. Our bill came out to about 250 and it was well worth it for the service, food, ambience and experience.

One note - make your request for which room you want to dine in when you make your reservation. It's a lot easier if you request it beforehand, than just showing up and asking to be seated there.
So I was sent here from a friend that recommended it and it was a pretty good experience. I had the lobster fried rice and a calamari appetizer. Both were cooked perfectly I think and for it being busy my food came out in time. The only thing I wasn't to pleased is that my waiter looked mad that I didn't order more when he asked me if that's all I'm ordering. Other than that the place is good.
I went on a Sunday night with my two daughters, and they say it was the "best meal they ever had".each dish was better than the previous and there was not one disapointmeant. An outstanding meal overall.
Food was alright, in all honesty, I was a little disappointed.  The Peking duck was served with thin tortilla-like pieces as the pancake which wasn't as exciting.  The minced pork lo mein was mediocre.  The dumplings were the best thing we tried on the menu.  The decor was beautiful and the service couldn't be better.  For dessert, we had coconut creme brulee and it was out of this world.  I was tempted to give it 4 stars, but the tortilla-like pancakes have to go!
This place was great, the food was quite excellent. Highlight of the night was the spicy shrimp. Its soaked in some thick oily Buffalo sauce and delicately fried. Really delicious. Second up on my list would be the cod. It was delicious and came with a great salsa. Honorable mention in third place the fried tofu dish, it gained bonus points for the tender grilled pineapple chunks mixed in as well. The asparagus was good as well, and the turnip fries were interesting, if not something I would get again. Worth trying everything once I say! The sorbet was good at the end, but the gelatin was surprising. It sits in a wonderful cream soda. The food was great, and the service was attentive but not too annoying. Highly recommended.
Absolutely beautiful presentation and detail in every aspect of Buddakan.It's like dining inside a glamorous castle. Downstairs is where it's at. I literally gasped the first time I dined here. You walk down banquet stairs (Think Beauty and the Beast: the formal dinner scene) and in the grand room is a long, long table (for your party of 20 or so, just eyeballing it). The space is gorgeous. High ceilings, sparkling chandeliers and the space is flooded with a warm, golden light. There is a "library" with glowing books, flanked by a bar of the premium kind.The drinks are fantastic (Try the "Fate"- Elderflowers, prosecco and pineapple). The food, although overpriced for Chinese fusion fare, is presented flawlessly and made with painstaking attention to detail and flavor. The Tuna Tartare spring roll is light and crispy, the chili rock shrimp is flavorful and sweet, the boneless spare ribs are tasty and the Shanghai soup dumplings (although extremely overpriced compared to Joe's Shanghai/Ginger) is worth the $14. They are light on the soup but heavy on flavor. I got the Charred Filet of Beef, which was delicious. It was well-made and not too heavy. A friend got the Hot  Sour Scallops, which although were very tasty (trusting his judgement since I didn't dare ask to try), but the portion was miniscule. Only two not-very-sizable scallops. The Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp was wonderful as well. It was a friend's birthday dinner so we ordered a cake and two bottles of wine, that greatly contributed to $80 per person for an eight person table. Normally it'd probably be a little less.if you're looking for an impressive place and are willing to pay for the atmosphere, then this is a perfect place to go. Cheers.
astonishing!!!! the local Is so beautiful , very friendly waiters , fantastics food . This restaurant is unforgettable all time. i love to go back when i am in NYC.  i know that can have a good time here!!!i love spend time here. the staff always are very efficient and quite friendly
OMG..... This is Zee BEST designed Chinese-inspired restaurant EVER!  Holy Moly... I really did not expect this.  Love the interior design.... The food and drinks were great too.  (This is a BELATED review..... So, I cannot quite give a detailed description of the food.  But I Vividly remember the AMAZING interior!)
It was fun.  In comparison to Tao, where I've been to quite a few times, I have to say I had more fun here.  The decor isn't so Pacific tacky as Tao is.  In fact, it's quite the opposite.  Pictures on the wall have nothing to do with Eastern culture at times and actually spark interesting conversation instead leaving you thinking you've stepped into a bland pot of coffee like the other place.  It's dark and frankly you can't see much around you past 20 feet, but there's still an expansive sense of warmth all around you.  If you can, get seated downstairs.  If you're stuck upstairs near the bar, you're gonna have only the view of the more open downstairs and the view of buzzed people waiting by the bar for their tables.  We had a large group, and while we had to wait a while despite reservations (about 30-45 minutes,) it was worth it (but not well worth it.)  The dinner was interesting, imaginative, and fun (that's the 2nd time I've said it.)  Our waiter was helpful and funny.   It's very expensive for similar (or even better) tasting food prepared at more authentic Asian food places, given the fact that you can't really change standards like spring rolls, potstickers, general tso's, steamed sole, etc, and they don't even have some of the highly sought after Chinese dishes not popular among casual Chinese food diners.  The one saving grace are the desserts, which aren't necessarily anywhere close to authentic for Chinese food, but are more western in inspiration.
I feel like gourmet Chinese can't be done successfully, true it's not as oily and a bit more refined. Their edamame dumplings were good, the soup dumplings were disappointing and nothing else was memorable. I'm not really a fan of the decor either. I'd rather go to Chinatown and save my money.
Great lounge, impressive large dining room, and above all, great food. You can't go wrong here. Only down side is it is quite large and doesn't always feel intimate as a result.
I went here for Valentines Day earlier this year and my partner and I absolutely loved the food here. When you eat food that is put together so well you really understand the meaning of "getting what you pay for" but we happily spent the extra money.
Buddakan is phenomenal!   Great restaurant, I've been here so many times and I still love it.  You have to try the pork belly steamed buns, the crab fried rice, and the sizzling short rib.  Great ambiance, great scene (be prepared for major bt representation on the weekends), and great drinks.  Perfect place if you want to have dinner and stick around for drinks after wards.  The Meatpacking District is getting old but this place should be kept on the radar for any kind of dinner whether its a date, group, bday, or you want to impress someone from out of town.
Very cool.  The appetizers were great (the edamame dumplings were delicious!), meals were tasty and the ambiance is very NYC - dark, trendy, stylish.  Worth checking out.
eh? good place to take out-of-towners but would I go there again on my own? nope. the place is beautiful, the food was alright but it doesn't merit the price. I would have paid no more than 20 dollars per entree. the food wasn't innovative it was just your regular mushu pork that you pay double for "to see and be seen." my parents loved it.
I had no idea what this place was when my friend suggested we go there.  But upon walking inside, I fell in love!  The decor and ambiance were just perfect!  The service was nice, even though we didn't order that much and I could tell the waitress was pissed.  Whatever, this place is getting 5 stars from me for the decor and the FOOD.  Deviled tuna tartare - Delicious. I don't know what the sauce was that they put beside it--but I could not stop scooping it up with my fork.Mongolian lamb chops - Loved the crystallized ginger crust, and the lamb chops were moist and cooked to perfection!House special fried rice - Delicious--and they did not skimp on the scallops!Charm - passion fruit liquer with berries, apples, berries, prosecco -- yum!This place is a bit on the pricey side, but I would go again without hesitation.  Loved it.
had great experiences here for 2 nights. it was a bit interesting that they sent u to this lounge area to wait for the hostess to come get u after u checked in. it took the hostess 5 mins or so to take us to the table. it was not a big deal but can be annoying. both nights i had a great time, food and service. the waiter really knows their stuff and recommended great dishes. both nights i had different appetizers, main course and dessert. for appetizer, the must try when u visit buddakan are lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, and steamed sea bass roll. i've also tried scallion pancakes but it wasnt as good comparing to others. for main course, i had charred filet of beef, charred asparagus, wild mushroom chow fun, lobster fried rice and glazed alaskan black cod, which is a must try. for dessert i had honey jasmine cheesecake, which was very good. both nights i was there, they were busy but my reservations were at 7:30. i had a great experience at buddakan all around, the atmosphere, food and service. a great place for any occasions whether it's birthday, celebration, dinner meeting, romantic dinner. a really great place for out of towners to try. i'd definitely return on my next trip to nyc!!
Just amazing Chinese food in an ultra chic NYC setting. My husband and I didn't make a booking but found a seat in the lounge. It looked kind of chaotic but the server we had was completely on it. I never felt we had to wait too long and everything came out in a timely fashion. Highly recommend the green pea and shrimp dumpling...to die for and the Cantonese steamed fish was just like my mother's. Yes we are Cantonese and it is mind blowing to have authentic Chinese food presented in a Western setting but the flavours were pretty traditional with just a light twist of something new.
Two words: edamame dumplings. I DREAM about these. I once ate 3 orders by myself (hey, it was my birthday, why not!). The duck is amazing as well. Easily my favorite restaurant in NYC. The decor is great too, and the service is friendly. Delicious cocktails as well. Love it!!!
this place is freekin amazing. i was lucky enough to have dinner with my company. with that comes a crazyyyy prix fix 20+ course meal. this consisted of:1.) edamame dumplings - the highlight!! so good, rich, creamy. has a touch of truffle oil. 2.) lobster egg roll - i dont remember much of this but what i do remember was that it was freekin fantastic. its really hard to f up a lobster dish3.) Tuna Spring roll - eh little deceiving. its more of a tuna taretar stuffed eggroll wrapper flute. it was just okay4.) beef lettuce cups - this was really good. the flavors blended sooo well.5.) general tso dumplings. this was sooo delicious. it was a bit tricky though because of the liquid. it splashes/spills and may burn you on the first bite!!!main meal 6.) blazed alaskan black cod - this was okay but i had better. i felt that it was a bit too sweet.7.) sweet  crispy shrimp - possibly my favorite! its combo between walnut shrimp and lemon shrimp and all so yummmm.8.) hot  sour scallops - this was pretty good. scallops are good size. 9.) whole packing duck - ive had better. the titles a bit deceiving too because its more on the lines of "whole breast duck"10.) beef with gravy sauce - this was cooked so well. it comes with a side of gravy that made it booomb!!side dishes11.) wok-tossed tofu  broccoli - i think this is the one dish i can completely do without. the veggies were slightly overcooked and it was a bit to salty for my taste.12.) lobster fried rice - i'm not a huge fan of fried rice, but if you definitely want a rice dish.. this would be it!13.) chow mein - it was okay. i can do without. tasted like any other places chow main.Dessert - quite honestly all the deserts were delicious. we had:14.) chocolate mille feuille - if your a chocolate/banana lover you will LOVE this!15.) chocolate peanut butter bombe - this was a lot of the parties favorite. the ice cream was heavenly!!16.) passion fruit mouse partfait - i found this to be a little too sweet for my likening. besides the extreme sweetness the flavors are extremely distinct!17.) asian citrus souffle - my absolute favorite!!!! everything about it was delish!!18.) chocolate souffle - chocolate lovers will LOVE this! soo good19.) rose  jasmine sorbet with Sake - this sorbet is really good and fragrant. tastes pleasantly flowery. this is an acquired taste though.20.) key lime souffle - im not a big fan of key lime anything, so it make sense for me to say it was just okay.drinks21. Fate - this is really good. i wanted a lychee mojito but this hit the spot!22. charm - this was okay. i was looking for somehting a little more fruity.anyhow this meal was bomb. definitely hit the spot. heck its 4 in the morning right now in NY and im still finding time to rave about this place!! my boss treats us well..
It's silly and theatrical, but fun.  The food is good and not that expensive as long as you don't drink yourself silly.  I like to either go with a group and have a dinner/club fun time, or go very early/late and enjoy the food when it's a bit more quiet.
I spend way too much time here.   Don't get me wrong, its great, but Buddakan has become my dining crutch.Hailing from Philly, I've been a fan of the Starr Restaurant empire since I was 17, when I used to frequent Buddakan Philadelphia to (drink underage) ahem dine.  Buddakan Philly feels like a more intimate Tao, but Buddakan New York reminds me of the castle in the Beauty and the Beast movie.  VERY different feel.  The Buddakan NY menu blows the Philadelphia menu out of the water.  The food is pretty much upscale, stylized Chinese fare -  I love my food stylized, and I love everything about the menu.   Try the shrimp dumplings, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the house fried rice.   Or don't.  Regardless of what  you order, Its hard to steer wrong at one of Starr's places.   Another SRO hit.
I  enjoy coming here, ordering delicate food and sipping on a delicious drink. The crying chocolate dessert was especially enjoyable. However, it is in the meatpacking district and was featured in the Sex and the City movie (please don't ask me how I know that. ok, so I watched it on demand, i'm reluctant to admit...)--SO, expect a fairly large percentage of the crowd to be Bridge  Tunnel. If you bring your own company and stick with them, it can be a good time. Great service, for sure. Had a friend's birthday party here and they were very accommodating!
Me and my girlfriends went to Buddakan for my birthday dinner last week Sunday, and we were all impressed!!...I loved the ambience and decor that I took pics!!...My girlfriends ordered the lobster fried rice, red snapper, sweet and sour chicken, and I ordered the charred fillet of beet with the wonton crisps with mustard sauce. Every meal was delish. For dessert I ordered the decadent crying chocolate which was decorated with a birthday candle which was a very nice touch!!...I gotta come back for cocktails!!...Definitely come to Buddakan for appetizers, cocktails and dinner because you'll enjoy it!!....:)
I absolutely loved this place. We were 20 minutes late for our reservation on a full Friday night... no problem. 15 minutes at the bar and off to our table. Beautiful decor, slightly overpriced drinks and incredible food. We started with the edamame dumplings and liked them so much we immediately ordered another plate. What followed was a veritable sampling of vegetables, beef, black sea bass,  fried rice. Oh wait we haven't even gotten to the dessert! Crying Chocolate and donuts forced us to take a doggie bag home. $240 for 3 people is just fine for me and who gives a damn about SITC.
OK - Went here last night with a bunch of friends to celebrate my engagement.  Great space and nobody seemed to mind us getting really loud.  Waiter recommended 1appy and one entree per person to share.  I say no way.  As the self proclaimed king of appetizers, I decided for the 6 of us to get 10 appys and 4 entrees.  Appetizers were much better - Surprised by the edamame dumplings.  Rock shrimp better at Nobu, but still good.  Best entree was lamb.  Keep the drinks flowing and have a ton of fun with your friends.  At about 9pm the cougars came out to play, so bring hunting gear.
4 1/2  star actually, just for the fact i felt like i was in a bank vault, or a james bond dungeon.  sit in the main room, there's a picture of it here. there's the main table where you can share you meal with the king, but there are also a couple side tables. food was very good, sceny for sure, but there are many that are too in this town.there's a shark pool below the chandeliers.
Buddakan's food is A-OK, but the ambiance and atmosphere is fun, unique and still worth going. My first time at Buddakan was when my gf from Cali was visiting, and my 2nd time going there was 2 nights ago with 3 co-workers. I think my 2nd visit was better due to the following: 1) we were seated in the main dining room (downstairs) in a booth seating and that was just amazing! I think that made all the difference in the world. The first time we went. We were seated upstairs in that one area with the windows looking down into the main dining room and just had the feeling, man.. i want to sit down there! So yeah, downstairs seating is great. 2) Our waiter the 2nd time introduced himself as having been working at the restaurant since it opened. He was extremely knowledgeable, helped us put our menu together, and took our drink orders quickly. He recommended a few different drinks and promised that if we didn't like them.. he would take them back. We had a few rounds of the Charm and Fate. Both were yummy and tasted like sparkling wine with fruit infusions, very light and refreshing :) One of my gf's didn't like her mojito.. it was made too strong the first time around, he quickly took it away and brought her a new one, much better. The first time we went.. i remember having the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare springrolls, chili rock shrimp, wild mushroom chowfun, sugar snap peas, king crab hot pot, etc. The other night we had again the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, the potstickers, the whole peking duck, wok tofu and brocolli, lobster fried rice, sizzling short rib and chili crab and crispy noodles. I would say they did a fabulous job on the duck just because it's really hard to get an entire duck de-fatted, and have the skin crispy. The duck wraps were a little too floury for my taste, but it was authentic still in the sense that they brought out the strips of cucumber and green onion. yum! The short rib was really tender and no fat as well! We also ordered for dessert: the crying chocolate, the 5 spice donuts, asian citron souffle, and the choco peanut butter bomb! the desserts were pretty amazing.. the choco peanut butter bomb was yummy with the peanut powder, it tasted like a glorified reese's that melted in your mouth, so if you like peanut butter... crying choco and souffle wasnt that amazing, but the donuts are yummy and unique esp with the pistachio crumbs on the cinnamon icecream! i do like buddakan :)
I'll start by saying that my one experience here was just at the bar for a couple of drinks.  The drinks were lovely but certainly pricey.  The place is beautiful, the ambiance was lively (it was packed of course)  people watching here was fun; there was plenty of eye candy. *Please Note: I went well before it was featured in Sex in the City so the crowd is likely more touristy. People watching here, I'm betting has a whole new meaning now.* However, getting a drink here can be a mission.  The bar was just as packed and busy as the main dining room.  Considering the price of the drinks  how busy it was I don't think it's worth the battle to get a table to eat here.  I saw many diners enjoying their meals but nothing looked so good (believe me, I was looking) nor were there people making, "Oh" faces so I could easily say, "I'll pass, at least till some of the fame dies down."  However, if someone went through the effort of getting us reservations here, I would indeed give it shot.
The edamame potstickers were amazing, also the lobster rolls, beef pancakes, very good. I would pass on the frog legs as they were tough and over cooked. Nice ambiance and cool decor
you know, the outside of the restaurant is surprisingly obscure. it's a huge door with a small sign that says 'buddakan.'then you walk in and see this service desk with attractive ladies on the other side, asking you if you have a reservation. felt like i was in a hotel.we got wine at the bar which is in this super loungey area. and i immediately felt rich and swanky. haha! we were escorted to our table and pass by this dramatic huge dining room that you needed to go down these steep stairs to get to. and then i thought, "wow. this ambiance is ridiculous!" then were sat on the main floor in the "red vase" room. and now for my food recommendations: the tuna tartare spring roll was AMAZING and delicious and ate it SO fast i didn't know where it went. the jade shrimp dumplings were fresh and yummy. the wild mushroom chow fun was awesome. but the showstopper by a mile was the edamame dumplings. they were SO creamy and interesting, they were the star. you must get them.the waitress was super bubbly and happy, and kept refilling our wine glasses. it was very expensive (my bill alone was $75) but it's worth it. it's a good time, cool ambiance, and it's fun to spend money while you're young!
my favorite restaurant in nyc! just dined over the weekend, the service was awesome! the food is always delicious and the decor is obviously gorgeous!
This place is amazing. One of the best Asian Restaurants in the city! Ambiance is on point. Sex and the City the movie was tapped here, so if your a fan you'll enjoy it even more. The Edamame dumplings are unbelievable!
does buddakan need another review on here? probably not. but i want to call out the specialty drinks that change year round. had an Ember last night that was like an elegant tequlia sunrise with some heat / punch that lingers after you sip. most of the food is either pretty damn spectacular or just mediocre. love the spicy tuna springroll, chilean sea bass, filet, edamame dumplings and rock shrimp.
Buddakan is AMAZING! The restaraunt is beautifully decorated and the food is delicious. My waiter recommended correct portion sizes and items on the menu which were delicious! The menu is similar to China Grill and Asia de Cuba, everything is meant to be shared. Delicious food, delicious drinks, definitely a must try! FYI: As China Grill and Asia de Cuba, Buddakan is pricey. Be prepared!
Our last night in NYC was spent at Buddakan, and it was A-MAZING.We had 9pm reservations but arrived about quarter til. Told to wait at the bar and they'll find us, had a couple drinks and off we were. Walked down through the main dining hall and into the low-lit back room. The people seated next to us were closer than we'd like but they were caught up in their own lil world (read: kissy kissy, smoochy smoochy). Our food was amazing and beautifully presented. The wine and dessert were orgasmic. Our fave Top Chef contestant Dale was off that day (boo!) but we had a great time. One of the best dining experiences ever!
After all the hype I had heard about Buddakan I have to say I was disappointed after my first visit to this restaurant.  The decor was the best part about the whole experience.  We had made reservations in advance and showed up on time.  We were promptly seated at a wonderful table and the ambiance was lovely.  We ordered a few drinks which were tasty and creative.  We were determined to try as many dishes as we could and ordered a variety of appetizers.  The Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly was the best dish we had.  We also ordered a variety of main dishes and they were underwhelming as well.  Nothing really stood out for us and I have to the say the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was the best tasting dish we had.  Although the menu was creative the flavors were not what we expected.  I was expecting for that WOW moment and it never came.  The service was great but the food was no where near what we expect from such a high praised establishment.  I had my Buddakan experience and unfortunately it probably will be my last.
The energy is still strong after all these years. Came here last week for a birthday and we shared  a bunch of things which I think is the way to go, because there's nothing on the menu I didn't want to try. Typically I enjoy a simple vodka soda but when I'm somewhere so lavish I love pairing my meal with a fancy cocktail and theirs are all delicious. You can see the drinks here: boozemenus.com/venues/bu… . Great place to go and grab a drink by the bar before venturing out in Meatpacking as well.
This place is gorgeous.  It was in the Sex and the City movie as the place where Carrie and Big had their pre-wedding dinner party.  Also, a huge part of the appeal of coming here was that I got to meet Dale Talde who works in the kitchen, and by the way who was absolutely ROBBED on Top Chef by contestants far less talented than him.Okay okay, onto the food :)You have to try the Edamame Dumplings!  They're indescribably good and so innovative.  The Scallion Pancakes were delicious and the apple really makes the dish complete.  The kicker was this crab dish that our waiter recommended to us (I can't seem to find it on the online menu?).  Basically it was 2 crabs cut in half and fried so that you could eat it whole...and there was this amazing, slightly spicy sauce that you could dip it into.  Pure perfection.Other things we got to eat were the Whole Peking Duck and the Lobster Fried Rice.  There were nothing special, but delicious nonetheless.
Delicious as usual.I love this restaurant -- very cool, dark and cavernous or light and lively in the main hall. The #1 thing to love about this restaurant is the small plates -- love the rock shrimp, the shrimp dumplings, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the sea bass rolls. Absolutely delicious.I'd stick to the small plates because the main dishes and sides are a bit disappointing. We also ordered the braised short ribs entree, pork lo mein and greens. These were not bad, they just didn't have the same richness of flavor as the apps. Was not pleased by our server who claimed to have heard us order the braised short rib entree instead of the app and tried to get us to order a million dishes even though we were 4 small women. So be on the watch out for that. There's a lot of food, and no need to over-order.
BEST AND CHEAPEST CHINESE RESTAURANT IN NYC!Yep, i said it.  And i'm not drunk!  Here's an unforgettable meal at Buddakan: mao poe tofu ($14: one of the best preprations of the classic dish, gives hakkasan's michelin rated counterpart in london a run for its money), sauteed water convolvulus ($7: esoteric tubular veggie, no longer on the menu, ask for it, if not get the asian green stir fry) and chinese sausage fried rice with a sunny side egg on the top (yeah, it's the way it's done "out there", none of the greasy soy-sauce soaked crap u get at a typical nyc chinese joint).  Yeah, that's a total of $31 + tip and tax (!!!) for a extraordinarily filling (yes!), balanced (meat, veggies, carbs) and absolutely yummy comfort dinner for 2 (that's right, for 2!), just like ur chinese grandma used to make!  if u get drinks, it jumps to like 300 bucks or something (yeah, they're expensive, don't drink, just wait and get a couple of bud lights for dessert at the cab driver haunt down on 10th ave). all this and u get an wall-streeter-and-cougar-infested, garish, over-the-top, painfully trendy surrounding for free!
Absolutely delicious food. The friend I was with said it was the best meal she ever had. Don't know if I would go that far but it was delicious. Very unique menu as well. Must try the edamame dumplings. Also loved the black Alaskan cod.  Taking one star off because of the loudness of the music- as pet peeve.
I went last night for my Best Friend's Birthday and let me tell you, this place is awesome!!  Very trendy place with a beautiful decor that you will fall in love!!  Great place to go with your other half or a date that you're really into of course!!  Dim lighting, however, there is light over you and a candle votive on each table so you do see what you're eating!!  Lol!!  When you walk down the stairs to the main dining area, you will fall in love again!!  The decor is incredible and the food is spectacular!!  Great taste!!  I'll tell you what we had....Edamame Dumplings (steamed), General Tso's Dumpling, Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, Spice Tofu and Cashews, my best friend had the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod and I had the Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp.  For dessert, since it was my best friend's Birthday I requested for him the Crying Chocolate.  The waiter placed a candle and they wrote on the plate with chocolate script handwriting "Happy Birthday."  That was really nice. I had the Warm Coconut Custard Cake.  I have no complaints.  Decor, Food and Service was amazing!!
Beautiful impressive restaurant but the food is not that much better than the chinese food you can order in the city. it's great if you want to impress out of towners but not a place you'd go unless is for a drink at the bar.
My girlfriend and I were trying to choose a place to eat for her birthday, and being to NY and by only being here for 6 days, we decided to go to Butter just because we had heard about it the most from celebrities going, which is a pretty poor reason to go. Someone recommended Buddakan because he said it was such a beautiful place and very big and open, that we had to to see it. Also, being a fan of Top Chef and Dale in particular, it made the decision a bit easy for me. I was still a bit skeptical of going because it was Asian food. Well, we went and it was a great decision. The actual restaurant is amazing. Upon first entering you dont realize how grand the place is until you walk past the lounge area and into the main room. It is a wide open 2 story room with huge tables down below and chandeliers hanging from above.As far as the food, it is excellent. I got the tuna spring rolls and the deviled eggs with tuna on top. For my entree I got beef medallions which had a bearnaise type sauce that came with it. All in all it was a great experience. It was well priced for the quality and the atmosphere. I highly recommend it.
I love this nostolgic sex and the city hot spot. Very posh and fancy. The restaurant is huge with great interior design.  Food can get expensive but so tasty! Their drinks are super yummy esp the Martini's. Great place to hang out with girlfriends and birthdays parties are popular here. I recommend all their appetizers.
I like this place - although, yes, it is a bit big, and yes, at bit of a tourist trap, the food never disappoints and I think the ambiance is a bit - dare I say - sexy?  Definitely a good 1st date place in my opinion....
One of my favorite spots in NYC!  It makes for a wonderful night out! The food is delicious, as are the great cocktails (Love the Prosecco filled with berries). It's a fun, trendy spot that never disappoints!
This place was amazing. The food the music and service was excellent. My only complaint were the slippery floors, I wore six inch heels and had to walk slowly one fast move I would have slid across the room.  Other wise great place for a first date.
OH MY GOD, this was so incredible. The food, the place, the staff all reign SUPREME. Let's face it. I'm from San Francisco and I'm so lucky my kid goes to college in Manhattan.... Oh I'm the happiest gurl in the world. Buddakan we will be best of friends, that's for sure!
Been here on a couple occasions and the place has a great decor and the people watching is fun. I actually prefer the lounge area which is huge. The restaurant has an upstairs and downstairs with beautiful chandeliers. The food is pretty good, not fantastic, but good and when you mix the people watching, decor, food, atmoshpere, it's a win win for me. Good for a date or just hanging out, like I said the food is good, not great but when you mix everything together, it's definitely worth it especially if you're drinking.
We visited this place for dinner and it was not too packed but for some reason we had to wait a little while even though we were only a party of 4.While waiting we were able to check out the bar and the rest of the restaurant, I got the feel I was inside a mid evil asian castle, maybe it was just me. I did notice that they had a lower level which looks like it would be very cool to through parties down there.The tuna tartar was great as well as the whole crispy fish. The service was so so and of course the portions were small but of course expected.I would probably try another restaurant if I was in the area again.
Bleah, I didn't like the cold, cavernous, creepy interior haha.  You feel like you're in a weird cave, the food was mediocre at best.  Strangely greasy noodles, if you ask me.  Meh.  I've experienced better.
Go with a group and be prepared to spend at least 100-150 a head. Be sure to order the edamame dumplings and the lamb. So delicious.
This has quickly become one of my very favorite places in NY!  Everything about it was great from the service, the decor, the music and especially the food.  You have to try the rock shrimp and mushroom chow fun, they are absolutely fabulous!
GO HERE!! It is very good, though pricey, but yummy! The ambiance is gorgeous and the food is out of this world. I went to this one and the one in Atlantic City, and though both very good, I was surprised to find out that they are very different. Different look, different feel, different food. It is definitely worth the money once every now  again.
Went to this place twice when i was in NYC last week. Swanky crowd, and great food, even by this picky vegetarian's standards. For the fellow veg-heads out there, try the edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes to start. the coconut curry rice entre was delish, and ya can't go wrong with the tofu vegetables and green beans (but both of those were fairly standard fare.. nothing exciting). most importantly, the waiter knew the difference between vegan and lacto-vegan and vegetarian... how cool is that. brownie points for definitional awareness.
Great food.  I highly recommend the Rib eye and sea bass.  Service was excellent.
Pretty much great across the board - a complete experience that will leave you full, pampered and ready to go back again soon.  A truly superb restaurant, one of the best in NYC.
Absolutely amazing food. The fois gras and passion fruit spring rolls are divine. Also great are the short ribs, and the frogs legs.  We tried a bunch of desserts and they were all amazing.  The restaurant is also beautiful with high ceilings and such.
Wow. Great food, service and ambiance. Mongolian lamb chops are a delightful blend of sweet and savory, deviled tuna tartar is a great concept. Wash it down with the peanut butter bar -- an unbelievably rich hunk of I-don't-know-what that dissolves gracefully on your tongue.
WOW! There is nothing more to say. I would love to plan an event at this venue.
The place is very chic, your eyes will be roaming around the decor for awhile, taking in the ambiance as you settle in. The bar is really crowded, so you may have to hover waiting for a seat to open up. The tuna tartare was delicious. The service was on point. Even the rice was incredible. Our server was great, especially considering she was dealing with a large table of boisterous consultants!
I'd like this place more if it weren't so... meatpacking.  You're supposed to feel very lucky and special just to be there at all, even if you are made to wait half an hour despite your reservation, on a weeknight.  The space is inarguably beautiful - especially the stunning downstairs.  The food is good on the whole, but not spectacular.  The yellowtail appetizer was very fresh and good.  The pork belly was reminiscent of, but not as good as, the pork buns at Momofuku.  The jumbo shrimp were coated in an unfortunate, sickly sweet mayonnaise-based sauce.  (Nothing should taste like mayonnaise in an upscale restaurant.  Are we clear on that?)  The fillet of beef was tasty, and came with a buttery bernaise.  I had the chocolate mille feuille for dessert based on yelper recommendations, but it was nothing special.  But the passionfruit mousse dessert was stellar - the consistency of a light fluffy cheesecake, with slices of delicate meringue. The service was odd - our waiter disappeared for such a long stretch that I was sure he'd left the premises for good.  The cute tattooed bartender was nice though, and my second delicious elderflower  gin cocktail was free.  Which would have meant more to me if the firm wasn't paying!
pork dumplings and king crabs were deliciousdrinks could have been strongeratmosphere was great :)enjoyed my dinner here!
Asian Fusion at its best.  Went on a Friday night for a group dinner. You've got a nice spacious bar with plenty of seats to hang out in as you walk in the door, while you wait for you table.  Drinks are pricey and so is the food, so if you don't have money burning in your pocket, skip it.  But, I think it's worth it to dine here for experience and presentation. The food was well-prepared and the service was tops.  If you don't want the same ol thing and want something different and exciting, I'd try this place out.  Enjoyed it.
I LOVE Buddakan! My favorite place for Asian food in the city.  First of all everything I have ever had there is delicious so u will not hear one complaint. I always get the edamame dumplings but a friend tried one once and was not a big fan.  My other favorites are the pork buns, general tso dumplings and the short rib entree.  I really want to try others but I can't bring myself to ever order anything else because the tender short ribs with the mushroom chow fun is too amazing.
If Buddakan were a guy, this is what he'd be like:  tall, dark, handsome.  Dressed to the nines, with a smile that makes you melt and with beautiful eyes to draw you in.  I'd take a look and immediately classify him as a pretty face.  And I would never expect that there could be more behind the façade.  So imagine my surprise when I finally dined here this past weekend.  I'd heard some good things but I was reluctant to believe it.It was a girls' weekend and between the three of us girls, we ordered two entrees, two sides, an appetizer and a dessert.  I'd expected the portions to be on the smaller side and we ordered just the right number of dishes for three people.  We started with an order of the pork gyoza and then Heather, Susan and I shared the pork tenderloin and the whole crispy fish with the house special fried rice and the grilled asian vegetables.  We finished with the crying chocolate.Pork gyoza - were good.  There are probably better starters but this one was solid.Pork tenderloin - cooked medium rare, it was perfect.  It came with a side of the best deep fried eggplant I've ever had.  In fact, if I could, I would order the eggplant by itself. This is not to say the pork tenderloin can't stand by itself.  It was as good as what I've had at Blue Hills but the eggplant is divine and worth fighting over.  Crispy whole fish - amazing.  Came with head and tail on.  Crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside, it was enhanced further with a salad of fresh tomatoes, watermelon, and what could have been a daikon cousin.  House special fried rice - I usually steer clear of dishes this easy to make but this wasn't bad actually.  It provided a nice palate from which we could focus on the other complimentary flavors.Asian grilled vegetables - basically, bok-choy and other greens sauteed with garlic.  So simple and yet when you cook good quality vegetable just right, there's nothing that can beat that.When the crying chocolate came, and Heather finally cut into it with her fork, a river of chocolate flowed from it as we all "oooohhh-ed".  The coffee bean ice cream complements the chocolate well and with two bites each, dessert had disappeared.  All in all, service was great.  The dining room is just gorgeous.  Most surprisingly though, the food here was as good as Eleven Madison or Union Square Café.  Reservations can be difficult and prime time slots go about a month in advance.  I had tried booking dinner for large groups here and for groups of 15+, there are prix fixe menus that start at above $100 per person.  Dinner in smalller groups are much more reasonable and while I did not pick up the check, I don't think our dinner was more than $200 total, including tip.
Sorry, but what a ridiculous place. It's way too dark in the bar. There was way too much staff prancing about not doing anything. Took 20 minutes before a menu came. My man ordered a beer, I ordered a pinot, he got his after 10 minutes and the waitress forgot about mine. When we ordered the food she commented on each choice as if I was a five year old and mummy needs to tell me what's good for me. Nothing was spicy. My steamed fish was far too bitter. And everything we ordered (and there were many dishes for the 4 of us) was COLD. Table wasn't cleared for at least 20 minutes afterward while loads and loads of black clad staff walked past all the time, looking very busy, but never actually carrying anything. What a silly trendy wank place. Never again.
Happened to have a res the night after seeing the premiere of Sex and the City, and Carrie had her engagement dinner here.  Got there early, and were seated 45 minutes after our reservation time...so we sat sipping on proseco at the bar area.  They comped half our meal and gave us free amazing appetizers (please get the lobster spring rolls).  Had great tofu stir fry dishes and overall, was utterly satisfying and fresh for trendy chinese food.  The peanut butter desert was too much tho...20/person later and still happy even tho we were sat so late, it was hilarious!  I'm going back and paying full price stat.
Meh, it definitely wasn't worth it. The food was ok but not great, small portions. I won't go back.
Decent food, trendy vibe, HORRIBLE service. Our waiter apparently did not understand how to work a credit card machine. Our party of 9, out to celebrate a bridal shower, had a total bill of $550, and the guy (Owen) actually tried to get away with charging us about $1200. When we called him out on it, he went back to supposedly "fix" it, and came back 30 minutes later with ANOTHER incorrect charge on our credit cards. So now, we're sitting here with two large debits, and he has yet to produce proof that either were reversed/voided. By this time, we've been trying to pay our bill for over an hour (he never even came back to pick up the check the first time... we had to track him down), so we get a manager involved. HE apparently knew how to work a computer and produced proper charges, but we STILL continued to sit around waiting on those void slips. All said  done, we didn't get out of there until more than 2 hours after we'd finished eating, management offered nothing to appease our obviously irritated group (other than to offer us each "A" drink), some members of our group were forced to leave without proof of the debit reversals, and the night had been ruined for our bride-to-be... we were all dressed up with no where to go at this point. Will NEVER return, and would NOT recommend to anyone. Forgot to mention that the waiter actually had the audacity to tell one of our friends (a doctor, mind you) to "behave." How DARE he?
Buddakan is a true New York restaurant, a chic dining experience in a gorgeous setting that will blow your mind away. This place is a perfect place to dine. I celebrated my 21st birthday here last month and the food was amazing. The staff was beyond helpful helping to ensure my birthday night was more than I expected. Drinks were by far amazing and the food was delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone. Anyone  who is a true New Yorker will be able to appreciate the liveliness within Buddakan.
Had a fabulous dinner (after a rocky start in the bar area) over memorial day weekend. We arrived on time for our reservation and were told our table wouldn't be ready for a bit and to grab a drink in the bar. About 30 seconds after puttting in our drink orders, the hostess came to find us and show us to our table. We notified her that we had ordered drinks and asked for them to just be brought to our table. I don't know if this is some weird policy or something but they refused to allow it. We sat there for about 10 minutes with a hostess (awkwardly) standing there on top of us before they brought our drinks. We then had to wait for them to run the credit cards, as they refused to add it to our dinner check. The whole ordeal lasted about 15 minutes and was unnecessarily frustrating. It really started what we hoped to be a nice night out on the wrong foot. Luckily, the food lived up to the hype so the evening was redeemed. We ordered the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, boneless spare ribs, tuna tartar spring rolls, beef lettuce cups and the filet. The edamame dumpling were incredible!! They didn't even taste like edamame to me-  more like truffle mashed potatoes. I wish I had just ordered a bunch of these as my meal! The boneless spare ribs definitely surpassed my expectations, kind of like an upscale pulled pork. The calamari salad was what I was really looking forward to (I LOVE it at other stephen starr restaurants) but unfortunately it was a little diappointing. It was still good, just not as good as the one at continental in Philadelphia. I really wanted to like the tuna tartar spring rolls, but they were the disappointment of the night. They're really the only thing I wouldn't order again.  The lettuce cups and filet were both good too, but nothing you can't get elsewhere. Great for a date night or fun night out with the girls. The restaurant is beautiful and the service (once you're out of the bar area) is top notch!
Great ambiance, amazing space, and the food is phenomenal.  It's trendy, in the meatpacking district, which I'm kind of not a fan of (even though I work in the area), but I've been there twice, and when I was there sober I realized that the food is definitely worth what you pay for (the edamame dumplings were amazing), but the drinks are way too overpriced and weak, not really worth the price.In my opinion, great for an outing like a birthday or a date, but not for a casual dinner.
just came back from dinner and i was pleasantly surprised!  the place was way bigger than i had expected . the decor was chic and lovely. the drinks: strong! the food was way better than i had expecting. if a place is hip and cool that usually means half ass food. I had very low expectations with this being a chic fusiony place BUT everything was cooked with attention to detail and had a very tasty blend of flavors. nothing was oversalted or sugary. everything tasted exceptionally clean .the crispy calamari salad was very light and refreshing. i noticed that instead of making everything sugary  like most fusion places, they integrated some unexpected traditional ingredients into all the dishes. the salad for example had fried calamari with granny smith apples. they complimented eachother perfectly. we also had a claypot duck which had candied walnuts and braised pinenuts.  great .  the steamed red snapper was cooked to perfection, as were the mongolian lamb chops!! EXELLENT..... service was very prompt and professional.  only think i would complain about was that that some of the dishes, particularly the spiced tofu were a bit cold. the waiter informed us that everything would be cooked asap, and i think he waited for us to finish our salad too long before bringing out some of the main dishes......but i guess they dont hold fire the dishes here???and oh yea..if you order rice. its going to be ginormous. we ordered 4 bowls of rice and they were each as big as my head. so be forewarned.even still......highhly recommnded. bring your friends who are sick of crappy a-fusion to buddakan!!!  THEY WILL LOVE YOU AND STEAL THE FOOD OFF YOUR PLATE
Ah-freakin-mazing! Food and service are top notch here. We ordered edmame dumplings, pork dumplings, pork spare ribs (to die for), beef short rib (die even more) fried rice, and twice cooked long bean. Holy cow best meal I've even eaten. Beautiful atmosphere. The service was excellent. Explained the menu perfectly. Would recommend and plan on returning soon!
The main dining room looks like it came straight from the chateau of Louis XIV (think Versailles), AFTER he returned from antiquing in the orient. A long communal table cuts down the middle and there are banquettes along the sides--which are nice. The people seated facing "out" from said banquettes are treated to a spectacular view of the surroundings. Food and service are both excellent, although I still prefer the Philly location where I received my Buddakan baptism--as it were.
Fantastic atmosphere, great service, average food.  Being from SF, I've had much better Asian delights, if only we could get this swanky of a place to eat them in.
Love this place!   I loved the one in Philly and was hoping it would open in NY and I've been so happy.  I always have a great dinner here. The food is wonderful, the atmosphere is divine.  I always like to sit in a different section when I am there depending on the company I am with.  The service is always outstanding.
Yes, it's very trendy, the atmosphere is nice and the drinks are made well.  The food however, is nothing special.  The tuna tartare was overpowering where you could hardly taste the fish and the frog legs were too salty.  The edamame dumplings are pretty good.  I had the sole which was just so-so and sampled my other friends' dishes to which none of them blew me away.  In fact out of all the dishes I enjoyed the lobster fried rice the best.If you're looking for a good time, space and vibe then you'll enjoy yourself here but for quality food I'd go elsewhere.
Went for my birthday with a party of 8.  I preordered the tasting menu with paired wines recommended by their event planner.  My whole experience was great.  The actual restaurant is beautiful, the service was excellent and the food was amazing.  It was a wonderful night yet we were rushed through dinner.  The food kept coming before we got a chance to finish the previous platter.  At one point it was a bit overwhelming.  I would still recommend it since it was such a great night.
Ambiance is nice.  Drinks were good. Food was alright.  To me, it was overpriced Asian food.  Nothing really wowed me.  This is my review of the food that I ate a few years ago.  Maybe I should give it another fair shot and eat their again.
A solid pick every time. I have come here dozens of times for 1) large grps, 2) client events, 3) dates when i was single, and 4) out of town guests.  This place has it all...great ambience, good food (and i dont generally like fusion), great beverages, lots of space...one downfall is still hard to get resos.
Went here with some friends for the first time a few weeks ago.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Definitely a place to see and be seen, and the food is amaaaaazing.  I didn't have one bad dish from there.  Make sure you bring a big wallet with you though because you'll be spending a lot here if you want to try a little bit of everything.
There's already 90+ reviews for Buddakan so I'm not gonna really talk about the food or the place other than to say I've really enjoyed both on all my visits.Wheelchair Access: This is something I've been meaning to write for awhile and honestly I apologize to Buddakan for not getting to it sooner. Some months ago The NY Times  did a generally excellent article about accessibility and restaurants. I do however think Buddakan was unfairly portrayed. I've been three times (2 private parties, one business dinner) and have always been treated terrificly by the staff. Upon entrance there's a lift to your left that takes you the 3 or 4 feet to the main level. One time the lift was broken. The manager was waiting at the front to explain and apologize. 2 or 3 large guys (way more than enough) were waiting as well to help me up the stairs. No problem. There's a very accessible bathroom on this level and a lot of different, cool areas to dine. I've never gone 'downstairs' and I'm not sure if there's a way down. Buddakan has always been accessible for me and I've had three great evenings and meals there. Is it perfect, no, but I've always been happy with their effort and care. Call ahead and make sure the manager is aware of your needs and you should be fine. I appreciated the article in the Times, but was disappointed to see these guys take a hit.
Great atmosphere, wonderful staff, and good food. We went in late on a Saturday night and the place was packed. They said 25 minutes till we could get a table, so we went to the bar, ordered drinks, took a few sips, when they came to seat us after 5 minutes. But best of all, two separate staff complimented my gorgeous date.. which had me doing a little touchdown dance in my head.
Beautiful and hip as stated below.  The filet was phenomenal, but I found the rest of the food just good.  (We also had edamame dumplings, lobster/shrimp chow fun, and chocolate dessert)
Asian-fusion places usually give you very small portions but not Buddahan.  That is about the only good thing I have to say.  All portions were served luke warm except for one scalding hot dish and the food was average. Sure the space is great and Sara Jessica Parker was there but the crowd is a bit trashy.  Go to Tao instead.
I would come back for the amazing interior. Our waitress was very nice and service was good. The food was good too... not great and overpriced for the small portions, but I expected that. My boyfriend left hungry :(
Second time here. It was packed all evening on a Tuesday night. Great ambiance, crowd, and decor. Giving it a 4/5 because of the food, but everything else was a 5/5. Definitely recommend this place to everyone, especially if you are in a large group.
Went here for my birthday dinner:) I have been to the one in Philadelphia two years ago so was anxious to finally try this out. The food here is delicious. You must get the crispy calamari salad and I actually gave in and tried the Peking Duck! Atmosphere is amazing, service one of the best I have had(They sat all of us right away without reservations) and  the food was a perfect ten. I would  recommend coming here during the week instead of the weekend where it can get a bit cheesy!
I have been here a few times and everytime has been a great experience. The cocktail "fate" is amazing. It comes "up" but I always order it on the rocks and I often crave it! I also ALWAYS order the edamame dumplings. They are the most delicious thing on the menu that I've had so far. All of the food is very good... some of the main courses on the tasting menu are just ok (chicken dishes) but overall I am a fan!
We went to Buddhakan last week as I've been told it's the new Spice Market. There are cool cocktails on the menu and I must admit our meal was FABULOUS....but the scene leaves a lot to be desired. It's definitely not what Spice Market used to be....people were pretty cheesy. If you can get past the crowd and just enjoy the food, it's worth a visit.
Really fun atmosphere, delicious food. Recommend the dumpling appetizer!
This place does not live up to the hype surrounding it. This was a birthday party dinner, our birthday boy was excited about thus restaurant and his birthday. We were a table of 7. And of course 2 of our party were late. The restaurant was somewhat hard to find being that it was all black, and the sign was in black, so you couldn't see it if you were across the street. The people working near the door and desk were all dressed in black, and when I arrived ignored me. I had to speak to another girl at the desk to ask her where the bar was. Once inside at the bar, me and my friends had a drink, one drink to be exact. Our waitress carded us, to which she said she did this to everyone. Maybe because we were graduate students and still had the stench of school with us. But she was delightfully funny. I had the Charm drink, for $12. They finally sat us 20 minutes later, placing our cocktails on a tray and led us downstairs, though they did rush us as we were trying to settle our tab at the bar. We were lead downstairs, we were amazed at the decor and how dim and dark it was. They sat us at the huge table, many people had said it reminded them of harry potter. The bathroom was insanely dark. The ladies room was pitch black, everything was black, they had 3 separate rooms for stalls, but it was dark in there, you couldn't really see what you were doing. The only light was a small beam of light shooting down to the sink. There was no way you could apply lipstick or see if you had food in your teeth, let alone know if you didn't tuck your skirt into your pantyhose....other patrons there complained about the absolute darkness of it.But back to the food. The waitress explained to us that they serve things family style there, and that everyone would take from the dishes, and that no one would have an individual plate. For the birthday boy he was happy because it meant he would be able to try many different dishes. We ended up ordering, the jumbo shrimp, hot and sour scallops, Peking duck, Mongolian lamb chops, side of fried rice, calamari appetizers, and corn and crab balls. We figured that would be enough if we were sharing and also considering how much they were charging us per plate. The calamari came out, and it was tempura like, but fluffy, airy and tasty. It was when the crab corn cakes came out that the trouble started and we could feel we were in trouble. There were not enough appetizers for 7 people. so we split them in half and had a little taste and that was the theme for the rest of the night. As the other dishes came out we could see they were not proportioned for family style. The food was great. The jumbo shrimp, they decided to downscale from the last review of 5 to 4. There were 4 shrimp for 7 people. Then the scallops came. there were 3. Now if you were just one person, and this was your entree I think you'd be somewhat upset at the fact that there are only 3 scallops, clearly not enough for you to be full on or satisfied. The lamb chops were three, with three small pieces of baby bock choi. They were ginger crusted and quite tasty for the small piece i was able to sample. The Peking duck that they claim to be a whole duck, clearly was not a whole duck, they even plated it nicely, but you could tell it was not a whole duck. They seem to think if you make things smaller people will find them cuter. The side of fried rice was somewhat decent, it was something everyone could eat somewhat. It wasn't anything spectacular. Needless to say at the end of this, we were not full, and not amused. When the waitress said family style we thought it implied that it would be somewhat enough for everyone to eat, but apparently the portions showed that it was barely enough for one person to eat. 3 scallops? 4 shrimp? 3 lamb chops? cmon! unless you have a eating disorder or have had your stomach binded or stapled you're not going to get full here unless you order 2 or more entrees. and at that price you might as well go elsewhere.as for the cake? well apparently a cake much like wine gets a fee. the cake slicing fee was $3 a slice, and that would have been a whole other entree!  Their desserts looked very well plated and were at least $10 and up and we were tempted to get some but after we heard the cake cutting fee we decided to leave. When the bill came for our small portions, they had already decided to include a 20% tip! Now we were overcharged for food that barely fed us,  they refused our birthday boy's cake, and they had the audacity to add 20% into our bill! Needless to say, we paid the bill to the exact penny and took our birthday boy's cake elsewhere. Though it was lovely for decor and atmosphere, the portions of the food were appalling. Its filled with wannabe hipsters and trendsters, ugh they don't know what real asian food tastes like, and again the portions are small, the booze is great, and the bathrooms are dark as hell. If you're a party of 2, I'm sure you'll enjoy it more.
The atmosphere is very nice.  The drinks are good. The service is average. I asked for a dish with no black pepper on it and sure enough it came with the pepper on it. The food is really nothing to write about. I might go back for a  drink but not to eat.
so much fun! the food is really delicious and as a once in a while splurge, its totally worth it. had one of the fish dishes, the most memorable, forgot the name but it was sole, MELTS in your mouth! also really good.. the kimchi cauliflower, but only because i am a HUGE cauliflower fan.. is that weird? taro lollipops are delicious also.waitstaff really nice and polite, decor extremely impressive.
Smart, sexy, Asian food in a setting to match.  Portions are small so it's easy to order (spend) a lot but that's probably the best way to plan on approaching this place since it's all about experiencing an array of flavor combinations.  The side veggies (snap peas!) are a bit more filling and always impress me and the cocktails were good but a bit sweet.  And like the rest of the world, I'd eat those edamame dumplings any day of the week.
i hate these trendy kind of places!  Overall, pricey and very small portions.  But it was a very cool place and the food was pretty damn good.  I would go back.
I'm usually pretty picky about my Chinese food, but I love Buddakan!!!  It's slightly overpriced for Chinese-fusion food, but it's totally worth it.  The crowd is trendy, the venue is chic, and the food is good.Dishes that I love and always get:  Edamame Dumplings, Taro Puffs, Scallion Pancakes.... and the Sausage Fried Rice with the egg on top!  The main dishes are good too, but I always end up ordering more hot/cold appetizers than main dishes (the cod's good btw).  You also get more variety that way.When making reservations, I like to request the main dining room where you dine under three big chandeliers - to me, it feels like you're dining in a mini version of the Harry Potter's dining hall!  Otherwise, there's always the "red" room in the back and tables in the halls surrounding the main dining room.  The bar area when you first get in can get really crowded during peak dining hours.  As you're waiting for your table, if you don't want to be stuck with the crowds, you can always grab drinks in the Library Room downstairs - that room tends to be less crowded and the headphone-connected hostesses will know to find you down there!
A gorgeous restaurant with awesome decor and pretty hit-or-miss food, Buddakan is a must-see.  Definitely go to check out the space, the ambiance is hard to beat and I doubt you'll find another restaurant like it!  But maybe just grab a drink and some apps here before a night out, there are better places in the city to get a top-notch, full-fledged dinner.  We started with four appetizers--the calamari salad, the pork dim sum lollipops, the rock shrimp and the tuna tartare spring rolls.  The calamari was in the salad was meh, nothing you couldn't get from your around the corner Italian takeout place for half the price. I liked the pork lollipops because they were cutely presented and had an interesting texture.  The spring rolls were awesome, but they could have upped the portion size.   BUT THE ROCK SHRIMP WAS A HOMERUN--great portion size and delicious flavor!The entrees were good but not amazing.  I got the softshell crab, which was tasty but my mom makes it better (I don't know why restaurants insist on frying it, it is so much better sauteed!) My friend got the crab and lobster chow fun, and he liked it.  And the desserts were excellent in both flavor and presentation...try the peanutbutter bomb or the crying chocolate. Have I had better food in the city? Definitely.  But was it in an atmosphere as cool as Buddakan's?  Never.
If you want to be seated near drunken classless loud mouths this might be the restaurant for you. The amplitude in this so called restaurant undermines any conversation you have including hearing what the waitress is attemping to say. The design of dining areas which includes a a narrow dimly lighted corridor and other dimly lighted cheap looking close seating areas is uncomfortable and anything but private, tasteful, or relaxing. Who cares how good the food might be when your only real impulse is to leave! Overall user rating: Average
very romantic interior with creative food presentation and the best peking duck in the city!
Awesome service and great atmosphere!! Our waitress was so friendly and was so patient with us. Though I detected a slight urgency, my party and I had a good time overall. It's family style- from what the waitress said. We also were advised to order everything at once.  So the five of us, picked several side dishes, rice, lomein, spinach, etc., appetizers and entrees. The sides weren't small. It was a good portion for the five of us. We started off with drinks. Jealousy and Tranquility is quite good. Stick with Tranquility if you don't want something overly sweet. Charm was alright, it was basically a prosecco garnished with a few berries. Not worth it. We then had tuna spring rolls. They only come with three- but were amazing! Raw tuna tartar (spicy tuna) wrapped in crispy thin wafer like spring rolls, they were a great start and complimented the drinks. Scallion Pancakes were't worth it. They were cold by the time it got to our table. I couldn't even tell it was scallion pancake. Our sides came out rather quickly. We had the seafood fried rice (house special) and shrimp lobster chow fun, wok roasted water spinach, minced pork lo mein ( pickled cucumbers gave the dish an extra zing! very flavorful and not greasy). We were full by sharing all the rice and lomein dishes on top of appetizers! It wasn't greasy but I feel like you could've easily went to a chinatown restaurant and gotten the same food for a fraction of the price. The entrees were a different story. We had the charred filet of beef, medium rare, drizzled with the soy butter sauce. AMAZINGGGGG. We had to fight each other for the last piece. It was so tender and well worth it!!! The wonton potatoes- what the hell was that.. it's just basic potato chips! Sweet and Crispy Jumbo shrimp was delicious!! We also shared the lobster, rather small, I don't recommend it as a "family style" dish. It came with white asparagus and bok choy that were marinated in a delicate sweet and tangy sauce. The lobster was alright.. I think you could get something so much better. Desserts were the crying chocolate and the Chocolate Mille Feuille. I liked the spiced chocolate sorbet that was accompanied with the avocado sauce in the Mille Feuille. Avocados and chocolate?? Who knew? I love them both, and what a great pairing. I wonder when other restaurants will start incorporating this into their menus. The banana brulee w. dark choc. shavings weren't that good in my opinion. I'm not a fan of bananas and chocolate but like I said, the avocado sauce was out of this world!! The crying chocolate was like any other molten chocolate cake, cute decor- but TINY. Well.. there you go. My feast at Buddakan. Excuse me while I run to the bathroom and puke myself silly.. Overall good night, good drinks. Nice crowd. Some dishes were rather ordinary, but the steak made my tummy happy~!
great ambiance and food, average drinks. we had the dim sums, fried rice and a couple of vegetable and chicken entrees. the dim sums and fried rice were great; i'd go back just for those. the entrees were good, but not spectacular. they could definitely do a better job on their drinks though. all of the drinks felt a little watered down and were way too sweet. all in all, a good experience, but nothing spectacular by NYC-standards.
Profound flavors, but small portions. The communal area for drinks and dining was very lively.
This is a great expense account place.  It's amazing to come out of the dark, loungy bar and walk down the stairs - the view is amazing.  The large communal table looks like the large dinner table of some European castle.  Very cool.  And for someplace that is this trendy the food is actually pretty good.  Everything I tried (and I tried A LOT) was good.  Enjoyed the General Tso's dumplings, the Rock Shimp, Calamari Salad, Corn and Shrimp Fritters and Lobster Egg Rolls.  For main course tried the NY Strip steak, the steamed sea bass, roasted lobster and fried rice.  Were the portions a little on the small side?  Yes.  Was the food on the expensive side for what it was?  Yes.  But the service was good and we didn't feel rushed.  Will definitely be back the next time dinner's on someone else :-)
From my martini, to the appetizers, to the the main course, and the dessert (in particular the bread pudding), everything we ordered was 5 stars. Top notch ambience, service and food, our waitress treated our small party of 3 on a monday evening with the utmost care and attention to detail.  Do not miss out, great place for impressing a date, a rare gem.
I went here for my first time, on Wednesday night, while I was in NY for work. This place is Huge! The food was very good....we ordered 4 appetizers, 4 entrees to share (for 4 of us - it was plenty / too much food) I loved the Filet of Beef, the Steamed Sea Bass Rolls, the Edamame Dumplings (you have to try them, I've never had anything like it), the Crying Chocolate for dessert = heaven. I would definitely venture back here. So good!
Buddakan was chosen as the location for a fancy dinner with my cousins. It looked pretty nice with its Asian decor. The food is all in a single serving size. They suggest getting one appetizer and entre per person. For 6 people our bill came to $500 (with alcohol). We had the house cocktail. it was tasty. Could have used some more alcohol. This place is good for groups and has coat check. I know this is a subpar review but there was not much else memorable about it.
totally loved this restaurant.  when i visit ny again, this will be on my must list.  while waiting for our table we waiting in the bar area.  i even discovered a cocktail that was tasty and refreshing is called the saketini, it has cucumber vodka and sake.  it was delicious.  everything we ordered was amazing.  the flavors were very vibrant and kept me wanting more.  if my stomach and my pockets could endure it, i could've eaten forever.
It's about 3 blocks from the 2/3 train, not a bad location. The prices are above average, but worth it if you're having a special event. Go for the Mongolian ribs. I'm bringing my sister here when she comes from California to prove that there's actually room in NYC.
Surprise that the food is beyond my expectation in addition to its authentic Chinese dish flavor with amazing twist of unexpected ingredients! Will return for it's decor and food!!
Went here with my parents on a Sunday night after fretting a bit that the place might be too "hip," but the experience was excellent all around. Extremely friendly/helpful waitstaff, surprisingly good wine, trendy but not over-the-top decor and food that's downright transplendent; the lamb was perfectly cooked, the edamame dumplings were way beyond what I'd expected, and the (new-to-the-menu) chocolate pudding was so good I wanted to rent it a hotel room.
Really touristy place BUT the food was amazing.
Given that most places with this kind of scene would probably mail it in on the food - Buddakan is a pleasant surprise.  I can walk in and get a bar table in no time and the food has always been very tasty.  If you have a friend visiting and they want a "NY" place - this is a great spot and won't disappoint.
This is another one of the experience restaurants that has opened recently in Manhattan.  When you first walk in you feel as though you are checking in to a hotel rather than a restaurant.  The bar area has a cool lounge like feel and unless you look through the open walls you do not get the feel of the dining room.  Once you are taken down the stairs to the massive dining room you are greeted by the enormity of the room and the amazing design.  It would be difficult for the food to live up to the design of the restaurant, but it does and even surpasses it.  We had the Edamame dumplings which should be required eating for anyone entering the restaurant.  We also had rock shrimp and the frogs leg appetizers.  All three apps were very good.  For entrees we had the black cod which was basically the Nobu Miso cod Buddakan's version was as good if not better than Nobu's.  We also had a crab fried rice which was unreal.  Desserts were also a work of art the ganache was amazing and the one with the bruleed banana was also great.The staff was very attentive and very helpful.
My daughter and I had dinner last week and it was truly a wonderful experience. She was visiting from Seattle, and I wanted to take her somewhere that was new to us both.    This is a beautiful venue and the food was exceptional!  Our server Ben was delightful and extremely attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and cocktails.  If you like frog's legs it was the best we've ever had and we've travelled throughout Europe.  The SakiTini was refreshing. As for dessert, well suffice to say it too was outstanding.  It wasn't so loud that we couldn't talk.   I can't wait to take my husband, it's very romantic.  We love New York restaurants but Buddakan is now our "new spot".
Most of the stars go to the decor of the actual restaurant!! It was a massive space decorated beautifully...This place is incredibly loud and upbeat.... not very Buddhist/serene like ahahha but that was NOT a problem!As for the food, the most delicious and memorable were the Sea Bass Rolls from the appetizers. The Chili Rock shrimp were also very YUMMMM....The edamame dumplings were a little bit gross because the inside of the dumplings were pureed edamame. It tasted fine but i guess it just wasn't the consistency that i was expecting! We also got the Tuna Tartare which was delicious and fresh. For entrees we got (this place serves everything family style so everyone can share) lobster, glazed alaskan cod, short ribs, and ma po tofu. All (except the ma po tofu which was kinda sour instead of spicy) were good. I liked the fish the best because it was cooked perfectly... it wasn't dry at all! It was moist and flavorful!For dessert we got the coconut souffle cake (so light and drool-worthy), the white chocolate rice pudding (baked! with a chocolate crust!), and a complimentary (we had this like really randomly cute waiter who started serving us halfway through our meal??) "crying chocolate cake" (so rich.... and so delish!)....Overall, this was like basically a high-qual chinese restaurant but like really hip and trendy... it was definitely a really fun night!
I went to Buddakan on a recent trip to NYC and thought it was amazing.  The decor is absolutely beautiful and the space is huge.  The bar was very busy and the restaurant was packed.  The food was great and there was a great selection of wine and really interesting cocktails.  The service was good too; everyone was really nice and helpful.
loved the endamame dumplings-but i do not plan on hitting this place again. it's definitely got the "ethnic asian black, red and everything else that seems asian-esque" there. the crowd wasn't too my taste, the portions too small, the drinks were just okay  the beautiful people the others saw were not around when i got there. maybe i was too early-or, perhaps, i didn't have my good alckie glasses on. i know it's manhattan, so food prices can seem even more subjective, but for what it was, it just wasn't fine dining enough to account for the prices that i was charged. either way, it was just alright.our server, christian though was awesome. she totally rocked it.so a star for christian and a star for the awesome endamame dumplings...
Thank goodness someone else was paying.  We had a table of 8, and the host of the night told the waitress to bring 'whatever she thought was best'.  OMG.  We had a TON  - literally - of foodlHighlights of the night...  Loved the sausage fried rice, though I avoided the sunny side up egg on top.  Just seemed to be there for no good reason.  I loved the spicy tuna spring rolls - sushi-style spicy tuna wrapped in a crispy shell.  The taro lollipops were fluffy and delish.  The red snapper was one of the better fishes i've had recently, for what that's worth. Now, I've been to the original outpost in Philly, and I have to say I miss that menu.  No seared ahi, wasabi mashed potatoes or lobster fried rice, but still very very good.  If you're ever in Philly try to hit the original!As for the service - the waitress was good, but I think they could have coursed out the food a little better.  We were uncomfortable cramped at a corner table with 8 people around it; so much so that the Peking duck wrappers ended up on the bench next to my friends.  It just all came out at once.  Also, there was at least one request that wasn't fulfilled, and drinks took forever to come down from the bar in the upstairs lounge.I dont think it would have been half as good without a large group though...too many choices! :)
My good experience began when we called to make an extremely last minute reservation on a Friday night. They were very friendly and accommodating and we had no problem getting a table at 9:30. Our host was not only VERY attractive, but he was very friendly as well. Our waitor was extremely pleasant and knowledgable of the menu. We didn't have to wait long at all for our food and everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced for food and a restaurant of that caliber. The space is absolutely breathtaking, especially the huge chandeliers above the communal table downstairs. The music and the crowd only add to the beautiful and lively ambiance. I can't wait to go back, even if only for cocktails downstairs.
Buddakan is enormous and the chandelier-adorned space is strikingly gorgeous.  Our server was attentive without being overbearing and gave thoughtful answers to our questions about the menu.  The tuna tartare spring roll and edamame dumplings were amazing and coconut foam transformed the vegetable fried rice from what would otherwise be an unremarkable dish into a culinary standout.  I'm undecided as to whether Buddakan trumps Tao, my longstanding Pan-Asian favorite, but it is certainly in the running.
4 stars if you just go with the appetizers.  nice tuna tartar and scallion pancakes among other desserts I forget about since we were a party of 12.   The entrees were served cold for half of us.  Especially anyone ordering meat.  I mean you would think a place like this would know how to entertain large groups, right?  I think I enjoyed the AC location better and their mushroom dumplings which was missing here.
I made reservations for dinner on a Saturday last month, and they could only seat a party of 5 at 5:45pm or 10:05pm by the time I called (it was Friday, so I wasn't that surprised). So we decided to go for 5:45pm. First, we got lost because Buddakan shares an address with the Chelsea Market something or other. When we finally walked up to the doorway, we were greeted by a few people dressed all in black. They seemed to be blocking the door, so we nervously asked for permission to enter...As usual, at least two members of our party were extremely late, so three of us sat in the front room perusing the cocktail and appetizer menu. None of us had come here before, so we were a bit apprehensive of the prices (all three of us are Chinese-American, and it's always painful to pay exorbitant amounts of money for "Asian fusion" cuisine). Luckily, the overstaffed front desk people (seriously, do they need 8 girls behind the counter??) let us keep our reservations despite our late guests.The architecture is quite nice, and the ambiance is also very mellow (read: it's pretty dark). The hostess warned all the women that many others have stumbled down the somewhat hazardous steps leading down to the dining area, which resembled a grand banquet hall. She requested that we all hold on to the banister as we headed down to our table.Once seated, we were pretty puzzled as to why we couldn't make reservations for 7pm like we had wanted to. It wasn't as packed as we expected it to be. By the time we left it was almost 9pm, and business had picked up a little bit, but I'm pretty sure we would have been able to make a 7pm reservation without any problem.Our waitress seemed nice at first, although we were pretty disappointed with her in the end. She explained to us what family style dining was (as if the 4/5 Chinese-Americans at the table didn't know what it meant). Because we were all college/graduate students, we were fine with ordering the noodle and rice side dishes and forgoing the expensive "entree" dishes. Once we had made the order, the waitress had the audacity to tell us that we probably wouldn't have enough food if we didn't order entrees. She told us that she would come back once we decided on some entrees (basically, she was telling us that we weren't spending enough money on our dinner).So, we ordered the tea smoked chicken and the sweet  crispy jumbo shrimp entrees, along with a rice or noodle dish for each person (crab fried rice, vegetable fried rice, Chinese sausage fried rice, roast pork lo mein, mao poe tofu). When our dishes arrived we almost started laughing. The rice and noodle dishes are definitely enough food for one person. The entree dishes had the teeniest portions. The shrimp entree had 5 shrimps, just enough for each person in our party to have one. The food was decent, but not great, and we were truly unhappy that our waitress had bamboozled us into paying an extra $50 for two teeny portions of food. The Mabo Tofu (however they spell it) is not as amazing as we heard it was (I thought it was pretty bland). The veggie fried rice was okay, not great, and I thought the coconut curry foam was weird. Needless to say, the waitress did not get a good tip. As for the five "side dishes" we ordered, we were unable to finish the large amount of food and ended up doggy-bagging the rest of it. So much for not having enough food...Basically, I was disappointed with the flavors of the food. I have had better dishes from hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurants. It's not worth the money unless you're there for the pretentiousness of a trendy spot. Perhaps I'll find a good Asian Fusion restaurant one day...The bathrooms are pretty neat, though, if you can figure out which side is which.The final verdict? Overrated, but if you've got money to burn, come here to mingle with the "trendy" crowd.
Have you ever had a dream of making a big entrance at an event where the soundtrack perfectly complements your walk as you make your descent down a grand staircase? For me, this dream usually ends in a nightmare with me falling or slipping down the stairs. Don't worry friends, I DIDN'T FALL! But someone else did while I was eating dinner in the main room. Insert schadenfreudian relief here. I didn't even think about this scenario until I saw an unfortunate female slip down some stairs while more than a dozen heads whipped around to look. Decor = DANGEROUS! But pretty impressive. I really liked the modern, Asian aesthetic. Food = Overall pretty good. Most of the dishes we ordered were good with a few exceptional ones. --- Edamame dumplings - This pureed goodness was amazing. I swore there was truffle oil in there, but it wasn't listed in the menu. The texture was perfect and the flavor was well balanced and like nothing else I've ever had. --- Deviled tuna tartare - This combines 2 of my favorite foods - raw tuna and deviled eggs. Mix in some srircha mayo - DAMN! --- Sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp - Flavorful and fried. I could eat bowls of this. --- Boneless spare ribs - The meat was tender and reminded me of Korean BBQ. Loved this. Things that I would skip--- Taro Puff Lollipop - Blech. Too salty and the texture wasn't quite right. Don't get me wrong, I love my fried foods, but this wasn't too good. --- Kimchee cauliflower - Pass--- Crab fried rice - PassService - Excellent! I loved our server who was knowledgeable and attentive.
I had my birthday dinner there last weekend - the bar/lounge area was cool but I was disappointed with the food.  It was sort of this glorified Chinese take out style...  it was definitely enjoyable but not all the hype it received... not sure about the crowd though, it was friday night and seemed bit touristy.
This past weekend I went with my GF to Buddakan. The place is a great spot to start your night in the Chelsea area. From the outside the place looks quite simple, but once inside I realized the scope of the place. We waited in a bar area for 5 mins until our table was ready. The strength of this place is the cool factor and thankfully the food. Tuna spring rolls, and dumplings in a sweet corn sauce were awesome. I recommend sharing the dishes, as the portions are moderate to small in size. For more old world Chinese/Asian try Wo Hop in Chinatown.
Super trendy. Super sexy...both the overall ambiance and its patrons.This is a place to see and be seen! Annnnd get a good meal in transit.
LOVED this place! So I've been wanting to come here for prob about 1.5 years, but b/c it's a little pricey, it's hard to talk friends who are on a budget to try it. My family came in for the weekend, and we finally got to go. Much to my liking, everything was AMAZING!!! We got there a few minutes early for our reservation (which we made a month ahead of time to garuntee our time slot/day we wanted during the holiday) So we were seated in the lounge. My sister and I started off w/ the Charm cocktail and it was so good, I had to have another after we were seated (only about 10 minutes after our reservation time to my surprise... usually these places are running way behind schedule)We ordered the scallion pancaked for an appetizer. They were small, but packed a lot of flavor.For dinner, I ordered the shrimp and lobster chow fun. The BEST noodles I've ever had, hands down. They were the perfect amount of spicy too. Not a lot of shrimp or lobster, but it was so filling, I could only eat 1/2. My family also ordered the sizzling short rib and black pepper beef. Both very good. For dessert, we ordered the crying chocolate which was warm and gooey after biting in.The service was all very good too. Everyone was so nice and giving... which I also wouldn't expect in a trendy restaraunt like this.If you have friends or family visiting, I def recommend taking them here. It also doesn't hurt if they are Sex and the City fans, b/c as all of you know, this is where Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner was....
Beautiful decor, excellent service and amazing food!You MUST try the charred filet of beef -- served sliced with a mustard sauce that is to die for! The firecracker shrimp dish is delicious too... Everything we ordered was fantastic -- I highly recommend!
A favorite go-to when in NYC, the food here is always delicious and the ambiance fabulous. Was at a business dinner with 8 people recently and we ordered the sharing menu (probably ordered the most vast option because about 15 different foods showed up. WOW!) Unfortunatley, I was recovering from stomach flu and really unable to eat anything, but I asked my waiter for a recommendation on the best optoin given my tummy-issues -- he suggested the carrot pot stickers and the vegetable stir fried rice. Honestly, these were just perfect and so delicious/light. And while deeply saddened to not be able to eat anything else on the table, the waiter made my night by suggesting two options that were just perfect for my needs. He couldn't have been more accomodating and helpful. Great service, Great menu. Great fun. Looking forward to another trip here soon to actually be able to eat the delicious foods on the menu!
Great spot to take out-of-town friends for a Manhattan/trendy dining experience without giving up on food quality.  My recommendation for a cost-effective group meal is to go family-style and focus ordering on the dim sum section to share, and then order a couple of entrees at the end.  My favorite dim sums are the edamame dumplings, general tso chicken dumplings, steamed seabass wrapped with bok choy, the pork belly buns, and the taro lollipops.  Favorite entree is the charred fillet-- it has a delicious and buttery garlic sauce.  Also worth getting the wild mushroom chow fun and the crab fried rice for the table.
food is sooo delicious. try the veal cheeks.service was great.and the decor  atmosphere are amazing.
Very beautiful inside!  My favorites were the edamame dumplings and the tea-smoked chicken!!  Yummmmmm!  I loved the Charm prosecco cocktail as well.  Portions are somewhat smaller than I was expecting for family style, but we all were full after our meal!  Definitely check it out!
After thinking long about where to eat the call was for Buddakan by my New York friends/co-workers. We ventured from Times Square to the meat packing district. I was impressed with the choice. Is describing it as "Asian tapas" a faux pas? It wasn't really dim sum served on a cart by chinese women who speak little English. Plus it was too refined and tasty with well integrated flavors to be dim sum. So lets call it "Tapas-style Asian fusion cuisine". Well was it really fusion? I though the options were overwhelmingly Chinese in nature - cha su bao-esque beef filled buns, pot stickers (er gyoza, okay that's japanese! haha), hoisin glazed pork belly served on steamed buns, beef/shrimp "cantonese" spring rolls, boneless spareribs, sizzling short ribs, clay pot chicken...oh man am I forgetting anything? $750 later (oh yeah there were 9 of us) I felt like "damn everything was good." The shortribs with chow fun was awesome, the noodles clearly homemade.Far be it for me to complain about the price of food when I don't have to pick up the tab.The space is pretty cool, a tiny bit pretentious with people dressed like they are grabbing a bit of food prior to hitting da club but architecturally it really worked - you enter from the street and check your coat and meet the hostess. Then you walk upstairs to the bar area which has large square tables with bench seats. There was also the traditional bar tables/stools set up. Then seating wise there was the upstairs and the downstairs with their own unique decor yet still familiar. The service was good, I left full and I'd probably go back...but oh yeah I haven't been to New York in 10 years and I think I have many other places to visit first!
Visited here this past weekend and LOVED IT!! The ambiance is amazing... as soon as you walk in you've stepped into a different world! Very clean, stylish and the decor is great. I had to wait for my party so I went to sit at the bar and had a few cocktails - fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!! Loved the drinks! The restaurant itself is huge!! So many little nooks - there were tables for large parties, and tables for just couples, great! The food was just out of this world - the portion sizes were good for the price, and really filling and very different!!  I really enjoyed the Duck as it was my first time trying it and the pork fried rice were delicious. Desert was even better.. I had some type of coconut cake which was scrumptious! The only thing I didn't like about this place was that it was so dark!! The bathrooms were pitch black and I hated that - I almost stumbled a few times whilst walking around - I wish they'd turn on a few more lights! Other than that - great place, can't wait to visit again!
totally ridiculous!this is not a truly fair review, since we were treated to a corporate American Express card that could buy us all of our wildest culinary desires... so! what can i say about the food? honestly, i'd never pay for "upscale Chinese", or i wouldn't have, before last night.we started off with a zillion appetizers and dim sum, including Chili Rock Shrimp (an instant favorite, tasted like a riff on general tso's shrimp), Edamame Dumplings in a Shark Fin Broth (insanely delicious, done up soup-dumpling style with a creamy texture), Taro Puff Lollipops (another favorite, like hush puppies from heaven), Scallion Pancakes with braised short ribs and green apples, Steamed Char Sui buns (delicious.. but it was no Momofuku), Tuna Spring Rolls, and General Tso's Soup Dumplings (just like it sounds!).  not a thing was disappointing, and we were all delirious with gustatory delight.we washed the first course down with some of their creative cocktails (not being much a cocktail drinker myself, i stuck with the tamer "Tranquility", which was lemongrass-infused oolong tea and citrus vodka.. basically tasted like a reeeaaallly mild vodka tonic) and happily buzzed about in anticipation of the entrees...we were treated to Glazed Alaskan Black Cod (which was achingly good, so creamy and buttery and wonderful), Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun (came in a big bowl which we all happily assaulted with our chopsticks), Charred Filet with crispy wonton potatoes (aka chips), a very impressive House Fried Rice, a salad of crisp Snow Peas tossed with soy sauce and roe, and topped it off with a nice order of Peking Duck (not as appreciated as the dishes that preceded it, but perhaps that was because our bellies were maxing out).more drinks, more excited talk about how delicious everything has been, and then we attacked the dessert menu.  the Crying Chocolate was the guaranteed crowd pleaser, with a warm chocolate ganauche and coffee ice cream, the Frozen White Chocolate Parfait was my personal favorite, if only for the unusually tasty candied kumquats and burnt orange ice cream (a couple in our group hated it... but they CLEARLY haven't trained their palate), the Coconut Souffle Cake with pineapple sorbet (i thought the sorbet was better than the souffle), and the Chocolate Mille Feuille, an incredible stacked pastry of dark chocolate, bruleed bananas, a reeeeediculous avocade anglaise, and spice chocolate ice cream.all told, we had a wonderful meal.  i question how fun it would have been if our ordering had been dictated by the fact that we were paying $12 per dim sum plate and $30 per entree... for Chinese food.  if i were to return without the corporate friends, i'd definitely just load up on the appetizers and maybe share an entree. but if you can write it off as a business expense ... do it!
Nice spot! Wish I didn't eat so much earlier. But this place is nothing I've been to in SF. So SF better step it up! I was REALLY impressed with the decor. And the food that I DID have was outstanding. Especially the desserts. I will be back!!
Traveled to NYC to watch K-State play in the Pinstripe Bowl and went to Buddakan on recommendation of some friendly locals we met at the game.  We had an excellent experience.  Service was over the top and food was excellent.  We ordered four each of the appetizers, entrees and desserts and shared them.  All were great.  Lobster Dim Sum, Black Cod and Crying Chocolate were favorites.  All dishes were prepared perfectly and flavors outstanding.
The interior is beautiful and the waitstaff is cordial but the food is underwhelming. Maybe I was expecting too much or maybe it was the rainy weather but the food was just good and not as amazing as I had hoped. We got the chili rock shrimp because of all of the rave reviews but it is honestly just deep fried shrimp pieces (more breading than shrimp) and lots of mayo. The edamame dumplings  tasted more like some sort of cheese dumpling. It was good but just as good as any cheese ravioli can be and nothing amazing. I would recommend the Alaskan cod  which was perfectly cooked and came with a really good and unique black bean relish. The Black Bean Silken Tofu with kabocha squash, shiitake mushroom, and shishito pepper was good but a bit salty. We also got the Sugar Snap Peas with wild mushrooms and soy tapioca which was also good but overly sauced. Overall, I feel like they use very fresh ingredients but the seasoning and/flavors are lacking. The tofu cheesecake for dessert was really light and delicious. It came slightly deconstructed with an extra graham cracker crust mashed on the side. This place does okay for Asian fusion but I feel like you can go to better places in NYC for good Asian food.
Went here for my birthday dinner. We started out with the edamame dumplings, Peking duck spring rolls and spare rib pancakes. The dumplings and spring rolls were delicious. The pancakes were fine but I might have preferred them without the spare ribs. For our entrees we each had the fillet which was cooked near to perfection, (I especially loved the ginger sauce they served it with.) To top things off, I enjoyed a complimentary chocolate lava cake, while my friends order a sorbet and some sort of dish with banana and garnish. Everything about the meal was wonderful. After a couple glasses of wine, we got ready to head out for the night. Would definitely recommend for a return visit, as both service and food were quite impressive.
HUGE! HUGE HUGE. Much like my voracious appetite for a delicious morsel, this place is ginormous. The food is delicious, I am somewhat broke.
I love Buddakan!  It was also recommended by a friend prior to our arrival in Manhattan. We arrived at 5:30 at Buddakan and we were seated immediately. The pace of service throughout the meal put us at perfect timing to make the Performance of "Wicked" that evening on Broadway.  Buddakan's ambiance is comfortable, softly lit with quite elegance. The service was INCREDIBLE!  We turned our menu selections over to the waiter's recommendation and he did not disappoint. Every bite was amazing.  Also, try a drink (or 2) called "Fate" when you are there...yum!  The only issue...it's a bit hard to find.  Dark building, on the dark corner with etched black signage on the black granite wall.  The cab driver was not familiar with...so be prepared to do some squinting and asking at the corner of 9th Ave and 16th (as I recall)...it's well worth the extra effort!  I would highly recommend reservations at least a month in advance...YUM!
Incredible design, space, and arrangement. I came here for a work related event and sampled a large selection of their food and drinks - it's all top notch. Great achievement.
My friend and I held our birthday dinner here, followed by dancing at Tenjune.  The food was delicious (hello edamame dumplings), the atmosphere was beautiful, and the staff was very knowledgeable/efficient.  The entire staff was very friendly and helpful, never pretentious. This restaurant was a great place for a large group, but be aware that parties of 15 or more are given options for set menus that start from $75 per person, not including drinks, tax, or tip.
Buddakan is a great place to get together to have that NYC experience.  The decor is trendy, the music is good, and the scene is really happening.You can make reservations or you can drop in and try to get a table at the lounge area.  The restaurant was huge so it wasn't at all hard to get a table in the lounge area.Drinks were pretty expensive Manhattan style, but they were really good, especially the Fate - pineapple, elderflower, prosecco.We shared 4 different dishes - pork belly with pork buns, taro lollipops, deviled tuna tartare, and the scallion pancakes with shredded pork on top.I wasn't expecting much from chinese food at Buddakan, but I have to admit I was pretty surprised when it was delicious, chinese, and with a modern twist.I didn't like the tuna tartare - I thought the flavor of the tuna on top of the avocado didn't have much flavor and then when you picked up some of the spicy mayo sauce it overpowered the dish too quickly.  Shredded Pork on top of the scallion pancake - I thought to myself, what can they do to make a $2 dollar scallion pancake any better than chinatown?  Well, add a well marinated,melt in your mouth shredded pork on top, that's what!  I had two pieces because it was so delicious and there were only 4 pieces and 3 girls...Pork Belly with Pork Bun - The pork belly was amazing.  It was buttery and soft and melted in my mouth.  Coupled with the pork bun, it was a delicious, fatty, little delight.Taro Lollipops - Not as good as some dim sum places in chinatown, but I have to give it a 5 for presentation.  I think the minced meat could have had more flavor, and there def should have been more taro for contract.Drinks -Cosmo - I have had better.  I have made better.  I had to ask the second round to be stronger because I couldn't taste any alcohol.  Normally I wouldn't mind, but since I was paying 15 dollars for that cosmo, I wanted to make sure I got at least half a cup of grey goose.Fate - Elderflower, Prosecco, and Pineapple.  I think this drink speaks for itself.  How could it not be good?  Pineapple and Sparkly?  Yes and Yes.I will definitely come back next time I have some out of town visitors to impress.  I'll probably call early to try to get a table to see if that makes the experience any better.I kind of like sitting in the lounge, you get a really nice bar experience coupled with some good food.
An absolutely wonderful experience.  The restaurant is beautiful, the staff friendly and attentive.  We were a group of three, and ordered 3 appetizers, two entrees and a rice dish.  It was definitely enough food for us.  For appetizers, we had the tuna tartare spring roll (3 rolls were served, one for each of us) hoisin glazed pork belly, and the edamame dumplings.  Fabulous!  For main courses, we ordered the sizzling short rib, the char siu roast pork, and the lobster fried rice.  Also fabulous.We  had room to enjoy the warm chocolate ganache and the sorbets, plus tea. Service was impeccable, staff consistently checking at the table to be sure that every need was met.  We couldn't have enjoyed ourselves more.
This just may be my favorite non-frequentable restaurant. Ever. I swear there is magic in the air, because the boyfriend I occasionally refer to as Silent Bob turned into a regular Chatty Cathy.  He also enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered, and he is not a fan of seafood or anything remotely odd.The outside of this place is plain and looks small.  You walk into what looks like a hotel lobby, check in your coat, and are directed to the bar area.  I easily got a seat at the bar and ordered a Fever for me (Jalapeno pomegranate with mescal) and a bourbon-based cocktail, the name of which escapes me, for my boyfriend.  The Fever was interesting, but not palatable enough to have more than one.  My boyfriend didn't finish his drink because it was basically pure bourbon.We did wait at least a half hour to be seated, but I didn't mind, as I was enjoying the atmosphere.  I ordered a Charm cocktail, which was a nice champagne cocktail, not amazing but good.We were seated in the upstairs area in one of the smaller rooms.  It was pretty noisy, and busy for a Sunday night.  Now, the food. I ordered:Edamame Dumplings. Debated getting them, due to mixed reviews. Glad I tried them, because they were good, but wouldn't order them again, because they weren't that good.  The edamame filling was reminiscent of mashed potato, and was a little mushy.Scallion Pancakes. Yeah, a bit salty, but really good anyway. Lobster Fried Rice. Yum! I would've liked more lobster/scallops, but it was tasty and filling.Sweet  Sour Pork.  The sauce was more of a vinegar sweet sauce than the thick, sticky sweet and sour I really don't like on chinese food.  It was crispy and delicious.I finished the night with the Lush cocktail and fell in love.  The lychee-rosemary concoction is refreshing and a little too easy to drink.This is definitely an experience type of restaurant, but it's great for sharing, great for atmosphere, and great for getting away from the norm of steakhouses if you want a nicer place to eat.
My sister and I came in here about 3 weeks ago while up in NY for work and I would have to say that for A Sunday night this place was ridiculously busy!! We made a reservation that early evening and headed over there we were asked to wait a few minutes so we moved over to the bar and tried some of they're specialty cocktails!! We had a Fate and Tranquility both were excellent mine was the Fate and I LOVED it!! So we were lead down a huge staircase where they have a huge table in the middle of the room, walked passed that seeing it was only 2 of us! We were brought into another area and sat at a nice cozy table. Our server was very nice he really helped us make our final decisions because if we had our way we would of ordered pretty much everything!!We just put everything in and it all came out as it was ready. We had all of the below and I would say that overall everything was really great!~Edamame  Dumplings- LOVED! They were so creamy and delicious! ~Pork Belly Steamed Buns- So Cute and delicious comes with 5 mini buns over cabbage!! ~Crispy Calamari Salad- Very good came with a nice Miso Vinaigrette~Mongolian Lamb Chops- They were served wit a Crystallized Ginger Crust it came with 4 chops and they were delicious!! ~Alaskan Black Cod- Probably my least favorite but still good just not a must get again...~Cauliflower- was good again not WOW but goodMy only thing that kinda bothered me was our server was great all through out our meal and then at the end while we were drinking our Tea he kept coming over and clearing things off the table one by one. Where at the end it was literally just my tea cup sitting there because i was still drinking it and I guess he assumed it wouldn't have been nice to take that away too! My sister and I were confused because it wasn't like we were there long (45mins and finished with our dinner) or that they needed the table because they had others open all around us...just strange that's all!
Sexy and impressive interior.  Get transported in this Asian inspired restaurant that has many different dining areas.  Dine family style and really delve into the entire experience.  Waits are expected for up to half an hour to get your table.  Weekends expect more.  This is where they increase your bar tab as you wait...
Buddakan is definitely a "scene" of a dining experience.  The restaurant/lounge is a massive trendy mecca with dim lighting and lots of dark cherrywood.  The interior looks more like the dining room of a castle than a typical neighborhood destination.  The service is extremely helpful and attentive.  It makes a terrific special occasion restaurant.  The food is also extremely delicious.  When my friend and I decided to check out the space, we were overwhelmed by a menu loaded with delicious options.  We asked our waitress for some recommendations and specialties of the house.  We started with the Edamame Dumplings, which were loaded with fresh flavor and laying in a bath of shallot broth.  We also tried the Tuna Tartare Spring Roll appetizer with ponzu dip.  The rolls were good, but the crisp exterior wrap masked the flavor of the tuna within.  We then moved on to some extravagant entrees.  The Charred Filet of Beef was juicy and perfectly cooked.  The accompanying wonton crisps were an addicting snack that was hard to resist.   We also ordered a fish dish, but I do not recall what it was.  I definitely enjoyed it though.  I highly recommend the occasionally Buddakan splurge for a fun night out.
Great for sharing plates. Fun atmosphere. Honestly not my one of my favorite Asian restaurants in the city, which surprised me since there's so much hype around it. Note: will make you wait for your whole party to be seated, though the bar area is cool.
Place did not disappoint.   Took my daughter here for her 15th birthday.   Space is impressive,  food was yummy but it is big and busy,  so don't expect very personable service, not that the service was bad.  Ordered two apps,  a main dish,  a rice dish and a veggie plus 2 beers and a big bottle of Pellegrino. ...damage was $104 total.   I didn't think that was bad, we left stuffed.  Lobster rice had more lobster than I expected,  short rib was yummy...portions aren't big,  but we left satisfied.
Buddakan is one of those New York institutions that everyone wants to frequent at least once, if only for the chance to be able to casually throw it out in conversation "oh yeah Buddakan, of course I've been there!' with a practiced air of nonchalance, when one wants to show some sophistication and "in-the-know" flair. Its claim to fame is the fact that the engagement party of Carrie and Mr.Big was filmed here (if you are asking me who they are, I'd label you a caveman). The decor is unsurprisingly impressive with the massive long table in the center room and the beautiful chandeliers. There are tables in the outer chambers too but you really don't get the experience you are paying for. Let's face it, the food is beautifully presented like everything else in this place, but the taste is mediocre at best and completely overpriced. Add I the absolutely TERRIBLE service - our waitress was not only slow, she kept trying to make us order more food even though we ordered plenty, and kept pressing one of the girls to order a cocktail even after she made unclear she wouldnt be drinking. A winner for most tourists for sure. And one final tip - if your have friends visiting from out of town and they are staying in a decent hotel, get their hotel to call and make a reservation on your behalf, you are more likely to be seated in the main room to appreciate the decor and ambience that way!
Amazing! Loved it !!!!!!  The atmosphere is super cool. I loved coming down the stairs into the ballroom. and the food was delicious!  and so were the cocktails. Definitely pricey, but worth it for a special occasion.  Really edgy and nice!
The interior space is very cool, and the food was delicious - not quite 5 stars but pretty damn good.  The chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet and peanut sauce were my favorite.We got there right on time for our reservation and were seated pretty much immediately, but next time I will go a little early and lounge around the oh-so-cool cocktail bar like a real fancy pants.
Great place! Very chic. Very hip crowd. Food is pretty good. I was very impressed with the service. Make reservations in advance and wear something shiny ;)
Although Asian fusion is not on the top of my favorite cuisines, I wanted to check out Buddakan.  Impressed by the decor and what was done with the place itself however not my favorite type of dinning atmosphere.  The seats on our table were very comfortable, so much that it s the first thing that comes to my mind when I think of last night's experience.  The food and service were very good. Had several appetizers to share, all matched up my expectations.  The Cod and the lemon chicken for entrees is what I would recommend.
We went here for dinner during our anniversary trip to New York.  Reservations were easy to make on OpenTable.  The restaurant is on the corner of the street.  There is not a big or well lit sign so you have to look for it.  Once you enter, it's almost all black.  You walk to the hostess counter and they check you in.  The hostess invites you to go upstairs to the bar until the table is ready.  There was a lot of people at the bar so I was wondering how the hostess would know who we were, but they did.  Our table was upstairs peering down to the main floor.  It was still pretty dark.  There was a lot of hustle and bustle around us.  Our waitress told us that the plates are meant to be shared and encouraged us to order appetizer, entrees, rice dish, vegetable; basically she wanted us to order at least one thing from every category.  I really don't like it when waitstaff pressure you to order a lot of food.  Makes it seem more like a sales pitch rather than a recommendation.  Here is what we ordered:Dream cocktail = it is pretty sweet.Edamame Dumplings = All the reviews I read prior to making reservations here raved about these dumplings.  Boy, they were not wrong.  The dumplings had good flavor and tasted oh so light.  I wish there was more broth with the dumplings.Sizzling Short Rib = oh so tender.  The first few bites were wonderful.  After a while there was this salty bitter after taste.  Initially I loved it, but after a few bites I just liked it.Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp = This is their version of walnut shrimp.  I loved everything about this dish but the one thing it lacked was the sweetness.  It was not sweet at all.Chinese Sausage Fried Rice = I'm not a fan of chinese sausage in general so I really didn't have any comment about this.  My husband liked it but he did wish the rice was more fried.  Szechuan long beans = the beans were drenched in oil.  The spicy pork was a bit salty.Sichuan peanut semifreddo = this was probably the best thing we had all night.  The milk chocolate mousse was heaven.  I liked Buddakhan but I didn't love it.  I think this restaurant is super over rated.  It somewhat reminded me of a fancy PF Chang's.  With New York being a restaurant-eccentric city, I think there are probably better options for food with the same price tag.
A girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night at 11pm. The place was still buzzing with people, drinking, eating and conversing. The decor is beautiful, like a very modern Chinese mansion in a club like atmosphere with cut out walls, displays of stuffed birds and neon colors. We're seated and start looking over the menu. I order a cocktail, solid - with bourbon, ginger and orange. It was good. On appetizers we decided on the duck salad and tuna spring roll. The salad could have used a touch more salt on the greens, but the duck itself was great. The tuna tasted really fresh and the spring roll skin was crunchy, it was awesome. For Entrees we shared filet of beef, kung pao monkfish and wild mushroom chow fun. The beef came med, when I ordered it med rare, but it was still tender and juicy nonetheless. The chow fun tasted good, yet it was also cooked it little over, the noodles were clumping together. The monkfish was my favorite! It was sweet, tart and spicy and the fish was cooked perfectly. Presentation on everything was nice. The menu is so huge, I have to come back and try the rest.
Possibly the best Chines food I've had in NYC. Beautiful restaurant.
This place is completely worth every penny and I cannot wait to come back.I made last minute reservations for a friend and I to eat here on a Saturday night and they were ready for us almost as soon as we walked in. There is a place in the front where there's a bar and some seating if you have to wait to be seated, which is very open. A nice touch since I always hate being at an overcrowded bar in a nice place.We didn't get to sit down in the main area with the large table, but the ambiance of this place was not lost on that. I love places that are a feast for all the senses, not just taste and Buddakan does not fail to deliver.Our waiter was attentive, but not annoying and very extremely helpful especially with making sure I was alright with how the dishes were prepared (veggie here). He made sure to inform the chef of my dietary preferences so that I didn't consume anything I wasn't comfortable with. This is the sign of a place serious about making their guests happy.Not only did the food and our drinks come out in a timely staggered fashion, the whole experience had this flow to it that was very relaxed and natural. I know with places that are very popular you can feel rushed through the dining experience, but not here.All the dishes we had were very fresh and expertly prepared. I know a lot of people on yelp write about the Edamame Dumplings and they are for sure not to be missed! I'm pretty certain that my friend and I could of made an entire meal out of these yummy little pouches of goodness.The dishes we enjoyed were the Carrot Dumplings, Chilled Udon Noodles, Charred Asparagus, Spiced Tofu  Cashews and the Black Bean Silken Tofu. Ending our foodgasm with the Rock Sugar Doughnuts, which come with 3 different sauces for dipping. If I could marry a sauce it would be the spicy strawberry royal jelly. It's last taste on earth amazing and is a flavor I must have again before I die.All and all this dinner has made it into my top 3 on dining experiences in NYC and a place definitely worth saving up for.
It was cold outside, and Buddhakan was warm and inviting. I had dinner there yesterday and my friend and I agreed that the "Shrimp Toast" is a must try here. It was incredibly crispy and hot. They cook their food from the sea with so much freshness and yum!! For example, I had the black cod, and it was incredible, not dry at all, and paired with some sort of mushroom tower. I thought the table for 2 was a bit small for a place that serves dim sum and many choices of appetizers. We wanted to try them all!!  The mixed drinks were just ok, I tried their oolong tea vodka and my friend had the mixed prosecco.  The ambiance was breathtaking with chandeliers and modern zen, and the waiter was super.
this place is great. from the decor, to the service it never disappoints. the monk fish is divine. so delish. i love the scallion pancakes. i love all their signature drinks, and always try something new when i go. the setting is dark and intimate. service is on point. oh and try the pork bun!
I came here with two friends per recommendation of Nancy D. The restaurant was also very gracious in changing our reservations; my cousin and her fiancee were to join us but canceled at the last minute, in addition to my other friend, so the party went from 6 to 3!The entrance is a sleek black door on the corner, and walking in is beautiful. I loved the swanky and classy lounge decor and even spotted the GORGEOUS main dining room downstairs on the way to our table. Everything is lit very well and it feels like I'm on a very sexy date (except I'm here with two girlfriends, damn, if only the BF were here) I love how everything is colorful against a black matte finish. We were seated on the entry level in the back, through some uniquely shaped doorways and into a red-themed room. We got there a little early but the place quickly filled up with both tourists and chic locals. Our server was a little pushy in trying to get us to order everything on the menu, but we stuck with the Chili Rock Shrimp, General Tso's Dumplings, and the Steamed Sea Bass Roll, the latter of which was my favorite - so tender, so sweet, so yummy. The Chili Rock Shrimp also have a crispiness to them that is flavorful and unique. I also ordered the "Fate" cocktail and I loved how frothy it was - it was also pretty strong but complemented my meal very well. I am also a giant sucker for pineapple! My friend got the Charm but it was a little too fruity for me.For entrees we ordered the Szechuan Crusted NY Ribeye, the Sizzling Short Rib, and the Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun (my order).  Out of all of our orders, my favorite was the Sizzling Short Rib. That was so juicy and it almost melted in my mouth the way Kobe beef does. Don't get me wrong, I LOVED my Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun; the seafood was cooked very well, the noodles were tender and not soggy, and there were some super-juicy tomatoes thrown in, but that Short Rib hit the spot. I wanted to steal my friend's plate and eat it, even if it was in front of her! (just kidding, but I did fantasize about it)Dessert was my favorite part. I ordered the Chocolate Mille Feuille, and my two friends ordered the Crying Chocolate and the Coconut Creme Brulee. The Chocolate Mille Feuille is creative and executed well. I ordered this simply because it came with an avocado anglaise and I absolutely did NOT expect it to go well with bruleed bananas and chocolate ganache but it DID! It was absolutely delicious. The spiced chocolate ice cream was a little hard on the taste buds but for some reason I kept mixing it with the avocado and it tasted better! The Crying Chocolate is like any other flourless chocolate cake but it was executed beautifully on the plate and was still delicious. I loved the lemongrass ice cream that came with the Coconut Creme Brulee - also well executed because coconut is a flavor that can go so bad so quick.  I was impressed and loved that dish, too.Overall, Buddakan is a great place to have dinner in the West Village; I loved the atmosphere, the food, the service, and everything in between. I hope this place can keep re-inventing itself because I plan on coming back; I hope to see some even more delicious choices on the menu.
only reason i'm a fan is for the quality of product that they create.  it's not outstanding, just consistently good.  edamame dumplings are quite a treat.
This is a spot that screams opulence and grandeur with busy, young vibe. Edamame dumplings are to die for; chilled udon noodles are also fantastic. Service is always excellent. One of my favorite dinner spots in the City.
Great service and atmosphere. We ate like tapas style b/w 3 ppl. Delicious food but over priced. Partially b.c I don't like to spend loads of $$ on food but i wasn't paying so that's why i was there.
i'm giving this place a 3 star because i liked their decor. it was sexy and nice. for the food, i want to give 1 star because it was overpriced fusion chinese food. the food wasn't horrible but why would you pay that much to eat chinese food?
Anyone who has eaten at Buddakan knows that many of their dishes are spectacular, but what is even more impressive is their space. They've taken a virtually windowless 16,000 square foot environment and turned it into one of the most extraordinary interiors in the city. Dark, cavernous and hip with a splash of bridge-and-tunnel, a night at Buddakan is sure to impress whoever you're with. The only thing worth noting is that many of the portions are very small considering the high prices. But their peking duck is an exception to the rule - it was big and fantastic.
this place is my new best friend. if i lived/worked closer, i think i might actually be permanent fixture. just don't make a res on saturday night at 1130pm for your birthday... you'll be too hungry to enjoy the food, too deaf to hear your friends and too drunk to remember what happened.
Lets start the service was amazing .Very impressed .On top of that it was the best meal i have ever had.The Rock shrimp,the edname dumplings ,the short ribs [all apps] the lamb entree ,the hong kong rib eye entree i can go on and on.Than to finish the crying chocolate yummy yummy .
amazing food and interior! but dont get any fried rice.. they always come out to be too mundane..when I went I got...( i might not have gotten the names exact)1. appet: tuna tartare spring role ... good2. appet: boneless ribs with mustard...tender and amazing!3. entree: steak..nono came out cold and ordinary4. lobster fried rice.... ordinary5. blacked cod...amazing!6. dessert: crying chocolate : delicious7. sobet...not too sweet, deliciousit was a bit too loud but i guess it kind of adds to the "family-style" dining it chinese cuisine restaurant seem to have. food are also served family styled!
went out with a friend at buddakan for some good food on a weeknight... we had a lobster fried rice, tuna tartar rolls, edamame dumplings and the taro lollicuups and crying chocolate for dessert.the highlights are the tuna tartar rolls and the edamama dumpings. i was pleasantly surprised by the taste and texture.. yum!! and the portions were pretty big and it left both of us stuffed by the end of the night. the crying chocolate we ordered to share was okay, it was a bit too sweet and the mix with coffee icecream was over the top a bit.  also they don't have a whole lot of cocktails options available, and the one cocktails i had was just OK.  i would say tao has more selections of drinks. the atmosphere of course is a big selling point and worth a visit.  the crowd was very mixed.  and service was good but not excellant.  overall i would say it is worth a visit if you haven't been.
We were a group of 9 celebrating a birthday.  The place looks amazing.  We had previously asked for seating in the main hall but when we showed up we changed our mind and asked for a more private seating.  NO PROBLEM.  Our waiter, Josh, was a true professional.  He took great care of us.  The food was also amazing.  It was nothing like what we had expected.  We had four very fussy eaters but somehow managed to eat most everything and really enjoy the food.  In summary, the ambience was great, the service was excellent, the food was amazing.  We were there for almost four hours and had a blast.
really outstanding restaurant, probably my favorite in nyc, great crowd, great atmosphere, very crowded, sometimes too crowded in the bar. try the edamame dumplings they are unreal. beef bao buns are very good, black cod is outstanding. have tried most things on the menu and really havnt had anything i disliked, but, obviously some are better than others. highly reccomend
My husband and I decided at 8pm this past saturday that we wanted to go out for dinner and some place fun- meat packing is perfect for a night like that. So, we called Buddakan to make dinner reservations and obviously they had nothing until 11:30pm.. That didn't stop us from going in anyway..  we were told there's nothing until 12:15am so we just decided to hang by the bar and even before we could order our drinks 2 ppl from the communal table were leaving and we got seats rt away...We got really lucky there.. we ordered 3 appetizers- Beef n lettuce cups ( didn't love it- lacked flavor), General Tso's dumplings ( loved them) and Rock shrimp ( didnt love it- too fried).We got some more food- Mushroom noodles ( really good), cauliflower ( loved it) and the black cod ( have to get it anytime we go to a restaurant that serves it- n it was good, not as good as Nobu but decent).Given how much food we got along with a couple of drinks we paid only about 55-60 per person. Its pretty well priced except for a few items. I like it n will def go back again..
Their signature dishes: glazed black cod , tuna tartare rolls, sugar snap peas, pork buns. Everything was prepared to perfection. Dont get the beef tartare unless  you can handle  blood red rare steak. The dessert was simple.
I have been here several times for happy hour, romantic dinner, large party and Buddakan never disappoints.  Great food and (almost always) good service.  My favorite room is the library with the gold books.  I have never seen anyone trip on the stairs although that would be a sight.  Recommendation - order the whole fried fish... I don't even like fish and it was AWESOME.  One complaint - coat check almost lost my sherling, but it was recovered.
First time here and will be back!!  The ambiance is incredible!  The food even better.  The service was friendly and good.  I was blown away by this place!!!!  I woke up the next morning totally craving the food. This is a MUST do in NYC!
OK, I am updating my post. I went back there and for some reason I enjoyed Buddakan the second time around. Staff is still friendly and for some reason the food this time was much better. I was in love with the Lobster Fritters....Yes I am a sucker for fried foods. The Rock Shrimp were an excellent choice as well as the Lobster Dumplings. I wasnt crazy about the Filet again. We did not order the Alaskin Glazed Cod much to my dissapointment. Still not 5 stars but I did enjoy the food the second time around. We ordered 5 appetisers and 6 entrees for 4 people. There was just the right amount of food with anyone fighting for the last anything and the bill was under 125 pp. Not bad!!1st Post*****I give this chic chelsea restaurant 4 stars. The staff were over friendly. If your looking for snoots your not going to find it here. For a true dining experience I suggest Buddakan. The decor is 5 stars. From the minute you open the large door you feel as if your going into the abyss of high class. As I walked in I was walking in behind 3 young gents who were talking as if this restaurant was the new hot spot. Now true, at first I couldnt find the restaurant because it is next to the Chelsea Market and there was a truck in front of the door. When I entered the Restaurant I was expecting an uptight and arrogant host staff. Well you wont find that here. I had arrived late and my party was waiting for me, As the Host walked me down to the table he turned at every stair case to advise me to watch my step. The decor as I said is wonderful, everything you could want in a new york restaurant. Lounge seating up stairs and a larger than life dining room downstairs with a communial table. Even the chandeliers boast New York attitude.I found out that Buddakan in Chelsea is a spin off of the Philadelphia based Restaurant. That was a turn off to me, as a New Yorker I do not expect sloppy seconds. But the food, decor, and service outweigh my neurotic psychosis and Native New York mental block. Now what you have all been waiting for....THE FOOD!!We had the Tuna Tar Tar which was magnificent. Highly recommended. The raw Tuna Spring Rolls were excellent as well. Crab cakes were a bit on the dry side. The Rock Shrimp were good as well. We sampled many of the Entree's First was the Filet Mignon. A bit on the dry side and we asked for medium and it was more on the well done side. The Lobster dinner was not spectacular but very well put together. My favorite in this lush chic establishment had to have been the Black Cod. It boasted flavors that danced on my palet. The Noodles were delicious and made a great add on to the entrees. We ate Family style which worked out well for the 5 of us. We ordered 6 Entrees and there was enough food. My Martini was one of the best ive had in a while. What can I say about the Desserts? Well we had them all and I didnt know whether to eat them or take a picture (had I had a camera). After speaking to 3 other clients this week there seems to be a buzz surrounding this restaurant and its popularity is catching on. Some may think this Restaurant is the next up and coming big NYC deal. Personally I think it has the potential to be a contender however, I do not foresee month in advance reservation requests. WIth around 250 tables Im sure the hype will die off. The food was good but nothing to be amazed about. I think most people are blown away by the decor, size, and service. Buddakan is a great place for business deals, celebs, euros, and the trendy crowd. But they sure make you feel as if everyone is welcome. This place will win you over on size, decor, staff, and food that is good but nothing to wait a month to have. Bottom line: Must try
I love Buddakan!! It's my bf's and my fav restaurant in the city! Awesome food (esp. the rock shrimp, tuna tartare springrolls, general tso dumplings, and tofu). Great service in the bar area too! Last time I was there taking my parents for the first time on a Saturday night, the maitre'd in the bar area bent over backwards to find us a table for 4. Now that is customer service.
Ok I've been trying to eat at this place since umm April when they opened but every Thursday, Tuesday and one other day we tried there were no reservations. Finally we got one for last night at 10:15. When you enter it's a little spooky because the ceilings are immense and there are these HUGE steal beams everywhere. You walk to this hostess table, tell them you have a reservation and they escort you to a lounge where apparently you have to then wait for another hostess to put you on a list to get your table. We sat in the catacombs upstairs very dark compared to the lit library downstairs. Anyway our waiter Byron came over to take our order and I wanted their crab fried rice without eggs-he very curtly was like oh they won't do that. Then suggested veggie fried rice with no egg which we decided was fine. We got all of our food (we shared appetizers) before our drinks even arrived. He forgot one persons drink-then we ate. I enjoyed the edamame dumplings and the frogs legs. The portion sizes were good to share. We also had the squash dumplings-didn't like their consistency and calamari salad which was good. But the kicker was the rice. As soon as the bus boy put it down we look in and wait there is a shitload of egg in it. I was annoyed and picked it out. The best part was the desert. Crying Chocolate which I would highly recommend. It was $126 for 4 people which wasn't too bad. But if you are a person who makes modifications to a menu-this is NOT the place to go, everything is mass produced so they won't alter it.
Trendy place.  Too loud for dinner.  Food was decent.  Service was too slow.  Dirty/empty dishes just sat at the table.  Waitress hard to come by.  It was a bit embarrassing as we were entertaining guests from abroad.
Meh.  Great atmosphere and excellent service, but food was only OK.  Food not much better than a take out place here in Southern California, which is sad for an upscale restaurant.  Peking duck skin soggy, fish overcooked, peanut noodles just plain weird (think Udon with watered down Jif).  On the upside, prices surprisingly reasonable ($350 for 6 people).
i loved the atmosphere. the main room is just grand. when i first heard about it i thought the food would be amercanized chinese food, but not so. the food was pretty authentic.  our waiter used the same lines on every table, but the service was great too.
The interior of this place looks like something out of Harry Potter's movie. It had a very high ceiling  the decor is like a combo of haunted house /castle with a modern twist to it?  I can't really describe it, it's very cool! We were seated at this long table other people that's not with your party.  So if you're shy  wants to be private, I wouldn't recommend this place.  It certainly makes the dinner interesting.  The food was good too.  I love it!
The reservations staff are complete idiots -- lost reservations, refusing to give us anything except 5pm or 11pm even a month in advance, calling me every wk to confirm my reservation or to ask me to change # of people or time. Seriously. Annoying. I almost cancelled because of this, but once we got there, the interior was really amazing. Our server was great (I don't often say that). The drinks were amazing -- really flavorful and just downright tasty. The food is good, but nothing to write home about. However, we spent $75 each for 2 drinks and several courses + dessert -- which we thought was reasonable for a nice place in NY. And, we were stuffed too. So, don't go expecting exceptional food, but the scene is worth it. (Oh, and there were MANY open tables at 8pm/9pm when we finally left. Don't let them B.S. you in to thinking they are oh-so-busy. I was really annoyed that I had to eat at 6pm with families and kids at the next table  when there were plenty of open tables later in the evening).Update: I don't mean to be rude, but parents, can I just reiterate the summary at the top of Buddakan's page that says "Good For Kids: NO".  Do not bring your kids to this place!!!
It was about time to see what all the fuss is about. I've always liked the whole discrete entrance idea when it comes to unique establishments so I immediately apprecicated the subtlety of the door tucked away just off the corner of 16th St and 9th Ave. We were greeted at a formal counter seperated from the rest of the space, a slightly different concept than your usual restaurant podium. After checking our coats we were escorted to a beautiful corner table in the grand baroque room overlooking the central dining area which was simply spectacular! Buddakan is like many different worlds in one. There are several rooms and spaces of different colors, design and themes that all surround the main dining room made up of high ceilings and gorgeously ornate wooden walls. This week I decided to take an easier approach to ordering from the menu. We faithfully placed everything in our waiter's hands and asked him to select the best Buddakan's cuisine had to offer. Luckily we didn't have any dietary needs which made for a vast selection of options and here is what we got: Shrimp Dumplings filled with Egg Drop Broth, Scallions and Bamboo Shoots, this appetizer was incredible. The broth was like a tasty soup hiding inside the dumpling filled with rich flavor. My second favorite appetizer was the Tuna Spring Rolls with Crisp Shallots and Chili Mayonnaise, they were delicious. The entree that I enjoyed the most was the Charred Fillet of Beef with Wanton Potatoes and Mustard Sauce. The meat was excellent and the sauce made it almost taste like candy. Overall I was definitely satisfied with my experience at Buddakan. Our server was charming and as I said before, the space was like a colorful and lounge- like maze. Although the best part was seeing Hiro Nakamura there, one of my favorite characters from the television hit, 'Heroes', almost better than dessert.
This giant, trendy asian-fusion restaurant will wow you when you first walk in. Everything is somewhat sexy with many sections of the restaurant, each with different themes and decor - the lounge is sleek but gets crowded and loud in the evening, the grand room with its high ceiling, gold colors and grandeur commands your attention but also gets loud as the room fills up...but the best is the quieter, more intimate library with tables surrounded by faux gold colored books, softly lit by lights - we have our favorite table here for six that is comfortable yet interesting in decor - which, by the way, is an odd mix of asian and baroque. The food itself is good - particularly the taro puff lollipops which were served hot with a crispy outside and a warm goey pork filling.  The scallion pancakes with short ribs were more like crispy thin flatbread with braised short ribs and scallion on top - but it was delicious. The lobster dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary though. We also tried the NY strip served with tomatos and crispies - it was good, but again, nothing special. The black cod and the snapper, though typical sounding were actually delicious and well accented by the other complementary aspects of the dish susch as the mushrooms and the radish. In terms of dessert - we ordered the chocolate mille feuille with caramelized banana and a kaffir lime tart that came with some sort of a lime souffle and gelato - I highly recommend the lime dessert because the lime souffle and gelato were irresistable. Overall, I would say that the food was delicious, the decor was interesting, the service could have been more consistent - but I'll give them a break since this is only week 2 - and the experience overall was worth trying - but there are definitely better places to eat. Good place to get a drink and small apps though...!
Food was exquisite! Try the lollipop as a starter
Was there just before new years (9pm). Fancy place. Fortunately, no outside waiting. The place is huge. Gorgeous main dining hall. We didn't really order anything besides drinks, which we got for free because we had a hook up in the joint. Some guy who was watching the entrance to the VIP lounge was a total douchebag (even when we were allowed to go down there). Not really my kinda place honestly.
edamame dumplings, short ribs , black cod are the best things !!! great atmosphere and good for groups or couples.
Cool vibe - good food....as good as the other hi-end asian fusion places in NYC. certainly suggest trying it.
this place is beautiful!!! and very VERY big. i mean, it could probably feed a whole army and then some. i had a reservation around 6, and since it was on the early side, it wasnt as crowded as by the time we left. I had a beautiful seat at the library room. its chinese food with japanese and some french influences here and there. i absolutely adored the edamame dumplings wich was just a burst of delicious in my mouth. i thought the food could have been better though. it didnt blow my mind. (i agree with Chris L. on this part) i was blessed with a wonderful server, and she was very attentive. i really loved my cocktail Serenity...it was very delicious. on the end note, deffinetlly give it a try. the place it self will blow you away, but some of the dishes are not worth what they're charging.
12 million bucks they spent to build this place.  Located in the old Nabisco factory in the meat packing district.  The place is  huge, the decor is fantastic, the noise level  high. The bar  is  jumping, the food is really good, "fancy chinese".  The edamame dumplings are my favorite dish. The lobster dish was  great  but they took it off the menu recently, what a mistake  that was.  They make you wait a long time to seat you ,  they like getting you to order drinks at the bar. It's a place you must experience.
The best thing about the place was the ambiance - very chic. It made an appearance in the sex and the city movie - where Carrie had her wedding rehearsal dinner. The food was enjoyable but not earth-shattering. The cocktails and drinks were good.
I went to Buddakan this past weekend with a large group of friends.  I was very disappointed with the service, ambiance and food.  I cannot even recall a single redeeming quality of this place. The ambiance was not inviting at all. Our group of 8 was seated in the middle of a long table where we were sharing with other groups of people. I thought the set up was strange since you could hear the other group's conversations. Next the service matched the ambiance, it was terrible. As soon as we sat down and received our menus our waitress came by to take our order. We had not even sat down for 2 minutes or had a chance to glance at the menu. I felt like we were being rushed so they could clear the table as soon as possible.  For the money you spend on this place the least they can do is give you time to look at the menu. The menu looked interesting but the flavors were sub par.  Everything we ordered was bland besides the edamame dumplings. The waitress stressed that the entrees were served family style but for the portions you would need to order three times the amount of food to feed your party. While we were eating the bus boys were trying to take our plates away. I found that extremely rude. Overall I would NEVER go back to this restaurant nor recommend it to anyone else.
This place is huge!  and absolutely beautiful!  A really nice place for drinks and to bring out-of-towners if you want to impress!  Its very trendy and hip-  the food is all right (I prefer Asia de Cuba's food) but definately worth a visit or two!
Incredible value for money. Amazing ambience, great food, great service and all for just $60 a head. You can't go wrong.
Whenever I go to restaurants like Buddakan I can't help but think of this one episode of the Simpson's.  Patty and Selma are sitting on their couch watching Sex and the City.   They blow rings of smoke at the TV and say with a raspy voice, "This show is like looking the mirror!"  This place is what it is, a scene.  I have no problem with that, the décor is great (although a bit cavernous) and I'm sure a fun place for just drinks.  I went with a group last night for dinner; the food was ok, nothing spectacular, completely average over hyped NY cuisine.  What you pay for is the scene, which is completely fine if that's what you're looking to do.  However like all trendy NY establishments of this nature I do predict an increasing swarm of BT groups looking for a Sex and the City night out on the town.  Beware of waiters tripping on someone's pump fat sticking out of their Manolo's and egg rolls flying everywhere...
So I had a mixed experience at Buddakan.  Food was good; service stunk.  I was seated in the back of the downstairs area of the restaurant so I was ushered through the entire restaurant on my way to my table.  Like other reviewers have noted, its absolutely gorgeous.  Once seated, it took a full 20 minutes for a server to come and speak to my table.  We actually had to ask a porter for water and our waiter.  Once the waiter arrived we ordered coctails, four appetizers and an entree to share between the two of us.  While the waiter comp'ed the drinks due to the lack of initial attention, he forgot one of our appetizers.  The food was very good, our favorite dishes being the crispy duck spring rolls and mongolian lamb chops.  By the time we realized that our missing appetizer wasn't coming we were already pretty stuffed so that ended up being a blessing in disguise.  We felt the idea of sharing appetizers worked really well and was WAY cheaper than if we had each ordered an entree.
i went last night for dinner. the decor was nice...very sleek inside. again, another take on the "modern" aesthetic. the restaurant is huge...and located conveniently next to chelsea market. from where we sat, it was quite drafty. i assumed most of our food came out hot or warm but by the time we had our first helping, the food had chilled. we sat in the side aisle connecting the bar/lounge area to the back dining area, overlooking the bottom floor dining area. the restaurant was loud as heck. not at all pleasant. perhaps it was due to the cavernous size and the materials used to construct the restaurant (not acting as a sound dampener but rather refracting and amplifying sounds [chatter and music alike]) but it sounded like i was in the middle of lunch rush hour at a high school cafeteria. girls and boys huddle over their tables gossiping all over the place. i could hardly hear what the other person sitting directly across from me was saying.suffice to say, the area where we were sat had quite a lot of foot traffic. not pleasant. and to top it off, our table was so small and there was no sense of timing in which the dishes came out, our small table was brimming with dishes. throughout the majority of our dinner the candle, the sugar holder, our bottles of water, drink glasses, my tea kettle and tea cup were all placed on the ledge next to us to make room for the dishes. you know, small details like that really make or break a restaurant for me. i think two dishes at a time is great for a table our size...instead the servers were piling dish upon dish onto our cramped table even, piling dishes on top of each other. that is ridiculous. i was there for a dining experience not to see how adept the servers were at figuring out how to pile even more dishes onto our table. and each time the servers brought out a new dish, they plopped it down onto our table. and like i'm like, wtf is this? did we order this? none of the usual tirade on what the dish was, what the main ingredient was, etc. just plop and go. was it even that busy last night?and the food. meh. i've had better. the butternut squash dumplings looked good on the menu. it wasn't my favorite. it's way too creamy or gooey. has an odd consistency in your mouth. the dumplings were gooey already but they came served in a gooey sauce. so it was goo drenched in more goo. the char sui pork buns were tasty enough. i had better at momofuku. the scallion pancakes? meh. deviled tuna tartare? meh. our tea smoked chicken was covered in too much of the ginger chutney to be even tasty. is was like, "what am i eating here? ginger?" and the asparagus and black bean dish, we ordered because we were curious as to how it would be presented. when it came out it looked like cut asparagus swimming in velveta and black bean cheese dip. and how much did our lovely meal set us back? $140.not. worth. it.
I enjoyed my dinner here. Obviously a shi-sh-fru-fru experience, but in an era where decadence is no longer seen out and about it was refreshing to dine here and observe a generally well dressed and attractive crowd. The setting is amazing, I love the idea of walking down the steps to your table, treat it as your own personal runway folks! The space is massive and the restaurant check-in area is set up hotel style, so you aren't crowded at the door attempting to let the hosts know that you have arrived! The seating area/bar while you wait is cute, and at first I onwdered how they would locate me amidst such a loud and packed room but they came and seated my party promptly. My waitress was very friendly without beings syrupy or programmed  (you know the kind of service you get at chains). She recommened we do maybe 3 appetizers and 2 entrees, all of which were good, especially the rock shrimp. My water was refilled promptly, my white Russian was good! Are the portions small? Yes, but why do people complain about this? Go to Cheeesecake Factory or Maggianos if you want to gorge and pig out. After the apps and the entree, I didn't even have room for dessert. All in all, this spot seems to be one of the trendy restaurants with substance!
I've been to Buddakan twice now and both experiences have been great!Tried the cocktail "Fate" that was recommended by our waitress. Thought it was quite delicious!On to the food.. Party of 7 ordered - Spring Rolls, Tuna Tartar Rolls, Duck Salad, Spare Ribs, Rock Shrimp, Frog Legs and the Scallion Pancakes to start. I would pass on the pancakes next time but everything else was Yum, Yum and YUM! Then on to the entrees.. we all shared Black Pepper Beef, Black Cod, Scallops, Peking Duck, Lobster Fried Rice, Crab Sticky Rice and Asparagus. You can probably get better pepper steak at a takeout restaurant but all the other dishes were amazing. Wish I had a bigger stomach to try more dishes!! For dessert, I had the Crying Chocolate with Jasmine Ice Cream. It definitely made me cry cause it was so good and I wanted more (corny) LOL
I know this place doesn't need any more reviews... but I rarely get to go to NYC so you better believe I'm going to review what I can!After a full day of corporate training, a group of 12 of us came in here without a reservation - luckily it was early and they were able to accomodate us. We sat in the lounge/bar area, around one of the huge, low tables. At first this was weird... then we realized it was actually awesome. We got to sit back and observe as the crowd poured in; it made for great people watching.With some quick references to the Yelp app on my iPhone, I knew exactly what I wanted to order. Since I had my corporate card in my back pocket, I tried a bunch of different items:Edamame Dumplings - delicate, very unique and tasty but you better be an edamame fan.Chili Rock Shrimp - SPICY and delicious, my favorite item.Sugar Snap Peas - great mix of flavors without being overwhelming, they were a good compliment to the shrimp.I washed it all down with a Lush cocktail (very girly and fun) and then stole a bite of a coworker's dessert - the Crying Chocolate was FANTASTIC. I sincerely regretted not getting one for myself. Next time...Food: 5 starsValue: 4 starsService: 5 starsAmbiance: 5 stars
One of my favorite Asian Fusion restaurants in the city. Terrific food, impeccable service, and an interesting dim decor makes this spot great for a dates or large group of friends.I've been here a couple times, both times with 6+ friends. The food is served family style so you can sample various dishes (which is a good thing). The menu is comprehensive and offers plenty of options. Some of my favorites are the following: - edamame dumplings (has a hint of truffle oil)- pork buns (great asian flavor)- all of their fried rice/noodle dishes (can't pick one, they're all so good) - pepper beef (on the salty side but still a favorite)- miso black cod (comparable to the one at morimotos)- tuna tartar (make sure you don't forget to incorporate the spicy mayo)- lamb chops (not too lamby- great medium rare)
I used to live 2 blocks from here in my glorious 20's and went to this restaurant frequently b/c w/o fail, it was always a fantastic and inspired meal.   Went again recently, maybe 2-3 yrs since my last visit, and was pleasantly surprised nothing has changed (in a good way)- everything was delicious and service was great.  Highly recommend this place.
The restaurant is very large and impressive. The food was not very impressive. It was over run with tourists, the music was very odd - one track was a lady screaming, the food was just ok.
Yeah, I'm a little slow in knowing that this place is kind of my dream come true.  Dark, sexy, modern, and gorgeous.  You walk in and there's a giant hotel-like front desk where you check in.  Then we were instructed to wait by the bar while our table gets ready.  We had a glass of prosecco (priced decently, $9) while we waited, about 5 minutes.  We were then ushered down the stairs through the grand dining room, to our table in the far side room.  Nicest touch ever was when the hostess carried my champagne for me down the stairs, as high heels + stairs = wobbles.  Super nice touch.At the table, our server came right away and was friendly, attentive, smart, fast, and basically perfect.  Immediately after sitting, an amuse bouche of tuna tartare and spicy yellowtail arrived - both amazing.  Considered ordering full orders of each, but wanted to try more things.  So:We ordered:- edamame dumplings - which were great.  Basically like buttery mashed potato with a delicate wrapper.  All one texture, melts in your mouth.-scallion pancake - a plate of 4 rectangular pancakes, piled high with braised short rib.  More about the beef than the pancake, totally amazing.-Udon noodle with lime sorbet, peanut sauce, cashews, lime, snowpeas, sprouts, and crystalized ginger.  This side dish is magically fresh and delicious.-Ginger-crusted lamb chops - a plate of 3 lamb lollipops, medium rare.  So good I literrally got emotional.-Mapu Tofu - Excellent.  My husband has eaten this dish all over China and said this was up there with the best of them.  A huge serving of white rice accompanies the dish, the only item on the table we didn't finish.We also tried (yes) three of the desserts.  The peanut butter bomb was only ok - it suffered from a heavy shell which I didn't like, but the inside peanut butter mousse was nice.  Much better was the chocolate torte with coffee ice cream, but the best, I thought by far, was the cheesecake with pear sorbet.  Amazing.  Although, the food at this restaurant was SO great, that when dessert came, it almost felt like an afterthought - like - just unnecessary after all the good 'real' food we'd just had.Also had a bottle of cold, unfiltered sake which tasted like candy-goodness.And for all this gloriousness, the check came out to be way less than I expected.  Totally reasonably priced.  I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu, which is pretty rare for me.Basically my new favorite restaurant.  Wish I had gone sooner.
Seriously one of the best meals/dining experiences I've had in a long time. Not only is the space at Buddakan picturesque (no, really, bring your camera), but the food is UH-MAH-ZING. I had 2 cocktails because I was on vacation and needed to get this overeating party started. Successfully, I gained 5 lbs in the week I was gone. But that's neither here nor there.I was with my Croatian sisters + sorority sister and it was a bonafide girls night out. We just kept ordering different plates, and the staff were nice enough to put 5 items on each plate instead of the 3 it came with, since there were 5 of us. How nice is that?!They also brought out these things in courses. Lobster egg rolls, pot stickers, some little satchel of chicken and sauce, fried rice, noodles, shrimp toast, OH MY! Oh wait, another plate of lobster fried rice? Shifty eyes everywhere--"no one say anything!" my friend Stephanie demanded. That's right, folks. Complimentary fried rice. Or just a confused waitstaff. Awww yeah.Then, when all was said and done, everyone needed to order their own $10 dessert. I got the chocolate mousse parfait and the other gals ordered bread pudding. Both things made me want to faint they were so tasty.2 cocktails, endless plates and a $10 dessert and my share was only $60. HOLLA. Seriously, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
this is a typical meatpacking restaurant.We went there with a friend of mine on a sunday night.The food was good, the atmoshpere is great. This place is really beautiful. Hard to describe. You just feel somewhere else.Appetizer + entree + glass of wine = 80$ so not bad.Our waitress was absolutely great, very nice and cool. She looked so crazy ! Love it !Will not go back with friends, but I would take a client here.
food and accuracy so much better since red bank dominoes now delievers to me
the food was ok nothing to go crazy over ... kinda over priced if you ask me
After hearing about this place and seeing it in the "Sex and the City" movie, my friend and myself decided to have dinner here.I was hoping it would live up to the hype..... and IT DID!We made dinner reservations, but had to wait for about 10 minutes. (No biggie because it was a beautiful and interesting place to observe.)We each had individual entrees and shared the lobster rice. (The Lobster Rice was seriously amazing. I dream about how good it was!!!)For dessert we shared glazed tea donuts with vanilla bean ice cream. Yummmy as well.I also had a DELICIOUS cocktail during dinner... They change their drink menu often though.****A must try for locals or visitors!!
Absolutely hated the food here. Was disappointed as had heard so many good things about this place!The cocktails were delicious and we sat at the bar while we waited for a table as it was very packed and we'd made a late reservation for a table (on the same day). Appetizers and entree were not to mine or my sisters taste. We ended up leaving most of the food. The mixture of flavors did not blend well together. Maybe it was just an off day but I definitely won't be coming back...one bad experience is enough for me!
Ok, make sure you get reservations cause this place is BUSY!! It's very large, but VERY loud as well!! It kinda bothered me because it was dark and sexy, perfect for a date, but its hard to have a conversation, so maybe not. We were originally seated RIGHT NEXT TO the swinging kitchen door, so it sqeeked every time a waiter or waitress came in or out, so that lasted about 2 seconds before we asked to be moved. Eventually we ended up in a perfect location upstairs in a side room. There wasn't alot on the menu that I could eat (sushi, pork or seafood) but I made a meal out of the side items which were delicious!! Curry rice and some mushroom noodles. My friends had the shrimp and the steak. Both delicious as well! I wish they had more options on the menu, but I would definately come back here again!!
Great food, coat check lost my scarf and gloves though. Not great when it's 12 degrees outside.
Wonderful food! Excellent service! Great for celebrations or romantic dates. A must in the city!
What was I thinking not giving it 5 stars originally? This place is as good as it gets! Returned to Buddakan a few weeks ago with some friends and was happy to see the atmosphere, the energy, the service and the food is as good as ever.  The edamame dumplings are still a luxurious treat and cannot be missed.  Yes, chances are you'll have to wait for a table but spending time with their friendly bartenders is really lovely.  One interesting note for the ladies is their floors to prove to be slick especially when wearing high-heels. But this gives you a chance to slow down and look around and be looked at so I guess it's not all bad. In all, I can't recommend Buddakan enough to my friends and look forward to being back in NYC. Buen Provecho!
I'm back!!Still a fan and promise my next visit will be for dinner. Popped in after ABC Kitchen and still needed to feel our belly's. I had the Fate cocktail my friend had the Tranquility then we split the oh so delicious Edaname Dumplings.
I haven't dined here in over 2 years and I have to say I think the food has improved.  I came here with 5 others and we tried a bunch of dishes.  Please see Andrew Y's review on 10/30/10 on what we ordered.  Everything was extremely flavorful and well presented.  Definitely no complaints on ambiance as the space is beautiful!  For service, it was up there for sure.If you have out of town friends and are looking for a night out in NY, this is a great place to start your evening.  Be sure to make reservations as this place is packed, especially weekends.
Delicious. Everything we ordered was incredible. Scallion pancakes, Chili rock shrimp, lamb chop and black cod. The "lounge" is 1st come 1st serve and in my opinion is sexier atmosphere than the lower level or the main restaurant. It's darker and swankier with a bit more room. Stumbled on this spot while on a date night with the Hubbs and we'll definitely be back!
This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC. The signature edamame dumplings are absolutely amazing. I kept thinking about them when i left...the environment is nice and modern. it is a good place for friends to get together.
If your want to eat at a beautiful place with an Asian fusion this is the place to eat. With the giant golden statue of Buddha in the middle and lightly dimmed place creates a great place for a nice date night. It has multiple locations in ny as sell as Philly. The food is delicately made along with a twist on the traditional. My fave was prob the taro dimson on a stick... Along with the steak flat rice noodles. But I gotta say its a bit on the pricy side of course it was my boss bday and her boss paid for us all I think the price for us 12 people was well over 3G. But if you have a special date it would be a great place to go to.. Then again we had dishes after dished and shots along with it.
My friend and I ate here in September '09. Yes, a delayed review indeed, but better late than never, right? Anyway, it was our first time visiting New York and we only had a couple of days so it left us with a lot to see and do, but with very little time. So we decided to eat at least one nice restaurant while we were there. We went on the Sex and the City tour and our guides took us here. (Carrie and Mr. Big's rehearsal dinner party). They had some available tables for the same evening so we jumped at the chance to RSVP.Even though we had reservations, we still had to wait between 30-40 minutes. It was really busy that it was hard to even get seat in the bar area. Aside from that, the decor is amazing and the food was delish. I can't recall exactly what we ate because it was two years ago and we were so hungry that we dug in as soon as the plate hit the table. Don't worry, we did it in a classy way lol. Mind you, we were hungry from the waiting, but from a long day walking in the cold, rainy city. One of the two nights we had a nice place to go, it was the night we went here.Anyway, the prices were what we expected them, but it was well worth it as I recall.
I had a truly fantastic birthday here last week with my 5 best gals, Sex and the City rehearsal dinner style. Sure it was a splurge, but so fun to dress up and eat amazing food in an amazing space.Naturally we started with some bubbly - Veuve Clicquot - my go-to. Then we perused the enormous menu, and since everything sounded delicious, we went for the tasting. They offer several tiers, and the lowest tier at $65 per person was just perfect.Appetizer highlights: the Edamame Dumplings - edamame puree + truffle oil in a dumpling. Pretty sure this item is on the menu in my heaven. I also loved our first app - the Tuna Spring Roll.Somewhere amid the apps I ordered our next bottle. Wine is generally pricy, as you would expect, but I found a hidden gem among the whites listed as Cape Mentelle Blend. I'll tell you that it's a Sauv Blanc / Semillon, and it's delicious. It's also one of the lowest-priced at $40. Loved it.So by now the rest of our courses are a bit of a blur, but I do recall rave reviews on all of them, from all of us, as we tasted through. We were sufficiently stuffed, but managed to make room for the seemingly-endless desserts - all so different and delicious.I highly recommend Buddakan for a fun / celebratory / special night out... or for any random day/meal if your wallet can support it!
Wow what can i say? I went to Buddakan last month with a friend to celebrate his birthday and i was quite pleased. The decor is phenomenal. The food although it is pricey but quite good. I would definitely come back here.
Incredibly delicious.  My highlights were the pork dumplings, cod,  vegetable rice (which I would eat everyday if I could). The drink menu looked amazing too but since I'm preggers I couldn't indulge. I definitely recommend this place.
I love this Stephen Starr restaurant, and it is even better than the Philly version.  The steamed sea bass roll is a fantastic app with fragrant scallion oil, and the deviled tuna tartare is the perfect combination of spicy and creamy flavors.  The dungeness crab sticky rice is very solid, although it's not quite as great as Joe's.  The mongolian lamb chops, however, are fantastic, as is the glazed Alaskan cod; the cod flesh is incredibly silky and tender and lamb is tender and flavorful.  Be sure to get the Chinese sausage fried rice with the sunny side-up egg!  There are plenty of options for vegetarians, too, although I personally love the hoisin-glazed pork belly.  It's hard to go wrong with any dish here.  For dessert, I always head straight for the Almond bread oudding with whiskey ice cream and bananas.  It's creamy and has just the perfect hint of alcohol.  Service is always super and you can't beat the hip, upbeat, trendy atmosphere.  Prices are also very reasonable for the ambiance and quality!  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
To be honest, I could actually give the food a 3, but the decor, ambiance, space, and service raise it to a 4. Lovely setting and a kind of non-descript location in the meatpacking district. The food was good, but I can't say I was overwhelmed by the tastiness and I seriously don't get the hype around the edamame dumplings.We had a party of 6 so we tried the tasting menu #2 which provided an assortment of appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Of all the food we tried, I'd say the tuna tartare rolls and braised beef were the two memorable items.
JUST A LIST OF THOUGHTS:-great decor on the inside with very dramatic appeal-lounge while waiting for dinner good enough to hang out without getting dinner-separate places divided by walls: the place has a huge eating place and doesn't feel intimate at all but rather you're at a queens palace.-coconut rice- yum-edamame dumplings - yum-green asian stir fry - boring-mushroom chow fun - plain-crispy tofu in thousand layer somethingoverall, didn't really meet my expectations with all the hype.  The quality of dinner items were sub-par but the drinks were excellent.
I finally booked a reasonable reservation at Buddakan and ended up having one of my best meals in NYC. I wasn't sure if it would live up to the hype due to the Sex  The City association, but I'm glad to report I was wrong.I won't repeat too much as there are plenty of reviews here already. But I will say that I've given very few 5-star reviews, so I don't take this rating lightly.Here's what we had:- Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls ---Amazing!- Edamame Dumplings --- Amazing!- Black Cod dish - The best cod I've had. Ever. Period. Try it!- Lobster Fried Rice - Very good- Roasted Duck Noodles - Very good. The dumplings are great!- Fate Cocktail - Yummy! Must- try.We split this among 3 girls and were full. We could have done without one of the bigger dishes too and would have ordered dessert in that case. Damage wasn't too bad at $55 per person after tax and tip including one drink.This place is a definite must-try.
Fun vibe, always crowded. Best dishes were actually the cheaper dishes like the asian mixed greens and Dungeness crab sticky rice. Salt and pepper black bass was presented beautifully but was overcooked. Drinks were fun. Wild mushroom chow fun was way too salty. Service was great. It's a place I am not dying to go back to but I would as a fun place.
Such great everything! Food, decor, music, vibe, everything. Its a bit fancy, and often hard to get a reservation, but they do seat walk ins in the front lounge easily if you ever want to take a shot. Get the edamame dumplings!
This place is definitely over rated, probably because it was on some television show in the past.  Anyway to be fair I think that it is some kind of fusion place, because all the Eastern dishes it have must have been toned down for the delicate Anglo taste bud.  It had none of the explosion of flavors as you would get from tasting an Asian cuisine.  Also the size of the dish is very small as expected in any high end place.  My whole Peking duck look like a quail, and it didn't taste anything like you would hope a Peking Duck would.  If you eat with eyes then this place is not bad, if you eat with you taste buds I suggest you head down to Chinatown.
Buddakan is good, but I don't think for me. My best friends were coming home to visit me in New York and it was one of their birthdays and we're both huge fans of Top Chef and remember that Dale used to (does still?) work there. So why not?The restaurant is GIMONGO which you might not expect from the outside. We felt a little out of place while there. We were dressed up but felt a little younger than most everyone there. The hosts and staff were all really pleasant, especially our waiter (who looked a lot like an Asian Chris Brown) who walked us through the menu and gave us great recommendations for our first time there.The food was good, but I can't help that it's just like a really upscale Chinese joint. Not to say that 's a bad thing, but it just feels a little weird. I think even I could afford it, I don't know if I'd go back a whole lot.
I have never been to a restaurant with so many friendly people in one place. Even the doorman was super nice and wished me Happy Holidays and he didn't even work there, he was the homeless guy hustling cab rides for people. Ok first the staff and then the food. Arleen was our super attentive and sweet server who was very patient while we tried to narrow down our choices from one of everything to something more reasonable. Our drinks were superb either made by Nicole or Branca two of the sweetest bartenders ever! The manager Kermit was very friendly as well and took the time to check on us throughout a super busy Friday evening.The security was even friendly in there! Shout out to Fran and Curtis!!!Ok now the food. We decided to app it out so we got four choices to share between two people. Don't judge us. In order of preference: scallion pancakes with braised short ribs.....melt in your mouth good!!!!!!!!Lobster fried rice with crispy scallops OMG!!!!!!!!!Striped sea bass roll the sea bass was so good and that sauce!!!!!!Sesame shrimp toast delicious delicious delicious!!!!For dessert we had banana fritters with pistachio crusted ice cream and a chocolate cake with Tahitian vanilla ice cream.....heaven times 10!!!!!!I didn't even get up once I sat down so I can't tell you about the decor beyond my table but damn the food and staff are awesome.Go!!!!!!!!!!!
Delicious delicious delicious.Can't remember everything we got but I actually liked EVERYTHING we ordered, which is rare. The wagyu beef?, comes sliced up for you on a plate, served so it can be shared, is SO GOOD. I had my doubts about Buddakan thinking it would just taste like so-so fancified beautified overpriced Asian food but I was wrong. Its actually really good and all the dishes have some kind of twist to it. Pork belly something dish and seafood/crab something stew-esque in a pot--also fantastic. Tried a ton of different cocktails, all of them tasty.I just wish I could remember all the other things I ate so I could recommend them to you all so you can also taste the deliciousness.
Always a win. The cod though is hit or miss. Great for shares.
4.5 stars but my group of 12 had no complaints after we left so they get a 5 since they were able to make a large group complaint free. Food: I usually hate paying an extra premium for fusion ethnic foods at trendy restaurants when I can have the real thing at a hole in the wall. But in Buddakan's case, they did not disappoint. Everything was well prepared, had great flavor and the portions were fair for their size. The sake selection is a nice bonus too.Ambiance: Beautiful restaurant, especially the large dining room which was super impressive.Service: Very good and the food came out at a nice pace.Price: Obviously more then a hole in the wall Asian place, but compared to other restaurants with an equivalent ambiance and service, Buddakan is fair if not a good deal.Overall: You aren't coming for the food, you're coming for the atmosphere and environment. Luckily in this case, unlike other similar restaurants, the food is good enough to make you happy when you leave.
Beautiful ambiance, great food. Ordered lobster fried rice, pork pot stickers and sesame beef. Loved the atmosphere, perfect for a fun night out.
Had an amazing time and the food was awesome. A perfect date night. Make sure you have reservations
I've always been very skeptical of high end Chinese food, having been brought up with authentic home cooking and Flushing in my backyard.  And I've been disappointed a couple of times (Tao).  However, this was quite possible one of the best meals in my life.charmdungeness crab sticky ricechow funshanghainese chickenSO FREAKING GOOD. i die.  And my picky parents, who sampled the left overs I brought home, agree.The decor and ambiance is gorgeous, our waiter was knowledgeable and an absolute delight.  And how they folded your napkin for you when you went to the restroom was a cute touch.
absolutley love this place! Went on a triple date and did the tasting menu, delishious food and a great atmosphere!
Came here with the hubby for our anniversary.  Place is great. The space is big and sexy.  The food and drinks are delicious.  We got the edamame dumplings which were light and tasty.  I got the cod and hubby got the short rib and dessert. We both enjoyed our dinners and would definitely go back.  Its a fun spot for large parties or for just a special occasion for just for two.
Came here last sunday for dinner as it was recommended by a friend, never thought that this was the rehearsal resto for the movie sex and the city. Anyway, i guess that's a plus because the ambiance of this place is awesome. The decor and seating for each dining area are really nicely set for it's mood-romantic (dim lights  fancy chandelier). FOOD: our orders were delivered in good time, so the table wasn't too crowded and we absolutely enjoyed everything. We ordered the edamame dumplings since it was mentioned here on yelp several times and we did not regret it, in fact it was delish! Next we ordered the steak and Alaskan cod and crispy crab noodles and string beans. All were very tasty and yesss me and the bf's shoulder was up! we did not have room for dessert.i would love to dine again for my next visit in the city ;)
Arrived here at 6pm on a Saturday night with my wife and another couple.  We did not make a reservation beforehand and they were full according to the hostess but we were able to put a couple of small tables together in the lounge where the entire menu is available and were seated immediately.  Our server was quick, efficient and knowledgable.  We had lobster fried rice, hoisin glazed pork belly, scallion pancakes and Kung Pao monkfish.  All of our dishes were tasty but the scallion pancakes wouldn't be ordered again if we went back.  Overall good service, tasty food and a very nice interior.  I would definitely go back and also recommend to others.
I have always enjoyed Buddakan.  The lighting is a bit to dark for me. The service is great. It can get loud. Definitely a place for couples and friends. I have seen families there but it doesn't seem to be great for little ones.
DAMAGE CONTROL has to be the stand out factor of Buddakan...but more about that later.I was very excited to come to this swanky spot for my friend's birthday. Drinks were really good, my favorite was the "Lush" with Sake, Gin, Lychee and Rosemary. Drinks were followed by everyone ordering about 2 plates each for the table.  I foolishly did not try the Edamame Dumplings but I hear they were superb.  I loved the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls and the Deviled Tuna Tartar with Chili Mayo (delicious layer of fresh bright tuna over avocado with a long slide of chili mayo down the plate, so good!)  I was told to order the Calamari Salad which was good but underwhelming (basically fried calamari over greens with apples and cashews and a basic light dressing). Will return more prepared to order outside the appetizer menu and go with the famous recommendations they're known for. As dinner was finishing nicely...the roach came...Yes only the second cockroach I have ever seen in NYC came crawling down the long wood table at the center of the downstairs dining room. Gasps and screams were immediately followed by one of the staff members "taking care" of the critter and all was well.This ordeal was followed by bottles of Veuve for our whole party and then every single dessert on the menu....(I think in hopes of me not mentioning this on Yelp but how the staff handled the situation should be commended).  Supposedly, this has never happened there and I do believe that.  I must say one little roach AFTER dinner was worth the tradeoff of getting to try every dessert on the menu (each also came with a candle for the b-day girl). Best dessert: Almond Bread Pudding...pure heaven.The net-net: will definitely come back, but most likely only for another special occasion.
I have been here 6+ times for dinner and drinks and @ my dear friend Jennifer Y. who says: "the patrons all think they're Paris Hilton socialites when they're all really from the tristate suburbs"- times have changed...This Friday night (I'd usually go on a week day to avoid the BT crowd but I had international guest with me and this restaurant is a showpiece), there was more than one kid there with a mouthful of braces having dinner with his/her family. After 4+ years of being open, it's gone from trendy to touristy to catch-all?I honestly believe that the key to Buddakan is no expectations. You should go once, just to see the space.  No amount was spared making this restaurant look like a million bucks. If you've been more than once, the experience feels different depending on what table you end up with. Upstairs feels different from downstairs and the "great hall" feels like a special occasion dinner even when it's not. My #1 tip is this, ordering well off this extensive menu is the key to your experience here. You can order the wrong thing and write-off the whole restaurant in one trip.  There are so many ways to go wrong..stay away from the traditional fried stuff like rock shimp and all the other BS dim sum, like scallion pancakes which will be the same as the ones in Chinatown just way more expensive, you can get that stuff anywhere. Here are the some great choices:Edamame Dumplings (steamed)- A++Spiced Tofu and Cashews- A+Whole Peking Duck- AYellowtail Yu Sheng- ABy this point, the staff runs like a well oiled machine and they're not only helpful but knowledgeable as well in case you need some recommendations from the menu or help with the wine list!!!If you're looking for a scene go somewhere else...this restaurant managed to make a smooth transition past being trendy with good food and ambiance, I would call it a classic!
This place is in my top 5 restaurants of all time. Flavors are balanced and complex. Must get edamame dumplings, asparagus,  charred filet of beef, and vegetable rice with coconut foam. Roll your eyes back ah-mazing!
I have been to Buddakan probably 15 times now and it has been 100% consistent every time. This is not where you come with your cool friends, they'll think you're nuts to suggest it. But don't be a snob. Bring your own of town guests here. It's perfect for that. It's spacious, pretty, the food is really good, and the service is always amazing. It feels like an event, especially for people from out of town. I took my parents here this weekend and it was just so NICE to take my little old small town folks somewhere that felt hip to them so they felt "New York" and no one there talked down to them or looked down at them or made us feel stupid. And for those who say it's expensive, I really don't know what they're talking about. 3 of us each had a cocktail, we shared 5 plates I think, we had 2 desserts, and it was $150. You don't get better than this for $50 a head.
THE MOST wonderful place!! I LOVED everything about it! from the drinks to the decor and the YUMMY YUMMY FOOD! My best friend and I visited NY and of course had to try this place out after all it WAS in Sex and the City! LOL I can't even say anything bad about it, service was nice, sophisticated crowd, the Food was impeccable!I only wish they opened one on the West Coast!
Love the whole ambience. But  (hate to say it ) I've had better Asian food. It's expensive enough to expect mind-blowing tastes. Bizarrely, my mind was only blown by their Banana Bread Pudding dessert. Scrumptious, tho not Asian.
Great food and an amazing atmosphere, but brutally expensive. well, just not in MY budget. Dinner for two including a drink each and 1 shared appetizer totaled $150 not including tip. Definitely worth the money if paying for atmosphere, but you can go to 14th street Spice for $5 amazing appetizers and $12 entrees and with good company have just as much fun.
Went here for dinner on a thurs night and enjoyed the atmosphere . When you walk in you don't realize just how big the place is till your seated downstairs where there's a beautiful dinning area with very high ceilings. The staff was perfect and attentive and the food was amazing.
This place is just awesome, the food was just perfect, there is so much attention to detail from the decor to the presentation of the meal. This place is a great example of how good food in NY really is. I would say not to go here if you are on a tight budget though!
I never have any complaints I adore this place with a passion. Great date spot if you want to impress someone. Atmosphere is amazing. Love love love
I purchased the E and C room For a Bro Mitzvah which is a celebration of a young black male from tween to teen .I was very satisfied as to how everything was organized , the staff was very accommodating and polite ,All the children expressed  what an amazing  Time they had,The place was a must and a pus
Came her for my bday a couple of weeks ago. We started with the app sampler which was insane and well worth the money. My girlfriend's fish dish (cod, I believe) was also incredible but my short ribs were bland and had to be dunked in hot mustard just to get them down. I would have been much happier had my waitress not disappeared for a good 20min after we received our entrées because by the time she checked on us I had already finished half of the meal. Yes, I get that we are a 2-top on a saturday night but you can at least come and check in periodically. I had to wait over 15min to get my glass of sake refilled and on top of that, it wasnt the kind I ordered . By the time we finished our meal I was too peeved to order desert so we bounced.Maybe we just had the wrong waitress so I'm open to giving this place another shot. Food and service aside, Buddakan is like a palace - huge and beautifully decorated. Now I get what all the hype is about.
What can I say.  Probably one of the best meals I've had.  From service (by our fantastic server Janette) to the atmosphere - the whole experience was wonderful.  A group of friends and I traveled to NY and made sure to include this in our itinerary.  Originally there just to visit Dale from Top Chef, we were awed by the décor - modern, but cozy and the whole place had certain warmth to it.  We had drinks (from their extensive cocktail list) by the bar as we waited for our table and within fifteen or so minutes we were seated at the downstairs dining room (remember Sex and the City clip of Carrie and Big's engagement party).   A party of 6 food enthusiasts, we opted for the prix fixe menu which consisted of family style dishes.  Luckily, it was pretty easy for all of us to agree on the type of menu - the one with the most food and the best choices.  Every single dish we had was delicious!  From the edamame dumplings (which are a must - thanks to our server for packing us a little box for a late night snack) to the beef with brown butter sauce (if I did not have manners, I would have drank the butter sauce if not asked for a jar to take home with me) - nothing disappointed.  I must add this in though - although I say nothing disappointed - the dessert didn't wow any of us, but it may be because the courses prior to dessert were just so good that nothing would have compared (unless we repeated the whole dinner again).  Once we got the bill, it was as expected - large.  But, unlike most of the places I've been to - I felt that the whole experience and meal, were well worth it and I would not hesitate going back again (even if that means hopping on a plane cross-country).  It's a must for anyone visiting New York. Must trys: edamame dumplings, steak with brown butter, lobster eggrolls, spicy crab
Perhaps we should start w/the story of how I ended up here in the first place.  A good friend of mine who's much deeper in the pockets than I made reservations for a first date here.  Must be nice, right?He hadn't heard from her all day so us being the boys that we are, he hit me up about an hour and a half before the reservation  put me in her spot as a substitute date.  He really wanted to go anyway, so canceling the reservations wasn't an option.  In exchange for my charity, he comped the dinner  told me to order anything I wanted.  w00t!Our table wasn't immediately ready, so we ordered drinks at the lounge.  I drank the Fate all evening.  Very, very nice.  It's elderflower, pineapple,  prosecco.  Yum! :)  He drank the tranquility which is citrus vodka w/lemongrass infused oolong tea.  It must've been good b/c he stuck w/that too. As for the meal---everything tasted good.  I don't even need to go into a thorough description of every dish; I'll just tell you now it's good, and you will like it. Me: Crispy Duck Spring RollsSweet  Sour Chicken Him: Hunan Beef Bao BunsMao Poe TofuDessertOrange Scented BeignetsCouldn't touch that Mao Poe Tofu (Ko don't do pork), but I did eat a Beef Bao Bun  damn those bunz b good. Outside of the dining experience, the staff was excellent, and the decor is top notch.  The music was also very hip and I heard everything from obscure house mixes to Pete Rock  CL Smooth.  Loved it, loved it, loved it. I'd go again...under like circumstances.  Otherwise, I'll always have that day where I +1'd my way into a fine dining experience.
This place is one of my favorite!!! Ambiance is SUPERB, presentation SUPERB, food DELICIOUS!! The set up alone will want you coming back for more! I love this place.  The general tso dumplings are a must have as an appetizer and the snapper was a great main dish also. My husband had the shrimp and loved it! All in all I would recommend this place and cant wait to go back.Note: the book up fast, ALL THE TIME and waiting to get a table can somewhat be a pain
