Great spot! Travelled there 3 times from Forest Hills, and will go again. Quiet enough for a conversation, amazing music in the background, excellent food and friendly service. It is a must.
We stopped here today out of the blue! The restaurant was nice and food was good. Highly recommend the BHUNA GOAT  for those that like spicy food (make sure u say you want it spicy ) mango lassi was also delicious!
Been here a few times now and I must say this place is excellent 5 stars for ambience and decor. The restaurant is filled with pretty paintings and a freshly rose painted wall. The table glass are small cute cups and the serving dishes add an element of authenticity.  5 stars for service. Both times I have been here the servers have been attentive, given recommendations, and friendly.  They seem to take a pride in their food. Now for the food, the momos are tasty and a must. I mean why go for nepali if not to eat momos. The tiki masala, Himalayan curry, and biriyani are also very flavorful. i would suggest medium spicy. Spicy is too much for a mere foreigner like myself. I would also suggest the lamb as a meat. And to top it off, 5 for price. Paid 77 for 4 main courses, 2 orders of momo, and 4 orders of nam. Highly recommend- yours truyl, FeedMD
Lovely looking restaurant. Very good host. We ate chicken thali, fried chicken momos and mango lassi. The food was scrumptious, light on the stomach and absolutely great on the wallet. The host was very welcoming, warm and polite so was our server. We will definitely come back soon. Must visit !
Food was phenomenal. I had a BBQ lamb sandwich that was absolutely scrumptious. Furthermore, the haneed was the most tender meat I have had in such a long time. I highly recommend Maya
I finally stopped by Maya yesterday and I must say I was very pleasantly surprised. The food was very good, much better than other Indian places around the area. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and delicious! I always try the chicken tikka masala on my first visit at any Indian restaurant as a baseline, to see if anything else is even worth trying. The naan was also really good and they served a nice portion of rice as well. The samosas we had were fresh and they very tasty also. We also had the chicken malai; this was cooked well and was decent. Give them a try!
The food is fresh, delicious, packed with flavor not oil, and the service -both in the restaurant and delivery-is really friendly and efficient. Wish they offered half portions for curries/dal.
Happy to have you in the neighborhood. Momos are great! The staff are friendly! I have to try the rest of the menu but I'm giving you 5 stars already.
Sooooooo delicious. Nepalese food is authentic and tastes amazing. The servers were great. I will be coming here a lot
I like this place but the portions are very small. We ordered an entree with a couple of appetizers. If people are buying a $12 entree, they should get more than a pints worth of food. When you buy Chinese food, $6 gets you a quart, so $12 should get you even more. Even at other Indian or South Asian restaurants you get the right portion for the price. That's why I was shocked about the small portions and don't think prices are equated correctly. Is this even right in the food and restaurant world? They should do something about prices reflecting portions right. Other than that, this is a nice place and they serve good food. But they're stingy with the portions.
It is one of my favorite South Asian places in NY. A spacious and cozy ambience, friendly and welcoming people, and delicious food makes this place a fantastic place to visit!
My boyfriend and I were getting exhausted, walking around Steinway St. to find a place to grab dinner until we discovered Maya. As you walk in, you'll notice how spacious and cute the restaurant actually is. Turn your ears on to listen to the music they play, it can be pretty soothing. I wanted to try a few items on the menu, but we ordered the chicken makhani, butter naans, and lamb biryani. Tasting the biryani at South Asian restaurants is always a must. The owner asked how spicy we wanted the biryani on a scale of 1-10. We picked 8, but on a scale of 1-10, the biryani tasted like 100. All of the items were actually perfect and very filling. The combination of the naan and gravy from the chicken makhani was a classic. The food was much better than the typical Indian restaurants around South Asian neighborhoods. The lighting is great too, not dark or dim like other places. I also appreciated the friendliness of the staff, they seemed to be genuine. I would definitely come back and try more food on their menu!
I totally love this brand-new restaurant in Astoria. Amazing food and a really friendly service. If you wanna try something a little bit different from the usual Indian food (that I love) go to this restaurant: Nepali cuisine is delicious.
Amazing food and service and affordable. We have already returned several times and have not been disappointed. We're lucky to have this new restaurant in Astoria.
When I come to Queens I usually always eat Mediterranean cuisine. Today I was too hungry to look around and walked in Maya Restaurant and Bar. The only thing I can say is WOOOOWWWW. The food was beyond flavorful and delicious and the service was top notch!!!!!
I finally came I'm here the other day after passing many times. I wish I had come in a long time ago.  The best Indian food I've had in a long time, and very friendly service.
I took a large party of 12 here and had the most amazing time. Babu took care of us, recommending delicious traditional Nepalese dishes and explaining the dishes, the culture and history. The food was fantastic. Even picky eaters enjoyed! Definitely give this place a try.
We had a great dinner here with a large group of 13. The owner, Babu, was very personable and talked to us about Nepal and explained all the different dishes we shared. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
This place is great! My 4 buddies and I went into here for lunch and all of our food was fresh and made to order. If you are looking for a great place to drop in and have a great meal, this is the place for you.
Had dinner here with friends last week. We ordered vegetarian items and everything was excellent!!! The three of us were all talking about how delicious the food was the next day. The flavors were complex but not overpowering. Can't wait to return for another meal!
My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and just happened to pass by one day and walked in. Best decision of the day! The Malai Kofta is to die for and the momos are delicious! We've come back several times and never leave disappointed.
My friend and I were looking for a new restaurant to try and we're so incredibly glad we found this one! It was a Thursday afternoon when we entered and we were greeted by a kind and polite waiter (the owner came later and he was very respectful and hospitable). The menu had a plethora of dishes to try but we were really excited to try Nepalese dishes. I ordered the Steamed Chicken Momos. The dough was PERFECT and I could tell that it was made FRESH. It wasn't too thick or too thin, and the color was spot on. In addition, the filling was juicy and it had the right consistency of firmness and chew. It was also seasoned well. It was served with an orange sauce which I wasn't familiar with, but it paired very well with the momos. My friend ordered the Chicken Thali and it was AMAZING! The naan was freshly hot, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. The rice was perfectly cooked and light. The curries were amazingly seasoned and flavored with spices that danced so well with the naan and rice. The side of greens added a freshness and balance to the curries. My friend has been to India and it reminded her of the food she had when she was there. I highly recommend this place. They've definitely earned 5 stars.
