Absolutely phenomenal! We came here at the request of our friends who live in the area, both my boyfriend and I eat Indian food whenever we get the chance. (Read: A LOT)Masala box delivered on every level - quality staff, great, affordable drinks with a great selection and phenomenal food.A good mix of traditional and non-traditional dishes, all with a twist for the American pallet without any compromise on flavor (or spice when needed!)Between us we had chicken 65, samosa chaat, rock on shrimp, daal palak (spicy version), chicken tikka masala, chicken korma and lamb vindaloo. All were fresh and delicious - augmented by naan made in a more roti style without a tandoor, but with all the texture and taste of a traditional naan and the classic puffed bread, poori. I would recommend this to anyone and will be coming here again - a lot!A special mention also has to go the raspberry ginger beer!
Tasty Indian fusion and a good full alcohol bar (yeah!) I am deducting a star because it is a tad pricey and the duck appetizer with two sauces was good, but the duck was overwhelmed by the sauces - the sauces were great, but for $12, I like to taste some duck.
Crossed this spot from my friend Andrea G's list to try. We sat at a half booth with a chair table. The decor was very modern and love the open kitchen. Our server Mandeep K. was very friendly and attentive at our table. The table next to us left and a gentleman moved a table next to us so we have more space for our food.Drinks: Mango Lassi (2)Bread: Stuffed Naan with Cheese (1)Entree: Chicken Tikka Masala w/white rice (1)...my friend's order and Lamb Vindaloo w/brown rice (1)...my order Dessert: Trifecta Mousse (1)...my friend's order and Mango Flan (1)...my orderWow my Lamb Vindaloo definitely hit the spot and it was spicy but my sinuses thanked me for letting them breathe again lol. I tried my friend's dish and it was pretty yummy because its less spicy than mine. I made sure that I have room for dessert. When Mandeep K. mentioned Mango Flan, I know that's the only thing I want in my belly. I suggested my friend to order the Trifecta Mousse. That first spoon of my Mango Flan was like heavenly.  I told Mandeep K. that the flan is making sweet love to my tongue haha. Mama definitely LIKE!!! My friend's dessert was definitely airy and fluffy but I am a FLAN kind of girl :-) Definitely a MUST TRY YO!!!!
Despite living three blocks away, I had often passed by but never got around to coming in. So when Groupon started offering a deal, I jumped on the chance and brought my brother on a Tuesday night. Very nice modern interior that isn't over-the-top, with a quiet atmosphere perfect for conversation. And while you'd expect a newer restaurant like this to have a fusion menu, the majority of your options are your favorite classic Indian dishes!The lamb simosas were crispy, seasoned well, and complimented very nicely by the accompanying two sauces. As for the stuffed naan w. paneer, it was quite savory and not as oily as we were expecting. I could snack on these all day! Their chicken korma entrée is spicy and very flavorful, just how we like it, served in a surprisingly large portion with brown rice on the side. And the chicken biryani has a good blend of ingredients, not one overpowering another, and they don't skimp on the meat at all.Ultimately, I think they made the most out of a small corner space on Bell Blvd. I appreciate how Masala Box is meant to appeal to a younger crowd in their mid 20s to 30s, yet still keeps to its roots with an authentic menu. They even offer a few cocktails and craft beers! Our waitress was fantastic, a great example of what I wish service was like everywhere, and really made the experience for us. Will definitely return!
Visiting from out of town, our party of six ordered a wide variety of dishes to share among ourselves. Everything was delicious! Samosas appetizers were great. Service was friendly and courteous. I loved sampling many dishes that I never would have tried on my own. Looking forward to the leftovers tomorrow.
This was one of the best Indian meals I have had in a long time. The restaurant has a classy modern feel to it. Cool music and interesting menu. We will definitely be back
Food was delicious and the service was great. Although they're a bit on the pricey side, the portions of the meals are large. Many options to choose from and even has a bar. Will come again!
We were in Bayside, craving for some good Indian food & looking to try some new places. After reading a lot of great reviews about this place, we decided to check it out for dinner. We were here for an early dinner around 5:30pm. The place wasn't busy at all when we got there. Our waiter was very polite. The service was great! He was very attentive, asking us about how's the food & our water glass was never anywhere near empty! We ordered the chicken tikka masala, the vegetable manchurian, the malai kebab, the chili naan, & an order of plain naan. The vegetable manchurian was good but it's not authentic. It's more of a fusion style but well it's still pretty good. The malai kebab was really good, tons of flavor & tender. The chicken tikka masala was good but not great. When we were asked if we want it to be mild or spicy, we told them that we want it to be spicy but well, it's not spicy at all, which is somewhat of a disappointment. The chicken tikka masala came with a side order of white rice. They were definitely quite generous with the rice. There was a lot of rice! The chili naan & the naan, both were somewhat of a disappointment. Yes, it was soft but the chili naan is not spicy at all. You can't really taste the chili. The naan here is tiny compare to other Indian places that we went. 4 stars from us because even though the food was good, somehow we left feeling somewhat unsatisfied with our meal there. If it was based on the service alone, it would've been an easy 5 stars! The service here is excellent! All in all, the food here is still pretty good. It's worth stopping by. It's a great place for a date night.
Not my style, but I love the curry chicken, it is better to take out, because you are no need to try other foods.I recommend call and order for take out. just order curry chicken and chill naan, good enough for one day eat.
Worst Indian restaurant I have been to, food was very bland, we asked for medium spicy but it tasted as if it wasnt even mild spicy.  Mango Lassi tasted as if you can buy it from the dairy section in an Indian supermarket.  Ordered the Chicken Curry which tasted more like a butter chicken/chicken tikka masala.  The service was okay but nothing special at all, I would never go back here again.
Everything about this place is amazing. The food is absolutely delicious, i got the bhanu lamb mild and it's perfect. Everything is modern and up to date. It's a beautiful restaurant. All of the workers here are so kind and treat you so nice. If i lived closer i would come here every week. I can't complain about anything. i had the best experience here. i'm definitely coming back.
Nope. Cheap, low-quality Indian food masquerading as some sort of exotic culinary experience.          (Indian Tapas...?)Was very hesitant to try it ever since it opened, but after craving Indian with my family, we collectively decided to try it out.We ordered a delivery of Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo, Samosa (Potato & Pea), and Garlic Naan. Delivery came on time, but I really wish it wouldn't have come at all.The Vindaloo was acrid and tasted like acid. No flavor, just blegh. The Tikka Masala was below-average. Flavorless, sweet sauce that had a gross powdery after-taste. No taste of garlic, ginger or onion. Just a soupy mess. The samosas were bland and oily.The bread must have been the most disappointing of all. $4.00 for a tiny portion of flatbread, not naan bread, that tasted like it was cooked hours ago and kept under a heating lamp.Indikitch, a CHAIN RESTAURANT, has better Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Samosas. We paid close to $60, and it was a massive waste of money. Never again, and I've more or less given up on finding good, authentic Indian food in NYC. I don't mind paying a higher price, but the quality better be there--in this case, it wasn't.
this is the second time I was here and I really love it ! the server was so nice and super friendly. The food has been spot on each time !
The service here is great and the prices are fair considering the amount of food you get. At Masala Box you get a bit of an American twist with authentic Indian food. This is definitely a good place eat Indian food if you are new to the cuisine. They give you a level of spiciness option with each dish so you never get thrown off by spice. I also really appreciate that they have a symbol next to eat dish that is vegan or vegetarian.
Excellent food loved it..  Malai kebab was a  bit disappointing..  Loved the keema flutes,  Biryani, dal makhani and chicken tikki! Good level of spice and flavor..
The butter chicken was ok.. my son wanted that. However the chicken biryani was very mushy. The flavors were not fully there.
Went to this modern, uplifting restaurant with friends after one of our party had researched the place. Friendly and kind service, fresh food. Loved the mixed drinks and open kitchen. Only complaint is that they were out of a few things on the menu on a Sunday evening which was disappointing
Special place, great ambiance, food taste good, service little slow but nice and kind waiters.In general very good with active bar and traditional Indian food I love!
2 stars for the food! I'm sorry but this isn't good Indian food, the flavors and spices aren't there! It's too bad because this place deserves more stars for the location, decor and staff friendliness (4 stars)Great portions, a bit pricey for being a queens bell Blvd spot too comparable to city prices
This is my new favorite place for Indian Cuisine, my friends and I found this online & loved the owner's back story. We were not disappointed with the food or service & they have an original, tasty drink menu. I cannot wait to go back & already know what my next meal will be... Check this place out, you will not be sorry
We've ordered takeout from Masala Box before and always enjoyed the food. But last Saturday, I  dined inside with my husband and older son.  Started off with a delicious bowl of mulligatawny and shared some chicken Bombay Frankie ( Kati rolls). A filling appetizer bursting with Indian spices and exotic flavor. My husband and son both ordered Chicken Tikka Masala. The chicken was tender and the sauce was creamy with the spices complimenting each other for a flavorful dish. I ordered the veggie dish Makhani Dal with brown rice. Very nice dish. Next time I'll request a little more heat. Our waiter was a doll and extremely pleasant and friendly. He was always attentive to our table; filling our water glasses etc. for dessert, he suggested the special of the day which was guava eclairs. Yummy!!! Will definitely return to this lovely & retro decorated restaurant.
Yum yum yum. This place is a really good local indian spot. Just had the lamb korma medium spicy. Omg. Also I've had the tomato coconut shrimp. So good. Doesn't disappoint! Don't miss the wings - they are a really good appetizer.
Recommend the masala shrimp-shrimp was very fresh and sauce had a nice coconut flavor.  Taking out was not a good call for the fish pakora. They should have put a hole in the lid to let out the steam so the fish didn't get soggy. The sweet potato fries were also too starchy. The scallops were overcooked and the garlic mash was gummy. The cheese in the paneer saag was good. The naan was flat-more like roti. Maybe they have other bread that are better.
I was in the neighborhood right around dinner time, but in one of those terrible moments when I had no idea what I wanted.  (Don't cry for me; I survived.)Masala Box has been around for a little over a year, I believe, but I'd never stopped in.  I needed to get something to-go, so all I can really speak on is the food.While it wasn't bad, I wasn't blown away by anything I had:Lamb Biryani: Large serving size, good amount of meat.  Even though I got the mild version, it still had a kick.  But the flavor was lacking.  I will say that I ate it again the next day, and it actually worked better - maybe the extra time gave the spices enough time to really seep in.Chicken Curry:  A little bit bland for my taste.Garlic Naan:  Their naan is thicker and doughier than the lighter, crispier naan I am used to.I'll echo what others have said about the nice ambiance and friendly service, but I'll probably give other restaurants that I haven't been to yet a first shot before giving Masala Box a second.
Nice Ambiance, friendly staff, good food. I am giving this 3 stars because the food is good, but not worth the price.Our waiter was great, gave us time to decide our meals, was helpful in suggesting what to have for our meal and how big the portions were.We started off with the potato/pea samosas, the gobi phataka (cauliflower in spicy sauce) and the cheese naan. The samosas and gobi were good. The cheese naan reminded me of a grilled cheese. For an entree we had the chicken tikka masala and chili cheese naan. The naan went well with dipping in the masala sauce. This entree was a nice size to share and they give you a good amount of rice and chicken. However when it came to the masala sauce. It was OK, my mother enjoyed it and its smoky flavor. However I felt it was mediocre. It wasn't terrible, but if I was to come back, I would order something else. I am glad I finally got to check this spot out, but if I am to have Indian food again, I would rather go to Ayna Agra a few blocks up.
This place is always tasty no matter what I get.  Not traditional Indian cuisine... I mean they have crab cakes on the menu.  They are very good and I have really liked everything I have tried.  I always look forward to eating there.  They don't get 5 stars simply because it is on the pricy side for chicken, rice, and bread.  If price is not a factor you will not leave there disappointed!
We've ordered at least 5 more times and tried the baigan Bhurtha which was delicious as well as the malai kofta - creamy deliciousness. Would opt to order more of the veg dishes than the meat ones as the spices are superb!
Came here once when they first opened.  Not bad.  Nice plates, but I really think the portions are way too small and food is just okay.  I prefer AGRA a few blocks down for both service, food, quality, authenticity.   This place is more modern age?
AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS FOOD AND EXCELLENT SERVICE!! We - 6 of us - from out of town decided to take a chance on this place (looks very cute from the outside) while wandering on Bell Ave. We found all our favorite traditional Indian dishes here like classic chicken curry, chicken biryani (OH MY GOODNESS ), and paneer saag as well as some creative new twists like the mushroom and cheese samosas with tamarind, mint and mango dipping sauces. Holy moly every single dish was enough to feed two and suuuuuuper tasty. The owner Ashvani was also so sweet. ABSOLUTELY RECOMMENDED!!
The food is good. No doubt. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was very good. The thing is is that 1. $16 was way too much money to charge. Even the places in Manhattan are cheaper than that. And 2. The rice was too small. It came in a tiny deli size container. I had more than half of the chicken dinner left by the time the rice ran out, so if you order delivery make sure you ask for an extra order of rice with each dish. The prices were really insane. $8 for samosas? I mean give me a break! Please lower your prices otherwise I definitely won't order from this place again. Please see my photo in the photos section.
Went here tonight for an impromptu date. I got to choose so we went with Masala Box and we were not dissapointed. I've been waiting for the right time to introduce my man to Indian food and he thoroughly enjoyed it, which made me happy.We had the special as an appetizer, a duck soft  taco type of dish with 2 different sauces to try- it was eaten very quickly. Also had the cheet Simosas, which had some tanginess from the chick pea salad with a hint of raw onion that was layered on crispy simosas which had some sweetness with a flaky finish. Very nice with a glass of wine, the man went with a tasty beer.Sorry may not be spelling the dishes right and this pic is the signature rice dish-I can't remember the name of it.
Nice looking place. Love Indian food but not a lover of their style of food. Some on the money and some fell short. Not sure if I go back
The food is fresh and delicious.  The ambiance is modern with excellent service.  It wasn't too crowded for a Saturday night.  The price is right for the quality food given.  Portions are on rhe large size but served family style.  This is an excellent place for Indian but with something for everybody
There are only two Indian restaurants on Bell Blvd. This one is too "Americanized". Reach and creamy curry. If you like more authentic, this restaurant is not for you.
This is the new Indian restaurant in town.  My wife and I like the food at a different nearby Indian restaurant just a wee bit more, though I have to say, the difference is slight, but the difference in service between the two is great.  I like the service at this place much better, be it a busy Friday night in the summer, or a quiet Wednesday night in the winter. If you like a restaurant that's lit up well, and not dim (romantic? bleh), this place will work well for you.I can confirm what Dina P. said... they charge $2 for an extra bowl of rice, and that does seem a little bit silly when the Chicken Tikka Masala is not on the inexpensive side.  But hey... the water was free! :DSince my daughter likes the food at this place much more than at the other local joint, and there's such a difference in service, we'll only be going to Masala Box going forward.
Ordered food to go, very tasty. The chutneys they give with the food were outstanding. Place has a cute decor and appears to be well kept. A little pricey for take out so I would suggest having your food there. Server seemed to be pleasant.
A quiet atmosphere with very tasty food. This was my first taste of Indian food and I know I willBe back. The server Mandy was very knowledgeable about how the food was prepared. She helped me through the ordering process and made some really good suggestions! There were  many vegan and vegetarian options which made us happy!
Great people and great food. Mandeep is a great host. Friendly courteous service. Great prices. Authentic taste.
I ordered Chicken Korma, Meat Samosa and garlic Naan and I thoroughly enjoyed the combined taste!! Definitely recommend!
Enjoyed various aps, all were on-point. Try Branzino entree.Great service from the staff and bartender as well.
I remember being super excited to come here, but it was a bit disappointing.  The restaurant was well decorated, but that's pretty much it.  The air condition vent was right above me so I was cold throughout my meal.  My server was obviously a first time employee.  I gave my order and had to repeat it after going to the bathroom and he didn't come by to refill my water.  But he was trying hard and was extremely nice so it wasn't too bad.The food is the main reason I wouldn't come back.  My indian spiced rice with lamb was extremely dry and bland.  Without the yogurt sauce, the dish was like eating tiny pebbles.  The lamb was alright, but I had a few pieces that was all fat and had to spit it out.  ALSO, my friend's dish, which was the same as mine except with chicken, was HALF THE PORTION of my dish.  We both ordered from the dinner menu so I don't know why hers was only half the size for the same price.  The stuffed naan was alright.  Kinda tasted like a cheese quesadilla.  I would NOT come back...
Ordered food here for delivery and they forgot the samosas. Called the place back and the delivery guy made it seem like we're lying. They said they'd refund the money, but they were so busy I bet they're gonna forget too. The food was shitty, literally. Made both parties have an upset stomach. The quality of meat was probably gross which is why we both got sick and on the verge of food poisoning.
Saw the reviews and pictures for this place so decided to check it out for dinner. Expected authentic indian cuisine. Nothing was what I expected. It's more like indian fusion. We ordered the appetizer dishes Bombay Frankie and the Rock on shrimp and ordered the Chicken Biryani entrees. Everything seemed mediocre. The Bombay Frankie was basically a chicken burrito and the rock on shrimp was breaded the shrimp. The sauces were the only thing that was tasty. The chicken biryani entree basically looked like chicken and rice. We got mild and hot sauce on the side. The hot sauce was no joke... definitely one of the spicest sauces I've ever tasted but it was good! Would probably come back for lunch because apparently they have a sampler
Food is simply amazing. Authentic with a modern twist with bold flavors. Also our server Jessica is a gem. Great service makes the food taste that much better. Crab cakes on point and loveeeeee the chick pea plate and their bryianni!!! You guys need to stop on and try this place. Delicious!
Hands down one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to. The food is made to order, fresh and seasoned very well. Being from Manhattan, we have frequented many Indian restaurants and this is by far my favorite. I am very particular with regards to food and restaurants, masala box is meticulously clean, the service was great and the food was phenomenal. I rarely write reviews but this was really a special place and I will be back. Come to Manhattan please!
It'll be a year and a half...and this favorite (or should I say "old time" favorite) still delivers with the same energy and consistency in its cuisine that it did the first time I walked in.  To say this of any Bell Blvd, Bayside business is indeed something.  Consistency is something many talk about, but very few actually execute as expected.  I love this place and encourage everyone to come over to enjoy (or experience for the first time) some wonderful authentic and genuine Indian cuisine.
Love this place I'm here now. Any yelpers in the house come say whatup. So clean trendy bright modern and amazing. Food is seriously the best.Nice upbeat twist to traditional Indian restaurants, staff is awesome and attentive. Generous portions, definitely needed this type of place in the neighborhood now we don't have to go all the way to Astoria for good Indian food. HOOKED!!
Love this place!! Authentic, clean, delicious food.  I have turned friends on to Indian food only with this place.  Perfect amount of spice.  The only issue I had was that they bring each dish one at a time, rather than at the same time.  This leaves some people eating, and others waiting.  I got my food once everyone else was almost done.  However, it was so delicious that it was worth it.
Came here when it first opened and for a newer restaurant on Bell Blvd. the food wasn't special. First of all, how does an indian place not have garlic naan? The cheese naan the manager suggested was too cheesy and didn't complement our entree. The lamb biryani had dry pieces of lamb and missing the bold flavors. I'm not eagered to go back...check out Agra instead.
The food is excellentand the restaurant is spotless very cleanthey have the best indianfoodand freshmadedaily
Been there a few times and always pleased with he service. Just tried the white wine sangria and it was great! The food is consistently great. Just worried people will catch on to the great flavors and diverse approach....and the secret will be out.
Today was our 4th time eating at Masala Box and the food and experience seem to get better each time. the restaurant is not fancy but clean and bright. The waiters really seem to enjoy and are proud of serving their delicious food. The chef/owner came out this time with her big warm smile and made us feel even more welcome. Today we shared the wonderfully tender lamb bhuna, chicken biryani and my favorite, the kheema mutter. You won't be disappointed.
Server was sweet. Place is cute. They have a full bar. Samosas were good. Saag was okay. The tomato based foods were abhorrent to me. Ketchup? The base of some dishes is almost certainly ketchup or some other sweet, vinegary tomato paste. No visible veggies in the vindaloo. It wasn't spicy at all. Fish was swampy tasting, covered in ketchup sauce with spices in it. Brown basmati wasn't cooked with spices.  Naan was pita-ish and smothered in ghee. What Indian restaurant doesn't have onion chutney or okra??? I'm confused by this place. I felt like we were eating Indian food in Kansas.
I rarely rave about restaurants, but Masala Box has become my go-to place when I am tired of eating at home, or when I am in the mood for some spicy food.  Their staff is courteous and helpful, the decor is modern/trendy, and the food is consistently good.  Their serving size is generous, and so far, everything I tried at Masala Box has been tasty.  I need to mention that at this point, I have tried most of their tapas and a number of their entrees.  My personal favorite is their Vegetable Biryani: It looks good and tastes even better.  Just a fair warning though, their food can be really spicy.  I grew up eating spicy food and I love my food spicy, but I curb my enthusiasm for the level of spiciness when I am eating at Masala Box.  They have a good selection of beers as well.
Food was decent, nice atmosphere, a lil pricey for indian food.But atleast it taste decent.  I liked their scallop more then their chicken tikka masala....sooo yeah.  Crab cakes was nice too.......goat vindaloo, or was it lamb?  soso....service is decent, parking is averagely hard to find.  Nice date restaurant, I can give it that ;p.
This is my second review for Masala Box.The first time we came we thought the food was good but they'd just opened and the service was a little wobbly.We've been twice in the last few months and the food is even better than ever and the service kinks have been worked out.A really, REALLY tasty meal.My wife had chicken tikka masala and I had the spinach and cheese which was the absolute best of it's kind I'd ever had (and I've had it a lot).The menu has been updated a little bit in the last month and it all looks exciting.It's a kind of fusion/hybrid kind of thing but don't let that put you off.The flavours are authentic and the servings more than adequate.
Loved this restaurant! Pretty ambience/decor with a modern twist, and soft Indian music playing in the background. Menu includes everything from seafood & tapas, to classic Indian dishes, to housemade desserts, and Indian cocktails! All decently priced. Everything we ordered came out very quickly, and was fresh, flavorful and delicious! There are options for meat eaters, vegetarians and vegans. I was told they will be adding gluten-free options as well. Our waitress was super friendly and helpful, as were all the staff there. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning!
This was the single worst Indian experience I've ever had (and it's very hard to disappoint me with Indian food). There is nothing at all authentic about it.The food was definitely overpriced (especially for the portion size too). We got the chicken tikka masala (which really you can't go wrong with)... It was horrible. It came out cold and it was tasteless. We also got the saag paneer which also came out cold and tasteless. They also charge you for rice. I've never been charged for rice with my entrees at an Indian place (I've been charged for extra rice maybe but, I've always received 1 order of rice per entree). The naan isn't even worth mentioning so.. Yeah...Service? So unattentive. We had water when we first ordered and that was it for the night. It wasn't just that our server was unattentive, there were times when there's be absolutely no one on the floor.Will not be going back again. I will remain loyal to my fave bayside Indian place which is just a few blocks down.
We love this Indian place so much,  that we've come two weekends in a row.  Among appetizers,  the duck mastak is the most delicious, heavy -creamed roll with two sauces in my whole life.  The samosas are crispy and tasty, and the chicken tikka masala is out of this world. My wife,  who doesn't always feel like Indian food,  loves the tastes and feel of the place! Service is perfect,  and the family owners are lovely people.
The atmosphere is very inviting and the decor is amazing. The Food was okay. However, if you like authentic Indian food you will be highly disappointed!! Taste wasn't the issue but was really craving Indian food but left unsatisfied.
Was a bit hesitant to try this place based on reviews calling it Indian fusion and inauthentic. I found this to be not true at all and was glad to have given it a chance. Ordered a variety of dishes and was very happy with the quality of the ingredients and the flavors!The strong Indian spices are definitely toned down just a bit but it is in  NO way bland or unflavorful. Nor does it transforms the intended dish into something unrecognizable. I find the portions generous but not just that; the ingredients were not skimped on. Lots of chicken pieces in the chicken curries and so much spinach and paneer in the paneer sag etc. The non-curry dishes I ordered were not dripping with oil which I find to be case at most Indian restaurants. The vegetables in the vegetarian dishes were not over-cooked and mushy. Fresh good quality vegetables. Cut into just the right pieces. The rotis were nice and fluffy. The garlic roti had just the right amount of garlic. I'm used to just a ton of roughly chopped garlic spooned in the center of the bread without much effort but the garlic on this roti placed with thought and care. ( it's the little things that brings me back to a good restaurant) Honestly, I enjoyed everything about this place.
Love love the chicken biryani (really spicy) the only thing is their delivery minimum is 25/30 bucks which is absurd so I don't order there as much as I would like and that they open starting at 5 pm. Other than that no real complaints.
Please don't listen to rest of the review I would really love to say something nice about this restaurant but I can't the food is very bad. I think they should cook from there hearts just the way to put there hearts fixing the place with Decor. Paid 20 dollars for chicken Marsala. Chicken was hard like a rock. Please go to Burger King instead
The food is so good that I ate  half my dish before I realized I didn't take a picture!!!
Friendly staff. Great Indian food this side of Queens.  Ambiance has a boutique and modern feel to it.  Not your traditional Indian restaurant. Good place to hang out with friends. Has a good assortment of beers. Definitely worth the visit!
If you are looking for authentic indian food this is NOT the place! My husband and I are indian food connoisseurs.  He lived with an indian family and I have eaten indian food twice a week since I was 16.  This place is not good.  The tikka masala is tasty but not authentic at all...and tasty is generous.  THEY DONT HAVE A TANDOOR.  ...HOW CAN YOU MAKE TIKKA MASALA OR NAAN WITHOUT A TANDOOR???  The naan is literally packaged naan (maybe packaged gyro pitas) thrown on the flattop.  I also got the aloo gobi and it had no sauce and wasn't served with rice.  The best part of aloo gobi is the sauce to eat with the rice.  The Daal tasted like a mix between italian bean soup and chili.  It was missing all of the yummy indian flavors. The kicker to top off the sadness I was already feeling after  this disappointing. meal...the bill comes and they charged us $10 DOLLARS for a medium (to small) bottle of pelligrino....It took a lot for me not to complain to the owner....will not be back!
The service was the only downside of my visit here. Our samosas took wayyyy too long. I think our waitress forgot about them. It came out after we were done with our entrees. I got the typical chicken tikka Marsala and my sister got something called a paneer. It wasn't worth the wait, to be honest. I got a drink similar to a Bloody Mary except with a pinch of some Indian spice. It wasn't that great. It was super strong and super spicy. Oh, and no one ever came around to fill up our waters. Trying to get our waitress's attention for the check was another mission. Don't most places offer complimentary naan? Not Masala Box. Psh.
Came here for Sunday lunch and enjoyed it.  It's not your traditional Indian so it's a nice twist.  There are times on the menu that are very Indian like the chicken Tikka or fried fish.  The waiter and staff was very friendly.  Overall, I recommend this place.
Really enjoyed their Bombay Frankie--I got the lamb and it was savory, aromatic, with just a little bit of heat. Only $8 for something so filling.It was a bit messy to eat and just a tad greasy, but the fact that I finished it means I obviously didn't mind too much.Friendly, great decor, affordable, etc.
Beautiful decor and a sightly hip vibe with full bar service and excellent food. We have dined at this new place three times now and are seasoned Indian food lovers. I can definitely say the Chicken Tikki Masala, Samosas, and Chole passed with flying colors. The Punjab Chole has good heat and tamarind flavors. Tikki Masala was very a little on the mild side but completely addictive. The Lamb Biryani was 5 star with tender and excellency spiced lamb- a must order for lamb loversNow onto why I can't give them 5 stars .. yet. The restaurant is in some sort of pre-opening and does not  yet serve the full published menu. So you will have to wait for some of the more interesting "nouvelle" indian dishes. The staff is very friendly and welcoming but a little disorganized for a restaurant that was obviously are large investment. They also are not open until 5pm .. even on Saturday and Sunday!  They are missing big money in the Bayside lunch crowd. We have seen restaurants in Bayside close due to strange and unreliable hours - even when served great food. For the owners (and hopefully you read reviews about your restaurant): Get it together people - We want you to stay. Oh and ... get your website up already... what year is this??
Nouvelle Indian Cuisine The Masala Box is a brand new addition to the many restaurant options on Bell Bouly. I've been been driving by for months anticipating the opening. The atmosphere is refreshing and got a low lit Manhattan vibe. They have semi-open kitchen which adds a level of clean Indian integrity. Their wine list is limited. They only have house Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio, and Cabernet at about $7 a glass or $28 a bottle. I decided to go with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc and my boss aka girlfriend ordered the Cabarnet. We ordered the  $12 scallops to start. They were  six plump scallops sitting on top of a tomato sauce. I'd describe the tomato sauce as a Italian marinara sauce with a subtle kick of Indian spice. The scallops were slightly over done and a few pieces had some gritty sand on them but I still enjoyed them.The boss ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala which was disappointingly lackluster. First the temperature of the dish was off. It wasn't even warm and borderline cold. The chicken was dry and crumbly. The presentation was pretty but I rather have a sloppy looking flavorful dish. I would compare this crime akin to a glamorous Miss America pageant girl but doesn't know how to spell U.S.A. Forget the glamour, give me some flavor!I ordered the Paneer Saag. I really love me some saag and it's partner, paneer. However, the spicy swag associated to this dish was nowhere to be found. Usually the spiciness of the dish cuts the rich creaminess to it. Sadly, it was the mildest most flavorless saag paneer I've ever had. Even the tiny Trader Joe's microwavable saag paneer was tastier than this dish. An upside was that the portion was ginourmous. The best part of the meal was the house made bread. The cheese stuffed Naan was buttery flaky gooey awesome-ness. Both the boss and I agreed we loved it. The Poori which reminded me of a thinner version of a Navajo fry bread, was also delicious. The Masala Box should be renamed the Incredible Indian Bread Box. I think the dining experience had it's ups and downs but above average for a newly opened restaurant I would suggest they offer optional levels of spiciness for each dish that a few Indian restaurants do accommodate.
Bayside was being teased for months with the opening of this casual Indian food restaurant. After finding out they were open a friend and I decided to check it out. The atmosphere and decor are nice. It is very unique to the area and pretty comfortable. The service was great. It wasn't busy when we went, but the waiter was very friendly and attentive, and visited our table several times to refill our water and make sure everything was okay. We had the lunch special for $11, which is not a bad price, but I felt the portion of chicken could have been a little bigger. The sauce was delicious, the rice was cooked to perfection and the kachumber salad (which I've never had before) was awesome. We also split the stuffed naan bread, which was also pretty good on its own, but better dipped in the sauce. There were a few drinks that caught my eye so I'm definitely going back to try them.
Atmosphere is nice, the service was good. Food was good - nothing stand out, but the naan was surprisingly not good at all.  not only was it not complimentary, but it taste very artificial, and not home made, it might be a good fun place for drinks but food, i would pass.
Everything about this place is good except for the food which defeats the purpose of having a restaurant. It should be a bar instead.The ambiance is good, drinks are good, service is good but the food is horribly bland.It's like eating saltless boiled food. I don't like too much salt in my food so you know it was bad.Everything is basted in yogurt but not sauteed or seasoned enough. If I am paying $20 for lamb I expect it to taste good for that price. My wife has chicken tiki Masala which was also bland. Dessert was bland too.Overall I would describe this place as tasteless. Don't let the modern decor fool you!
Ate here today for the first time. It was amazing. The staff was great. The service was great and the food was fantastic! Especially the desserts! I would definitely recommend and I will for sure be back! ;)
Amazing Food and quick delivery.  Try the salmon tikka, paneer tikka, vegetable biryana, and saag paneer. Guranteed deliciousness
We found this place recently. If you are looking for quality fusion Indian food, this is the place to me. Staff and management are super friendly. Chef always makes an exception for my little one and make French fries(it's not in menu). So far we have tried almost all fish and vegetarian option, they are exceptionally good. Do not miss Kati roll, Salam biriani. Again I don't usually write reviews but food is so good I can't resist. Come quickly and enjoy
tikki masala was really good. This place would get five stars is they can improve their service time
This is one of my two favorite dining spots on Bell Blvd.  The food is fresh and flavorful and they will accommodate for dining preference in terms of spiciness - mild, medium, and very.  The food quality is very good and reasonably priced.  I've also always been happy with the servers and staff.
Let me preface this by saying that I have stomach issues; for some reason spicy food makes me ill...so when I went to Masala Box on Bell, I was nervous.  However, when I told the waitress of my issues and asked for "Mild"....I was blown away.  Just enough spice where I didn't feel like I was missing something and historically epic FLAVOR!! The scallops are cooked perfectly and come with a wine reduction sauce that is absolutely incredible.  Here's one more tip: Order the mousse for desert...trust me!Not the greatest parking by the way...but it's worth it if you could find a spot pretty close.
Meeting up w friends and one insisted on going for Indian food.  We recommended an Indian restaurant nearby when they so happened to park near masala box. So we ended up trying it for the first time ...And was not disappointed. The one dish I remember was-- the brazzino fish.  biryani and tikka masala was great, but the branzzino is what I will go back for. Great ambiance, great service.
I felt like I was going to die of old age waiting for the food. When the food came, I was disappointed by the small portions for the price I paid. Nonetheless, food was REALLY good. I got the rolls with chicken. In a way it was like chicken over rice in a wrap but without the rice. The place was really clean and had lots of seating. This place would be good for a mini lunch date or a lunch with a big (but not too big) group of friends.
Everything we ordered was heavenly, service is amazing and decor is so cute. The Masala Box is a MUST visit.
I went there on a rainy day, the atmosphere and service was great. I initially ordered the typical Indian staple items: samosas, chicken curry, naan, and a mango lassi. The waiter suggested goat curry which is something off the menu that was good that day so we ordered that as well as substituting the naan for a thinner, more traditional bread. I'm typically not a fan of lamb so I didn't know how this goat meat would turn out but I was pleasantly surprised. The curry tasted good yet authentic and the naan substitute was a very good texture as well. Would definitely recommend!
Not worth a trip here. The food is lackluster. Had a few dishes including shrimp dishes, aloo paratha, noodles, and rice. Even the simplest of dish, the brown rice left a bad taste in our mouth. Everything tasted terrible. Overpriced and no effort in making food tasty. Two stars are only for the cleanliness and decor.
Amazing food! Great place for authentic and modern Indian food! Good service and drinks to boot .
Love love love! Great food people and service. It was slow when me and my husband went but had a great experience. We had the olive naan, shrimp masala, samosas and a chicken app. Delicious.
I waited forever for this place to open, talking to the owner about my excitement as they readied for business, so it's a profound disappointment.The first time I went I ordered aloo gobi which, alas, doesn't begin to compare to curried potatoes and cauliflower I make at home.  I tried some other things that night and on a subsequent visit.  Two things stand out: (1) nothing tastes or smells of curry (been to Indian restaurants in a number of countries and only at this place do waiters find no reason to ask, "How spicy do you want it?") and (2) the chunks of food hiding in the bland sauces are so small, so hard to locate, they're insulting.I originally intended to give Masala Box a third try, but two visits were much more than enough.
Full disclosure, I am no connoisseur of Indian food. I've been meaning to try this place since its right next to the Bayside  LIRR stop  where I pick up my wife.  The place is nicely decorated which sparked our interest to give it a try.It was a Tuesday evening and it was not crowded at all. The host and server were pleasant. After reading the the mixed reviews, I expected bland and small portions. For us, at least, it was the complete opposite! I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my wife ordered the Lamb Biryani. They come out in enormous bowls (my wife had to pack hers for lunch). She loved the flavor of her dish and I thought mine was fantastic. I ordered another bowl of rice to finish the sauce.  Portions were definitely not small. My wife really enjoyed her Lassi drink.Its not cheap but not overly overpriced. But we though it was fair. The drinks may add up and it was a big chunk of our bill. We had a pleasant experience and will be going back whenever  have a craving for indian food.
Really great restaurant. The staff is super friendly and the chef is flexible with orders. My friend doesn't like Indian food and he asked for a plain chicken and rice meal that they didn't have on the menu. The waitress told the owner who came to our table and helped us get exactly what we wanted. The food was great. I got a tilapia and brown rice. My sister got their signature dish (forgot the name). The naan was really good and soft. The desserts were also good, I got cupcakes, my friend got a cheese and milk dish.
I live in bayside. When we heard there's a new Indian restaurant opened up on bell, we got a lil excited. When we got there, it was just one family there and many servers around. They gave us the menu and then it took them forever to come collect our order. I must say the service there sucks! Also, when the food came, it was such a small portion for it being so pricey. And they messed up on our naan. Overall, I don't think I'm coming back here. I will be going to our favorite Indian restaurant, which is a couple blocks down.
The service in here is great! Staff is much more friendly than any other Indian  restaurant in Bayside. Food is legit.
This is foodie heaven! I am so in love with the modern indian menu offered at Masala Box. I've been here three times since it opened and everything I've tried on the menu has been amazing. So far, my favorites are the chicken 65 and the lamb chops. There is so much love and attention poured into every dish. I really appreciate the genius and creativity behind this restaurant. The wine and drink selection is up to par. One of the TOP 5 Restaurants in Bayside.
The restaurant is very clean, and full that was nice to see. We got a table with out a wait. Service was ok and so was the food. The Branzini came with so much sauce on top of it that you could not taste any of the fish. Would not mind if the sauce was good, but it was bland. Kurma  was really nice. If I lived in the neighborhood I would go back, but considering I don't I would not drive out there just for this restaurant.
An absolutely charming little place that goes out of its way to make you feel at home from the moment you walk in the door. My wife and I love Indian food and we were just blown away with how well seasoned and fresh everything was. The food was delicious and portions were generous. The cheese filled nan was absolutely outstanding. We will definitely be returning to this lovely place.
First time with fiance. Awesome atmosphere. Service was excellent! The waitress was very very nice! The food was absolutely delicious. We had the lamb and chicken biryani with bread and the masala sauce on the side. I had a mango and yogurt which was just right and not too sweet. I will be coming back!
Food was excellent,  very friendly people, & coffee was so good.
This restaurant has great food that's a little different from the standard Indian restaurant.  It has all the classic favorites but some unique dishes too.  The restaurant has great atmosphere and friendly staff.  There are 2 Indian restaurants in the bell boulevard area and I find this one to be much better than the other.  Definitely worth looking for parking on Bell Blvd.
Came here for the first time over the weekend with the boyfriend. The decor was nice, but we were surprised to see that the lights inside were still very bright, and the candles on the tables remained unlit; we came in around 8pm on a friday night.The service was alright but very very slow. While our waitress was friendly, there were lapses (forgotten straws, giving us the check when we asked for dessert menu, etc). We waited about 25 minutes for the appetizer to come out, and another 40 minutes for the entrees to be ready. A lot of Indian restaurants also offer complimentary papadum to offset the wait time, but not so at Masala Box. We kept ourselves busy twiddling our thumbs while we waited for the food.For the food, we got the samosa to share as appetizer....we've both definitely had better. It was lukewarm, not piping hot, so the potatoes inside were harder and not as flavored. It felt more like something that was heated from the freezer rather than freshly made. For entrees, we both got chicken tikka masala, one mild, one spicy. While it was very tasty, it didn't taste like "chicken tikka masala", which was disappointing. It's like walking into a Chinese restaurant, ordering General Tso's chicken, expecting to eat General Tso's chicken, only to end up with sweet and sour chicken...pretty good sweet and sour chicken, but not what you were anticipating. The texture of the sauce is a bit grainy, due to the herbs in it. It doesn't have that characteristic smooth yogurty sweet taste that tikka masala usually has; it's rougher and definitely has more of a kick, even with the mild version.Overall, there wasn't anything purely negative about our experience. However, when we combine wait time, price, service quality, and taste of food, it doesn't stand out as a place that we would plan to come back to. We might give Masala Box another chance, maybe sometime in the future when they've become more established and service/food is more consistent.
I hardly write reviews on yelp, but this place deserves a great review. Not only do they have great food, the drinks are also amazing! I loved the puri burrito! The dishes are so new and different I wanted to try everything. I guess I just have to go back!
I was waiting for this establishment to open for so long! And it was worth the wait. The interior is nice with a warm ambiance but they blast the AC. Service is excellent and attentive. I had the samosas, chicken tikka masala, and lamb biryani with Chloe. The samosas were not the best but the entrees were made to perfection and piping hot! I will come back for more
Went here on a saturday night, jan 18th. My husband and I love indian food and it is impossible to find in our neighborhood. I almost didn't go cause it was soooo cold that night but boy were we glad we did. Found a great little spot, small but friendly and knowledgable staff. Food was very good. will definitley be back to try something new. Had the standards, naan, samosa, chicken tikka masala, chicken byirani, all great. I hope they make it! was not that crowded for a sat night
This place is a true gem. The  restaurant is super clean the staff and owner are very nice especially mandy. More importantly the food was great. I cant wait to try more of the menu next time.
This place was so good! I feel like it's more modern Indian food than traditional but that's okay with me! The food was just a little spicy, but they have different selections of heat. The server was very attentive and sweet and was very informing about the menu. The decor was very cute but a little crammed. Would defiantly come back here soon!
Food was definitely on point. Friendly staff. Great ambiance. Get the chicken tikka masala and the steak. Both were amazing.
Just opened up recently and boy am I glad for a place in my neighborhood to get my tikka masala fix! Not too many options for Indian cuisine around here. This place is relatively small but decorated nicely and has a not-too-shabby bar. Mustachioed bartender also gives the bar a "I know how to make swanky drinks" kind of feel.  Try the rock-on shrimp appetizer! Food portions don't look large but they fill you up (I shared an app and an order of chicken biryani and chicken tikka masala with my bf and we were satisfied/borderline bloated by the end). Give this place a shot if you're looking for Indian food around Bayside.
As a connoisseur of Indian cuisine, I can confidently say this is one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to. The food is amazing, especially the chicken 65, which will blow you away! The service is very friendly and it has a great atmosphere. I cannot recommend this restaurant highly enough!
The service was ok but disgusting food. If your indian do not go here. The food is bland and not good tasting. Go somewhere else. Avoid at all costs.
Ate here Saturday night, sat at the bar. Great atmosphere and an interesting cocktail menu. We had the Rock Shrimp appetizer, very good, followed by the lamb chops, also very good served with a side of fried julienne okra.Finished up with the eggplant entree and a side of brown basmati rice.We really enjoyed this dish.I thought the food here was not typical, heavily spiced indian, but an Indian nouvelle cuisine, and really good!Defin worth a try and soooo much better than the other Bayside Indian eatery: Agra. That place is just awful. I am amazed how anyone could give it a good review
Extremely delicious--the Paneer Saag had a subtle flavor of garlic & green chile which was amazing. Waitstaff was assiduous and friendly. We really enjoyed our dinner, and the ambiance was lovely.
This is our favorite restaurant in Bayside.  We love everything from the service to the desserts.  The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  The menu changes from time to time, which allows for the tasting of various dishes.  We have never had a bad meal or drink and savor coming here after a long work-week.  The portions are also a nice size - always allowing leftovers to enjoy the next day.  Overall: absolutely delicious.
In their pre-opening limited offering we couldn't wait to try out their fare, it's a family run operation, we were greeted by the chef and other members of her staff -a warm bunch of folks. We ordered rock on shrimp, veg samosas, Chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, phallie,  pav bhaji, methi rotis and naans; unlike my past indian cuisine experience these entrees were immensely flavorful and had a healthier texture, their naan bread is similar to pita, nevertheless it complemented the dishes well. We ordered some of their signature mixed drinks, the vodka roo, snakebite, and JJM, which were awesome! We're definitely going to go back to try out other items and drinks.
I've only done take-out but I look forward to eating there.  The food looks beautifully presented in the photos I've seen.  The folks that take the order over the phone are extremely nice and never make you feel rushed.  They answer your questions and guide you as needed (ex: I hate bell peppers). The food is really flavorful but not overly spicy.  It arrives promptly and hot.  Bell Blvd is a tough spot to maintain a restaurant.  They come and go.  I hope this one stays!
Pretty disappointing. This is the 2nd time we ordered delivery from here. We ordered the samosas, which were ok themselves, but if you're going to give a tiny side container of the mango chutney sauce, at least fill the container more than a quarter way full; you get maybe a tablespoon of sauce for 3 samosas. Their naan is also not the standard fluffy naan you get at every other Indian place. It's more like a chapaati. The first time we ordered I thought it was a mistake, but tonight we received the same chapaati-like "naan." Also, they're real chintzy with their rice side portions. Give people a decent amount of rice with their food. It'll maybe add ten cents to the restaurants cost, but since they're seriously overcharging the customer anyway, they may as well leave their customer satisfied.  Portions are not great for the expense of the food. You're betting off ordering from somewhere else.
This place was a major disappointment. The Tikka Masala was a few small chunks of processed tasting chicken in a small bowl of mostly sauce (medium spicy had zero spice) for $16.00. My husband's cauliflower and potato dish had no taste and was also very small. They charge $4.00 for two little pieces of Nan with not much flavor. Service is very slow. We walked out of there disappointed and still hungry. If you want authentic Indian food with flavor, decent portions and a basket of delicious tasting Nan for your $4.00, go a few blocks down to Agra.
Despite looking like a trendy dig out of place in the Bayside neighborhood, the food is absolutely delicious and worth every penny. I went here with a date and we loved every dish we had. Opened with the calamari (weird for an Indian restaurant, but awesome), then shared palak paneer and lamb with mint sauce. While I'm usually a fan of spicy laid back Indian joints, this is the new fave.
The best Indian food on bell! Unbelievable flavors! Second time here and coming back soon. Vegetarian options are endless and delicious. Lollipop chicken as an appetizer is a must! Service is on point.
I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while but had put it off after reading some of the bad reviews here on yelp. I finally tried it & am happy to report the food was AMAZING!!! Some of the best Indian food I have ever had (& I eat Indian food very often). I ordered for take out the Saag Paneer & Punjabi Chole (both "signature dishes") and they were delicious, very flavorful, & traditional (but I would even say it was elevated from the average traditional restaurant, as if you had a 5 star chef cooking your traditional meal) (which I guess I did ;)  Each dish had just the perfect amount of spice & the portions in my take out order were very good sized. (Yay leftovers!!)  Many people here on Yelp compare it to the other Indian restaurant in Bayside but there is no comparison, Masala Box is MUCH MUCH better than that one!  Plus, even though they don't have a gluten free menu yet, they did check for me to make sure what I ordered was gluten free when I asked. Besides take out, I have eaten here multiple times since.my first order. Huge portions, nice specialty cocktails, friendly staff, & love the Bollywood music! Thank you for the yumminess!  :)
I was not a fan of this restaurant. I ordered delivery and got the samosas, chicken korma and naan. The naan didnt taste fresh. The korma was an odd flavor, not what I am used to and there were maybe 6 pieces of chicken in a whole container of sauce. The samosas were not good either. The only thing I enjoyed was the rice. I love indian food and was so excited that there is a place in bayside that delivers but this is not worth it. I would rather go out to agra and pick up their carry out.
Very delicious food and friendly waitresses. The lamb buna and chicken biryani were both excellent. Only downside is that they open only a few hours on weekdays for now.
Just got takeout from here today. The Salmon dish was delicious. Seasoned and cooked perfectly. Three pieces made for a nice portion. The Tikka Masala sauce and Olive Naan were equally good. Friendly knowledgeable service. Reasonable prices.
Very tasty. Wife and I shared a vegetable beriyani and a chicken saag.  Chicken was juicy and very flavorful.  The beriyani was very good as well. Atmosphere is light modern and comfortable. Def worthy of a go.
Service wAs excellent, food was just okay. Paneer naan was good.
I ordered a side dish of cucumber/tomato salad.  I received a 4 oz cup, mixed with basic spices.  I could have made this at home at an expense of about ten cents, yet I was charged $4.50 plus tax for this "side dish."  My brother got a dish of spicy chickpeas for $10, and that was also a fairly small portion.  I hope this place cleans up their act.  Not good.  If you're in the area for Indian food, go to Agra instead.
This is our absolute favorite Indian style restaurant and we eat there every week!  I say Indian style because the food is lighter and healthier than Indian food served in typical places. This food is very fresh and flavorful and not oily.  It is also very Vegan friendly which is important to me.   My favorite dishes are Baigan Bhurta (baked eggplant) and Bundgobi Mutter (shredded cabbage and peas).  Other diners in our family love the Fish Tikka and Lamb Vindaloo. I can't recommend Masala Box enough!
My boyfriend and I decided to go in even though it was a  full house...there were only two takes open.  You could tell the waiter was new but he was polite.  It took me 10 minutes to get my beer and then another 10 mins for my boyfriend to get his.  We reminded the waiter twice.  We ordered Samosa for appetizer along with what we wanted for our main course. After 10 mins the waiter informed us that they were out of the Sampras...so we ordered calamari.  After 5 minutes he came back again and said we had placed the they were out of those as well.  So we had to order something else.  The tables were starting to clear up.  They brought out our food after about another 20 minutes without our appetizers.  We asked where it was and the manager said that we had placed the appetizers order ate the main dish...what!?!? I Told the waiter to explain what had happened with that.  The apps finally came out and we finished eating...(oh..forgetting that the"manager" said "hopefully the taste of the food makes up for the waiting".  Don't think that is the appropriate thing to say to people who have had a bad experience already.  While waiting for the bill I said the only thing that would make up for this disaster is if they omitted an item on the bill add a courtesy.  We got the bill and saw that they did not and in fact...they also charged us for the camaro that they were out of.  The manager blamed the new guy...everyone was full of apologies...but that was it.
A few friends and I decided to come here for dinner on a Saturday night and I can honestly say it was amazing! The food, both taste and presentation, was exquisite. The drinks were delicious and large! The decor and ambiance was not something typical of a Bayside restaurant. It was more of a Manhattan vibe in a good way. The only thing is that the food took a little while to get to us even though the restaurant wasn't even half full. On top of that, the food came out at different times not all at once. But apart from that, it was awesome. The staff was really nice as well. Definitely going back!
I love Indian food and I cannot believe a wonderful Indian restaurant open less than 2 miles from my home. My problem with Indian restaurants in the past have been that the food seems like its just sitting in the kitchen in a big vat and seems over cooked or dried out. Masala Box is just the opposite! Their food is very fresh tasting AND looking. This place is also trying to be a bit more trendy and somewhat "Americanized" than the typical Indian restaurant which I appreciated. My husband and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala which was FANTASTIC and flavorful and did not have any chicken pieces that I had to spit out on my plate. We also had the Aloo Gobi (Cauliflower and potatoes) which was perfectly flavorful. Then we had Chicken Tikka Masala which was GREAT. Their different types on Naan are awesome. Then to top it off their rice pudding is the most yummy unique wonderful tasting thing ever. The staff was very nice too. I cant imagine that anyone would not enjoy this restaurant. Even if you don't understand Indian food, the staff easily explains the dishes and will help you find out what you would enjoy.
This restaurant is exactly what bayside needed. From Manhattan style ambiance to quality and tasty food. I was waiting for a good Indian restaurant to open around here and I got my wish. I went with some of my friends and we ordered a bunch of different things from the menu. I have to have my chicken tikka masala every time I go to an Indian restaurant. So I ordered that with the naan. It was so good the chicken practically melted in my mouth like butter. The naan is not the typical clay oven tandoor naan, but in my opinion I liked it better because the bread was softer and on the thicker side. I also like the fusion twist they had on their tapas menu. They have things like crab cakes and masala polpette which we ordered and were very tasty but they also have traditional samosas which was also very good. The manager informed me that they were still getting their inventory and staffing in place so their service might be a little slow but I didn't mind it. The ambiance is nice and so is the staff. Welcome to Bayside Masala Box. I can't wait to go back for some more!!!
