Doreen L. suggested we come here for family dinner and at first I didn't really know what to expect.  The place was a small parlor shop filled with people who love authentic Taiwanese cooking. Imagine folded tables and folded chairs and four family size spreads.  It really reminds you of coming off the boat in the U.S. and getting your first furniture to hold you over.There was a bit of a wait and we were sure how they would fit 6 for tables that fit four.  Luckily Mama Lee and the staff were super helpful and friendly rearranging the layout of the back area and adding extra chairs.The food is amazing!  We ordered the giant Lions Head meatballs which were juicy and packed with flavor.  The salted fried chicken which hit the spot and was nice and spicy.  The pork bone soup which on a cold day was nice and hearty and fills your body with warm, it had big cuts of daikon and carrots and it was very much homecooking style and it came out quickly after we order which helped us rest after waiting.The flounder with wood ear mushrooms and onions was an excellent texture with a coat of starch based sauce.  The string beans in mince pork was also very similar to home cooking that reminds me of how our mother used to cook.All in all, Mama Lee's delivers great Taiwanese and traditional Chinese dishes without fanfare that reminds you of the days when family means sitting down with your family in humble settings and just digging in on hearty comfort foods.
Beautiful & unassuming Mama Lees Walk into a faux-Chinese takeout place, get water from an office water cooler, and have authentic Taiwanese fare that will BLOW YOU AWAYPork Chop over Purple Rice:Topped with a pork mince and a vinegary egg, this was DELICIOUS. Simple can be deceivingly good. The rice was sticky, the pork Chop juicy, crisp but not oily, pork mince added hearty texture and the egg was awesome. HUGE PORTION MEANS LEFTOVERS. REJOICE PEOPLE. AGAIN I SAY, REJOICE. Come to Bayside for a tasty, unassuming meal, Mama Lee will hook it up!Recommended: Pork Chop (Taiwanese Style) over Rice
Mama Lee is delicious, home cooked, grandma's kitchen food. Mama Lee is so sweet and she made you feel like you were home. She doesn't try to rush you to anything, gives her genuine opinion on what's good, treats her customers like family. I had the pleasure of eating here, and experiencing a grandma's kitchen type of Taiwanese food. As most yelpers recommended, I ordered three cup chicken. We also ordered five spice beef dish, and salt and pepper flounder. The three cup chicken was delicious and savory. The sauce was so perfect and was really in every bite. Although I'm not a huge fan of beef, mama Lee made the dish taste great! The sauce was really good an it's best to take each piece of meat with the sauce. Lastly, the salt and pepper fish was amazing!! I generally love fried fish and mama Lee did not disappoint my high expectations. If you're around the area, or even if you're not around, mama Lee's is a place you should definitely stop by.
3.5 rounded up to 4 due to my personal biases (details to come).It took me a while to stop by Mama Lee. This wasn't because I was trying to avoid the hype, but I am not typically a fan of Taiwanese style cuisine (hence my personal biases). I knew that my opinion would be impacted so I waited until one of my Taiwanese friends came along to be a compass for me.Personally, the food was nice but a little bland to my personal taste. It was cooked and presented well. My friend approved of the food but did mention that some of the dishes could be better. He also mentioned alternatives to me in Chinatown.Overall, I enjoyed the experience. Everything that has been said about this place is true: family atmosphere, home cooking, high standards of personal service delivered by Mama Lee. We definitely over ordered so that we could try a lot of dishes and had leftovers, which Mama Lee repackaged for us. Until the next.
A super solid Taiwanese joint where Mama Lee actually acts like your mother. Like I tried to keep ordering and she was like, no that's too much food. And I was like, it's cool, I'll take it home, and she said it was already enough for that. She was right because our leftovers were basically half or slightly more than half of all those dishes.On the dishes, the lion's head meatball might be the best I've had and the 3 cup chicken is up there too. The lion's head was crazy fluffy and just mashed so well into the rice. The chicken was crispy and you could really taste the play between the three cups of sauce. The egg pancake with preserved radish that the NYT waxed about is pretty interesting and a little smokey from the heat it was pan fried in.At the end, I told Mama L that I came here because my mom in the Bay Area sent me an article about it and she was like "why would she do that? they have great Taiwanese food there." She also said that I needed more rice with my leftovers and just gave me some. She then tried to give me more soup to take home (there's always free soup included) and I declined because I already had too much. Oh and tax and tip are included and she wouldn't let me tip her more. Shoutout to Mama Lee.
Very reasonable prices, outstanding service.Mama Lee treats you like one of her own family. A little rough around the edges sometimes but you know she cares. She's striking up conversations with every table in the small joint, asking if they want more rice, or soup. She's personally packing away leftovers, including extra rice and stuff. While we were there, she asked a little girl about a drawing she made on a piece of paper. She was so impressed she took it and hung it on the wall right then and there. We ordered 三杯机 three cup chicken and 京都排骨 Peking Style Pork Chop. Both were yummy, but the three cup chicken was my favorite. Basil was fresh aromatic and chicken was crispy and glazed. Between those two dishes, refills on soup and rice for two people, we left very full. Guess how much total? $21. Yes that's right only $21. She didn't even let me tip. We had a mini tip argument and she insisted I pay as is.I asked Mama Lee why the restaurant is so elusive, and closed on certain days. She state health reasons. Bless that woman. Tips: Call beforehand and see if they're open. If you get the wonderful chance of eating here, you will not be disappointed. Random, but I always though Mama Lee was this old grandma. Actually she's not. She's pretty middle age. GOD BLESS YOU Mama Lee.
Mama Lee... just as you expect it to be, home cooking.  This is probably one of the healthiest Taiwanese places I've been to that serves your traditional Taiwanese dishes.  The place is really small so large groups will be hard to accommodate.  When we sat down you have to get your own water which was about two feet away from a water bubbler.  It's like home, you go and get your own drinks.  Our order was taken and when we added more to our order the lady will give you a tiny slap on your wrist if she thinks you are over ordering like any typical Asian mom who thinks you are over eating! The food came out and it was just the perfect amount so that slap on your wrist was worth it.  Everything tasted really good and not oily at all.  They do serve purple rice if you ask for it.  They give you some free dishes too.  For dessert, they give you a sweet potato.  Maybe that's why they don't want you to over order.  It also gives you a chance to go back and try the other dishes.
Got takeout on a Sunday evening. The place is very small and BUSY. Took us a while to place our order and it took 20 minutes for it to be ready.I had the Jia Jiang Noodles with pork and tofu. It was very delicious-- very flavorful. The noodles had a great soft texture. The pork and tofu were minced instead of served full, which I actually liked a lot. My family ordered some meat dishes and agreed that their food was very flavorful and that the flavor was unique. Plenty of sauce. However, they also found that the meat was not as tender as they would like.The prices are pretty high (especially compared to Amy's across the street), but the food is good, so I can't complain too much. Overall would come again.
It's absolutely the best Taiwanese restaurant you can find in New York!!! Love their food, everything is fresh and authentic!
I'd have to say this place is quite legit. The food is quite good and well-sized portions. Price-wise a bit on the upper side for the type of food but, like i said, good sized portions.
I don't like their service at all! If there is a 0 star, I will definitely do it.My friend and I walked in around 3pm on Sunday, and they closed at 4pm for a hour break.Every staff included the boss(mama Lee) was very rude.There were 2-3 ppl cleaning a table, yes, just 1!No one was helping us or gave us a menu. We found no one to take our order because the cashier said "Don't talk to me, u talk and order with mama Lee.What the..... Ok...After we finally ordered, mama Lee yelled at us and said she didn't want to make any order now, also she didn't want to make just one order for two people! This is it, I'm done!Actually I can order more, and my friend was here just for me. But their attitude was just too rude. If you were too tired to handle customers, then just stop the business.這家店不會再來！1. 態度極差，兩三個人擦一個桌子把客人晾著，想到又猛催點餐2.那我站櫃臺要點餐，你的人員站在收銀機，卻可以跟客人白眼說，點餐不要找我，去找她說（媽媽李**如果你只有擦桌、收錢，特定功能，請掛個牌子，大家就不會煩你喔！3.你忙是你的事，有店規你可以寫出來，請不要在我點完餐才大吼大叫跟我說你不想煮，或說兩個人點一個餐你不做，或是這樣不準內用！4. 客人不是進門給你們白眼看你們臉色，老闆對你不好，你去找她說，或找勞工局；老闆覺得很忙很累，可以收攤不要做，好好環遊世界！
I loved that I felt like I was eating at a friend's house and their mom was making her homemade dishes. Seating area is small and space is bare. No frills. Good Taiwanese food, but not sure I'll go out of my way just to eat there. Only if I'm in the area.
Love lovee this little spot. Mama lee treats her customers like her family. The food is always delicious and on point all the time. If you want true taiwanese home cook food you gotta give this place a try. Always call ahead of time cause her business hours are very irregular sometimes. It is also a little restaurant so seats are limited so always call ahead. You dont need to tip but people are generally really respectful and tries to clean up after themselves.
I've liked the food here for a while now, but I   just found a new reason to like them - they are among the nicest people you'll ever meet!  I fell down and hurt both my mouth and knee yesterday while taking my kids to taekwondo near their restaurant.  I was bleeding quite a lot and somehow, they saw me or found out and gave me ice packs to help with the swelling.  This was while I was in the TKD place - I wasn't at their restaurant and they couldn't have recognized me as being a past customer since my husband usually goes to get take-out.  They even came back 10 min later to check on me and gave me a bottle of cold water.  I was so grateful and impressed by their kindness that I had to write about this.  Mama Lee's not only has great food, but great people!  They deserve my support and everyone else's too!  Try them out - you will not regret it!
Always crowded and never open late enough, Mama Lee (her maiden surname) never fails to please.  I know that her dishes are quite generous and tasty but honestly it's the home style free soup that I come back for.If you have leftovers she will gladly pack them up and give you extra rice for tomorrows lunch.
Mama Lee's meals are so authentic, I was convinced my mother was going to emerge from the kitchen at any minute, and ask me when I was going to get married. Down to the ceramic and silverware, everything about this meal is true, homey and authentic. Everything is to the T how my mother would have prepared dinner--right down to the starting soup they bring over prior to your meal. The Taiwanese Pork Chop over rice is exactly how it should be. The pork meat sauce typically served over the rice was one of the best I've ever had (even better than some I've had in Taiwanese households). We also ordered the sweet and sour fried fish which was also highly delicious, and authentic. The service is pretty non-existent and you might have difficulty exchanging any English dialogue, but I hope that does not deter you from having a meal here. Because just like how you brave the awkwardness of eating dinner at a friend's family's house when you were a kid--the reward of a delicious, unique, and authentic meal is totally worth it. If all this is not enough of a testament to this meal, my father who is super picky about Chinese food and always claims how nothing tastes right, destroyed all the dishes without uttering a word. That is a true testament of Mama Lee, and her cooking. And just like how I've kept around certain friends purely because of their mother's dinners--I will certainly be back at Mama Lee's.
Love this place. Mama Lee is an awesome person and the service is always spectacular. Food tastes just like the Taiwanese food of my childhood. Favorites include the Lo Bah Bng (braised pork over rice) and the Lion's Head Meatball. Both are healthy and not oily, but full of sauce and flavor. Truly Taiwanese comfort food.
Run by an older lady who is really sweet, though sometimes I think she's overwhelmed and spread too thin? We love to come here when we can and just chill, wish there were more tables as it fills up not because it gets packed but there really isn't a lot of seating. Food is good, although some classic Taiwanese dishes of course everyone has their faves and ones they compare to how other places make em. Def a nice spot for a chill dinner.
Wow, go here, you won't be disappointed!  Stopped here on the way home and was pleasantly surprised.  Restaurant is small, but functional, see pictures of dining room, etc and you will quickly see you are not coming here for the ambiance, it's all about the food.Mamma Lee was so nice, helped me order then invited me to sit down while my food was being prepared.  As soon as I sat, she emerged from the kichen with a steaming hot bowl of soup with dumplings. It was so delicious! Then came my entree of pork with green chilis, amazing, washed it down with roasted corn tea, delicious.  The pan fried dumplings were also excellent. Chatted with Momma Lee while i dined and that just made the meal better, what a beautiful,  humble person! I felt like i was a guest in her home. This woman is a class act and her food was tasty, piping hot and served with love. Very reasonably priced and my takeout bag had another container of soup when i got home cause i was telling her how great it was. Truly a rreat to dine here.
Food is just ok, however over charged. I ordered the 3 cup chicken, it isn't authentic. Will not go back again. I can get cheaper and more authentic Taiwanese food from the empire garden at spring field Blvd in bayside
Dear Mama Lee,After the long vacation, you are in such a better mood!  We loved you food and it was wonderful to have you back.  I was getting tired of eating the local Chinese Take Out, and I have realized that I've missed you more than I thought.First, we came back and ate these:  Pork Meat Ball, Scallion Beef, and Chicken roll.  They are all delicious and yummy.One thing is though, Mama Lee is a one lady cashier, short cook, and she takes delivery order, and serve dine-in customer.  Be quick when you order, know what you want, and make her life easier.  In turn, she gives you more side dishes, extra rice at no cost, and drinks for you kids.:D
I am giving this 5 stars for its yummy homestyle taiwanese food and friendly service. Also happy to support a small mom+pop store that's just a few blocks away from my house :)Food-- the food is similar to what you can find in Taiwanese restaurants like Gu-Xiang in Flushing. My favorite so far was the Lionhead meatballs. I've also tried their 3-cup chicken and braised-pork w/tofu over rice which was standard. It's what you can expect to find in a decent Taiwanese restaurant. The soup and the spicy pickles are small sides which I believe are common in a lot of asian food places, so I didn't really considered that to be an extra.The store is small, very suitable for take-out. The owner was really nice and friendly the last time I picked-up--I would come again for sure.
Ordered the e cup chicken and giant meatball.Both of them was very tender and juicy.  It wasn't tough at all.  The flavoring was nice although the ones in main street is better but in the bayside area this would be the best so far.  Would return again
One of the best restaurants I have ever been too, especially for Chinese/Taiwanese food. Mama Lee treats her customers well, especially kids as I have seen her give them free candy.Order the family value combo which consists of 3 main dishes of your choice, homemade soup and free rice (usually as much until your full). The price is $35 as of 2015This place closes early usually stops serving after 8PM. This place is small, can only fit about 16 people. So I suggest you come prepared to order for pickup or take out, especially during dinner hours.The more often you come, especially when you dine in and order the family value combo, Mama Lee will be even nicer to you. Today was my fourth time here, she gave me and my friends free refills of homemade soup (bitter melon and beef) , rice refills, candy and even free spicy cucumber!
Service here is Top Notch and Owner Really Cares for Customers and even provides complimentary dish for my kid!!!Food is Home Style and Fulfilling...Definitely come back!
Best Taiwanese food in town! Love this place, love mama Lee! She is so good to kids as well!!! Never have to worry your kid gets the dirty look if he makes some noises. And she gives free food sometimes.
This is where I go for some nice Taiwanese home cooking. The three cup chicken and chicken roll is so good and yummy, I order these 2 dishes all the time I go there.The place is not big but it's nice and clean.
If you're not familiar with TRADITIONAL Chinese food like I am not then you will be surprised when you get your order. But the food is awesome. I tried so many things I had never even seen in my one meal. Everything was really good and the order was ready super quick. I strongly suggest it if you're looking for something different
Authentic and great Taiwanese food. Couldn't find any better in the city. Will definitely come back. Great service as well. Can't be any happier.
For the engineer in me, I give them 4.7 star, rounding up to FIVE. :-)The lady behind the counter was super nice. She takes order, answers the phone, settles the bill, and at the same time, keeps all the customers happy. It is incredible. Food was no nonsense good family style. We ordered three cup chicken, salt and pepper pork chop and a melon dish. Large quantity (she did advise ordering the smaller size) and decent quality, although it is not the same as what you get in Taiwan. Definitely worth a return visit.
Food is delicious but make sure to call ahead for your food to be prepared. There's literally one woman making the food, taking the order and ringing people up. My favorites are the salt and pepper fried chicken over rice and the Taiwanese chicken rolls. Defined authentic Taiwanese style food here
soup dumplings are usually not to go. but there delivery is quick thankfully and quite delicious. so many different types of soup dumplings.
I was just here today on a Saturday. I walked in and restaurant was empty. I thought it was weird because Mama Lee has always been popular. As soon as I walked in, the lady told me tables are only for combo meals $35 because it's the weekend and they only have four tables. I said fine,sat down and ordered my food. The three dishes and soup came out in literally 5 minutes. The dishes were pre made and heated just now. Some parts were ice cold and some parts are warm. The food was mediocre. Maybe they changed chefs? Or maybe because it was pre made? I'm not sure what it is, but I remember the last time I came the food was decent. One of the dishes that came out was not mine and she asked me "did you order this fish?!" I said "no, I ordered beef." She gave me an attitude and did not apologize. To top it off, she messed up my check. I paid for someone else's and she ran after me to tell me I need to give her more money. I've seen how she treats the other customers as well. She lost the friendliness and politeness from my previous visit a year ago. What a difference! I'm not sure what happened here but I won't be returning. There is a better Taiwanese restaurant in downtown Flushing called  Kushiang that I've been going to for 13 years. I will go there if I have cravings for Taiwanese food.
Amazing taiwanese style dishes. Mama Lee catered to our group of 15. She left the restaurant open for us and we basically had all their main dishes. Not oily and great portion sizes. She gave us complimentary drinks and rice. She is very humble and the service amazed me. We felt like her own children.
Larrrrrge portions, and goood home cook meal. Endearing taiwanese mama owner that behaves like your aunt when you go visit their house. Lovely little place. Just wonderful. She gives you free soup and side dishes when we went. And it was real good soup that i would have ordered and paid for. Not like the cheap simple "free" soup you get at some other place. Sometimes restaurants to me are like people and this one is passing around positive energy.And they take credit card!! I dont know why other reviewer said they dont. Maybe below 20 dollars the dont ?
What a cute little restaurant! I love the bold orange color. Quite small inside but didn't have a problem getting a seat. The lady greeted us as soon as we entered and was very welcoming. Me and Rob ordered the Japchae with chicken, Three Cup Chicken, and Salt and Pepper Flounder. These dishes came with soup, which is a chicken soup with vegetables and your choice of white or purple rice. This place seems to be well liked for their chicken dish which we quite enjoyed. The only complaint I would have is that I wanted to ordered something that a fellow Yelper had posted a picture of online and had showed it to the lady, and in the picture it shows it as not fried, but they made it fried and it was totally unlike the picture, which was pretty disappointing and misleading. Other than that, the food was a little bit too salty for my taste buds but it really has a touch of authenticity to it. Nonetheless, service was great and though it's a small little restaurant, it's good for a family food out!
Super friendly lady greet you as she patiently take your order or make her recommendation. I assume she is Mama Lee. Chicken roll is highly recommended. Authentic Taiwanse food, generous portion. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Bayside.
Got the pork chop for lunch. Came with ok soup and ok white rice. It was just ok. Fast service. Not worth $10.90 tho. But thats the normal price they charge at Bayside
I love this place, but get here early because they actually run out of food! The soups, 3 cup chicken and lion head dishes are safe bets.
Ordered the 3 dishes + rice + soup combo: 1. San Bei Ji (3 cup chicken): amazingly crispy and covered in delicious sauce that was perfectly salty, sweet, and savory. Fresh basil made this dish perfect. 2. Hot pepper & beef (& tofu strips): AMAZING!!! Tastes exactly like how it would taste if it were made at home. Perfectly salty and super spicy. Loved it! We devoured the whole dish. 3. Eggplant & pork: eggplant wasn't mushy, but was perfectly cooked with pork in a savory sauce with just a hint of sweetness. Nice hint of spice. 4. Rice: they give you a choice of brown or white with unlimited free refills5. Bitter melon, tomato, corn soup: lovely light soup full of veggies. Delicious addition to our meal. 6. Free sweet potatoFood: 5/5-- it was so good that it almost ordered another combo to bring home after our feast. I heard the owner joke with another customer that he should make a meal for himself since he ordered out for dinner last night and lunch today. Ambiance: 2/5 (non existent), unless you count listening to other guests comment about how small the restaurant is as ambiance-- they have 4 rectangular tables that seat 4 ppl each. The owner checked up on us 3 times throughout our meal to make sure we didn't need anything. She was very nice. We even heard her telling other guests that they paid too much for tip and made them take back the money. Value: 5/5-- the 2 of us are big eaters and we were stuffed with leftovers. FYI: they technically close at 8pm, but the owner said they close when their fridge runs out of ingredients... Which she said sometimes happens at 7pm. They are closed on Tues & everyday from 4-5pm. Cash only.
Excellent tiny Taiwanese eatery located right in front of a Q27 bus stop on 48th Ave and Bell Blvd. Has four tables with four seatings each. Stopped early noon today just to pick up a few dishes in preparation for the coming snow storm over the weekend. My favourites are Chicken Roll, Beef Noodle Soup, and Crispy Salted Chicken. Good pricing and generous portion. Very helpful and friendly service too. Glad to find this spot thanks to Yelpers.
Yummy three cup boneless chicken; two mushroom veggie, and dried tofu and pork strips with leeks!Brown rice!Tea!Service was wonderful, very attentive!Tried mugwort sticky rice patty on a leaf, yummy snack!Will definitely return!
I rarely give 5 stars but this place impressed me so much that I have to come here and write a 5 star review.  We were finally able to come here and have dinner after many weeks of drooling over the pictures submitted by fellow yelpers. The hours here are tricky, they do take a break in the afternoon from 3 to 5, and they open til 8pm only.  So please do keep that in mind when you come.  I learned that the hard way because I was turned away once when I showed up there at around 3:30, but it's no biggie, every restaurant are allow to set their own hours.  Please don't be harsh like the other yelper who give 1 star review because she was turned away, technically, she didn't receive any service or food to warrant such review, I thought that was very wrong of her to give 1 star when she didn't eat there or experience the exceptionally warm and great hospitality of mama Lee.  Even when I was turned away, mama Lee told me very politely and apologized but she wasn't ready yet for customers, either the food was not prep or maybe the rice was still cooking.Now on to the food, we ordered a few dishes to split among 4 of us, we got the dan dan noodle, the sesame oil chicken noodle, the three cup chicken, salt and pepper pork chop, the scallion beef.  After we got our food, mama Lee came over with a free dish of sautéed vegetables because she said we ordered too much meat and need the veggies to balance it out.  I was like woah, she's just like my mom! so sweet and so caring.  She made sure that my friend who ordered the sesame oil chicken noodle dish is not doing the driving since there's a lot of alcohol in that dish. Every dish was really truly home cooked, used minimal oil and it wasn't overly salty, we did not taste any bit of MSG at all.  It was delicious and most importantly, taste like how your mom would normally make it if your mom do cook! LolThis place has a lot of regular customers, and I notice that most customer just help themselves to take out containers and plastic bags, I think even water/tea. Lot of customers just walk behind the counter and take whatever they need, and mama Lee does not care at all, it just feels like you walking into her home and make yourself feel comfortable.  Everyone cleans up after themselves, piled up the dishes nicely and wiped up the tables. So if you are looking for great services from a waiter or waitress, this is not the place for you, but if you are looking for a home cooked style meal with a very very friendly hostess, then please come and try it out.Oh our whole meal came out to be around $49 bucks split 4 ways, very good pricing. I will definitely be back here again and again =)
My first visit to mama lees and as a chef I can tell you mama lee is putting out real deal food everything is super fresh there's a lot of love behind the food going out the 3 cups chicken was perfect the cabbage that comes with it was insane my girl got the salt and pepper fried fish crazy crispy I also ordered ja jiang with pork and tofu one of the best things I've eaten in a while no joke
Called, and I was acting like an indecisive child. Told the lady what I was in the mood for, and she patiently recommended the dan dan mian. Hit the spot. Was exactly what I was looking for. It wasn't spectacular, and the portions were kinda small. But, the "service" was above my expectations relative to the cost of the entrees, and the food was well made.
Food is great and Mama Lee really acts like your mom. Gives us free stuff all the time haha
Seriously the best Chinese food I've probably ever had for the money. Don't get me wrong the food is good too. The owner is super nice and really feels like its your mom's home made cooking. I live in Manhattan and will do anything to come back here.
Mama Lee is the best. Chunk and I like to over order a lot and she was the first one ever to tell us to stop. Gave us many freebies and great service as well. Also, after eating many dishes, you don't feel disgusted at yourself because the food is homemade style. I love this place. Thank you Mama Lee
I love this place so much. The food is absolutely authentic and it reminds me of Taiwan! They might be accepting credit cards now. I'll double check again next time and report back to you all !
Ditto to all the 5 star ratings for Mama Lees. The food is 'home cooking' Taiwanese style at it's best. The free appetizer soup was great, salt pepper pork chops, a fish dish, squash and mushroom dish....everything was delicious. Can't wait for my next trip.
I assume her name is Mrs lee. She baked these delicious healthy cookies this morning and shared some with us after our meal. Cute and humble mama papa place . Always pleasant and yummy.
The service is fine but the food was not good. The best way I could describe it is that it tasted like everything we were served was left-overs that were thrown in the microwave for an insufficient amount of time. Stay away.
just like all the reviews pointed out.. everythings great here !! Warm home cooked meal reminds me of my last visit to Taiwan
Typical Taiwanese food, truly home made style and really really delicious. Moreover, Compare to other Chinese restaurants, their foods seem more healthy because the food serves with more vegetable and is much less oil. Plus the staff is really friendly.Before you go, you have to know there are only 4 tables in the restaurant, so it is better to order to go. or reserve the table first.
Taiwanese treasure in bayside.  If you're looking for home cooking like momma use to make it, this is the spot.  All your favorites dishes and then some.  Mama Lee cooks from the heart and I would consider this taiwanese soul food.  A little warning though: seats are limited and it's a small operation so expect to wait and wait.  Great for families - can't go wrong with $35 family meal that will get you a taste of 3 delicious dishes of a wide variety of Taiwanese classics. Try the salt/pepper beef and stir fried rice cakes!Mama Lee is super generous and warm hearted.  She often offers freebees to her customers when time permits.  Note: Ambiance is a bit sterile, however.  Radio silent at times when the kitchen isn't buzzing - just ambient noise so make sure you bring along good conversation to the family table!
I had this place for the first time last week. I saw it had great reviews on Yelp so I decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed! The food was delicious and the staff were so nice. The dining area is small but I will definitely be back!
I love love love Mama Lee! First of all her food is awesome! I always order the family meal for $35 dollars and it is sooo worth it. The 3 cup chicken is awesome as everyone mentioned. Our other favorite dishes are the peking style pork chops, the black pepper beef with mushrooms and the salt and pepper friend chicken. All delicious, fresh and excellently prepared. Occasionally Mama Lee's has these green steamed buns and they are sooooo awesome as well! Mama Lee is a sweet, intelligent woman! It is refreshing to sit down and have a conversation with her. She truly makes you feel like family. It is a pleasure to find an establishment like Mama Lee's. Definitely one of my best finds in a while. I wish her many years of good food and success. I will certainly be back many more times!
It was like eating very good wholesome Taiwanese home cooking.  I enjoyed the mushroom dish, jap chae and the complementary soup in particular.  The menu also offered a wide variety of dishes.  Great service.  I had 3 adults and 3 kids in my group.  The place was small, but they quickly accommodated us.
There are a few flaws to this place but the quality of the food and the kindness of mama lee makes it an easy 5 star. Don't expect to get a seat because there are only 4 sets of 4 seats. I got lucky and was seated right away.The restaurant is less of a restaurant, more of a meal cooked at home by loving parents. The food is fresh, clean, and healthy. The sauces are a bit starchy but cooked well. The flavors are simple. Just home cooking. I tried the Spicy fish, Chicken and eggplant, and Pork Chops. All of the dishes were amazingly good!
***AMAZING PLACE***This place is re really deserving of the 5 Stars.  And, I can see why many people agree, by reading the other reviews.  Mama Lee's is clean, the food is super de-lish, and the customer service is unsurpassed...truly a triple threat.  This is NOT your typical Chinese restaurant.  It is clean and the food is not greasy and unhealthy.  Simply put, it truly feels like your mom's cooking.  You can feel the meals are prepared with love.  You can't say that about many places. Ms. Lee is so warm, nice, and takes pride in her restaurant.I want to note, that the people who are complaining about the increase of price of the 3 cups chicken, from $25 to $35 are friggin' whiners and muthertuckin' cheapskates.  You guys were getting a steal with it being $25.  I have NO PROBLEM paying the extra  $10, knowing that Ms. Lee is making some profit from her business.  Come on guys, she's not literally our Mama.  She's running a business, and I want her to stay around for the long run, so I don't mind paying the extra $10.  You're getting three dishes!  For $35, it is still way more reasonably priced than other restaurants.
Awesome, simply put. Mama Lee made me feel like i was her grandson and she was my grandma. And i quote: "you have to eat vegies", and so I didFood is awesome, great and very healthy.
Other than Gu Shang, Mama Lee's is the only place in this area where you can actually get Taiwanese food. Quality and authentic Taiwanese favorites at an unbeatable price. Lee is also an incredible host and will make you feel welcome and like family. The first time I dined in with friends, she treated our table of 6 with two platters of fried rice - just because. Another time, when my friends and I were waiting outside for quite a bit for one of the tables to open up for us to sit (the inside is really cramped), she gave each of us a huge bottle of Snapple to enjoy while we waited. How awesome is that?
Just simply amazing and fantastic. This hole in a wall mom and pops shop is one of the best I have been to in a long time. If you drive by there you might miss it. Chicken soy sauce basil is a must have and five spiced beef is amazing. Unfortunately it's a small place with 4 tables so there might be a wait if you want to eat there. Pick up is available as well. Parking isn't bad in the area.
Great food at a good price! The lady at the counter was like a mom; she told us to stop talking so that the food wouldn't get cold! Would order again
Place reminds me of a chinese take out place but taiwanese style. The place is rather small and has a bamboo smell the second u walk in. It has this homecooked feel to it.  The service was a bit slow since there were a few ppl ahead of us who called in orders. There's family combos of 3 dishes for $35. I got the taiwanese porchop over rice which came with a side soup and veggies. The porckchop was rather soft. I expected it to be crispy,nevertheless it was tasty. Everyone seems to raving about the 3 cup chicken. I will have to try that next time.
The food is delicious but they kept jacking up the price every so often. They're charging well over 10 per entree and the portion seem to be shrinking down quite a bit. For ex., an eggplant with chicken entree with 2 slices of chicken. Everything went up in the order of 20-50% across the board. C'mon now.
Great food, great hospitality, I feel at home whenever I am here as if my own mom were cooking for me. prices are great I always leave here full.If you ever want a great home cook meal come here and try MamaLee restaurant.
Mamma Lee is everything that is right about local businesses.  As a family restaurant, it closes pretty early.  Despite showing up late, the eponymous proprietor kept the place open just for me and my friend.  Mama Lee was super friendly and shared some of her story with us.  She told us that she had a passion for cooking.  From the food and the decor, this was obvious!I ordered the beef noodle soup as well as some dumplings and enjoyed them immensely.  My friend enjoyed her noodle dish.Following the meal, Mama gave us a couple of her homemade cookies for the road.Between the food, price and service, I strongly recommend Mama Lee.
This place is awesome!! I really want to give 100000 starsFood and services are perfect! ill definitely come back here
Mama Lee is an outstanding person! The food is great and the service is even better! After we were finished she even packed our food with extra mince pork and veggies so that it would feel like another meal! Once again love this place! Gotta check it out
Good food fresh ingredients, not the low price Chinese food you usually get from neighborhood take out places, what you pay is what you get, I think the price you pay for quality food is worth it. I ordered the fish filet with chili peppers, mushrooms with basil, basil chicken and veggie rice noodles. All very good, but certain items run out quick so must order early before they run out of it ( I was hoping to get the giant meat balls but they were all out)
Wow, seriously the best Jia Jiang Mian I've ever had!! it is so delicious and full of flavor! Also had the 3 cup chicken and thought it was delicious and flavorful as well! It is true what the other yelpers say, the portion is generous and really good! Will definitely keep coming back for the Jia Jiang Mian
It's a hot day in Queens... My throat is hurting... I ask hubby if could he get me soup. He knows what I want...Fifteen minutes later I am in my kitchen eating beef noodle soup. Mama Lee asked hubby if he would like it spicy. Of course we do...Mama Lee makes me feel better. The soup is not only delicious but for me it has medicinal purposes.Thank you Mama Lee!!!!
Pretty decent Taiwanese food and probably the best that you'll find in the tri-state area.  Been searching for good taiwanese food food for years in flushing and Chinatown and this comes the closest.  Everything tastes very homey and authentic.  No frills on the food or venue, just good food.  And the owner is super nice and made our meal very inviting.   Try the three cup chicken which is boneless and very tender.  Also had the best bowl of beef noodle soup that I've had in a while.
This place is delicious, homey, and authentic. Feel like I'm eating in my moms kitchen. Will go back again and again!
The three-cup-chicken is not good as per those review on Yelp. There are lightly breaded with flour and over fried. Totally wasted, and hard like rocks. The sauce was not strong with basil. Very disappointed, and felt mislead by Yelp review
This is one of those restaurants that you accidentally find while roaming your neighborhood for something to eat. Possibly some of the best Chinese food I've ever eaten (don't tell my mom). The flavors in all the dishes are delicate but can pack a punch at the same time. The owner is very nice and friendly. Pork and Mushroom noodle soup is possibly the best dish on the menu. Delicious. I'm going to come back again and again.
Excellent food and great owner. She really loves to cook and enjoys talking with her customers. I've been coming here every so often for some Asian comfort food.
A lot of us in the West don't really understand that there's a difference between Chinese food and Taiwanese food, but it's a huge one, just as big as the difference between, say, Spanish food and Mexican food. While Taiwanese cuisine has its roots in cuisine from the southern provinces of mainland China, there are also influences from Japanese cuisine as well as indigenous to the island. The result is a truly unique genre of cuisine and for my money, one of the most enjoyable. I'm not Taiwanese, but my wife Lisa is. The last time we flew over to Taiwan, she had a checklist of 25 foods she absolutely had to eat before she came back. If you know anyone who's Taiwanese, they'll instantly understand. I've eaten in a lot of the fanciest restaurants around the world, but I gotta say that one of the most enjoyable culinary experiences I've ever had in my life was just walking with her through a crowded night market in Taiwan. Lisa is also really, really picky when it comes to food, especially food from the country of her birth. She used to live in Flushing, so I was excited when I started dating her, expecting that she'd take me to all the hidden Taiwanese restaurants where you need a secret handshake to get in. But alas, in two years of dating, maybe she brought me to one or two. "Too dirty" she'd say about one of them. "Too salty" she'd say about another. "Not authentic enough" she'd say about another. And so I was intrigued when suddenly she started to bring food home from Mama Lee. Last week, I had the chance for the first time to go there in person. As others have said, the place is really small. Maybe four tables and a counter. But the place is super-duper clean. The decor is simple but it has interesting little details--my favorite is that each of the tables has a live herb or root vegetable growing in a small planter. It's such a creative idea that I'm surprised other restaurants with their dusty plastic flowers haven't caught on with.We got to meet mama Lee in person, who was just what you'd expect an Asian mama to be like--wonderful smile, sweet personality, and always eager to feed you! We got to the restaurant at 4:50 but mama Lee apologetically told us that the restaurant staff takes a break between 4 and 5, but would we be willing to wait until 5:10? We said of course. When mama Lee saw me struggling to make up my mind with the menu (so many good things to choose from), she invited us to sit down and relax, and brought us some tea while we were waiting. We enjoyed the tea and the environment so much we decided to eat in the restaurant instead. The food came at 5:10 just as we were promised. I had the salt and pepper fried chicken with rice, which came with a side of Napa cabbage. Lisa had the braised squash and mushrooms, also with a side of cabbage. The first thing that struck me was how fresh and clean the vegetables were. They snapped in your mouth and had a wonderful sweetness. I'm not usually a fan of squash, but these were cooked so perfectly with a light brown sauce that I ended up stealing a good chunk of Lisa's dinner too. Even the salt and pepper chicken felt almost healthy--it wasn't drowning in grease like you get at other Asian fried chicken places, but were crisp with a great flavor that wasn't overwhelmed by salt. We also ordered the ro geng mian (tender pork and bamboo) soup. Usually when I have this soup I need to add tons of vinegar and pepper, but in this case it was seasoned to perfection. Again, the veggies were fresh. To my surprise, mama Lee brought us out another bowl of soup that we didn't order, this time pork broth with carrots and corn. The pork broth was amazing. It was cooked from a pork bone and was rich with flavor without being too salty nor too seasoned--just infused with the flavor of the pork. Then, mama Lee brought us out some desserts with taro, tapioca, and a wonderful sweet soup. At this point I was chuckling--it brought back so many memories of going to friends' and families' houses and the "mama" of the house just feeding you until you couldn't take anymore. I'm not sure if she did this because she recognized us as regular customers, because it was our first time in the restaurant or just because she was bored, but I really felt her genuine care for us--and I could sense this with other tables too (she speaks perfect English, BTW). I lost my own mom about 20 years ago, so it brought back fond memories of how my own "mama" used to never let her houseguests leave wanting (no one left the house without an orange). This is really a restaurant that lives up to its name. You expect nothing less than a "mama" to keep her place immaculate and to serve you food that's generous in its portions, clean, healthy, and wonderful. Mama Lee comes through on all counts. So much so that Lisa and I started to keep our own new list--the stuff we wanted to come back and try at Mama Lee. :)
Went here with a friend when we were both just dying of hunger. We did not order the family meal style as we didn't think we can finish three dishes. The portions are big and the food tastes amazing. Just like how grandma would have cooked it. Also extremely affordable! Definitely will come back to grab a quick meal or when I want some home-style food. Mama Lee is great!
I was pleasantly, very pleasantly, surprised by this place. When three of us were talking about where to eat and one suggested someplace so near to school, I was a bit worried. We haven't had much luck with Asian near our school, usually ending up more with American takeout. Mama Lee's is not American Chinese takeout. And if it was in Flushing, it would have a line out the door. Inside a nondescript shop on Bell, right in front of where the Q27 passes, Mama Lee's is serving up delicious home style Chinese. We dropped in at 6 pm and ended up hanging around till 8, chatting with other customers in a mix of Mandarin and English. It's pretty simple inside, but the service is great and the food is awesome. And the prices... This will be a popular spot once it's discovered (Oh no!).We got the combo which was $25 for 3 entrees + a shared salad + a soup/rice bowl for everyone. One of the other customers suggested an item not on the menu, Sour Cabbage with Fish filet. Yummy! It was delicious. The cabbage was homemade and it was great. It's not as sour as most kimchis, but it went perfectly with the fish. Not sure what kind of sauce was on this, but also yum. There wasn't anything left in the plate as the three of us fought to scoop us the last bits and stick them into our bowls of rice. 5/5三杯雞 (san bei ji) or Three Cup Chicken was great. A discussion among our table and another broke out on the origins of the "Three Cup" in the name when they heard us talking about it, but it's delicious no matter what's in those three cups. Nice and big chunks of chicken simmered in sauce and served with huge chunks of ginger. Definitely worth a try. 4/5I forget the name of the last thing we got, but it was small strips of pork belly with scallions and squid. Very good. 4/5The soup that the meal came with was pretty unique from our experience. It was a miso with cilantro (to the chagrin of one dining companion). The combination was unexpected but awesome.The meal also came with a small salad of cold string beans, carrots and woodear mushroom. Sadly, one of my companions nabbed most of the woodears... These were thinner woodears than I've had elsewhere, but nonetheless good.There was also a plate of what I'll call salad, but I'm not really sure what it was. Greens with sliced tofu and some sort of sauce. (sorry, they ordered in Mandarin! Was it free!?) The wall also advertised after school specials like $3.50 rice cups. As it's about a 3 minute ride from school, I hope I have enough of a lunch break to come get some!
I love the food here! Delicious and quick. Service is amazing. Try the salt and pepper fried chicken.
Not sure why I didn't review this when I first went during the winter. Pleasant experience with the woman behind the counter (I'm guessing Mama Lee herself). She told me about the different items on the menu and helped me save some money with what I was ordering. She threw in some soup since it was cold out, pretty awesome
the best taiwanese food i ever had. very small setup, 3 tables?!
Off Bell Blvd 2 blocks south of Northern Blvd. Mama Lee is a tiny takeout restaurant serving authentic Taiwanese food. I found this place through Yelp about 2 years ago and have been coming here once or twice a week ever since. Their food is consistent and the owner is very nice. The restaurant has only 4 tables and they get very busy around 6-8pm for takeout orders. They close at 8pm. I really like their meatballs, nice and tender and the size of a tennis ball.
I tried to come here to order some food based on the reviews of yelp. Apparently I came at a bad time (4:25 in the afternoon) where they are taking a break until 5:00. I understand that everyone needs a break during their working hours but that should not be a reason to turn away business. It was a turn off asking me to wait 35 minutes to come back and order food. No matter how good and authentic your food is that is not the way to do business.
Great food large portion very friendly service I just hope the restaurant is bigger and can seat more people. My favorite local spot!
I've been excited that this place finally opened up.I love the decor and the simplicity of the menu!Love the prices esp for fresh smoothies using fresh ingredients!Tried the chicken roll, tastes esp good if you eat it right away. Must use dipping sauce (not ketchup)!The staff are extremely friendly, knowledgeable and make you feel like you're family!
Good people! Good food! Mama Lee is everyone's mama!! She gave us on the house veggies cause we ordered too much meat! The food was tasty too. I especially liked the fried pork chops.
Super nice lady (not sure if she's the owner) very neat and clean place, big portion,  cheap price but tasty food. Will definitely go back again. Love it.
I recently discovered this spot in my neighborhood, and I'm so glad that I did! As a college student, I am always ordering takeout and rarely get the chance to eat a home cooked meal. Mama Lee is such a sweet lady and everything about her is as real as it can get (she even grows some of her herbs). I always end up getting the basil chicken (3 cup chicken) and the peking pork chop; they're both very flavorful, but the basil chicken could use more sauce. Her home made soups tastes authentic and delicious, you can tell that she took her time in making it. Overall, Mama Lee is a healthier alternative to eating takeout and I've been ordering from here twice a week along with other fast food...I know, it should be a crime eating out this often.
Just like home cooking. I had the 3 dishes and a soup. Soup taste just like my mom's soup. 3 cup chicken was awesome.
Very tasty... Best Taiwanese dish I've ever had in ny. Great service and accommodating. I will order takeout in future.
I would've given this place a 4 star, but with 2016, they raised the price of the combo meals from $35 to $45. At $35, it was of "convenience" type of deal because its nearby. Now at $45, it's debatable if I am willing to order from this place. There are several Taiwanese place at Flushing that has better food, and unless I am super lazy or desperate, I doubt I will willing to buy from here.
This is my favorite restaurant outside of China. Being here feels like being at home and my grandmother is serving me food. They took such good care of us - there was no soup on the menu but soup is really important to Chinese meals, so they brought us free soup to start. We ordered a dish that's usually for 1 person but there was 4 people so they gave us extra. The portions are big if you compare with other restaurants but this is not a restaurant - it is home, and they are inviting you in, and cooking you the kind of portions that your mom or grandma would cook for you when you visit them in China. And it is delicious, in a home cooked way. Towards the end of our meal we had a lot meat left but not much veggies so they brought us a plate of cabbage as a palate cleanser. And when we're about to leave, mama said "it's hot out there, here's a bottle of water for each of you". Everything is simple but perfectly on point. The service is not high end but hits the spot far better than the fanciest restaurants I've been in. Come and experience a slice of Chinese home life, right here in NY.
Good and affordable.  the lady at the counter, who could also possibly be mama Lee, is really kind.
Mama lee was super friendly when she is not super busy. Food was decent for the neigborhood but you can definitely find better places in queens.
Seriously, I hesitated so much before putting this in because I wanted to keep this place to myself. Right, selfishness overload, I know. Well, a fan is a fan only when he/she is willing to share his/her love with other potential supporters. So here I am to say that this place truly rocks! I came here based on yelp reviews, which have rarely let me down (thanks yelpers!) Mama Lee is true gem. Yes, I mean the person AND the restaurant. Mama Lee is a middle-aged lady whose kids went to college and decided to open this cute and tiny place to serve her friends, relatives, and family. How do I know? Apparently I was eavesdropping the whole time when she was talking to other customers who were so impressed with her cooking and personal/professional background. Anyway, okay, enough about Mama Lee and let's move on to the real stuff. Food is amazingly good. Minimal (or no) MSG yet not bland at all. I am deeply in love with their chicken roll, which is crispy tofu skin (or something like that) on the outside with taro and meat inside. Now that's the kind of stuff that I wish my mom can make. Their beef noodle soup is also delicious. What else? Their "$35 for 3 dishes" dinner set offers a variety of entrees. Food is very, very fresh. This speaks volumes about the ingredients she uses in the food. I know not everyone cares for health-conscious eating, but the fact that she offers both brown and white rice is worth mentioning. Mama Lee is also very generous and caring, like genuinely caring. She even approached us after our meal because she saw that bamboo shoots were singled out on my husband's plate. I thought she was going to give us a lesson on "veggies are good for you" (she's a mama, after all). Guess what she told us? "Let me know next time if you want substitutes for bamboo shoots." I laughed. Her kids are lucky. The only downside to this place (I hate to do this) is the wait time. Because Mama Lee does most of the cooking (if not all), there tends to be quite a bit of a wait, especially if you don't call in advance.
Mama Lee is like your favorite Aunt who loves to see you and cook up a storm for you! Her place is small, only 4 tables, but cozy. Every dish is made from scratch to perfection and if you treat Mama right she will treat you like family and really take care if you. Every dish is delicious but the ones my family and love ate the chicken w/ Chinese eggplant, bean curd w/ pork & bamboo shoots, sweet n sour chicken, giant pork balls, chicken fried rice cakes. Mama closes shop at 8:00pm sharp so don't dcrew around. She also does a brisk take out business.
SUPERB!!! I absolutely love and adore this place! It's so clean and dainty for a mostly Chinese takeout place! The best of all is the service! Mama Lee is super friendly and awesome and really cares about her customers. My family has always gotten takeout from here when they don't feel like cooking and I never knew why until I was craving it and decide to go in person myself. The first time I stopped by I only got the chicken roll I so craved and when I left I ended up with chocolates as treats from Mama Lee! Next, I decided to dine in instead of taking out. I ordered a chicken roll and braised minced pork over rice. She offered me soda, soup, tea and absolutely anything you can think of. She even worried I wouldn't have enough to eat since I was there sharing with my boy so she offered us more rice. The chef also came out to greet us and offered us soup of the day. The soup of the day is superb also! It's not MSG, but rather it's traditional Chinese soup that's healthy and not fattening. The food there is overall awesome and tastes just like home. I have yet to try everything on their menu! I'll definitely be a regular to dine in there instead of just taking out though!PS: I rarely give 5 stars. This place really is the bomb ;)
Now I know why this restaurant is called Mama Lee... because it is food that makes you feel you're home. I was surprised how tiny this place was, I was expecting a regular size restaurant, instead I entered to a small 4 tables restaurant. The food was delicious and plenty. She gave us complementary hot tea, hen soup and oranges for dessert. I will definitely  go back!!
Love the service! Mama lee is warm and friendly. She will offer you extra rice just to make sure you get full! The fried chicken can use a little bit more salt but it's still good. The portions are good size and the soup is good. It's not those 5 minutes soup that you get from other Taiwanese places.
My go to place for yummy pan fried dumplings.  FYI... you should order in advance if you are in a hurry like me... she is usually busy bc her food is so good.  Very nice lady!   I have yet to try more things from her menu.
I come here for lunch once every 3 weeks since I have many options in the area. I only order the rice dishes.There is only one person there and she is very friendly and doesn't mind giving you extra or more food, it's part of business and she does it right. Portion are always good here and the food taste awesome. I like the lion head it's a giant. The satey beef and pork chop is recommended. This a neighborhood joint so the food is not off the charts but it very decent Asian food in the area.The reason for 5 star is food quality and great service, you never feel rip off here.
I think this is the place for people who cannot make it to flushing. The hype is kinda like as it is the only taiwanese restaurant in Maine, Idaho, Tennessee... those non asian states.  Food is OK, not horrible, but i don't understand where that 5 stars are from.    3 cups chicken is not authentic... and it is converted into something else i can't describe. it's Wet.   I guess those who gave 5 stars likes it wet or they don't know what is a real 3 cup chicken like.  and one dollar sign?  no ! it's more expensive than flushing.
I've gotten take out from here few time and it's simply the best thai food I've tasted in many years. The lady that takes the order is so friendly and helpful. This place is small but does have tables for ppl that wants to dine in. I tried 3 cup chicken and chilli pepper beef. Both were fresh, delicious and not greasy at all. Place is very clean.
Had beef noodle soup. Huge portion, delicious, and great price. The owner is so nice too! Can't go wrong coming here.
Mama Lee's place has reliable Taiwanese food in a clean and pleasant atmosphere. But where it really shines is in the wonderful service and demeanor of the proprietor, the eponymous Mama Lee, and her dedication to using the freshest ingredients that she picks out herself.We learned in our conversation with her at the end of the meal (when she gave us a generous helping of Snicker and Peppermint Patties) that she gets up at 6am to personally go to the market and select ingredients for the day's meals. Without having a walk-in freezer, she runs the whole restaurant out of a refrigerator and cooks the day's food until it runs out. That explains the other reviewers' occasional complaints about items being out of stock.As far as the service, a dinner companion was hoping for the kimchi fried rice, but was told that they only prepare it with pork, beef, or chicken. She preferred to have a vegetarian meal so picked something else. After the food arrived Mama Lee came out with a large plate of the kimchi fried rice specially prepared without meat, with eggs instead; her treat, she said.That, plus her concern for whether we were too cold with a breeze coming through the door, the generously portioned complimentary clam soup, the unexpected free and refreshing mung bean smoothies at the beginning of the meal, and an all around wonderful attitude is part of what makes Mama Lee's feel like a breath of fresh air, a diamond in the rough, an island in a sea of mediocrity. 5 stars.
This place is tiny- a mom n' pop kinda spot. I like it. It's clean and cozy. The staff are friendlyZ Their beef noodle soup is delicious and made spicy upon request. Right up this girls alley!
Delicious...delicious...delicious! Great food, people, staff and overall atmoshpere. We were in the neighborhood and hungry. Mama Lee was 30mins from closing and they welcomed us right in. A real cold New York evening was comforted by hot and tasty beef noodle soup, some chicken mei fun and pepper chicken and rice. A wonderful home cooked meal feel to a small but flavorful restaurant. It was a pleasure meeting Mama Lee herself and getting to know the real people behind the great service and great food. Will definietly be returning soon.
Great home style Taiwanese food.  The soup comes with the 3-dishes combo is always FANTASTIC!  Owner is super friendly.  Extra side dishes often served free as surprise.  The only thing is... You better order ahead so you don't need to wait tooooo long at the place.
Great little out of the way Taiwanese restaurant in Bayside. I'm in the area about once a month and try to visit different places whenever I go out for dinner. This place is definitely one of the best places I have tried. My friend and I went for the three-entree meal for $35 which was enough food for at least 4 people (but not for two dudes that can put away a lot of food). The chicken basil, black pepper beef and sha cha noodles were all topnotch and Mama Lee helped us pick out the dishes to order. The place is small and it could get busy during dinner rush, but we went early in the evening and the place was still empty. I will definitely come back to try the rest of the menu!
came here with friends on Saturday night, and we ordered a LOT of food!  They were all delicious, just like homemade!  Owners were super nice, too, they took great care of us.  Definitely coming back whenever I have crave hometown food.
Mama Lee was a really great experience.  The food ranged from good to great.  The place wasn't fancy but it was clean.  But the real kicker was the service and attentiveness of Mama Lee.  She's just an extraordinarily friendly woman and really made my friends and I feel welcome.  Sometimes great service elevates an eating experience and this is definitely one of those times.  I felt as if my long lost aunt was cooking for me in the comfort of my home.  I'd definitely come back.
I LOVE IT HERE. Their food is great, Mama Lee is friendly and nice. What can go wrong? The only problem is they take cash and its a small area but the food makes up for it.
Food is good and mama is very nice, but this is a very odd business. They are closed more than they are open, and when they are open they are always on a break and refuse to cook food. Its like a Seinfeld episode. Freakin strange place
Awesome Taiwanese food, best in town! Has my favorite dish from Taiwan, intestine noodle soup. The only place I know that has it now in New York. Braised minced pork over rice is delicious too. Not to oily and very tasty. Owner is so nice, let us try her new dish sweet glazed fried chicken wings before it hits the menu! Very kind and caring of guess and also speaks 3 languages!!! Will definitely come back and recommend.
Truly a gem. Food is freshly prepared, healthy and delicious. Restaurant is very clean and service is friendly. Restaurant is relatively small so there may be a wait at times if you want to eat in. Highly recommended.
Let's start off first by stating that MamaLee isn't you typical eat in restaurant, it more of a takeout place which has 4 tables of 4 to accommodate those whom want to eat the food right off the stove.The food is definitely above average. We typically visit this place at least once a week and am always greeted with open arms and warm hospitality! MamaLee is a delight, friendly and genuinely treats all her customers as if she's feeding her own children. Food is freshly prepared and not saturated with oil like most Chinese restaurants are famous for.If you decide to stop by, try the chicken basil. MamaLee does it differently then most place I've had using boneless pieces of dark meat stir fried with basil and brown sauce. Fried meat dumplings I've found is also above average.For Taiwanese food alone I'd give this place 4 stars, but unfortunately there's just not enough space in this small gem of a place to handle high traffic. Once customers start pouring in, food becomes slow motion and for me personally, I don't enjoy eating one dish at a time. The amount of traffic however only proves the popularity of MamaLee. Question is with her business growing now, if she ever decides to expand her place will the quality and taste of her food be able to stay consistent.
Where have you been all these years? You would think in a neighborhood with a high Asian population would have good Asian restaurants.  Mama Lee is a refreshing addition/change to the restaurant options in Bayside.  None of your greasy, overly salted, MSG filled Chinese take out.  Not your "lets drench this with soy sauce" and call it Chinese.  Food here is not only very good, it breaks the too-typical Chinese restaurant stereotypes.Ordered the beef noodle soup and the spicy minced pork with chili peppers.  It was delicious and I hope more locals support her so she can grow her business.
Mama Lee's is great !! I was on the bus and bright orange sign caught my attention . I've also heard wonderful things about this place from my friend so I decided to try it the next time I was around the area . As soon as I entered the restaurant, I noticed how clean it was and I felt very comfortable . I went during the afternoon so I was able to get seats right away . They only have 4 tables but this place is more like a takeout kind of place so I didn't really mind it . They also had a child booster seat for my toddler ! The owner lady I believe was very nice .. She took our orders as soon as we were ready and even suggested what a one year old could eat . I ordered beef noodle soup, jiao xiang yu pian(I think it's peppered fish), braised pork over rice and vegetable tofu . The food came out pretty fast even when there were 3 other tables . Everything was very good . It wasn't greasy and it was fresh ! The lady even made a separate tiny bowl of braised pork over rice with an egg for my toddler :) Very cute . I ended up ordering Jia Jiang Mian to go later on .. I can't wait to eat it later ! I would definitely come here again and again if I'm craving for great Taiwanese food . This lady  treats you as if you were her family or very close friend . Great service, good food and clean environment .. Love it !
I've been here twice and I can't wait until I can get back there again. The food is terrific, Mama Lee is friendly and happy to explain about the dishes. The place is very small (16 seats at four tables) so be prepared to wait, but the wait is worthwhile. We had the Sha-cha beef with noodles in broth, the spicy eggplant with basil and the two kinds of mushrooms with vegetables. Then, out of the blue, Mama Lee brought out a noodle dish - I have to figure out what it was - at no charge.  Everything that happened: the food, the people, made this place special.
Very authentic Taiwanese food.  The staffs were nice and we'll definitely come back again.
The food is just great. Service is awesome. Feel like home and warm. Easily a default place to eat. So much food for little $.
Came here discovering this place on Yelp, this place is GREAT, a small place, no bathroom which was the only negative to me as my parents are older and sometimes they just need to go.  Came here on a Sunday afternoon, had one open table for a small place grabbed it and ordered away, we (my brother,me and parents) order their $35 special 3 entree , soup, and rice we ordered the salt and pepper chicken, scallion beef, and onion pork chops.  The soup served was pork knuckle soup with radish.  Since we were four and not three the woman served us an extra cup of rice at no charge, and she said if we needed more rice to just ask, try that in another restaurant they will charge you for that!  I have never seen that kind of offer since the Philippines!  Also when our soup was almost finishing she grabbed it and gave us some more, that's some service right there.  The portions of the entrees make this place a 5* place, and the taste is pretty damn good on top of that, the chicken, beef, and pork entrees all tasted real delicious and full of flavor to me .  They had a lot of flavor, hot sauce if needed is ready on the table, a simple great dining experience, being a small place with only 4 tables she would ask everybody altogether at the same time to let her know if needed water, tea or anything else.  Pretty damn good, when it came time to go she gave us containers with no hesitation she said to take it home.  Very nice and consistent service is always a winner for me and this place is a must go back!  Just a key reminder though it is CASH ONLY.  Also since it is a small place if you do wish to be seated you may have to wait, it's a great to go spot though.
A good whole in the wall kind of joint. The beef noodle is off the hook. The price is fair for this area.
Food is okay. But she has a bad attitude. Talks to customer like your her husband. No proper manners. If you can't handle a full house of customers. You should stay in the kitchen and she yelled at the little kids for talking loud.
I love Mama Lee's. People might say it is a little more expensive, but the stuff she makes is amazing and of high quality! And to be honest, her food isn't really that expensive. How can you compare different grade levels of food???? She is also super nice! Everything is amazing. The three types mushroom and beef, the three cup basil chicken is amazing, the salt and pepper chicken, salt and pepper pork is just....amazing to no words. I've been impressed by everything I have ordered and I am just so happy to have access to this kind of food in Bayside! It is a little on the smaller and cozier side, but eating in and taking out are both good experiences. I highly recommend that everyone try her out! She will not disappoint!
Mama Lee's combines delicious food with a welcoming atmosphere.  Not only is Mama Lee an amazing cook, but a wonderful person aswell.  The appeal in this restaurant is not just in the affordable prices, but the care she takes to make sure you are well taken care of in the restaurant.  I came here during lunch time when the store was not very busy and was able to fully experience the Mama Lee hospitality.  I ordered the beef noodle soup and the steamed dumplings.  The ingredients were fresh and taste abundant.  For those whom have not gone, my advice would be what are you waiting for
Decided to try this place out for lunch on MLK day with the wife and two boys. We arrived at 11:30AM and got the last available table (there are only 4). We opted for the 3 dishes (Salt and Pepper Pork, 3 Cup Chicken and Lions Head) for $35 and a side order of the fried chicken roll. We were given white rice, red bean rice and a miso type of soup. Everything was very good and service was great. We were given more rice and soup without having to ask for it. Mama even gave us a quart of the soup to take home. We will definitely be back to try her other dishes!! I would suggest going early if you want to eat in.
Nice little place. The owner is very friendly to all the customers that comes to eat and her place. Since she only has like 4 tables, she is able to always pay close attention to all her customer. Giving them extra rice before you're even finished.
Food is ok. Not as greasy as most Chinese restaurants. The establishment is pretty small and the ventilation is not great so if you decide to eat there, you will get the oily smell from the kitchen. The prices are pretty high if you compare them to other chinese take outs. The 3 dish combo is now $35, not $25 anymore. Rice & noodle dishes are around $8.50. Also, call ahead for take out or sit in if you are not running on a schedule because it usually takes a while for the order to be ready.
I was delighted to find this jewel tonight, which is Chinese New Year's Eve. My good fortune. From the instant I walked in the door I felt that I was visiting a beloved relative. What a wonderful feeling, and the delightful food made the experience complete! I expect Mama will be cooking me a lot of delicious, wholesome meals.
Great food. The food was very authentic. It closes a little early for me - if they closed a little later that would be awesome but I understand that it's a family business and they should go home. The atmosphere is very nice and the owners are super friendly.
This is my first review on Yelp! Mama Lee was worth writing about. The service was fast and the atmosphere was very welcoming. The food was awesome. My favorite was the 3 cup chicken with fried tofu. Yum! Yum! Yum!
Mama lee's foods are excellent. We had their spicy basil chicken, salt & pepper chicken and spicy pork. They were so great! Mama Lee was very friendly and generous. Her customer service is excellent, much better than any restaurant we've been to. The restaurant and its food are very clean and decorated well. I highly recommend Mama Lee's to everybody!
Absolutely love this place.  Randomly passed by and decided to try it out.  Upon first entering the place, I wasn't sure what to think.  It still had that "new" feeling and the menu is pretty extensive.  We decided to go with two basic dishes, grilled chicken and kimchi beef and they were both delicious.  My favorite part about this place though is Mama Lee herself.  She was so nice and warm, and treated us so well. She even remembered us the next time my girlfriend went back!  The prices here are great, and you definitely get way more than you pay for.
Mama lee is such an amazing woman and her food and service is just the same.  She just emanates this maternal vibe that makes you feel all warm.  The space is very clean and basic and the food was exceptional.  Her service was very attentive when I have stayed to eat and even when I picked up an order.  On my first visit my boyfriend and I ordered the grilled chicken and kimchi beef to stay, each came with a side of rice.  I'm not usually a fan of kimchi but hers made me question a few of my life choices.  Everything was amazing.  True to her name, she even encouraged me to eat my vegetables and wait inside for the bus instead of out in the cold.  Another day I called in an order of 3 dishes for $25 of the Budda's Delight, the Pork Chop and a chicken dish (I forget which one).  I tried to order a few smoothies but she apologized and told me that they were no longer in season.  When I walked in to pick up my order she immediately recognized me.  She even kept my food in a warmer to prevent it from getting cold.  Everything came with miso soup and extra white rice.  Inexpensive and great food.  Things to remember: A few things are not written in English so don't be afraid to ask and don't forget to grab a take-out menu. I'm glad I did.
Went to this place with my girl friend last week, service was great and food was awesome, five stars
We went for lunch and had no problem finding parking and getting seats.  The owner is very helpful and will recommend dishes to your taste.  The food is absolutely delicious.  We will be back for more.  We highly recommend.
This is my first restaurant I felt compelled to write a review about. The owner is the cashier & waitress so don't expect the fastest service, however, she is very down to earth and kindly. She may seem harried, but that's because she has to handle the phones as well. So go with an open mind and relaxed attitude. The restaurant is very small-only 4 tables. The food is authentic Taiwanese, inexpensive and delicious! For those who are concerned about cleanliness-floor was free of debris and wasn't greasy and she used an odorless, non offensive spray to wipe down our table. I have allergies to strong chemicals and when she came with the spray to clean our table, I was about to stand when she carefully used her hand to prevent the remnants of the spray from landing on us. I was impressed as I rarely see such consideration! We were off to a good start! We weren't too hungry so my hubby and I ordered just 3 dishes- a chicken roll, pork with green peppers & intestine noodle soup. The dishes were authentic as mentioned, with the right amount of spices. However, I did feel the pork dish was on the sweet side( I don't like sweetness in my entrees). I'll have to remember to say "no sugar" next time.  My hubby likes his dishes spicy and requested for a 2nd helping of chili sauce. Apparently she makes her own chili sauce which accounts for its yumminess. She also brought over a big bowl of soup for free!  As we were eating we kept hearing her turn customers away, telling them if they hadn't placed any orders previously, the kitchen was closed. I think it was around 7:45pm. After our meal, we had just a little pork left over- I was a little embarrassed but I've been brought up not to waste- so I asked her to pack the small amount to go. She happily obliged. We left the restaurant satiated and happy. The next day imagine my surprise when I opened the left overs and instead of that small amount of left overs she had filled our container ! She had added braised pork, tofu and egg with rice! Wow, what an incredibly nice lady! That's why I felt compelled to write this review for her (although she doesn't need it since she's turning customers away!)
Food & service are....let's say I feel like home....Mama Lee didn't except tips when we gave her so we gave her  more valuable.....hugs....next week we definitely goin ther again...4real...
Great food and excellent service! Its perfect for anybody who loves a homemade style for food. The food is also very healthy as well. I'd recommend it for people who want to eat homecooked food, but don't want to actually cook
I'd like to write a longer review at some point, but for now: fantastic lady, fantastic food, and service that goes way above and beyond what you might expect at any restaurant. Truly a gem, and I hope Mama Lee sticks around for a long time.
MamaLee has some of the best Taiwanese/Chinese/Korean fusion in NYC. This is my favorite restaurant in NYC. I would recommend it to anyone!
A small place with great food! We dined in one time with a warm welcome and a pot of hot tea. We ordered a bowl of spare rib soup and chicken roll. Food was good and felt like home with excellent services. We ordered take out for a couple of times since then. Need to call 45mins before you go pick up the food. The seafood pizza was not bad. We also tried their bitter melon with spare ribs soup and again, feel like mama's cooking!
Mama lee is the best! I felt so welcomed when I just put my foot in the door.  I ordered salt and pepper chicken which I didn't taste neither salt or pepper but the chicken was delicious and fresh. The food and atmosphere is amazing. Definitely coming back
First time stopping by MamaLee, but couldnt tell you how glad I was to come. The place is very clean and warm. The first thing (I guess mama) ask me was if I need hot tea because it was cold. She's very warm and made it feel like home which make the meal even more special. Im new to New York and for those stopping by or new here I would strong recommend here. I start coming here when ever I can now on.
Mama Lee not only cooks delicious Taiwanese food, but she makes you feel at home while doing so.  The meals prepared were full of flavor and spices without overdoing it (we loved the pork fried rice!) It is clear that Mama Lee knows what she is doing in the kitchen. Going there for the first time to pick up an order was a wonderful experience because she made us feel like we had been going there for years. You get large portions for your money and her menu has a variety of interesting choices. Two thumbs up, Five Stars, go to Mama Lees you will not regret it!
Best described as Asian soul food. Portions are generous and made to order so call ahead if you're crunched for time. The food is great and the mom n pop feel just adds to it. A true neighborhood gem.
This spot is run by the sweetest lady I've ever met. Everything I've ever gotten from here is delicious, and my friends agree. My go to place for home cooked Asian food. Glad to see they are doing such good business!
So I came her for lunch today with two of my coworkers.  We opted for the 3 for 25 menu items and ended up with the 5 Spice beef, Peking Pork Chops and Glass noodles in addition to  shrimp dumplings.  All were great and Mama Lee made us feel really welcome...glad I found a new lunch place!!
Another reviewer summed it up perfectly: delicious home cooked food when you don't feel like cooking yourself. Mama Lee is a super sweet lady. I can feed my children without feeling worried what I am putting in my children's mouths. $25 for soup rice and three dishes of your choice! Great deal! I recommend this place to everyone
Simple menu, healthier spin, great prices and portions. I love their All Natural Smoothies. My fave is the taro smoothie add up some tapioca with it. My go to place around the neighborhood
I live just a couple of blocks away and I would say i'm very well versed with all the restaurants up and down Bell.  As I was on yelp looking at some other stuff, I come to notice this restaurant in my hood which I've never even heard of,  and what?!?  there is already + 60 reviews on this place!   How did this little gem slip my radar?  Immediately, I had to investigate.  I went there mid afternoon to grab a takeout menu and discovered that they close at 8pm. There is no way, i could ever make 8pm dinner on any day, either take out or eat in. i So I browsed the menu and selected 2 items to order for take out. I ordered the beef noodle soup and lion head meatball. I enjoyed both. The Beef noodle soup I had the same night. It was not spicy and could have been more salty ( but i like to eat very strong flavors so this not a any stars against them). I just added more salt and hot sauce on my own. The lion head meatball i had for lunch the next day.  The meatball is really what sold me on this place because when i took the meatball out of the frig, it DID NOT have a layer of coagulated fat on the top.  Anybody that makes lion head meatball at home knows that when you making meatball, the sauce will have a layer of fat ( and sometime the layer is quite thick)...this order did not and that tells me that she skimmed the fat.  Clean food like home cooking is what i like. And the meatball was delicious!  I'm very excited about this place and i look forward to tasting all their items one by one! The only inconvenience is their early closing time. I will have to order and pickup in the morning to hold for evening consumption!
Nice Taiwanese attitude and dishes.  I feel like I go back to Taiwan.
She is the sweetest and nicest restaurant owner ever. She makes delicious food that isn't that oily. Her three cup basil chicken is awesome, lions head meat ball is awesome, and curry chicken and pork stuff are amazing also. I highly recommend everyone to try out her awesome food!
Fabulous! I love Mama Lee, she is very nice, the food is delicious & it is very clean here!
I went here  for the first time today.  The food was great and the owner was super nice.  She even gave us a free salad because we did not order any vegetables.  For only $18, we had really good food for 2 and even took some to go.  Probably the best chinese food youll find in the bayside area.
We ordered the 3/$25 special tonight and was shocked to find that it is now $35 when we went to pick it up.  It would have been nice to hear about the $10 increase over the phone but seriously, who jacks up the price by a whopping $10!!!!  I had high hopes for the food based on the reviews but it sent me to the bathroom after!!  I think it was the greasy meatballs and the 3 cup chicken that did me in. It's the first and last time for me at Mama Lee's.
I have never been a fan of taiwanese food, but this place is most certainly one for the books. The restaurant itself may not be in the best of shape, but the food makes up for its lack of renovation. The people there are very friendly and it's always a pleasure to visit. I have not one bad word to leak about my many experiences at this restaurant. Amazing food, great service, friendly owners, what more can you ask for?
After coming back again, I can honestly say that the food blew me away again. Everything about this place is fantastic, the staff, the food, the atmosphere, everything.
Family owned small restaurant.  The owner is super nice. Dont expect big table, and comfortable sitting. It's a tiny restaurant that only has four tables. Little pricy than other restaurant in same area, but you can't get that hometown flavor elsewhere. The owner is Chinese that was living in Korea. She made dishes that is very unique. Less greasy than others. It's worth for a try.
Good thing my friend called ahead to find out that she reserved a table for a larger group so we hurried over there. I quickly went inside the restaurant to grab a table...thank god it was emptied! I spoke Mandarin with Mama Lee and she pour two cups of cold water as my friend looks for a closer parking spot. Our stomachs were rumbling and we were starving so everything tastes so good. Honestly I was paying attention when my friend was ordering and taking Mama Lee's recommendations. She told us that we have enough food...totally right!Ooooo the purple rice with minced pork was soooo damn good! Three cups of Chicken...boneless and much easier to eat than most spots have the bone attached. The beef was so tender and melted in my mouth along with those delicious potatoes. The Taiwanese Chicken Roll so crispy and very tasty. The pork bone soup was very tasty along with the mustard greens pointed out my friend and I was thinking Chinese broccoli but duh I don't cook lol to know the difference. The dishes taste like a home-cook meal from your mom's kitchen. I am so happy that me and my friend finally popped our cherries tonight! Mama Lee is so sweet. I am sooooo incredibly stuffed and took the leftovers home. You definitely must try it pronto!
The food was delicious and the service was beyond amazing! Mama Lee sure made you feel like home, she kept asking us if we had enough rice/soup! She even gave us a complimentary veggies dish because she thought we ordered too much meat! Can't wait to go back again!
I love this because the taste recall all my memories from hometown. The owner is nice to the customer no matter how much food we ordered.
Do you have that one friend who you Love to stay over for a meal because you Know their mom/dad/grandparent's mad cooking skills? It's homemade and it's freaking better than anything you can find on the streets. No? No worries, come to Mama Lee and you'll feel right at home. Or your buddy's home. One where the aunty is kind and just wants to make sure that you're well-fed with good, fresh ingredients. I'm not sure how they do it, but the taste is definitely homemade, but so much better. I knew after having one sip of their pork bone + radish soup. We've gotten 5-6 different dishes from here over time, and I don't feel the need to go over them because they have been consistently good. While I complain about always needing to trek to other Queens neighborhoods or Manhattan for food adventures, I wouldn't trade Mama Lee's for any of the fancy new restaurants constantly popping up in the city and everyone's Instagram! Please don't go anywhere!The seating is extremely limited, however, so prepare to get your food to-go and enjoy it at the comfort of your own dining room.
Stopped at Mama Lee's on a little road trip after reading The yelp reviews. Well let me tell you, Mama Lee's is the real deal, not only is this service excellent, they were very welcoming and super friendly. The food was absolutely top-notch, authentic and a very pleasurable experience. Beef soup, with the bone broth, beef and all the innards. Tasty with great ground flavors, topped with a little chili oil. Nice!Chicken curry with potato and purple rice was spot on and tasted like it dance over from Shanghai for our meal. Pan friend dumpling. OK, if you drive all the way to this restaurant and only eat this one thing, you will be happy you did so. Possibly the best pan fried dumpling I've ever had. And I've had quite a few.
Went on a binge trying out all Taiwanese restaurants in NYC metro area.  I'll give away the ending now and declare, in my personal opinion, Mama Lee is the absolute best.First time we went to Mama Lee's, Mrs. Lee herself came over and treated us as if we were an extended family.  She greeted us, offered us soup of the day, gave us recommendations, and never rushed us.  When we went back the 2nd then the 3rd time, Mrs. Lee was just as warm as before.  Yes, she can be a bit eccentric at times with her capricious closings but that becomes inconsequential when you provide magnificent authentic Taiwanese food with warm family fuzziness.  The pork chop dish is tender and juicy without being greasy.  Of all the Taiwanese restaurants ive tried in the NY metro area, this immediately became my favorite in all of NY metro area.  This is no small feat indeed.  The veggies were just as mom would make it..  not too greasy, not too salty, just right.  Meat are always tender and full of flavor. In short, there is nothing fancy about this place.  No fancy silverware, no gimmicks, no promotions.  Just really good authentic Taiwanese food with a touch of familial warmth.  Absolutely recommended.
Great food great service.Like other reviews said we were served with the complimentary soup first.  Came here with my mom during our layover in New York. They knew my mom is a vegetarian. They gave us the "vegan" soup. The Taiwanese pork chops were good.  They did not really taste like the real Taiwanese pork chops but the flavor was good.  The tofu and vegetable were good.  They also have three different type of rices.  We were there almost one hour before their close time.  They did not rush us to finish our food when it is the close time.  They offered free food and gave us extra to-go dishes when we packed out leftover.   I wish they move to San Diego...
Mama Lee's is one of my favorite restaurants. They never disappoint and is very moderately priced, especially for how great the food is. Mama Lee is one of the sweetest ladies and is always there herself to serve and greet her customers.
ABSOULETE GEM!!The true essence of a place with no frills is the hospitality. I promise you that Mama Lee will take care of you and you'll leave feeling like you ate at your Taiwanese grandmother's house. Don't come for the decor, nice plates, or fancy menus. Do come if you want a full belly and your heart to be touched.
Mama Lee's is like a visit to your own grandmothers house!  Mama Lee is always very warm, welcoming and generous!! Whether it's ordering over the phone, in person, sit down Mama Lee will always make sure you have enough to eat and a balanced meal.  Her soups are delicious and homemade, changing upon each visit.  I brought my parents here and they can't rave about it more.  Her food is never over or under seasoned.  With delicious just right portions as well as her offering of white and purple rice.  Mama Lee is a must if you are in the area.
Best Taiwanese food I've had in the US. Been to a couple of the other places in Flushing. Those are good, but Mama Lee's is a clear cut above. The size of the restaurant itself limit the amount of seating available. There are only 4-5 tables of 4.  However, once we got seated, service was extremely swift. Mama came and took the orders from us herself. I ordered the three cup chicken, fried founder, and the Taiwanese pork chop. The meal automatically came with soup and rice. They offer 3 different choices on rice: white, brown, and purple. The soup was pork shank with dates and carrots. Pretty standard and satisfying. Seeing as how I only order protein, mama threw in a small plate of veggie on the house even outside asking. Awesome!The three cup chicken was a bit overcooked. This led to the meal being a bit tough. However, the seasoning was good. I personally prefer heavier basil, but that's just me. The pork chop was cut perhaps a bit too thin. So this led to slight overcooking that make it a bit tough similar to the chicken. The fried founder was absolutely perfect. From the texture to the taste, everything was on point here. It's probably the best Asian fish dish that I've had for quite some time. I would go back just for that dish alone. The prices on the menu include both tax and tips. This is convenient as well. Will definitely be back when I'm in the area next time.
Dining at Mama Lee's is an unforgettable experience. The food to me is pretty good, definitely worth coming back for the food alone, but the service here and the ambiance is truly what pulls my heart strings.First, this place has a B rating but that surprises me because it's EXTREMELY clean! The bathroom is behind the kitchen, and when walking to the bathroom you could see how clean everything is and how organized the sole chef is! I got here around 7:30pm on a Thursday night (didn't read the Yelp reviews saying that it's closed on certain days, so I guess I got lucky!) and it was a full house. There was a party of three waiting before me, and I also came as a party of three. Unlike what other reviews have said, Mama Lee allowed us to wait inside the establishment. The wait was pretty quick even though there is very limited seating, four tables of four as others have said. We waited about 10 minutes. I can only assume, it was Papa Lee, who cleaned the table quickly before seating us. He poured us some type of rice tea, which I really enjoyed onto some Styrofoam cups while we looked over the menu. I was disappointed to see that the 3 for $35 deal was no more, but pleasantly surprised to see that now it is basically 3 for $31! (make sure you order the dishes OVER rice, and not the other one because the portions are HUGE!!, plus the dishes over rice have the rice on the side.. see my pictures!) This was enough to fill 3 people, with leftovers!They offer some type of free veggie soup to start, and Papa Lee was very generous with asking us whether we wanted it refilled, and whether we wanted our tea refilled. Mama Lee, alike, would walk around making sure we were comfortable and giving us small talk. She even offered my brother free orange juice and gave him lots of chocolates when we left! She is so kind and acts, deserving, like a Mama! I definitely would come back because I feel so welcomed and loved here.The only con really, was that the rice was kind of cold-- making it dry and difficult to eat, but that is such a small flaw to me compared to the generosity and high remarks I would give to the rest of my experience.-- Oh.. and yes, conveniently located in front of a Q27 bus stop! Lots of parking nearby as well, since it's mainly a residential area.
I've never had an eating out experience like mama Lee. The restaurant is very very small with only four tables that each sits 4. I would imagine most of their business are from takeout and during the one hour I was there approx 2-3 different folks came in to pick up. The food is 4 star, Taiwanese style food, we ordered three cup chicken, salt pepper pork and beef noodle soup. They also provide complimentary soup as appetizer and can provide refill it seems. What really made this experience different is the service/warmth of the owner (mama Lee?) that made eating out here like eating at your relative or friends house (seriously!) She was just so welcoming, friendly and in a genuine way. She gave us a bowl of the Taiwanese style pork rice with egg for free because of our 3 year old toddler then eventually dropped off a small plate of stir fried vegetable also for free for the kid!!  FYI is that Tax and tip are included in the menu price, it doesn't say so on the menu which made the price actually very very affordable. I'll def be coming back but will prob do take out
Authentic taiwanese food !Big portion of the food, and mama Lee treats customers like her own kids. She packed my left over with some extra veggies and made it into another new lunch box without charging me fees.   Complimentary soup is very tasty and you can tell they cook it with hearts! Not like most of the places serve you some cheap soups.Stir-fry dishes are tasty, its the best Taiwanese restaurant in NYC.
Loving Mama Lee and her homemade dishes! She answers to Mama Lee and she knows what we wanted even before we ask! The shenanigans and I were finally able to visit the infamous Mama Lee after a failed first attempt. A tiny little restaurant that only has four tables with four seats each. Her menu is has an extensive variety of dishes from appetizers to vegetables to meats to seafood. We ordered three dishes: Fried Salt and Pepper Flounder, Three Cup Chicken, and Stir-fry Water Spinach. All dishes are very delicious and homey. It reminds me of a warm, home cooked meal. Fried Salt and Pepper Flounder was light and crispy. I loved the salt, pepper, and spicy combination. Three Cup Chicken, it was just a tad too hard but the flavors were amazing and probably the best version of it that I ever had. Stir-fry Water Spinach, this is one of my favorite vegetables of all times so of course it is healthy and delicious. Nothing was greasy at all. Our meal came with choice of white or purple rice, minced pork with tofu, soup, and a side cold appetizer. Mama Lee was so attentive and pays special attention to all her visitors. She knew who in my party wanted white or purple rice even before we asked. I went with the big bowl of purple rice of course! Soup was light and healthy tasting, for it was loaded with vegetables, fried tofu, and chicken.Mama Lee sure knows how to make her place feel like home! I'll be back!
Super friendly service. Food is absolutely cooked home-style. Their food is what you will find in a typical Chinese house. I would come back for the food.
Terrific food! Very nice owner! Authentic Taiwanese food!Every time we come here, we are served with food more than we can eat, the chicken soup is great, and free! I also attach the 2 different kind of food I ordered for the past 2 times
Wow, just wow. My bf wanted to try this place after reading about Ms. Lee and the restaurant on The New York Times.  We ordered the Chicken w/ Soy Sauce & Basil, Dried Sauteed String Bean and Fry Sliced Flounder Fish.She also gave us soup and cucumber side dish with our meal. Everything was delicious. Words can't describe. I don't know how else to describe how delicious the food was. She was literally "Mama Lee".  I felt like I was eating a home cooked meal at my best friend's house.At the end of our meal, we had some leftovers so we asked for a togo box and she packs it up for us with extra rice, veggies, egg and minced pork. How lovely is this woman?! Food was awesome. She was awesome. Couldn't have asked for a better meal!
I finally gave this place a try after all the hype annnnnd I don't really understand the hype. It does taste like homemade Taiwanese food, down to the plain chicken soup. But that's just the thing. It tastes like it's homemade by someone who hasn't cooked for a very long time. I miss my grandma's cooking but I couldn't come here to fill that void because frankly, my grandma's cooking was better. To me, at least. And even more frankly, I prefer my own homemade food to this and I don't even think I cook that well. So it's weird to be paying for food that I could've made. It seems that those who really enjoy Mama Lee's enjoy it exactly as it is, which I totally respect. But the hype definitely ruined it for me and I feel the need to warn people that it's not for everyone.
Very yummy food here, 2 stars off because one of the bean curd dishes we ordered was lacking in flavor big time! And the 3 cup Chicken was really hard to chew, almost like chicken jerky!Otherwise everyone here is very nice and the food comes pretty quickly, Also the soup you get with the dishes is pretty darn good compared to others!Would com back for other dishes/ takeout.
I have heard many good things about this small restaurant right by Bell Boulevard. My friend generally raves about this place and is his first choice whenever we want to meet up. However, I had never been here until now and I don't know why I stayed away so long. This place definitely has some good home cooked food just as if you were in mama lee's very own kitchen. I did come on a weekend afternoon so there was a half hour wait as there are only 4 small tables in this place. When I was waiting there was a family of 7 people also eating here and they had to sit at 2 different tables in order to eat in. There was also some young korean people here who were also enjoying mama lee's food and chatting with her.When we finally got seated we ordered several dishes. My friend told me they have a family meal that comes with soup and rice but we did not see that on the menu anymore. However, we were not discouraged but we ordered the 3 cup chicken, beef with mushrooms and chicken with eggplant. Our order came with rice and some house soup. We got to choose white, brown or purple rice. Obviously I got the purple, which is pretty much a lovely lavender hued red bean rice, which was appealing to both my mouth and my eyes.The complimentary house soup was a hearty veggie laden affair with tons of root veggies and almost with a hint of chicken and fragrant ginseng but it could have been burdock root as well and felt very nourishing as I gulped it down. As for our entrees I was looking forward to the 3 cup basil chicken since I haven't had it in awhile but even though it had good flavor it was a little dry and the chicken was a little tough on the bone and hard for me to get the meat off. We also ordered the eggplant with chicken and this chicken was velvety soft and almost melted in my mouth and it was very good with the eggplant. The beef with mushrooms also did not disappoint. The beef sauce was really tasty and there were tons of large mushroom pieces in it and definitely something I would want to order again.Mama Lee definitely gave us a lot of hospitality and spent a lot of time chatting with us at our table and offering us more refills of soup and rice and tea which was nice as I really liked the soup and wanted more purple rice.Generally there is a tea dispenser by the counter for you to serve yourself if they have not tended to you yet as this place can get busy for takeout and eat in. The family style servings weren't very big though I think each dish serves two people comfortably with rice and soup so it is recommended to get more dishes to share. Don't expect to be blown away by decor or service though as this is just a humble mom and pop type restaurant with eccentric hours and service possibly due to the fact that mama lee sometimes takes a trip to visit her kid in college but definitely drop by for some good homecooked food when you can get her and you will be treated to a delightful meal. 4 1/2 stars overall
Although there is always a wait during dinner time it's def worth our while for the good quality food and service.  The waitress and the owner Mama Lee would always greet with smiles.  All the dishes comes with unlimited white rice and they will keep coming up to you ask you to refill the complementary soup. Largest portions, reasonable prices and most importantly food taste very healthy and not greasy like your typical take-out.
The service was great the women were attentive and food was outstanding. Taiwanese food and hospitality at its best at this little eatery in Bayside. Don't let the vinyl chairs fool you We ordered enough for 10 people but given we weren't sure we'd be back in Bayside we tried everything we wanted. My 10 year old raved about the noodles with pork & tofu (we chose to opt out of the pork), we also had the salt & pepper fish, the green beans with minced pork, the minced pork with black beans and scallions, purple and brown rice. In addition the chef gave us chicken for our 2 year old (which she loved) and chicken soup. Beyond good.
This hidden little gem is the best Taiwanese cuisine we've had. I think they've been open for 2 years and no one really knew about it. We gave this place a try when the restaurant restaurant next door (a block way) had an hour and a half wait. And ever since we had been coming back, although we can never get a seat now since there was a article written about this place. I recommend the meat ball, salt and pepper fried chicken, and sweet and sour fish And the free soup is amazing!
Had dinner with family here. I think solid Taiwanese food. Not as good as in Taiwan but then there's no use comparing that. My family got the chicken roll, salt and pepper chicken, eggplant with garlic sauce, meat ball, rice with minced pork, and sauteed Chinese celery with tofu and pork. The chicken roll and rice with minced pork are apparently off menu and it seems like there's much more typical Taiwanese fare you can get if you ask. The prices seem pricy to me but the portions are good and the staff tend to give you some things for free like my family got done pickled cucumbers and minced pork for free... On top of the chicken soup that they give everyone. The minced pork and rice tastes right though it's not using pork belly which I am more accustomed to and the picked veggies with it are more like steamed salted veggies. The staff/owner? Are very friendly as well.
It was great and now significantly declined. Yesterday we went for to-go. Taiwanese Mama Lee was not there. The casher who speaks Cantonese totally had no clue on things. Order was mass. Front of house is like head-less chicken. The kitchen was bad too - the friend rice we ordered was horrible - no flavor and rice was stick as few balls. So sad!Here was my old review. I hope Mama Lee is back or can train her staff better. I have been here four times. No doubt, one of the best Taiwanese food in NY. Feel like home, free extra rice, free soup with fresh ingredient, and just like mom, the Lee would suggest you which dish is better than others. Chicken soup with wine is amazing. However, it's just really like homemade - not professional enough. Some of the days food was amazing which some of the days food was not good. I saw they put food in bowl on the floor which is not professional practice, beef friend rice - the beef some of them are much bigger than others, bamboo was from he can. I admire the fresh ingredient, family style /home made style but I also wish them bring the level to the next, more professional and more digital.
500th Review! And of course it must be dedicated to a Taiwanese restaurant. Mama Lee really reminds me of home or my aunt's house in Taiwan. If my family lived in the area, this would be the type of restaurant we would frequent often. The owner is truly such an honest and amazing person. To be honest, the food was just okay. There are a couple of Taiwanese places in Queens that I like a lot better than Mama Lee. In terms of Taiwanese food, it is 4 stars for me, but the warmth and service we received makes it 5 stars. Also shout-out to Ben L. who drove me here each time.In terms of the food, I think I over-hyped myself up because of the number of obstacles it took to get here. The first time we tried, we forgot Mama Lee is closed on Tuesday and Wednesday. The second time, we almost didn't make it before their closing time at 8pm. But thankfully, last call to order food is 7:45pm and we made it at 7:30pm. The best part about the food is that it's not oily and cooked more healthily like you would at home. You also have a choice to choose between white rice or purple rice.Complimentary Chicken Soup - Delicious and warming just like soup at home. It's full of healthy vegetables like daikon radish, carrots, and burdock root.Spicy Fish w/ Vegetables (and we requested tofu instead of vegetables) - This was the favorite dish of the night. I thought the sauce would be sweet, but it wasn't. It was savory and not too salty. The fish was well velveted and tender. I thought it could be a lot spicier though.Pork w/ Bamboo Shoots & Dry Bean Curd - I've had this better elsewhere, but very simple, homecooked taste. Very tasty.Taiwanese Chicken Roll - Very good Taiwanese chicken roll as chicken rolls go, which by the way is actually made out of pork. The sauce tastes like it's made with ketchup instead of Taiwanese sweet chili sauce (甜辣醬), but the chicken roll itself had lots of texture from the vegetables. Chicken w/ Soy Sauce and Basil - I enjoyed this dish because of the abundance of basil and that the chicken was both crispy and tender at the same time. The chicken is conveniently all boneless. It lacked sauce though, which Taiwanese Three Cup Chicken is supposed to have a lot of.Pork Chop (Taiwanese Style) - Least favorite dish of the night. It was not crispy and had a weird sweet flavor without having the sweet and salty 5 spice taste. I recommend not ordering this dish.In the Three Cup Chicken dish, we found a little shred of one of those stainless steel pot scrubbers. But whatever, this is homecooking. At home, I would just remove it and keep on eating and that's exactly what we did. We did tell the owner though, and she immediately went to admonish her cook. Later, she came out with a complimentary plate of Taiwanese chicken rolls from the chef who made it for us as apology. Not only that, she encouraged us to stay and eat/talk as long as we wanted because they were going to stay until 10pm to clean anyways. As we were talking, she later came out to give us Danish cookies, Starbucks Frappuccino, and the most random thing of all a bar of soap in a really nice box. Wow...what a generous person...but the bar of soap kind of confused me. When we were paying, we found that the bill totaled to a lot less than the prices listed on the menu. We asked the owner and she explained how she did the bill. You might think prices are higher now, but the cost of produce is also pretty insane right now. The owner told us how cabbage went from a dollar something to 6 dollars something. The day she went, the cost of produce went down a little, so she lowered the cost of the dishes we ordered. She charges fairly. If the market price of ingredients is less that day, she will lower the bill. Fairest business owner I have ever encountered.Besides that, portions are also huge with tax and tip included. People forget this fact and then complain about how expensive it is. A person's got to make a living.
The place is pretty crowded during weekend lunch time. We waited for 20mins to get a table. The dish was decent and authentic. Hot soup is served for free. They have real chili oil, not just sriracha. The staffs are really friendly.
This is a place we go to all the time when we are in the neighborhood. The food is good and Mama Lee is very friendly. She often gives extra food to children, like my 2 year-old son, without extra charge. I feel this place is not just a business but also like a home kitchen. We will continue visiting.
Sorry mom, i cheated on you.I went to MAMA LEEs for dinnerHole in the wall mom and pops restaurat. Only 2 people oparating 4 tables plus phone order / take out. Of its crowded please be patient.Got my 3 Cup chicken (boneless) $10.50 over riceshe brought me more than 3 cup, she gave me a side dish of cucumbers, and her home made soup (chicken, corn, radish, carrots and ginger).She came over my table every 5 minutes to make sure i am well fed. (Like a mom).I wanted to order more but she didnt let me because she said it was good enough for me.She made me smile!. **** new menu no more combo. Prices are included tax and tips. **** I believe they accept Credit card now (visa. Master. Discover)
waitress asked us what type of rice we wanted with the pork chop rice.. and then the owner yelled at us when we were not allowed to get purple rice with the pork chop rice.. why don't you yell at your worker, we didn't even care if you gave us white rice..food tastes ok
I finally got to try Mama Lee last night after having bookmarked this restaurant for months! Upon entering the brightly lit restaurant, you will find it to be quite cozy in there. There are only four tables, each with about six chairs. Luckily for us, there was one table available so we snagged it with the quickness. I hear it is usually packed in here. Even as we were seated, there was a constant stream of people coming to eat in as well as people picking up their takeout. We ordered the braised pork, tofu, and egg over rice as well as the family value combo meal for $35 which comes with three dishes of your choice, soup of the day, and rice. For our three dishes, we picked: large pork meatball (lion's head), chicken with soy sauce and basil (three cup chicken), and the salt and pepper fried fish fillet. All to share amongst three people. And yes, it is too much food. Insane.I honestly did not care much for the braised pork, tofu, and egg over rice entree. The pork was ground pork versus pork belly, which I think would've added much more depth to it. Even the egg was kind of blah. I found that entree to be fairly bland overall and just unremarkable as a whole. It was not a hit for any of us at the table.The soup of the day was a pork and bitter melon soup. For those who are not fans of bitter melon, not to worry - the bitter melon was not overwhelming at all and honestly, I barely even noticed it. The soup was light and a just a great start for what is to come. The pork meatballs were awesome. I've never had lion's head before but it was definitely a great introduction. The dish came with two large meatballs served over a bed of napa cabbage. The minced pork meat just melts in your mouth. The three cup chicken is probably the most popular dish here and with good reason. The semi-sweet glaze was perfect and the flavors were aromatic and bold. The fish fillet was lightly fried and not greasy at all, not overly salty nor overly spicy... just flawless. I honestly cannot even say which dish I liked most. I thought they were all really great. I'm a fan of this place and I can totally see why it scores such high reviews on Yelp. All the foods really have a homemade feel to it, nothing overly salty nor oily. Everything seems very healthy. It almost seems weird calling it a restaurant because you really feel like you're eating in the kitchen of an aunt. The service here is impeccable as well; they treat you like you are part of the family. They will constantly refill your rice and soup (even when you don't ask) to make sure you don't go hungry.Just a warning though: My friend is a regular and had told me that Mama Lee closes at random hours sometimes so it may be wise to call ahead of time before heading over.CASH ONLY!
I've always liked this place. Both the food and the hospitality is great here. Mama Lee treats you like her own children and most of the food tasted very homemade.
Mama Lee is back and she is the best. I come in with my cousin and she treats us like family every time. The food is GREAT. The portions are GREAT. The service is like being in someone's home. Don't expect fine dining service. Go somewhere else if that's what you want!
Finally got a chance to try the amazing MamaLee out here in Bayside. Last time when I visited was surprised to see they took a long vacation, this time however Mama Lee is back to the kitchen and really cooked up an amazing meal for us to try. I knew the place was small when I read the reviews and luckily when we arrived one of the four tables was available.They're a very small operation only about 3 people working in the restaurant, however the food we had were quite delicious indeed and definitely lives up to the hype. We end up getting the 3 dishes + soup for $35 tax included. At first the portion didn't seem much but it was definitely enough for a family of 4 or more. I'll list out a bit about what we got that day.Soup of the day - I believe the soup changes daily and when we were there we got to try a variation of the miso soup with chunks of salmon and some picked veggies. A bit more sour than your typical Japanese miso soup but I really quite liked it. The salmon had skins intact so it gave the broth more oily flavor. She was very generous with the soup even offer us extra refills and extras to bring homeThree cup chicken - My personal favorite dish, very authentic and delicious chicken. The sauce is just right and flavorful, I especially liked the hint of the spiciness the chili pepper brought out the dish. Definitely recommended.Fish fillet w/ Pickled Vegetables - The vegetables weren't as sour as I usually have which I think is more welcoming to people foreign to traditional Chinese/Taiwanese dishes. The fish were very soft and tender, making it very compliment to go with white rice. Honestly i can probably eat bowl after bowls of rice with just this dish haha.Chinese Cabbage /w Dried Shrimp - Another great dish to go with the white rice. I noticed its a bit sweeter than what I'm more used to for a veggie dish but I think that's a good choice. Its not overly greasy or oily but quite flavorful. Although if you're not used to Asian cooking you might find it too slimy or runny :) Overall it was a great visit, very glad I had a chance to try out Mama Lee's authentic cooking. Definitely will be back here regularly. Since its in the residential Bayside area street parking wasn't too hard to find. Also like most small business they're cash only. I very much prefer coming out here than going to the crowded Flushing for some delicious Taiwanese food!
I love this place! My favorite restaurant on Bell right now. Price is so fair and the portions are great. I love the soup they give you in the beginning!!!! My boyfriend and I were so full after this meal. I can't wait to come back! We got the chicken rolls which were awesome though a bit greasy. The Three Cup chicken was delicious as well. Very friendly staff and the service is quick too.
Quite amazing place. This place is so small. 5 tables.Our first impression was the menu is pretty pricy compares places in flushing. 1 dish is about $14-16 on average. Anyways we decide to give a try. We were first served with a complementary soup - we were surprise! I never had a restaurant provide me with a bowel of well present and delicious chicken soup. Their self service sweet tea taste great! I had 2 cups. The dishes came in no time and they are surprisedly delicious. I had the celery mix with pork and Taiwanese style noodle. The portion is big. The total came out around $28... which include tax and tips, complementary soup... not bad at all. We left wth big smiles on face. We will sure come back.  The service was friendly as well.
This is by far the most authentic Taiwanese place in NYC! The owner is very hospitable and makes us feel like at our grandma's house. Delicious food, extra food and drinks, and chatting with us, a true place to go when you really miss Taiwanese flavor. You will go home with fulfilled stomach and heart.
A quick update- The food is great but the service is not the friendliness compare to a regular restaurant. It is truly a mom & pop shop and they don't apply any restaurant management models.....There are only 4 sets of table for four and a crowd can build up very quickly.They may ask you to go take a walk around the block! If you go and come back, expect to wait at the end of the line again. Don't get too upset with them. If you are willing to wait, you will enjoy a very good meal.They do close at 3PM-5PM for a siesta.The food is still great.Tip: ask for the purple rice. CASH only.
The eggplant and the flounder dishes were amazing! What this venue lacks in ambiance, it definitely makes up for it with the food. What a great value!
Delicious meal, the friendliest owner who is quite motherly and brought us things as she noticed we wanted things. Even when she was closed she kept trying to feed everyone who walked in. Her tip was that she is often busy with other things so call to make sure she's open before going in. The other end of this was the extra containers of soup she sent us home with because she was going to be closed the next couple days and noticed we enjoyed her soup so much. Closes pretty early.
My new favorite Taiwanese spot! Everyone here is super nice, feels like I'm at home. They bring you unlimited free soup (and it's a really yummy pork bone soup) and sides. The food is very good, and very generous portions. They even gave me an entire container of soup plus a fresh carton of rice to go with my leftovers (basically gave me another meal to go!). I loved the pork with dry bean curd and the sautéed string beans. The salt & pepper pork chop is alright too, but I'll have to try the fried one next time. Lastly, the price is quite reasonable considering tip and tax was included in the menu price. The only downside is that the place is kinda small, but that's to be expected of a mom and pop shop like this. If you have a group of 5 or more people, you should probably call ahead.
Tried this place out since they had 4.5 stars on yelp. This place is whatever, it's a small little place that has 5 tables which seats 4 people. Price is a little expensive for the dishes they serve. Food was just okay. i had the minced pork with bean curd over rice & my bf had the taiwanese pork chop. Oh & they have no restroom for customers, which makes no sense
Came here for the first time and based on the reviews I ordered the large pork meatballs, chicken w/soy sauce and basil, and the spicy fish with tofu instead of vegetables which also came with soup and 4 rice (choice of: white, brown, or purple) as part of the Family Value Combo Meal for $45, no longer $35. It is not on the menu anymore. The portions were good but the food to me was mediocre. The meatballs were very oily and and tasted bland and the chicken w/soy sauce and basil had no flavor as did the spicy fish with tofu. The soup was also very bland, had no flavor at all.I always try to support the neighborhood mom and pop shops but once is good enough for me. I honestly don't understand the rave reviews as for my experience, everything tasted bland and at $45 it is not a value (elsewhere it's $28.95). A mark up of $10 is pretty steep for mediocre food to me. The place was completely empty the whole time I was there. Mama was nice and poured me a cup of tea but nothing out of the ordinary. Sadly enough with the crazy mark up in prices (everything on the menu has gone up around $5) and no customers, I feel the place won't last much longer.
Mama Lee's is my favorite food spot in my town. The person who's the face of this place, whom I presume is Mama Lee, struck me as sharp, energetic, and friendly. The lime green and orange wall colors inside are bright. I've tried the black bean sauce with tofu over rice, as well as the fish and pickled vegetable dish over rice. I enjoyed the latter because it wasn't spicy, and I loved its soft texture: the fish was boneless and chewy, the pickled vegetables had just the right amount of taste to them (they weren't bland nor were they overwhelming). I appreciated that the staff here gives you free rice refills and free soup as well, I think! I've come here for dinner at 7:30PM and for a late 3:30PM lunch during the weekday, and Mama Lee's was packed both times. Granted, the dining space is rather small, but I can tell that it is a popular spot.I appreciate that Mama Lee and her comrade walk around the tables to make sure everybody's doing alright, and both of them interact often with their customers sitting at the tables. That's why this place has a welcoming, relaxed vibe that resonates with me and hearty Taiwanese food. That's why I think this spot is a must-try for anyone who lives in or visits the area!
Going by the name and the presentation of the restaurant-- you would definitely get a homey vibe.... and yes, to me, it did indeed feel like dinner at home. Even the dishes (albeit restaurant quality), felt like home-made food.Firstly, the restaurant itself is really small, it's about the size of a take-out place with 4-ish tables (if memory serves me correct). The one thing you notice, aside from it being small, is that it is really, really, plain-- but clean (white walls... white walls... white walls... the whole nine yards-- ya know?). I mean, we just want to eat food and feel comfortable (if we wanted the fancy smacy decor, we'd be in the hip and happenin' city right?).Now, when I went with my family, Mama Lee wasn't there-- so I have nothing to say about service, it was normal.When you order your meal(s), you will get an unlimited filling of chicken soup (with cabbage and carrots and potatoes, yum!). If you order rice with your dishes, you can refill your rice too (which is great because more red rice... um.. yes?). Now... on to the food... The food was SO FLAVORFUL, not very oily, and looked super fresh... wow, party in my mouth much? I don't even know if there should be any recommendations, because out of the 5 - 6 dishes we ordered, they were all, ON POINT..... so... pleasantly surprised I was!!I don't even care about anything else, their food speaks for itself (ugh, now back to my own homecooking....).Yay! I'm a fan ;)
The best of the best.The most delicious Taiwanese cuisines available outside the motherland.Mama Lee, the person, is the warmest, motherly lady you'll meet. The service is fast, clean, and health-conscious.Huge variety for the space and generous portions.
Very very authentic Taiwanese cuisine. All the dishes come with free purple rice and choice of soups, free roasted corn tea and deserts for ladies.
MamaLee's is a hidden gem in Bayside. I've got to say- their food is amazing. There are a lot of photos on Yelp with their old menu- they have changed their menu since. Please try to find a newer one. OTHER THAN THAT- their food again. B-O-M-B. I got their three cup chicken and salt and pepper flounder. I'm even picky about white rice and their rice was great. They also have other types of rice options for you if you'd like.Their place may look modern but their food is very authentic and done the right way. On the inside, it's a bit small. I believe there are only six tables or so that seat about four people each. They do take-out and I would encourage that if you are in a rush. Their menus have either full on entrees or over rice dishes. Lots of options.If you dine-in, they have great service. They put a smile on your face and always make sure that your cup is filled with their awesome tea and they make really good homemade soup with not too much MSG! I'm not Taiwanese but it makes me feel like home going there. I love mamalee's. Thanks for the great service and food!Thank you for reading.
Love this place. Eating at Mama Lee's is like eating my mom's delicious home-cooked Taiwanese food... except better (sorry mom)! Not only that but Mama Lee is very nice. She offered me a hot cup of tea while I waited for my take-out order to be ready. I've tried various things on the menu... 3 cup chicken, salt & pepper chicken, jia jiang mian and Taiwanese pork chop over rice... would recommend all of these.This place used to get overly busy (so much that my take out orders would take 1+ hrs to be ready) but it seems like it has gotten better since they raised prices a bit. Not saying that I like more expensive food, just pointing out that seems like service has improved because of it.
Took my family here for my brother's post-graduation celebratory dinner on a weekday after a random search for Taiwanese food on yelp. We normally go to Nan Bei Ho which is in the same neighborhood but I'd been wanting to try a new place. Luckily my family trusted me enough (I'd never been here myself), and at the end of the meal it was a consensus that Mama Lee was a good find, and trust me, this is rare considering my mom ALWAYS rags on Taiwanese cooking outside of her own kitchen. We got the 3-dish family combo plus an additional dish: the 3-cup chicken (labeled as "chicken w/ soy sauce & basil" on the menu), onion pork chop, sauteed beef w/ black pepper and sweet & sour fish fillet. The latter two are on a separate smaller menu (see pic) that's unfortunately w/o English translation but for your reference, it's #23 and #37, respectively. The 3-cup chicken wasn't as thickly cubed as those served at Nan Bei Ho, but tender and savory nonetheless. Everything was much closer to homemade Taiwanese food compared to most restaurants; that is, without excessive salt, grease, or sugar. My mom cooks very light which cultivated a relatively light palate in me, and we both approved of these dishes. The taste is distinctly flavorful and goes well with rice, yet it doesn't sit heavily and linger in your stomach as it otherwise would if packed in a pool of grease, nor does it stick to the back of your tongue that you'd be compelled to rinse out your mouth with tea before tackling a different dish.   Rice and soup come with the family combo. There's even a choice of purple rice, a perfect alternative for health fanatics. Tea is served as per usual, but there is also self-serve water in a water cooler near the counter. Service is pretty efficient for such a small establishment run by two people; we didn't have to wait long for our food. Even if there happens to be a wait, there's papers available by the windows to pass time (Mama Lee actually handed my dad a copy of World Journal). I believe her husband is the cook and she mainly mans the counter and manages the guests. She's conversational in Mandarin, English and Korean. Price is comparable to most dine-in Chinese restaurants. Our bill came out to be about $10 per person.  Mama Lee is seriously one of the most hospitable restaurant owners/servers I'd ever encountered in the US, if not anywhere. She's so exceedingly friendly, attentive, and goes the extra mile for each of her customers. When we asked for to-go boxes and my mom mentioned I'd be taking the leftovers for office lunch, Mama Lee actually offered to also pack me a container of rice (!!!). That's like extra five miles she went right there. She made us feel right at home - as in Taiwan - and the quality of food as well as service attitude gave us a reason to return.
Very Friendly restaurant .. although the restaurant is small and there was short wait when we arrived. But the line moves quick. we had the special 3 dishes + 1 soup for 45 (tips included). The portion is generous and dishes were delicious. Unlimited soup and rice for those who has bigger appetite! We will def revisit this place in very near future!
Kid tested, Asian-immigrant mother approved!  Mama Lee serves up authentic Taiwanese food that's not too salty or greasy.  If Taiwanese food is new to you, I attached a picture so you can know what to order.  Clockwise from top left, there's the mugwort sticky rice patty, pork intestine noodles, Taiwanese chicken roll with my favorite dipping sauce of all time (mostly sweet, but a tad spicy), and pork mushroom soup.Prices are incredibly reasonable as well and there's a family special where you can order 3 dishes for just $35. There's also some Korean food on the menu (e.g. jap chae, kimchi beef) since that's where Mama Lee grew up.The restaurant is really clean and Mama Lee greets everyone with a smile and friendly conversation.  She even speaks fluent English, Korean, Mandarin, and Taiwanese!  It's pretty amazing.
Found this healthy take out joint in our neighborhood.  No MSG.  The Platers comes with a choice of white, brown or purple rice.  My favorite dishes are combo fried chicken and fried pork chop plater
My family came here after my daughter's dance class. This place is so great. Nice people nice food and the price is very reasonable. Definitely will come bak
I happen to love this place. My own mom didn't cook Taiwanese food, so I can't compare it with my own mother's cooking. The place is small. 4 tables to be exact. Did I love everything we ordered, no, but then again I don't usually like Taiwanese food. But then again not all their food is Taiwanese.What I did like is the chicken roll which was served with ketchup, Jia Jiang Mein and the chicken with soy sauce and basil which is made with dark meat. All three dishes were yummy. They served us the bittermelon soup with our meal. I hate bittermelon but I gave it a try....it was delicious!!!!! It was not bitter at all. I would drink that soup again!What I didn't like was the braised pork, tofu and egg over rice. I felt the egg was dry and the tofu marinade was not my thing...but I think it's a Taiwanese flavor to the tofu that I didn't like. I would come back and try other things though. I would probably try the family combo where you get to chose 3 dishes and comes with rice and soup for $35. If I have cravings for the food, then it must have been good for me. I can't wait to go back.
Love you Mama Lee! You are one of the sweetest person I have ever met in my life. Not only that, but your food is delicious and it does justify your price increase of the 3 dish Family Value Combo Meal from $35 to $45 with white/brown/purple rice and soup included. If you want something close to a home cooked Taiwanese meal with less sodium, less sugar, less oil, and possibly no MSG (but still has a lot of flavors), you come to Mama Lee's Kitchen. I ordered a bunch of things for the family...cause obviously, we were all too lazy to cook. Got the Fish Filet with picked vegetables, Pork with bamboo shoots, 3 cup chicken, and Mama Lee included 4 rice and a large quart of soup. I really like the purple rice. It's a small little restaurant located in Bayside with a few tables. She's exactly like my mom, who places posters of all these healthy ingredients around the kitchen. But she's also very Americanized in the sense that her English is amazing and she's very cool to talk to. I'm so upset that I did not know about this place sooner. She just won herself another loyal customer!FYI: She takes credit cards! Yelp says she doesn't, but she has been for the last 3 years.
If you look in from the outside through the front window this is what you'd see:  it's a small, bright, clean, simple establishment.  The walls, floors and tables aren't cluttered but rather very clean and spotless.  There are only four tables and four seats to each.As soon as you enter, you're greeted and seated immediately - given there's an open table.  The menu has plenty to choose from so it is rather difficult to come to a decision so I'd suggest you visit more than once and try something new every time.There's a jia jiang mien that was actually pretty good and that I find better than that which I've had from other places.  First, the sauce isn't too salty nor does it drown out the noodles.  I know of some places that skimp out on the noodles and it feels like you're drinking the sauce.  On the other hand, there's a lot more noodles and given the bowl itself is a lot larger than I anticipated, there's plenty to share.  Kudos if you can finish it on your own; you'll want to save some of your stomach to try the other stuff.As far as Taiwanese dishes go, I'm always eager to try the minced pork from different places as it is a staple dish and can be cooked in so many different ways.  Here the minced pork on rice is served with some fried tofu pieces, a hard boiled egg, and cabbage.  I very much enjoyed the tofu in combination with the pork and rice, but then again I typically like fried tofu nearly everywhere I go.  The pork itself looks dry but it has so much of the soupy flavor soaked up it has a great taste and the soupy sauce itself soaks into the rice beneath.The managers/owners were very kind and checked with us often to see if there was anything more we needed or wanted to add.  We were served a complimentary soup after ordering.  What I was most surprised and impressed with was that the food came out of the kitchen so quickly I wondered if it had been rushed and lacked quality, but it didn't.  I guess that's one of the perks of having so few tables/orders to have to cater to at one time.  I would love to come back again and try all that this place has to offer and I would recommend anyone stop in to grab a bite if you're in the area.  Be warned, this place isn't very large so I wouldn't advise coming with a group any more than 4.  Also, this place isn't open very late so make an effort to have an earlier dinner around 630 or 7pm.
I can't say enough good things about mama lee. She is an awesome host. when you eat at her restaurant you are treated like a family friend. Food is excellent. You won't get sick from eating here like you may at a place like bkny. Here, you can taste the passion integrity and honesty in her cooking. It's pricier than Chinese take out, yes, but even still, it is still a tremendous value. The only problem is that she works too hard and is burning out more frequently which worries me that the restaurant may not last long.
Didn't get to try many more dishes, but will not get the Three Cups Chicken again.  It seems they pre-cooked the meat first and when there's order, they cook the last step.  Unfortunately this makes the chicken meat quite chewy/dry.  Kind of pricey for the food you get here, but the portion and friendly staff helped.  Overall the foods alone I'd rate 3 stars.
Don't even know where to start... Mama Lee offers generous portion, uses high quality ingredients and is so delicious! Only negative and I say only 1 is that it's a small place with only 5 tables... wish they were bigger! Maybe one day.. sigh...The service is always on point! Mama Lee is always there and makes your dining experience feel very personable and pleasant. Tip is not necessary as it is built into the price. Today we had the salt and pepper chicken, the lions head meatballs and the elephant ear mushroom vegetable dish (pics included). All 3 dishes were flavorful and we were all stuffed. Every meal includes a soup which includes free refills.. what better than that?! Sadly (for us not for Mama Lee) they had a rave review in the New York Times which has increased in customer traffic which resulted in more dishes being sold out earlier. With that said Mama Lee is a place you'll want to check out!
Mama Lee's is truly like going to your mom's.  We went 2 nights ago and she, as always, treated us as family. When packing the leftovers, she included extra rice and soup. On the way out we were admiring her plants and she gave us one to take home! One our boys got an extra kiss on the head! Always a treattreat​!! FYI, he said she's closing for a break in August.
Just happened to be around the neighborhood and it had good reviews so I picked up the beef stew noodle soup and the spicy noodles. I was surprised at how good it was. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed both the noodles and we will def be coming back for more!
It's like having the best Asian mother cooking your favorite comfort food for you!!!!   Mama Lee is the real deal.  If you can call and place your order first so that the dish that your craving hasn't sold out by the time you get there.  My advice is to try the meatballs they are out of this world.
What a find. First, terrific food, terrific owner, and very nice help. Friendly, home cooking and definitely to much food. Only five tables. Go there weekdays, lunch, off hours. I'm afraid she'll expand and destroy such a lovely neighborhood spot. Bring wine, I gave her an opener. Have fun
Really reminds me of my Mom's cooking and how she hovered over us , asking is it good, do you need more soup, more rice?  Cooking is simply the world's best, mom's cooking.  Always felt sentimental coming here, because it felt like home.  You pitch in, clean tables or set up tables automatically, get up and get your own water, sanitize your hands, just like at home.
Had a very bad experience first time dining at this place, and do not wish to ever go back here. This restaurant was recommended by a friend, but I found the food very mediocre and the attitude of the owner extremely rude. The mushroom and beef dish was very bad, don't order that. My friend likes the pork &a baby bamboo shoot & dry bean curd, I thought it was okay, had better ones in other Taiwanese restaurants in queens. The dried sautéed string beans was also mediocre, not bad. The nice thing about this place is the complimentary soup you get for the table, and you can choose white or purple rice for each person. I've only been here once, and I found the owner rude. Other friends who have been the many times dine in and take out think she has an attitude. Apparently they'll tell you you have to wait for two hours before you can come pick up your food when you order. She treats the customer more like a guest to her place, she doesn't need you there but you need her food, not like a customer. Definitely doesn't care about loosing customer. We were pretty offended by her order now or get out attitude, but it was a full house.
I think all moms are amazing, but Mama Lee will win the mother of the year award every year if there is such thing. She is just so kind and friendly you will feel you are at home when you go to her restaurant. I usually take my food to go and she would give me extra rice and complimentary soup (delicious) every single time, and she would advise me if the food was going to be a bit salty and offer me even more rice and soup. Not many owners do that and it's not about the free sides as it is about her genuine kindness. The prices may seem a bit steep but it's really worth every penny and for those of your who live far away and are hesitant to venture out to this place, just do it!
I love this place, small but oh boy sooo amazing!!'The fish lo main in the best, also love salt & pepper chicken, all their vegetables and the service is awesome
This place has very good services. Its better to dine in, because the cashier will serve you like in your own home. The place is small, but it makes you feel like home. Very friendly waiter asked to adjust our order because we ordered too much. Love this place, we will definitly come back next time.
Taiwanese home cooking! Place is tiny but cozy and meant more for take out than dining in. But go early and you may be able to grab one of the four dining tables. Very fresh and flavorful. My five year old son, who can be a picky eater at times, devoured her dishes. She grows her own vegetables and
When you order, they give you a complimentary chicken soup with radish and carrot. It's exactly what I was looking for on a damp day. My mom and I shared Taiwanese pork chop over rice. My husband and dad shared the dried sautéed string bean, black fungus with celery and two bowls of purple rice (you have a choice of purple, white and brown rice when you order from the alacarte menu vs from the "over rice" menu). It was sooooo good. It's a very small place (5 tables of 4) and always full. They close between 4-5 pm. Check their hours before going!
You know when you get really excited to go to one of your aunt's house who always makes truly amazing food? Well, picture that here, don't go coming here thinking of this place as a restaurant, think of it as a person's home that they happen to charge for food. There are two types of food that I adore: people who went to culinary school, has Michelin stars, highly rated by Zagat and Yelp blah blah blah but also those who cook from the heart and cook really amazing food to feed people because that's their calling. We often look at restaurants and food as a business, especially in New York, but we kinda forget the most fundamental aspect of food and that is to care for people. After my meal, I had a chance to talk with Mama Lee for a few minutes and I was genuinely in awe at the way she views food and how she treats people. She treats people like family, like her family and she works really hard to make sure she takes care of people. If people come in hungry and can't afford food, well heres a little something. If you are a single mother and you have no way of getting food home, well here a little something. I think the idea of her making food and people genuinely enjoying it, must makes her truly happy. And like any home, there are certain things you'd expect in being in one. There was a little boy with his family eating and she gave him homemade oatmeal cookies and told him to make sure he washes his hands. She is a warm person, like all mothers but she will also set your ass straight when she has to. She tells us that some of the teens would come after school and sometimes curse or put their feet up on the table, she will not have that here, oh no no no. She sets them straight real quick, you are in her place, show some damn respect! The restaurants does have some crazy hours since it is a 3 person team, she gets up at 6am to hit 4 different markets, she puts time and effort to produce a quality product and it shows. The food is not oily, greasy or heavy, I was kinda shocked at how much I ate and didn't get that disgusting full feeling. This is by no means supposed to be "restaurant quality" food, but it is food made by someone who loves to cook and it was easily the best Taiwanese food I ever had. The food:Chicken w/ soy sauce & basil aka Three Cup Chicken- This is kinda the go to dish in Taiwanese places and I thought this was excellent, the dark meat chicken was cooked perfectly, tender on the inside with a nice give on the outside. There was a good amount of basil in the dish and it flavored the dish nicely, I also really like the addition of the stir fried ginger and garlic, they both had a nice char on both pieces. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Salt and Pepper Fish- I am not Chinese, so I was looking at the English menu, I asked her what she recommended and she points out items from the Chinese or Taiwanese menu. She listed a few items and wham, we got a few awesome specials. The fish was cooked perfectly, it was not greasy at all. The fish filets were accompanied with red chili peppers and garlic which perfumed the filets nicely. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Large Pork Meatball aka Lion's Head- This was kinda the shocker dish for me since I tried this somewhere else & I did not like it. The one here was awesome, the flavor was great, it was not too sweet & the meat was so damn tender. It was such comfort food.Tomato w/ Egg(stirfry)- This is another dish that surprised me, had this somewhere else & thought it was just OK. The version here was so balanced & flavorful.Salt & Pepper Fried Chicken- I thought the chicken was great, it had good flavor without being too oily & I enjoyed the salt & pepper seasoning. yelp.com/user_local_phot…String beans with ground pork- This was another item on the Chinese/Taiwanese menu & it was great as well. The string beans were so tender and the pork paired well with the pickled veg. The pork did have a slightly weird flavor to me, I wasn't sure if it was the seasoning or the way it was cooked but still a great dish overall. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Fish W/ Vegetables with tofu as a substitute for the vegetables. I thought this dish was great, it really reminded of the Szechuan chili oil fish dish, the dish had heat and the fish had great flavor with a nice flakiness. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pork w/ Baby Bamboo shoot & Dry Bean Curd- This is such a homey dish, it's so simple & so basic but so good. The bamboo had a really nice mouth feel and the pork & dry bean curd is not exciting but good. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Soooo good! Home cooking! Meal comes with homestlye soup so yummy. Beef noodle and taiwanese pork chop over rice was delicious!
I would say 3.5 star. Maybe it was her off day but I really found the food average. Nothing to rave about and I am really perplexed by all the high ratings. The food is not bad but not great either.
Nice little establishment with great service. The lady here is very kind to her customers and does her best to make sure they leave with happy bellies.The Taiwanese pork chop over rice here is very tasty, the pork chop is crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. eat dish is accompanied with a nice soup on the side. The menu is massive so i'm eager to go down the list and see how everything else tastes.This place doesn't feed large groups well but they do do take-out so definitely come here if you love eating Taiwanese food.
This is a review for pickup. I was there last Sunday ordered the braised tofu, fried flounder and basil chicken. In that order, Mamalee snuck in a Chinese cucumber side dish and a large container of soup for free. The quality of her food is no doubt spectacular. They are unlike most Chinese restaurants around. Hard to explain. You just have to experience it yourself. She was amazingly warm and friendly. I had told her that I can't stay to eat dinner, but rather have to opt for take out. She immediately pour some tea for me to make me feel comfortable and was very courteous.
Home cooked style meals by sweet sweet owners. Every dish was so delicious and complimentary soup before and after meal! You can't go wrong eating here. It's a small place and packed during lunchtime but it calms down after awhile. Worth every minute of waiting. I could eat here day after day.
Excellent food and good service. Just check before you come she closes often for vacation. Pork chop and chicken soy sauce with basil are excellent.
Home style Taiwanese. Small tables seat up to four. Warm, thoughtful, friendly proprietress!
I just had a delicious lunch here with my parents. The place is tiny with four tables with 4 seats each. It seemed more of a take out place than an eat-in joint. But we were lucky and snagged a table. We ordered the braised pork with tofu and egg over rice, beef noodle soup, and salt and pepper fried chicken. Each dish was $8.50 and the portions were large. The braised pork with tofu was quite flavorful. The beef noodle soup was really good and so was the salt and pepper fried chicken. All the food was authentic and not loaded with MSG like other Chinese restaurants. The owners were super friendly and even brought out an extra soup dish. There was pork and veggies and bitter melon inside. It was the perfect accompaniment to a cold Fall day. The portions were so large that we had leftovers. She even added some more braised pork to our to-go bag! Closed on Tuesdays and cash only!
The price increase for this place, the food is pretty oily, and she is not as nice as she used to be
A four.one star review for this far away Taiwanese restaurant all the way in Bayside.I'm not sure if I'd ever get a chance to come back, but I hope I do. Quite thankful a good friend of mine had planned to take me here. When I arrived, I was thinking to myself? Really? A hole-in-the-wall? A hole-in-the-wall that's not even by the train or by a congested area, but rather all the way out in the burbs? Well, sometimes these hole-in-the-walls are truly the best surprises for anyone to eat at. Ironically, there was also a Chinese takeout in the same plaza that Mama Lee was located in.At first look, it just looked like another Chinese takeout spot. There were a few tables inside and maybe at max capacity could only seat twelve people. But we were greeted cheerfully by Mama Lee herself? Either way, she was beyond helpful. Surprisingly, and I hated to sound like I'm stereotyping - but her English was great. And yeah, I was surprised...all the way out in the depths of Queens to find one of the few spots that has a host that spoke English well was an astonishment. She was able to recommend items and tell what was popular without a quizzicle tone. We ended up choosing the pork & onions over rice and the spicy beef strips over rice. We weren't sure how big the portions were as they came in "half" sizes or "full." And boy, it's a good thing that we chose the half. The portions were HUGE. In addition to that, this is the first place in the world that has ever offered me REFILLS on the rice. I wish I were hungry that day because I had more than enough of my pork & onions to keep adding rice to. The pork was tender and it had just enough onions to compliment it rather than over power it. I tried my friend's spicy beef strips and they had a real good kick to it.But before we got our entrees, we were also surprised by complimentary chicken soup. The broth wasn't thick and the cabbage and carrots that were floating in it had just enough flavor to fill and warm you up. The pieces of chicken were fantastic. It wasn't salty, it wasn't dry. I probably could have had the whole bowl of soup as my entree and it would have been a great meal in itself.Now, I guess the only "flaw" that you can say about Mama Lee is that the prices are indeed higher than your typical takeout dishes. But the fact you can get free refills on your rice and have soup - the prices are worth it. I hope that I'll be able to come back and try some of the other dishes some day.It's also CASH ONLY.
Finally, my favorite place is back open after a month long vacation.  Mama Lee and her company is back and the food is as good as its ever been. They even have daily specials.  This place is one of the best kept secrets, it is a true mom and pop shop where it feels like you're going home for dinner. If you're in the neighborhood and looking for something delicious, try this place out. Highly recommended.
Basically the paragon of perfection. I came here with a friend for dinner after classes and we both loved every single aspect of Mama Lee's restaurant. From the simple decor to the cheap and delicious food, everything just came together to form a remarkable dining experience. When we first entered, Mama Lee greeted us warmly with menus as we took our seats at one of the vacant tables. Note that this is a very small restaurant that can probably only sit a maximum of 16 people so try to come in smaller groups. There is no bathroom but there is hand sanitizer and napkins on the table. We decided to get the Jia jiang mein and chicken with soy sauce and basil (3 cup chicken) and the food arrived at our table milliseconds after we ordered...We also got complimentary soup too, which I felt really added to the concept of home cooking.Radish soup- I was not a big fan of the soup since I don't particularly like radishes or carrots and I found the soup to be a bit bland but it did remind me of the kind of soups that my mom makes at home.Jia jiang mein- I used to like Korean jiajiang mein more than the Chinese one because the Chinese one that I had in Chinatown was so bad. But the one here was so delicious! A delicious layer of oyster sauce, pork, braised tofu, woodear, onions, and scallions coated the noodles! All of the ingredients mixed together so well and appealed to my taste buds so much! It's a little on the salty side but nothing too unbearable.3 cup chicken- So tasty!! The chicken wasn't dry at all and had a very delicious and crispy soy sauce glaze on the outside. I also really liked the basil that they cooked the chicken with because it reminded me of Thai noodles. When they brought the dish to the table, it smelled really spicy but it wasn't spicy at all. Comes with rice.My friend and I were stuffed from the two dishes that we ordered and there were still leftovers for us to take home. The best part is, we ended up paying less than $10 for our meal! WHAT. Not only is the food delicious and affordable, but Mama Lee also provided genuine and courteous service that led to a very pleasant meal. I don't think they use MSG either because I didn't have to drink any water on my way home (extra points for that). Definitely the best Taiwanese restaurant I've been to in Queens! Check this place out!
The best Taiwanese food in the Greater NYC area. Incredible, fast service and home style cooking that beats anything you've had thus far.We ordered large pork meatball, fried chicken and slice fish in sweet and sour sauce. Fantastic Taiwanese food here -- it feels and tastes as if you're eating in someone's home.
Amazing mom and pop spot. Food is great. Service is great. Can't go wrong.
Great home cooking and wonderful service. Very fresh ingredients with and trusted Mama Lee at work. It good to know there's a healthy home cook Chinese restaurant in Bayside.
GREAT FOOD..  Happy I searched  Yelp for  suggestions on what to eat in  "Mama Lee."       Cannot wait to return again for the  Amazing  Pork  Meatball,and a chicken roll. The complimentary soup was great. The place was very welcoming,clean, And the best Taiwanese home cooked food i have tried so far..  .
The owner is AWESOME. Really, she is just sooo sooo sweet, super down to earth, she really makes you feel like family. The food is excellent, no frills home cooking, delicious!It's very small, I think there is enough seating for ... 12 people? I've gotten take out from here several times but traveling in those containers doesn't do well for the food, the taste is night and day when you eat in... so eat there!Be careful of closings... I think the days she is closed changes semi frequently, definitely have gone there only to see a sign saying they are closed Tues/Weds, and then several months later it becomes Mondays.
I really enjoy coming to mama lee. Mrs. lee truly treats you like family as everyone else has mentioned! I came here last week to order their 3 dishes and 1 soup combo and although prices have gone up a bit from 28-38 bucks i dont mind. it saves me from having to cook in this unbearable heat! The food is consistently delicious. I wanted to have chinese bbq stir fried spinach with beef and that was not on the menu when i asked, but no worries mama lee hooked it up anyways! She went out of her way to get that made for me (very typical taiwanese dish) when i went tp pick up my order she offered be a cold drink and some candy lol as if I were visiting her at her home. I love the care and love they put into their food and the care and love they have for their customers. I will be returning!!P.S. their taiwanese noodle soup is also very good and their clear clam soup is the best thing to have when its cold outside! very fresh ingredients.
Quite frankly one of the yummiest Chinese/Taiwanese food I've ever eaten at. Prices are very decent. Mama Lee is very polite and friendly and makes all feel welcomed! My fave dishes are 3 cups of chicken, 2 mushrooms with vegetables, sautéed rice cakes with pork and the fish noodle dish.
Very authentic home styling Taiwanese cooking! It is the place to go when one misses mama's cooking. They serve soup and dishes without excess grease and no msg. I will certainly frequent here whenever I feel too lazy to cook.
honest/delicious home-style taiwanese food. it's not gonna blow your mind but it'll make you feel good afterward!
With each passing year, Downtown Flushing is looking more and more like Times Square. Even the food is starting to become a caricature of what it once was, with successful restaurants becoming chains, popping up around the borough and in Manhattan, taking all the fun out of 'discovering' them. Surprisingly, the bygone super Italian section of Bayside Hills has a few Chinese restaurants which you can depend on for authentic home-cooked fare. Thank you Mama Lee.When my dining companion and I arrived, we were told of the pork & cabbage soup special, which they kept re-filling for us throughout the meal, like a magical soup kettle. The Salt & Pepper Pork Chop was much lighter than the usual batter-fried variety that I'm accustomed to, and the dumplings along with the chicken roll were inexpensive and incredibly filling. The hot oil and dumpling sauce were incredible, providing vinegar and spice flavor profiles unlike anything else I've had before,Finally, the price. $25 for everything, and while they said tip was included, it just felt greedy not to leave them money. The Mama behind Mama Lee is a real sweetheart, and you have to appreciate what she does in this small space. Save on the headache of parking in Flushing, come here instead and let her feed you.
The food's delicious and Mama Lee makes sure you get plenty of rice and veges!
Mama Lee is super nice and while that is one of the qualities of someone who runs a successful business it's only part of the requirement. Another part is paying attention to your customers and most importantly serving amazing food. I came in to Mama's on a weekday in the evening. It wasn't too packed. I grabbed a table with my son for a quick meal before he headed to Tae Kwon Do class a few doors over. While we were there the lady ahead of us placed her order. She was very careful to ask about particular ingredients in the dishes as she cannot eat pork due to religious reasons. She expressed that to Mama Lee very clearly however when the dish came out Mama Lee also served her a soup with a big old slab of pork in it. The lady had already begun eating it. When Mama came over to check on her she asked what was in the soup. Prior to answering she asked the woman "Did you already start eating it?" As if her answer would be different based upon that. She then told her pork and took the soup away immediately knowing the mistake that she had made but never made any effort to apologize or offer her something else. While this did not personally happen to me or affect my experience in any way it was interesting to see how the situation was dealt with. Luckily the lady didn't seem like the confrontational type and while she scoffed a bit under her breath she ate a small portion of her entree and packed it up to go. Our food was ready pretty quickly. We ordered the soy basil chicken over rice. It was mostly rice. The chicken was on the fatty side. The flavors were great though, the dish had the potential of being fantastic had it been served with leaner cuts of chicken. During the course of the meal Mama Lee checked on us and also asked if we wanted more rice. The white rice looked like it was just dumped on the plate hapharardly as it was still molded into the shape of the rice cooker. It wasn't fluffed at all and there was some sort of mystery meat placed on top of it. It would have been nice to be given the option of what the topping was or what type of rice I could select. We were also served this same pork soup and fortunately I don't have any dietary restrictions so I was able to try it. The flavors were good but the pork was still on the bone making it a little difficult to eat around. I would have much prefered the wonderful sounding miso soup other yelpers had mentioned. While I appreciated the fact that there was hand sanitizer on the tables it would have been nice to have some condiments. There was no soy sauce or anything else. Not even salt and pepper shakers. Now had this been a five star meal it would of course not needed any additional condiments but I was looking around for something to add so that should tell you something. Now before I tell you the next part I just want to inform everyone that my son is a glutton for punishment when it comes to eating spicy foods. He loves spice and all kinds of peppers and frequently challenges himself to just go for any pepper he can find. I'm not sure what kind of pepper was served in the chicken as I asked Mama Lee personally but all she was able to tell me was that it was a Chinese pepper and she doesn't know the name but my son decided he was going to eat it. Yep, whole thing right in his mouth...chewed it and all. When his eyes starting turning red I got a little concerned. I went to the counter to ask her if it was cool that he ate the pepper she said oh no this pepper is only for decoration. It would have been nice to be informed of that. The typical garnishes for decoration are like a little parsley or something not peppers that you aren't supposed to eat. In fact the other lady I refered to earlier had like 3 or 4 of them in her entree so it would seem more like a part of the dish rather than a garnish and it was also mixed in and not on the side. Mama Lee saw that he was having a tough time and gave him a soda on the house because the water did not seem to be helping. That was nice of her, again she definitely is a nice person. He got over it once the soda was done but I think he learned his lesson to ask first next time. The food was good but not great and the service was okay. I think that I had this place hyped a bit to a point where it was kind of a let down. Another thing I noticed is that there is no real order to the line. She just takes whoever she feels like it as next and will also make you wait to pay and take other people's orders even though you are just trying to pay your bill and leave. May be it would be best to have people pay first. This way they can just leave after they are done. I was really excited to try this place based on the photo's and reviews I saw but based on this experience I am not really interested in coming back. Perhaps it was on off night, every restaurant has them but first impressions mean everything.
The first time I came here they kitchen took a lunch break (around 4:30) but I was determined and paid this place another visit the following day. It is a small restaurant with only about 4 table but luckily when I came here it wasn't busy. Saying I left this place stuffed would be an under exaggeration because I had trouble breathing... I physically had absolutely no room but it was worth it. We got the shrimp shumai ($3.50) for an appetizer. It came with 4 pieces and they were so delicious and fresh. We then ordered two of the main dishes and asked for them to be the larger portion ($12.95 each) which is WAY too much food for two people. The first was the spicy fish with vegetables. The fish was so tender and the sauce was amazing. The portion is HUGE and could feed 3 people. The second main we got was tofu with black bean sauce which had shiitake and king oyster mushrooms. It was also amazing and she told us they get the tofu fresh everyday. Both dishes came with rice and she kept asking if we need more rice. We also got soup (complimentary) which is the one thing I didn't try because it has beef in it. This whole meal cost us about $30 and we were two people with enough food for 5. She also serves yes that she brews herself. The portions here are very large but the quality/taste of the food is not lacking. I will definitely be back.
The food was good and they gave us free soup.  The place is small and only has about 6 tables.  One thing that bothered me was that they started to take our dishes away before we finished, since there were people waiting.  We kinda felt rushed out.  I am a fast eater too and they took my water away.  This was around 5:15 on a Saturday
Authenticity is the key.  My chick grew up in Taiwan. She knows the food. This place is on par w/ anything from Flushing that she's had, as close to home as possible. Three cup chicken, standard, but made extremely well. Buddhas Delight, baby bok choy, giant mushrooms, snap peas, perfect sauce, loved it. Watercress veggie, again, nailed it.Also a real attentive & friendly staff.Tight space, so get there early, or just do take out.I'll take one star off because the only thing to drink is water. But it doesn't take away from the food one bit.Cash only!!
*bring cash* My friend was craving this place and I've never been here so we both agreed to come here for lunch. We got in at around 12:30pm on a Friday and the place was empty so we were able to get a table. They restaurant is small and there's a total of 16 seats; 4 tables that each seat 4. The owner of the place was super friendly, sweet and accommodating. Between the two of us we got the Taiwanese Jiang mian, the fish chow mian and a small order of the salt and pepper chicken. Our meal came with a small seaweed and tofu soup that was really yummy. The portions to our meal was super generous and we did not finish our food. We both ended up taking more than half of the food home to eat later. For those three items our bill came out to $23.50. When we tried to leave a tip, the owner replied "no, no, tip jar full". Awwwww! I'll definitely be back to try out other things on the menu and to see the nice lady again.
I ordered Mince Pork w Green Chili & Black Bean and it was delish. This place looks wonderful, homemade feeling and the host and waiter/waitress are very nice to you... Worth coming for home made TW food
The lady is an angel!!! Good is good(except their 3-cup chicken which i think i cook better)I have tried their braised pork rice(滷肉飯）, Fried Salt & Pepper Flounder, Salt and Pepper Chicken and I gotta say its very authentic!!!  They don't have delivery which is a little turn off but I have been to many places in Bayside for Authentic Chinese food, and I can say this is one of the best in the area!!!
It's a small but welcoming place! The owner is so nice and caring, definitely made us feel right at home right from the start. She gave us more food than we ordered and best yet, she refused to take tips in the end. You know she cares about her customers because she took her time to know them and have conversations. We tried the meatball and fried rice dishes and it was decent. Will definitely be back ~
Dropped by for a quick lunch and was very happy about the food and the service. The place is very petite with only small tables and probably about 20 seats. But it was comfortable and not cramped. The food was delicious with more of a taste of home cooking than your run of the mill take out food. Love the complimentary soup, and the purple rice was fantastic. Overall very satisfied. Thank you Mama-Lee.
Came here for the first time to celebrate Mother's Day dinner.The staff here is very friendly, sweet and attentive. This isn't your average restaurant with lots of seating, but a small hole in the wall that can be mistaken for Chinese take out. There are only 4 tables here and people normally do takeout rather than dine in. We sat down and ordered food. Mama Lee came out and moved us to the table next to us because we ordered so many dishes the table wouldn't have fit everything. I can't remember what we ordered but my favorite was the 3 cup chicken. Everything here feels and taste homemade. The portions are large and we had plenty of leftovers. The soup was delicious and refills are free. Mama Lee even comes out and gives us extra dishes as well, adding to our satisfied stomaches! The service here is what will keep me coming back. The bill was very affordable, less than $120 including tip for a family of 6. It would've cost about the same with two additional people because we had so much leftovers!Not recommended for large crowds as a table can only seat up to 4 people, 6 but will feel tight.
Wonderful owner, makes you want to come back for more! Food is great but it is a bit on the pricey side. Great restaurant will be back for more!
Delicious food, friendly and quick service, great prices. My toddlers love the food, my Taiwanese hubby loves the food and I'll never turn down a chance to eat Mama Lee's!   No MSG, authentic flavor and not in the middle of an overcrowded neighborhood (ahem, Flushing). Three cup chicken is awesome!!  Restaurant is a little small so order your food to go if you can't get a table. You'll be back again, like us!!
Dear Mama Lee,Once again you have demonstrated why your restaurant reigned supreme in the Bayside area.  It is more than just your food (Although you know I can never get enough of those chicken rolls, Chicken with soy and basil (3 cup chicken) and your Taiwanese meat balls). It's also your hospitality, your service and your generosity.  Your ability to make people feel like they are family every time they set foot in your restaurant is amazing and it's that feeling that kept me coming back every time! Every time when my friends and I come here, you always ALWAYS ask if we have enough rice and soup and will refill it until we are full to the brim. And remember that time when my pregnant friend came with us, you gave her a special soup (even packed some for her to go at no cost) and told her to dress warmly and asked his husband to take good care of her.And remember when the table next to us (a Caucasian couple) really liked your tabletop decoration and you told them they can feel free to take it.And remember that time you packed our leftovers and secretly gave us free rice, veggies, minced pork sauce and an egg so it can be a completed lunchbox?And remember that when you brought some fancy chocolate and basically gave everyone in the restaurant a piece? I think this list can go on and on and I'm sure most if not all of us who have eaten at your restaurant had experienced your hospitality and your generosity.So let me take a moment to say Thank You for your awesome service and hospitality.  And of course your delicious food! (I can't stop thinking about the 3 cup chicken!) .  I look forward to coming back soon and trying out some of your new dishes!! Until then, stay well!!Sincerely, A big fan of your restaurantFel
My wife and I have been to Mama Lees six or seven times.  The place is small so seating is frequently a problem.  The food is simple and good but it's not "the best Taiwanese" in the US, etc.  I'd give it 3 or 4 stars normally but we've had a number of occasions where we showed up for dinner 30-45 minutes before closing and been turned away or most recently waited for a table, sat down, and then were told that the server was overloaded and didn't have time to clear the table and we should order takeout.  If you have little kids you know what an ordeal it is to go anywhere let alone wait, sit down, then have to get up and go somewhere else for dinner.
Food: 5/5Value: 5/5Service: 5/5Cleanliness: 4/5Speed: 5/5It is like walking in to your friend's mom's house. I was blown away by how good the food was as I didn't expect anything from such place. Don't let looks deceive you, indeed! I went here with a friend, and we ordered the three-cup chicken (the english name is NOTHING named as three chicken whatsoever rather "chicken with soy sauce"), and pork noodles (forgot the exact name) but they were BOTH so good. Very flavorful but not salty. Cooked just RIGHT. They also served tea, rice (white, purple and brown), soup, and cucumber side dish for free. The lady (whom I assumed to be the owner/ Mama Lee herself) and the other staff were VERY welcoming and made every customer feel right at home. I loved that they served two of my favorite rice varieties in the world (purple and brown) at no additional cost.I gave tip but they refused to accept it as they said they increased prices this year and tip is already included in the price.Con: They do not have a bathroom but that's about it.CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK.
Authentic Taiwanese cuisine! Best in NYC, in my opinion. I prefer dinning in, even though there are only 4 tables. Mama Lee treats everyone like family! SO much food with refills on rice and soup. She makes sure everyone leaves super stuffed! I love the purple rice option :) fav dishes: braised pork with dried veggie and the scallion beef. Tip: call ahead to make sure they are open!
This is our family cafeteria. We almost order foods from here every twice a week. I like almost everything there especially large pork meatball, salt&pepper fried chicken and fish fillet with pickled vegetables.
I really feel like Mama Lee loves me. She was so personal, and while I was waiting for my food she told her staff to give me tea. It was cold outside and she told her staff to give me tea. Mama Lee loves me!Food tasted great, clean. Portions were good, prices were fine. No issues at all, I would definitely come back here take-out for myself, or with friends dining in - If I can get them to come all the way out to Bayside with me...
4.5 Stars. Stop reading now and just head over to Mama Lee's. You will be treated like one of her family member and she brings out tons of complimentary stuff to make sure you are well fed. I had a traditional pork mushroom noodle soup and it was great and reminded me of eating at Taiwan. Anyway stop reading the reviews and just go there to have a nice traditionally Taiwanese meal. Enjoy.
Excellent, no nonsense food & service. We enjoyed the chili pepper pork (a lot of heat so get ready!), ground pork with eggplant & fried pork dumplings. Can you guess we're pork fans???  complimentary lotus (tonight's offering) soup, endless white or purple rice, and hot tea. Feels like I'm eating at my aunt's and I'm not even Taiwanese. Service was the best we've had in a while. Attentive and genuinely nice, Mama Lee makes me want to give her a warm hug. This place just does that to you. As we were paying (they accept Credit Cards, inc Amex) Mama Lee informs us that tax and gratuities were all included in the menu price. Boom. We'll be back!
I was hesitant about writing a review here because I didn't want anyone else to know about this place and make it busier than it already is!This place was recommended to my family by a friend who's a chef, so we came here with pretty high expectations. Each time we had tried coming, the place was too packed to get seats-the place itself is very small (only 4 tables) so seating is difficult to get around dinnertime. Finally we came in for an early 5:30 dinner one day and were seated. Mama Lee herself works behind the counter taking orders and chatting with customers. She is the sweetest lady and really is like what a Chinese mama would be. Upon speaking to her, we learned that every morning before the restaurant opens she goes to the market herself and picks out the groceries for the day(that is amazing, not to mention some serious dedication!) And wow, the ingredients really show through in the food. Her food really matched her personality--one can tell that she puts great care and love into the dishes. Everything we ordered was delicious, fresh, super-authentic, and tastes just like home-style cooking (no MSG or excess grease here!). Every time we go, something we order on the menu seems to run out (which is probably backs up the fact that she does indeed shop for new ingredients every day instead of just letting food sit in a fridge). But not to worry, she makes daily and seasonal recommendations which have never failed to disappoint. She usually gives us an extra dish on the house as well!Some of my favorites are: -Lion's head meatballs (shi zi tou) -Three cup chicken (san bei ji)-Eggplant-Salt and pepper fishOne last thing, there were some negative comments about her closing early/not being open certain hours; in her words, she opened a restaurant because she's always loved cooking for people, not the profit margins. I definitely appreciate the quality over quantity philosophy as well, especially when it comes to food! Honestly one of the best Taiwanese restaurants in New York- my family and I have definitely become regulars of this place!
Decided to have Mama Lee's with the fiance Sunday night and we could not stop raving about it. We ordered the fried flounder, three cup chicken, and pork with rice cakes. Everything was sooooo delicious! Even my fiance who is picky about food could not stop talking about it days after our meal. We plan to visit Mama Lee again really soon!!
Excellent home style Taiwanese food in a comfortable homely type setting with attentive homely service.   What more can you ask for?
I stopped by one night to get the family combo for just two people to share. Bad idea, we had so much left over food! The lady at the cashier was just so sweet- I can definitely see how some Yelpers commented about how they felt like they were at home. I really liked how she checked the take out orders to make sure nothing was left out and she had asked me if I had wanted extra rice.The soup was reminiscent of something my mother would make at home. It was warm, comforting and very "clear" (if you can translate that into Cantonese). I thought the three cup chicken was a little dry but I never had it before. The spicy fish reminded me of the spicy fish filet you can find at Szechuan restaurants and the mushrooms with veggies was amazing for shroom-lovers.Will be back again! P.S. They take credit cards now! Visa and Mastercard only.
After a friend tipped me off on this restaurant, my family has been getting the 3 entrees one soup and rice deal $25 on a weekly basis so my mom does not have to cook for a meal.Mama lee's cooking style is very much like my mom's - less oily, good quality ingredients, big portion for the price, and yummy comforting taste. The snow pickled vegetable fish filet is really good and the sauce goes really well with rice. Mama lee said she pickled a the vegetables herself! We liked the appetizer, chicken roll (it's really made with pork and quite a lot more of it than any other place we've had it!). Another entree we like is the chicken with eggplant. Lots of thigh chicken meat and yummy eggplants. We also got spicy beef strips with tofu strips. Yummy and it's got a good kick to it. The only dishes I am not a fan of are the pork chops - soggy when we get the home so don't recommend (both Taiwanese and salt/pepper style). All this food with bitter melon &ribs soup was $40. She even gave us a complimentary order of oily tofu today. Love this place - hope it doesn't get too popular but want to share so they stay in business forever!
Many bistros and eateries have once occupied this space. Only to fall victim of serving dull and boring food.  In moves Mama Lee's. My first gut reaction was "Oh. No! Not another dull restaurant!" Now would this new restaurant face a similar fate as those who came before?I'm happy to say the food here is actually pretty good once you know what you're ordering. There are no printed takeout menus for you to view, just one big menu posted on a makeshift easel. (Update 10/17/2013 - menus now printed on copy paper)We ordered the 3 cups chicken, Peking pork and double mushroom and vegetable sauté. It took awhile for the food to come out, but when it did, man was it really good and tasty!The owners are very nice and unpretentious. The seating is limited but most people were ordering to take out. There are no waiters or waitresses to serve you.I hope Mama Lee's is here to stay for awhile and I wish them all the success in the world. "GO MAMA LEE'S!"
Worth the wait! The quality of the food is fantastic and tastes homemade. I've been there twice since my first review in August and have brought friends back to try the food. The space is basic, but you'll feel at home because the host's hospitality is exactly what you'll want in a homey gathering. The Lion's Head (huge pork balls on cabbage) is my favorite. The meat falls apart and its juiciness perfectly complements a bowl of rice. The price is a few dollars higher than comparable restaurants in the area, but I think it's a good value.
This is a review update.I initially gave her 5 stars because her food is so good and her business practices were normal.Don't get me wrong. Her food is still amazing, but.... her business practices have deviated from the norm lately.If you're a regular, you would notice that her business hours are very erratic; meaning, she opens and closes whenever she feels like.I've been able to successfully eat at her restaurant 50% of the time if I don't call in ahead to check if she's open.I would advise the following if you are planning to eat at her restaurant:call ahead to see if she's even open and also ask if her chef is in to cook. (Long story short: her chef left for a few days one time and most of her menu was unavailable)
Really great food and service.I got the three cups chicken, it was very good, crunchy, flavorfull, great sauce. You get free soup and rice with the meal, that they refill. I also go the jia jiang noodles, also delicious, it reminded me a litte of mapo tofu, over really soft noodles, great taste ,love soft noodles. A great noodle to me can still be eaten cold (does not get hard and gross to eat when cold).Will definitely be back. And the price was great, two meals, rice and soup for 20 bucks.
This is a great mom & pop shop that is always packed with Asian families in search of home cooking without doing the cooking. It's wholesome food at good prices.A family can get three dishes to share which includes rice and soup. There is a wide variety of chicken, beef and seafood dishes from which to choose from, including noodles. There are also dishes you can get over rice if you're not looking for a family meal. A word to the wise, since the place is only four tables it's hard to get table service so you'd have to go very early for lunch or dinner to better your odds. My husband and I were there when a table was clearing out and were told we could not have it unless we ordered a family style meal. Like I said - tables are at a premium! Update: the store front opens and closes frequently. As a case in point it is closed the entire month of October. Call ahead to make sure you do not travel in vain.
I was very anxious to try Mama Lee.I finally stopped in this past Sunday.The food is beyond good. I had friend dumplings and chicken with brown sauce and broccoli with purple rice.  Everything was home cooked tasted delicious. We were going to order a third dish and Mama Lee told us that what we had ordered was enough for us both, if we were still hungry to order the dish after we ate. That is rare!I can't wait to go back again and many times more I have to try everything on the menu!!!!
This is an extremely respectable mom and pops shop. Mama Lee runs this place like a tight run ship! Everytime, I have been serviced as if I were in their own home, and treated like family. That's the best part of dining here I would say; and would keep me coming back for just that. Overall the food is quite healthy. Each entree is about 11$ on average. It's very filling for a single meal, and you may have leftovers to take back. The portion sizes are comparable to chinese take out lunch specials but the quality greatly greatly surprised that, thus the prices can be justified. Jajamien is okay. There's a lottttttttt of noodles so you'll be full alright! In terms of flavor I enjoy gun song chinese foods' version the best for the bayside area. Best item off the menu is three cup chicken. Lots of protein, great taste and a happy tummy! Smells amazing too. Order this! No regrets!!Pork noodle soup. There's a lot of pork!!!! There's so much pork, enough to give away to your lunch date. It's the same noodle type as the jajamien. Not bad in terms of taste, but I feel I've had better especially in comparison to all noodle soup options in flushing. Braised pork with tofu and egg. That's some stinky tofu. It's good but man stinky! The pork is minced pork and not a big slab of pork I'm used to having at other taiwanese places. It's a good rice dish if you're feeling adventurous but not my fav.Sometimes if you dine in they give you complimentary soup. Their homemade soup is lovely :3 Solid lunch choice. I'm so happy to have this in my hometown! A true gem!
For $35, you get 3 large portion plates, soup, and rice. This feeds at least 4 people.The chicken with soy and basil (Three cup chicken) was a highlight. Well seasoned and juicy.The fried pork chops are recommended as well. Not too "fried," but still soft and tender.The beef noodles is also exceptional with offal, although the broth was a bit oily. Definitely hit the spot though.The place is quite small, with only 16 seats. Take out might be a good option if you don't want to wait or have a larger party.Great food with great value as the portions make it cheaper than Flushing.
I was super excited to try this place with it being close to home and rated so highly by so many people. Honestly, Yelp community, I feel lied to. I went with my mother and my husband and we all felt the same way - this place was just meh. My mother is from Taiwan. When we first walked in, we're told that they only have a selected dishes available. We ordered the lion's head, chicken roll, and satay beef noodle. The lion's head and chicken roll were average at best and the satay beef noodle was terrible.  This place is not worthy of the 4.5 stars rated on Yelp. We're in Queens for goodness sake. Note to those who want to dine in: There are 4 -6 tables that may seat 4 people in each. I don't know how busy they get but just be forewarned that you may not always be able to eat there. They also now accept credit cards.
You know this place is legit when you see families of Taiwanese dining in. Their $35 deal is also amazinggggg! $35 buys you 3 entrees, rice and soup. You can add additional entrees for only $10 more. Do it, get it. Everything here is delicious.
Gosh what did we order here... Gosh, what DIDN'T we order here, hahahaha!You have to come early, they only have 4 tables, and its cold cause people through the door for take-out are NON-STOP. Mama Lee (and Papa Lee) cook for fun, not for a living. They enjoy cooking and seeing people enjoy their food - That in itself is awesome!The dishes are very authentic, even my parents loved it. There are a few questionable things on the menu which were Korean inspired such as Kimchi Rice... I wanted to try them but my parents have me the "look" haha. Everything we had was delicious, you can't go wrong. Keep in mind, everything is on disposable dining-ware. Cups, plates, bowls, all Styrofoam. But it's humbling and I love it.
This place feels like home!Mama Lee knows how to treat you well and just seems to keep giving food to you.. Anyways, its a small cozy restaurant so it might be best to come during off peak time because it can be crowded. I thought the minced pork meat ball was superb. It kind of melts in your mouth. I really liked how inexpensive everything came out to with all the food we got. The family combo is so worth it. for 35 dollars come hungry!
I've been ordering lunch take out here, and each time I'm so excited. The food smells great and the taste is delicious!!! My favorite is the beef mushroom rice, which has a few diff types of mushrooms in it. The 3 cup chicken is made very well. There is more meat than bone, unlike some other places. The pork chop rice tastes a bit soft, prob bc it got steamed while the cover has closed
I went here for dinner with two friends. The place has four tables so its a very small place. In my opinion it feels like I'm in someone's home. The people who work there are very friendly. The dishes are at decent prices but the portions are big. Pretty good for a family lunch or dinner. I always wanted to try Jia Jiang noodles and this place had it! I ordered it and it tasted good! Two people can finish this dish and get pretty full from it. You can also take out food.I would definitely come here again :)
Mama Lee's is a sacred place in the New York food scene and the entire cultural landscape.  To begin with, I entered and noticed the education and exemplary manners of the clientele. The teenagers spoke in a low voice, the elderly patrons did not complain about their chronological age or speak about legitimate and expected sicknesses, the owner and chef attended to your needs without bothering you and everybody was treated better than family. You immediately felt comfortable approaching Mama Lee and she felt comfortable telling you what they would offer you. I have never entered any restaurant that has hand sanitizer on each table as well as other amenities for persons who may have allergies or other short term health ailments. To be sure, the location is very clean and prepared to meet multifaceted needs.  I have been eating less meat as of late but was impressed by the soup which was obviously homemade with healthy root vegetables, immaculately sliced ginger and meat that was not overly greasy. More luxury came my way when Mama Lee mentioned complimentary barley tea as well as purple, white or brown rice.  The other offerings were quickly prepared and we were finally pleasantly surprised in a city that has ripped off middle class citizens for many years.Mama Lee is a genuinely nice person who reminds us that people will not remember what you say as much as what you feel by way of their actions. The quintessential motherly figure insisted on waiting for my relative and I to leave our table as she held the door open for us. I can't remember the last time somebody has done that for me. I will definitely return and recommend her unpretentiously perfect restaurant for the rest of my life. This lovely lady understands that when you give unconditionally, you get back the same tenfold or more.
Being from Vancouver, I think I know my way around Asian food fairly well. Thus, I can say with great confidence that Mama Lee's is hands down FABULOUS! This small family-run restaurant's food is authentic Taiwanese, full of simple, wholesome flavor. Every dish was just perfectly prepared and delicious with that amazing "savory" taste. Mama Lee herself took our order and advised us that she thought we chose too many dishes, so we deleted one dish. She was right - we had plenty of leftovers, which we savored the next day for lunch. She could have easily had us spend more money by ordering that extra dish but her advice demonstrated a very high -integrity move in my book. Here is what our party of three ordered (which includes my 98 year old not-at-all-adventurous-eater mom, who LOVED this place): a huge bowl of delicious pork and vegetable soup, which was complimentary (on the house) and refilled before we could say boo, pan fried dumplings ($8.50), Taiwanese three-cup chicken (which we know as san bei ji, and is listed on the menu as "chicken w/soy sauce and basil" - made with boneless chicken thighs) ($15.95), and fried mee fun with pork ($10.95). Total was $35.40 for three with lunch the next day (so basically for six). The price on the menu INCLUDES TAX AND TIP - we didn't believe other Yelpers when they wrote this (sorry friends!), and we tried to give Mama Lee more, but she adamantly refused!  Note that this place is closed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and is only open until 8 pm the other days. We arrived at about 6 pm and had our pick of any of the four (yes, only four) tables in front. By the time we left an hour and a quarter later, there was a line out the door. Mama also does a very robust take out business - she's been discovered!  Parking is ample out front (meters until 7 pm) or for free around the corner (we chose free!). Credit cards accepted.  There is nothing at all I didn't love about this place, including Mama Lee's warm, radiant personality. My tough to please mom has already told all her nonagenerian friends about this place so if there is an invasion of the elders, it might possibly be our fault! One note - Mama is going away for the month of June but she will be back in July. Not sure if the restaurant will remain open in her absence or not but if it's open and it's the same chef cooking, you will not be disappointed. In sum, this place is an unequivocal gem. See you there!
The quality of Mama Lee's food is very consistent, delicious, and she gives large portions. It's like home-cooked style food. Her house soups are good as well, there's always veggies and things to munch on like large pieces of moist chicken on the bone, and sometimes she tosses in a few extra side dishes (like the Korean pickled cucumbers or her house salad) - I think towards the end of the day and if she recognizes you as regular customers. The food from here never make me thirsty which is a huge bonus. Mama Lee also speaks pretty good English.This is more of a take-out place, there's only a few tables around if you want to eat and a lot of times it gets filled up fast (or people bring their entire family to eat here and there's nowhere to walk... use some common sense, people)Favorites:-Chicken Roll: A must have - the outside is always crispy and she gives ketchup on the side-Minced pork with green chili and black bean sauce over rice - SO tasty, has a spicy kick-Beef noodle soup - it comes without the spice, so if you want spice, request it-Salt and Pepper chicken - It gets steamed pretty quickly, so if you're taking it home, make sure you open the container lid right awayThe cons I would say are inconsistency as to when she's open. If someone takes a vacation, the entire place shuts down :( She could use the restaurant's FB page to update when the restaurant becomes unexpectedly closed. This is the only reason why I took off 1 star.I wouldn't have found this place if it weren't for yelp, it's easy to miss from the outside. There's a reason why she has such a strong rating here. I would give this place another try if you didn't like it the first time around - maybe the regular chef was off or you didn't have the right dish.
Now I have been here a few dozen times. Not once have I had a bad or even questionable meal. This place really is a 5 star yelp resturaunt. For the price and what you get you can never go wrong. Can never go wrong with what mama lee suggest that day. Get the chicken roll it's a must. So much flavor and texture Beef dishes are good quality not like most places Soups are always different and exciting
Went for dine in last week I love the beef and scallion the egg with shrimp went today I will try the cashew and chicken dish
This place has the most delicious homemade Taiwanese food. Mama Lee is such a sweet lady. This is my favorite place to eat in Bayside.
This place is simply the best Taiwanese restaurant in Queens right now, hands down.  Eating here brought me back to sitting in my aunt's house impatiently waiting for dinner.  The menu is standard Taiwanese so there's nothing surprising here. There isn't the usual Taiwanese small snacks like stinky tofu or oyster pancake but thats OK.  But the taste is just heads and shoulders above everything and anything in Queens.  The 3 cup chicken is the best I've had.  Perfectly balanced between salty and sweet.  Sweet and sour fish was excellent as was the shredded pork with Chinese celery and tofu.  I'm not alone in my assessment as this place was busy busy busy.  The space is tiny and only has a few tables.  The bathroom is through the kitchen which is a bit difficult so hopefully no one has to go while you're eating.  Just go and try this place.  You'll be glad you did.
Mama Lee I love you!is the nice lady in the blue apron (love the blue apron) makes me feel like I am in  Mama's kitchen its tiny but very nice and brightI had a big yummy bowl of steaming hot noodles,fish and veggies called fish chow mien delish reallymiso was served on the house I think?(can't fully read menu)  brought to us with a smilethis wasn't just any ol miso chock full of tiny mushrooms and tofu Mama Lee also has fresh smoothies ...yes truly fresh the fruits are sitting right there ready to be blended into your refreshing beverage prices make this even better. super friendly service but I believe cash onlywe sat and ate but saw a bunch of take out being taken out
Best place ever, feels like home! Mama Lee is super super nice and caring, and the food is great taste and very generous portion.
I should begin by stating that I had no problem with the quality of the food. I had a beef combo. It was excellent. Now on to more about the 2 Star rating. As soon as I got there, I asked if I could sit at a table. There were 4 tables for 4. 1 was available. I was alone. I was told yes. The main course took longer than I expected but chalked that up to fresh preparation. After the main course came, I was informed that the brown rice wasn't ready yet and was asked if I would accept white. I wasn't thrilled, but didn't want the meat to get cold, so I complied. A couple of minutes later, it started to get busy, and people began waiting for tables. The owner came over to me, told me that I was allowed to sit at a table alone on a Saturday night by mistake, and went on to ask if I could be finished in 10 minutes. Not the way to conduct business. 5 stars for the food. 0 for the way I was treated.
Delicious, inexpensive, efficient - and if you have the time, sweet owners as well.The thing most people forget about hyped up little places is that they are ludicrously busy and understaffed (why have more than 2 people in front when there are only 16 seats?) When my very pregnant wife and I came in, we were initially told that we could only order take out. After getting over our disappointment and ordering, a table came up and we were immediately offered seats. We got the fish dumplings (which were indistinguishable at first from regular dumplings, so unique was the preparation that only the delicate flavor of the fish and the texture gave it away), the five spice braised beef and the fried chicken. The beef was fall off the connective tissue well done, but perhaps our favorite part of the meal was the soup that simply came with our order.It was the sort of substantial broth that comes from cooking bones for an exceptionally long time. Buttery and delicious, it contained an entire joint of cow. We got it to go, as we couldn't finish it and it was even more delicious the second day (sadly, the rest of the meal didn't reheat nearly as well).But my favorite part of the meal was the soda, you see, they have a cold water machine (remember efficient?) so no waiting for water, but what goes better with Chinese cuisine that Coke? (fond recollections of a misspent youth in Chinatown!) We got our Cokes, but when the check came, the sodas were NOT on the check. When I asked the owner she said, "We only sell healthy food. We can't sell you the soda, it's not good for you." She smiled at me. I insisted on paying extra - no tipping the owner? The heck with that! These people deserve it!Can't wait to return!
Mama Lee, I am soldI'm always a little skeptical of 5 star restaurants, but Mama Lee has it all. Tasty authentic Taiwanese food served with warm hospitality.You can tell Mrs. Lee really cares for her customers. Even with the myriad of take out orders, she and her husband manage to dish out multiple dishes at an incredible speed while balancing out enough time to check up on us to make sure we were happy.The restaurant itself is very small, but like other reviews have mentioned, impressively clean. I love the little radish and other plants that she has growing behind the counter and on our table. Something about a chef who plants makes me trust the food I eat more.We ordered:-Pork meatball that everyone orders (a tad salty for my taste, but delicious nonetheless, served with bok choy)-3 cup chicken (also a tad salty, but incredible flavor, with that desired basil/garlic/ginger flavor penetrating the meat)-Chinese Cabbage with dried shrimp (perfect)-Minced pork with dried bean curd (great)-Pumpkin soup (thick, buttery, yummy)-The white rice really made me reminisce the plain white rice I have in Taiwan, not sure what was so great about itOverall, my experience at Mama Lee was very enjoyable, the food was not overly greasy as taiwanese food sometimes is, but it still captured the essence of Taiwanese cooking through and through. Mrs. Lee was very attentive to our needs and even offered us to try her chicken roll for free. A busy little restaurant that delivers great quality, flavor, and hospitality. I will certainly be coming back to eat. Keep up the good work Mrs. Lee!
Wow, hidden treasure. This place is amazing. From the homegrown herbs to the rich sauces and flavors... I can't say I've had better Taiwanese anywhere. And probably the best fried chicken I've had in years.
After reading some of the comments about the lady behind the counter as being kind And helpful, I have to disagree. As a "first timer," I was treated with the utmost disrespectful manner from her. I stood online waiting to place an order in the restaurant yesterday night. Instead of greeting me, she rudely said, I will take your orders this time but next time I won't. It would be helpful to suggest that I should call first but I shouldn't get treated like such  in front of so many people. I left the restaurant and there will never be a next time. I will be glad to spend my money elsewhere.
Worst fried rice i've ever had.  Soggy and weird smell.  The basil (three cup) chicken is just so so.  I'm never going back.
Would have gave it 5 but I wanted to order pork chops and she said they ran out. I also tried to order chicken appetizer I saw in a pic on yelp and she said she didnt have that. She said they were know for their 3 cup chicken. I said ok. I got an order of that. I would Give it a 4.5/5 it was delicious. I was with my 2 kids who really dont like to try new things but I made them try it, I had to make another order of it. They devoured it. Also with it came soup and water from a brita picture filter. The hostess (possibly the owner) was a sweetheart. Might be the best service I recieved, even giving us complimentary appetizers.
Spent 2 years in Taipei and Mama Lee brings back the memories of excellent food and wonderful people.The spicy fish is my favorite, Mama Lee tries to convince me to check other items as well...Everything I tried was excellent and fresh.I wish she had more tables and open for more hours.
One hell of a clean Chinese (or possibly Taiwanese) restaurant/take out place. Mama Lee's is definitely not your typical grungy, sticky Chinese place.The food we had bought for our Friday night takeout was delectable. I highly recommend the black pepper beef.Admittedly I am on a low carb diet and I have a feeling that the chef at Mama Lee's disregarded my request of no corn starch in the sauce as the sauces in all the food we had did seem a bit too thick (as they normally should be with corn starch), however it's a minor detail, I feel that I should make a bigger point of next visit.Mama Lee even threw in a free order of fried chicken which was great! Even though it's fried chicken, it tasted "healthier".. if that makes any sense. I know a few Yelpers have mentioned Mama Lee tries to focus on cooking more nutritious food and not using crap ingredient (which I can attest to -- the chicken/beef used in our dishes were definitely of not the typical quality you find at many Chinese places).I will definitely return to Mama Lee's are report back again.
LOVE THIS PLACE... brought my dad here and he loved it as well. The service is very personal as it is an extremely small place, but mama Lee really takes good care of you. I have been here multiple times and have gotten take out multiple times. There was about 3-4 times where mama Lee would give us free meat because we hadn't ordered any. Haha I am a meat eater and I love eating meat, but my girlfriend is vegetarian, so I end up eating it all by myself. She offers unlimited soup and rice, well it seems to me. She is really great and the food is always good, I have yet to eat there and dislike it. The establishment seems really clean and the parking in the area is usually maybe a 1-2 block walk? Overall this place is really a hidden gem, well it was... now people are finding out and they need to expand because I don't want to wait 15 mins again like the last visit.
Free gourmet soupPurple riceBrown riceWhite riceNo tip requiredGreat service = mama lee is a very generous, kind ladyI've never been to a restaurant where I thought everything was delicious. This is that place. Everything is very good. Favorite dishes:- Lion's head (pork meatball)- Eggplant with pork- Shredded pork with yellow chives and bean curd- Taiwanese chicken roll- Fried sliced fish (no sauce)- Sautéed dried string beans- Salt and pepper chicken (dine-in... takeout gets soggy)The best homestyle Asian cuisine outside of Flushing Queens, best homestyle Taiwanese joint in the Western Hemisphere.
First of all, this place is as good as it gets for Taiwanese home cooking and has been coming here for a few years.  Whomever gave it 4 stars were looking for Michelin quality where you get what you pay for in the big cities.  I traveled the world for the past 15 years and ate a lot of amazing Michelin quality food with rave reviews but when you have too much of a good thing going on all the time, all you want is a simple meal and this is it!  It's a "divey" restaurant only in terms of size with the simpliest decor and it's a clean restaurant.  The food speaks for itself and does not need all the shenanigan you get from other fancy restaurants with inflated price tag along with it. Again, this is where you just want a simple tasty meal from mama and do you complain about mama's food?  I don't think so! By the way, cash only like you would give your mama!
Mama Lee restaurant was small and didn't look like much but the food and service was great. You order your food and then sit down. They bring your food out to you. The food was authentic and tasty. I didn't have my phone at the time so I don't have any photos.I had the beef noodle soup and it was light and flavorful. The noodles weren't overcooked and the beef was plentiful and tender. They had a lot of other choices as well. They even give you 'dessert' which was just some peanut butter pretzels, which weren't amazing but it all felt very homely and cute. Definitely recommend this place!
Went here with a friend for dinner today and I can say that it was absolutely amazing. I ordered the 3 cup chicken and the chicken roll while my friend had the japchae. The 3 cup chicken was not over powering and was light and just amazing. The chicken roll was really crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I would have ordered the shrimp shumai as well but Mama Lee stopped me and said that was enough food to eat but she doesn't know how much I eat. So unlike my mom who just piles on food for me haha. She looked satisfied and slightly surprised when I told her I ate everything when I went up to pay. My friend loved her japchae so no complaints there either. Will be back!
I've finally had the chance to experience what everybody was raving about. This place is small with 4 tables that sit about 6 each. Most of the business I observed were there to pick up. Unfortunately they don't deliver but I can understand now because it's like a mom and pop restaurant. The level of customer service you get from Mama Lee is like eating at home with your mom taking care of you. She's friendly, attentive and wants to make sure you're satisfied. The menu is at the counter, you place your order, take a seat at the table and your food will be served shortly. If you need more rice or soup, don't hesitate to ask.Now the food itself. Yes, it's really good and you'll say something like , "Damn, this is just like my mom's cooking!." or "Mmmmmmm....this is home cooking at it's best.". The beef noodle soup I had wasn't quite what I expected but it made me want more. The beef was tender and flavorful as was the broth. The noodles weren't over cooked and there was a good abundance of it. It's not the spicy beef noodle soup you might expect but I did feel like the pickle veg could have made it shine a little more.I forget what my buddy had but after his initial glowing praise, he was very quiet and cleared his plate. This is a guy who barely ever clears his plate and he did so here with gusto.The tea she offers is good too so don't pass it up, I think it's a barley tea but I could be wrong. Yes, I will most definitely be back for more and it'll probably be for pick up to feed the family. Thank you Mama Lee and the spicy cucumber you suggested was excellent.
Quick & nice services. Very good food. I ordered Eggplant with garlic sauce. Yummy!  They gave my daughter kids meal - Rice and pork too.I would go there again. Parking is very easy.
