Stopped in for a late lunch. No frills dining but fantastic service and The Chicken Tikka Masala was fabulous. One of the best dishes I've had.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Indian food is really solid here and service is super friendly. It's Chawlas 2 because #1 is in India! Had the chicken tiki masala which is Indian 101. Really wanted to try the fish so will have to go back. Chicken is not overcooked which is the hardest thing about this dish. Flavors have depth. Sweet Lassi was good compliment.
One of the best Classic Punjabi meal I have had in NYC. Dal makhani was legit. Chicken khadai was delicious. Chole were as authentic as you would get in a Dhaba in Punjab.
Service was good.Flavors are good but not quite there?!Maybe I came in on an off day!?!?Nan was a little too flat. Fluffy and chewy but perhaps too flat.The chicken tandoori needed more spices - flavor.The LENTILS are absolutely incredible- I don't know if this is listed in th menu. It came w my combo. I could eat a giant bowl of this.Paneer is good. Different options. Again.... Just good.
This is honestly the best Indian food I have ever had.  My Indian friend agrees with the caveat outside of India.The place is unassuming and casual but the food is authentic unique family recipes.
This review is not about the quality of their food, but about the service they provide -- very poorly managed. We ordered lunch at 11.56 a.m. and they kept insisting it has been delivered at 12.50 p.m. After an agonizing wait of approx two hours, the lunch was delivered at 1.40 p.m. Disappointing.
Food was really terrific!! The Indian place that was here before was mediocre at best - this is NOT the same. Owner is very personable and helpful. Every dish we tried (4 of us) was great.
Chawlas 2 is my new go-to since moving to the Gramercy area! The waitstaff is very nice and delivery is quick. The food tastes very fresh and I am pleased with the selection of items. I've also found that if you want something to be spicier or less spicy the chef will accommodate. I had no idea that Chawlas 2 is a worldwide chain of restaurants.
This place rocks. Wow. Great food and ingredients and very reasonably priced. Love the 12.95 lunch with 7 selections. Locally procured ingredients and no Antibiotics or hormones in the meats. Great service to boot. Yes, the chicken malai tikka is divine. Loved the pani puri!!!
I cannot say enough good things about this place. I am from Iselin, NJ so I know a thing or two about good Indian food and THIS IS IT. Definitely go on a weekday to try their 7-course lunch special. For less than $15 you can eat more than your fill of deliciousness, complete with 1 app, 3 protein/veggie dishes, garlic naan, basmati rice, and even a light and refreshing dessert! Service was on point, very pleasant and helpful.
So much better than Spice Lane. Manager is great guy and very thorough in his explanation of the menu. The chef made us a custom Bryani to tailor to my Pakistani friends pallet. Big bang for your buck with the combos they offer. This location was doomed for years with failed place after place. Hope this place sticks around, it is infinitely better than what has been here in the past. Easy and quick spot for dinner or lunch
Just had lunch here with a colleague. I normally go to Murray Hill for Indian, never again.  The food here is amazing and the service is excellent. I look forward to coming back in days.
I'm a big fan of this place because its in our neighborhood, it's reasonably priced, and they cook up some delicious indian comfort food. The restaurant is almost always empty so its a nice quiet getaway from the more bustling bar restaurants in the area. I got the Kadhai chicken, which is a more dry curry and it was really amazing. The bf got a fish dish, which was quite tasty as well. We also got a samosa chaat and garlic naan to share and was not disappointed. One stickler was that they were about to close and did not accept credit cards since they closed the register. Overall a good neighborhood spot!
This place is a great, no frills experience! I've ordered combo plates on a number of occasions and have never been disappointed so far. As someone who has tried a lot of the Indian restaurants in the city, I would rate their Dal Makhni and Kadhai Paneer as one of the best. It's always nice to find a place that isn't glamorous or regularly featured that does justice to the food/cuisine.
Delicious goat biryani and naan with paneer tikka masala. Small place but very cozy. Love this neighborhood addition.
Craving good Indian food and ended up at this restaurant, amazing food and service. Had the mix grill which had the chicken tikka masala grilled to perfect, and Irani fish, the kind owner served us complimentary appetizers. Dessert was Kheer which is like sweet rice pudding and it was on point. Highly recommend a stop here, probably best Indian food I've had by far living here in NYC.
I discovered this place on a recent trip to Irving plaza, the reviews were very good so thought i'd check it out. The place is small, and the location is very convenient, and the prices are amazing.The guy who was serving was extremely attentive, showed that he cared and was knowledgeable about the food. I ordered a new dish "Iranian Fish" and the Cream Chicken. All dishes come with a side of rice or roti and if you get the full plate you also get the Daal.The portions of the Cream chicken was very nice, not sure if I could finish that by myself. The Iranian fish though was three small pieces. The fish was delicate to cut through though lacked much flavor.So why the three stars.  think if you are a non-indian or do not like too much spice, this place may be the right choice for you. I do like spice and a bit kick to the food, and this did not hit me. Now I could have potentially asked for extra spice in my food, so maybe the next time I could go that route, but served as is, the food was Ok.Pluses: Price; Quantity of the curry dishes, customer service; Roti; locationImprovements:  A bit kick and flavor to the food
I came here on a whim. I was hungry and wanted some lamb curry. They recently opened up, and they are in the process of renovating one or two things. The food was great and I really enjoyed the customer service. It's a good place for a group of friends and family, its spacious and theres a lot of seats.
Stopped here for a meal before catching a show at The Stand a Tuesday night. Small, no other guests, but the food was very good. One of the best Butter Chickens I've ever had. Recommended!
My husband and I hadn't realized Spice Lane closed until we walked in tonight!  Although the new space has slightly less ambiance, the quality of the food and personal service more than makes up for it!  We had tandoori chicken and saag - both perfectly prepared.  The owner/manager was very informative about the menu and made us feel welcome.  Can't wait to try other menu items when we return;)
I thought I knew what good Indian food was - but Chawlas blew my mind. The Chicken Malai Tikka is amazing - strongly recommend it. The manager, Jazz, is a rockstar - and the staff is super attentive. Thanks for a great meal - we'll definitely be back for more!!!
Food was amazing!! Best tasting I've every had, especially the cream chicken! I am always in search of great tasting Indian food in NYC, & Chawlas2 tops them all. Won't ever eat at any other Indian restaurant but this one.
Everything is amazing here!!! Everybody should eat their Cream Chicken at least once in their lifetime! The tikki massala is slamming and so is the Paneer Palak. Amazing, CLEAN and honestly priced, what else can someone look for?
Outstanding food!! :). I ordered the chicken tikka masala with tandoori nan. The chicken was damn too good, and cooked to perfection. Yummy! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty, savory Indian food. Probably one of the best in New York. I would definitely go again. 5/5
I visited the restaurant on Friday,about 1:30pm I was delighted to find that except for 2 other ladies,it was empty (I like quiet dining) the Tibetan server was so kind ,and sweet in guiding me through luncheon buffet menu.I was happy to know that the chef would regulate the amount of spices that were added.I pretty much stayed with things that were familiar Lamb,chicken (very tender,and delicious),fish,garlic nan,fresh lettuce,tomato salad.Perhaps on my next visit,I'll try more of the vegetarian delights,and a different desert.I will definitely return
First time here and the food was awesome. Tried the Irani fish, creamy chicken, amritsari chole, kulchas. Everything was simply good.
This is my new go to Indian restaurant. No need to go anywhere else for my (frequent) craving for Indian food. The food is amazing! The owner is super friendly and accommodating. It gets a nice local crowd, and I've found that people get chatty just talking about how good their food is. If you like tandoori, it's the best I've ever had. The cream chicken is ridiculously good. If you go, you will become a regular just like the rest of us who now go often :)
This is the best Indian delivery place available in the Lower East Side. After moving to the LES 3 years ago from a neighborhood with much better Indian food, and after having systematically tried every single Indian restaurant on Seamless, I can tell you Chawlas 2 is the real deal. It destroys all the competition. It's not even close. Excellent naan, curries, great papri chaat and rice pudding. Delivery was fast and prices are reasonable. Excellent!
This place is a great value. The food is really good and the prices very reasonable. For the price point it easily grabs 5 stars, and even compared to some more expensive Indian restaurants in manhattan it more than holds its own. Very convenient to either eat in or pickup. Whenever I order pickup it has been ready within 25-30ish minutes.
We ordered takeout.  The food was warm and fresh.  We had the chicken pudina pasanda, vegetable biryani and garlic naan.  Flavorful, spicy, delicious.  Cant wait to order again.
Amazing food! Personally recommend this place, it's been upgraded from A Spice Lane and let me tell you, the food is so much better and flavorful! Its definitely reasonably priced and has large portions. It has that authentic punjabi taste for sure! Definitely give this place a try if you're in Gramercy. They're known for their cream chicken for a reason, its amazing and can't be found anywhere else but here, surely give it a try
