I'm a Chinese but I still found the food was spicy and sour; the concept and music are good, but the food is not worthy to try again
This location is not as busy as some of the others. More seats too, with strong AC :)Food is always quick and decent at Xi'an.
First time in NY. The boyfriend and I usually eat Asian food and we were definitely wanting some. So I yelped near by Asian food places by our hotel and came across this place. There is no parking so I wouldn't even suggest to drive. We ended up taking an Uber to drop us off since it still was quite a distance from our hotel. It is like a hole in a wall that serves Asian cuisines. By the time we got there it was super packed. I really like how by the register they have big pictures of the food they serve. I love Asian food, but sometimes they only have the name of the dish and not a picture. So seeing a visual helped me choose what I want to get. We got the lamb dumplings, oxtail noodle soup, and pork noodle soup. The food was amazing! The flavors of the dumplings with the sauce it came with was kind of sweet and vinegary. The soups had a spice kick to it that was perfect including all the flavors combined. They make their noodles fresh which made a huge difference in the flavors. Love this place. Highly recommend.....Note: Only one bathroom.
This place was not on my original NYC itinerary, but I'm so glad that a friend of a friend strongly recommended that I reconsider adding this in.  The lunch stop I made on my last day in the city made for one of the most memorable meals I had during my entire time on the East Coast.I'm not sure what other Xi'an locations look like, but this particular spot is not for big groups that would prefer to sit at one table.  Instead of tables, they have raised areas and stools lining the right and left walls.  Before you can sit, though, you'll need to walk down to the register and place your order.  I'm not one for spicy food, but the classic here is N1 - spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles (11.19).  I asked the man at the register if there was any way to make it mild, but he said that everything has pretty much already been mixed together.  Oh well!  Knowing that I needed something to help combat the spiciness, I opted for a sour hawberry tea (2).  After paying, I was instructed to get my tea from the refrigerator to the right.A few spots cleared up while I was in line, so I found my seat and waited a few minutes until my order was ready.  Glancing at my receipt, I noticed two things:1) Bathroom code - 54582) Offer for a free homemade tea w/ my next $5+ purchase if I left feedback while in the store - xianfoods.com/tattleThe N1 is a hugeee plate of noodles, chunks of cumin lamb, and spicy chili oil sauce.  I got halfway through before feeling like I needed to wave the white flag of surrender.  The spice wasn't too bad at first, but it definitely built over time.  At one point I thought about the possibility of them selling soy milk (base neutralizing acid?).  In spite of the spice, it was absolutely delicious.  One cool thing about this place, aside from the food, is that the walls are covered in news articles that talk about the history of the restaurant and the owner's family.  It was really cool to see how this place has grown from just one man's dreams into something that his son has been able to carry on, too.
We basically ordered one of every vegetarian item on the menu. We loved everything. Though not a lot of difference in flavor profile. This place is awesome for vegetarians and vegans
Now part of a mini chain this was the perfect location near hotels and MOMA. I ordered one the noodle dishes and enjoy the chili oil! Service was quick and its a change from the sloppy Chinese food found elsewhere. This place is a thumbs up. Yum.
I love their noodles so much! I always get the N2 spicy and tingly beef noodles - the noodles are thick and chewy, the beef chunks are tender and flavorful, the diced celery adds a nice crunch to the dish, and it's spicy enough for me to handle. It can get pretty crowded during dinnertime on weekdays especially with limited seating space, so come early if you can. Their teas are very refreshing, and I recommend getting a drink if you're going to order something spicy!
This is my new favorite place to eat after visiting MoMA! I can't believe I hadn't heard of it before, and will seek out their other locations around the city as well.Over a couple of visits, I've tried the cumin lamb noodles, spicy beef noodles, and the lamb dumplings. All have been incredible, especially the dumplings, which in themselves are a large enough portion for a meal. The noodles are oily, but they're supposed to be. Everything tastes so authentic, and the prices are very reasonable.I also appreciate their ordering system, which is simple and efficient. The organization of the tables alongside of the space also makes it a great place to eat if you're dining solo. It can get tricky if you come here with friends and need a couple of seats next to one another, but my friends and I have been lucky with other customers having good manners and leaving once they're done eating. Basically, this place is the bomb, and definitely the best cheap lunch I've found in the area of Midtown between Rockefeller Center and the southern border of Central Park.
Oxtail soup here is to die for :). Great price for midtown and some amazing food - can't beat it!
I have been eating at Xi'an Famous Foods for a long time and introduced them to a lot of my coworkers and friends as tasty, authentic and good value for your money. I was excited to see they have a location now close to my work, and it had been my regular lunch spot.I noticed the price increase earlier in this year - fine, I understand they need to pay living wages to the staff and to afford this prime location in midtown between 5 ave and 6 ave - but they still need to maintain the portions. I have been having portion issues with lamb noodles - both dry and in soup. Usually I am just able to get bits and tiny pieces of meat. Maybe it is just a consistency issue - a week ago I got a lamb noodle soup with tiny little pieces of meat and only two slurps of noodle - not cool. My friend, who ordered pork dry noodle, got generous chunks pork, which we ended up sharing - I needed some protein!Line is usually pretty crazy but it moves fast during lunch hour. This location is more specious and looks clean. Flavor is always on point and noodles are good texture. I will still come back, but will probably try to avoid lamb.
Saw this one recommended by several sources.  The place is not exactly a restaurant but more like a fast food stop.  Order at the counter from a wall mounted picture menu.  Identify your choice by its  code number. S1 or SN2.  Wait for your dish to be prepared and shouted from the pick up window. They don't bring it to you. Grab a stool at the wall mounted counter that runs the length of each side.  Garbage is neatly dispose of in trash bins interspersed with the counters.  Don't sit too close to these - splatter happens.  The dishes are mostly two varieties- soupy or juicy plates.  Both have long homestyle noodles woven into the dishes.  Good texture but awkward to sever into bite sized pieces.  I chose the lamb plate.  I can eat a fairly hot/spicy dish but I asked for mild when I read some warnings.  Mild came liberally sprinkled with red pepper and diced green peppers. Spicy enough for me probably too much for many.  My companion's soup had tasty broth, was less spicy but still featured the noodle battle.Condiments were scarce and drinks were limited and not a bargain.  Plastic ware - soup scoop and fork are the utensils selection.The flavor of these dishes was very good. The speed of preparation was prompt.  I guess the no frills service keeps the costs under control but if you are looking for anything beyond dine and dash - choose another.
Touchdown in NYC for the first time in a while and my first meal was N1 Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand Ripped Noodles. You'd expect to come across a hole in the wall for greasy, inexpensive delicious Chinese food. Instead, you walk into a well run quick service restaurant with clean, white walls. The picture menu is super helpful. Drinks are already pre-packaged like boba sealed cups and easy to pick up. The noodles are thick, nice and chewy. The spiciness didn't help beat the 90 degree weather but the cold tea was perfect. The cumin lamb had a lot of flavor and wasn't overwhelming. This is probably even better after a night out!
Great quick place serving western Chinese. Had the spicy pork noodles and they were very tasty. Also recommend the jasmine tea. Good portions and piping hot when it comes out of the kitchen. Great place!
Omg i've wanted to try hand pulled noodles for so long now! I finally stopped by this place and they did not let me down. The noodles were soft, yet firm. They had flavor and definitely made you want to order more! I tried the noodles with oxtail. The oxtain meat was tender and full of flavor. It was indeed the flavor from the oxtail that added the pop to the noodles! Hands down, this place does not disappoint. The next time i'm in NYC i will be back!!!'
Xi'an knocks it out of the park with their hand pulled noddle! Although this was the first time I'd ever had hand pulled noddle I was truly blown away.When you first walk into this place you're confronted with restaurant that's extremely clean both in the area where you eat and if you peek into the kitchen you'll notice that it too is spotless. White tile, white marble, and stainless steel make this place look like a sterile clean room in a good way. Its far from a hole in the wall noodle spot you'll find in Chinatown and fits well into the MOMA area.I had the N4 which is the stewed pork hand ripped pulled noodle. The noodles were firm but not mushy with just enough broth, vegetable and meat to cover the size of the plate. The pork was great. Tender and extremely flavorful. The meal was satisfying and portion was just enough. I also got to sample the N5 which is Mount Qi vegetable hand ripped pulled noodle which was also amazing. The vegetables in N5 were tender and not mushy with a flavorful broth you wouldn't expect with a vegetable dish.I look forward to eating in this chain again and suggest you try it out!
This is a pretty decent noodle place for cheap-- noodle plates are all around $10 each, and you get a good amount of noodles!I really appreciate you can choose your level of spiciness, especially since the mild was already pretty spicy for me! (I have no tolerance for spicy food, though).There is no waitstaff here, you order at the counter. The menu is on a side wall near the register, which is hard to see until you are the front of the line. Food came out pretty speedy, but the places to sit are all along the walls and the countertop is very narrow.The noodles were good! They are a little chewier and stretchier than I had imagined. They are also huge, and I think they are kinda difficult to eat.My chicken "concubine" noodle plate had very little chicken on it (mostly bones). The veggie noodle plate had some small veggies on it. However, it's mostly about the noodles here if you get a noodle plate!I'd love to come back and try their lamb burgers or soup dishes. They also had some delicious looking teas.This is also conveniently located across from the 54th st MoMA entrance; perfect for dinner after your free Friday night ;)
With the comment from Mr. Jason, I want to reiterate that this is my personal opinion! My sister and brother enjoyed the food. But gave my honest thoughts and again, I'm hopeful a second experience might be more pleasant than the first!
This is my review of this location only. I already patronize and have written a good review of the Upper Eastside location, and the food and service there is great. I was very excited when THIS location opened because it is close to my office. But I doubt I will ever go back here and I would encourage others to exercise caution. The service here is painfully slow. Comically slow. For example, I was in a bit of a hurry with only 15 minutes for lunch so I ordered"L1", the tiger salad because it requires no cooking. But the line to place an order was more than 10 minutes long and I waited another 15 minutes before my order was ready. I ordered nothing else just the salad. The pick up window went through the numbers...up and up, then right past my number and more than 10 numbers above mine. Out of the kitchen came various soups and noodle dishes, but my simple salad, which required no cooking at all was nowhere to be found. It only arrived after I went up to the window showed them my receipt and they told me "it's coming". After 15 minutes. They should have these simple salads ready to go, no wait. My advice: stay away if you want a quick, easy meal. You should also know that there are no tables here, just a narrow counter along each wall. To the management:  your food tastes good, but your order/pick up procedure needs help. Big time. I can think of 5 easy ways you can easily improve the efficiency. Note, I go out for lunch every day, there are lots of choices around, not sure I'm going to come back here.Below you can read the flimsy boilerplate comment from the management, who became defensive and asked me to give them the exact date, time and order number so they could "look into it". What they don't understand is constructive criticism. I was trying to help them, but they took it as an indictment of sorts. In the first sentence of my review I already said I patronize another location happily and gave it a very positive review. To the management I REPEAT:  you screwed up my order! Accept it.
I tried the one in Chinatoen first and definitely love A1! So the next day I had it again in this location. Personsnally I like the China town location better as it is less salty and more flavorable. Hope you guys open a location in Houston! People will loooooove to have you to be here.
The food is fast and delicious for the value. I was so excited to try xi's because ive heard good things and there really isnt a good chinese food in the neighborhood (or i just havent found it). Xi's is my go-to asian soup restaurant in  the area. From my experience they basically have one type of noodle for all dishes and just add different soup or sauce to it. It can be a little spicy so make sure you ask for mild or spicy at the register. I havent gone during lunch hours (12-1:30) to avoid the lunch rush. I usually go around 3-4 and theres no line and plenty of empty seats. There are about 30 stools along the wall, i dont recommend for groups. The menu is available on the wall by he register with pictures. Pretty easy to read. The drink options are limited to teas and 3 types of beer and i think canned coca cola in the fridge. I will be back over and over, at least once a week.Btw i love their plastic spoons. Not a reg plastic spoon for the pho/Vietnamese noodle spoons lolDef recommend it. There are more locations in the city.
Great noodles.  Service can be better.  The guy was a bit dismissive.  That said, the food we had was very good.  The place is clean and informal.  Good place for a quick bite for a decent price.  Don't expect to make a friend though.
I came on the day of the Women's March -- so the neighborhood was very busy. We were glad to see that the line at Xi'an was reasonable and were able to find seating. I brought two friends for the first time and was so excited to take them to Xi'an -- I've been to other locations and it's my favorite spot for a quick, tasty, reasonably priced meal. I ordered N2 (Spicy and Tingly Beef) and it did not disappoint. I will be back!
First time I've been to this Xi'an location (I usually go to the Greenpoint location); it's super convenient if you're at MoMA. It's the same quality fresh and delicious food (and relatively cheap prices) as the other locations. I got the Stir-Fried Liang Pi Cold-Skin Noodles. Good vegetarian options!
terrible service waited for almost half hour to get the food. obviously they forgot to prepare the food！terrible！terrible！ terrible！
My favorite is the Lamb Noodle Soup. The Sour Hewberry Tea is great. I also love the Lamb Burger. This location is huge. Totally worth the time and money.
Solid take out food.  Hadn't been to one of these before (don't think they are on the west coast) and I definitely was satisfied with the value for the reasonable price
Spicy lamb noodles, spicy tofu, and a sour tea. So good. Noodles were big and chewy. Comfort food
Busy at lunchtime.  Come either early or late lunch.  Less of a wait.  Great noodles.
This was a very nice experience in Xian famous food in MoMA. I had spicy noodles with beef, it was so nice and I would like to have more when I finished! The noodles were very special and the beef was authentic! Staff were nice and helpful, very short waiting time. I will definitely come back again and again.
Loved my lamb noodle soup. It had a lot of heat and the land was perfectly cooked. It wasn't soggy or dried, the sour drink (I forgot the name of it) was a good side to try.
Decided to try something new while in NYC -- glad that I did!  Great food... great service... come get some.
The place was fast the noodles were good the building was clean the people were nice the price was reasonable the service was fast
environment is ok.  however very small portion of food and meat. not worth $11 at all.
After eating here today, all I can think about is when will be my next opportunity to eat spicy lamb cumin noodles!  A truly great and affordable midtown lunch option.
Felt disappointed about the beef spicy soup noodle and pork spicy soup noodle in this store. Both myself and my family love Xian's famous food. We've been tried different food at different locations. So far, the best pork burger is the ones at 34th Street, the best noodles with soup is at 45th street. This place and 34th street one have very nice environment comparing with the one at 45th street. Now let's back to my order tonight. It was the first time I visited this location. It is extremely cold outside so we ordered Beef and Port noodles with soup as well as Yang Rou Pao Mo and pork burger. As the beef noodle was ready, the color of soup looks different than my previous order at 45th and 34th street. I felt a little bit strange. I ordered regular spicy but it looked no red spicy oil in the soup at all. Then I tasted it, there was only two small piece of beef. Usually it has enough beef in this one. The soup also tasted not fresh. The pork one looked better than the beef one. But hubby said it didn't taste well too. Anyway, I don't know what happened, maybe Xian famous food changes its recipes?! By the way, It does increase each dish's price comparing with one week ago.
Glad to see Xi'an Famous Foods expanding their branches. I usually visit the food court location in Flushing and was quite surprised they have a newer location close to central park. The location is a bit small but new and clean. Only about two long rows of bench seating so definitely expecting a wait for seating if you come here during busy times. I would have to say I find their beef version of the noodle soup to be superior however, the cumin lamb noodle that we got felt more spicy and salty. Same for the lamb and pork burgers, I guess its the type of meat but the pork meat just feels more juicy and tastier with that extra bit of pork fat as oppose to the lamb meat. Price is definitely very good for this area of the town. Since its relatively small there's no waiter service but the staff at the counter work pretty fast in getting your orders in. Our food was ready in about 5 minutes. Its nice that they have a newer location as the bathroom is pretty clean as well.Definitely recommended if you're craving some hot and spicy Northern Chinese food!
My colleagues love this place so I decided to check it out once and for all.  It definitely lived up to its billing!  Very filling, hearty and delicious!  This place was made famous by Anthony Bourdain.  I ended up going to the midtown location (54th & 5th) and as recommended I ate it fresh in the restaurant.   I ordered the Ns5 (mount qi vegetables hand ripped noodles in soup).  I wasn't feeing so great that day so I kind picked an easy entree.   The only negative was that it was very greasy and that really doesn't bother me all that much :-).  Staff was friendly.
Yummy noodles, big portion, but SUPER GREASY!Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles- The noodles were delicious, very thin and yummy, but difficult to eat with the plastic utensils provided. There was a good portion of lamb on the plate and the cabbage was a good contrast in texture. The spicy cumin "sauce" was extremely oily and did not carry much flavor. As a whole, the hand ripped noodles themselves were the best part of the dish. However, the provided utensils made the noodles hard to eat. The overall flavors were mostly just oil and grease, making it not memorable. 2/5 Setup: I did enjoy the setup of the restaurant. It's clean and has lots of seating along the wall. It's pretty fast service too. They do not offer complimentary water, they only sell bottled water. 4/5
This place definitely lives up to all the hype! The spicy cumin lamb noodles really do have an explosion of flavor and that spicy kick to it. The lamb is marinated really well, but the noodles are also just cooked to perfection. What's super underrated here though is the cold skin noodles! They were so refreshing to eat because it was cold, but also still had great flavor that wasn't too heavy. I liked both the noodles equally, but the cold skin noodles were a lovely surprise!
Authentic and spicy Xi'an cuisine at an affordable price. This place is primarily known for their hand-pulled noodles, but their spicy and sour spinach dumplings (F6) are fantastic as well.What the dumplings lack in quantity, they make up for in size. Although there are only six per order, each piece is huge (and consequently, quite a challenge to maneuver using chopsticks). They're stuffed with a generous amount of ground spinach and vermicelli noodles, and are tasty enough that non-vegetarians can enjoy them without feeling like they're missing out. The dumplings sit in a spicy and sour sauce, amplifying their flavor.I've also had the liang pi cold-skin noodles (A1), one of the dishes that allows Xi'an to showcase their renowned chili oil. According to the sign posted by the pictorial menu along the wall, the chili oil contains over thirty spices, in addition to fresh dried red chili peppers. It's the founder's secret recipe, and undoubtedly plays a significant part in the restaurant's claim to fame.If you're in the mood for authentic, top-notch Chinese cooking, look no further. Xi'an Famous Foods has got you covered.
Place is spacious looks clean... order and pick up is organizedNo table service so don't sit down and think they are going to bring your foodGet something spicy its worth it.
True rating 3.5 The Xi'an Famous Foods, amazing how it got so big and now it is everywhere in NY. We came here for lunch, pretty packed. Inside definitely reminds you of a food court. You order and then they call your name. We ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb Dry Thick Noodles and the Spicy Cumin Lamb Handpulled Noodles in Soup. The dry noodle were pretty good and chewy, flavors were powerful. It was bit too oily for me so after eating a few bites, it was quite overwhelming. I liked the soup version better, very tasty and clean. The lamb was OK, kind of dry. Overall decent place for a quick lunch and to get a taste of thick noodles with good spices!
I'm updating my review to 4 stars because this is consistently my favorite location of xians. It has the most seating. It's usually pretty quiet. Service is fast. And even though they don't have dumplings, which the owner explained why not to me, and even though I think of lots of things based on accessibility for anyone disabled, this location has consistently given me the most meat in my noodles. And that makes me very happy. I would suggest always getting regular spice unless you really can't tolerate it. I once ordered least amount of spice for the tingly beef noodles and it mainly tasted like a tomato base and I missed the really strong punch of flavor. So I will be sticking to regular spice, regardless of what my stomach is telling me! I wish all locations had as much seating as this one!
I go to this place about once a month. It's a fun joint with very fresh and spicy noodles. Very nice to have this convenient noodle place in this location. Other noodles in the area are good but maybe not hand-pulled or as fresh. These noodles will defiinitely get your facial sweat glands a workout! TASTY!
Lamb noodle was delicious, the service was quick and friendly, and this location has more seating than others.
Overall: 2/5Good noodlesBad value (which wasn't the case before)Posts videos of their customersThis chain used to be a good place, but it turned very corporate.I used to come to Xiian Famous Foods before even moving to NYC. I recommended it to everyone (airports, other frequent travelers, etc.). But not anymoreYes this new location is cleaner (with a very nice bathroom) than other Xiian locations. But it feels cold and corporate, rather than "we're a small father and son shop with great noodles" vibe.The service feels like a McDoanlds... the staff just don't seem to care as much as their East Village location.I also noticed that the owner is posting videos of customers on their Facebook page for publicity. When did customers become (unpaid) publicity models? "Sure come eat our noodles but you'll be in our next viral ad too so we can get more business"EDIT: Updated to 2/5... the sauce and hot oil is still good.
Fast food style Uyghur food server in a fast food to go style minimal setting.Ordered Spicy Cucumbers and Concubine Chicken Noodles with apple sidra (foreign import).Clean and busy during dinner times .Spicy cucumbers were mild in flavor but very flavorful, the chicken was stewed in spices and onions, the noodles are half pulled fresh and plenty,I found the food slightly under seasoned but there is table salt available if you want more . There is a hint of cinnamon and cloves which is refreshing In my opinion the star is hand pulled noodles made right in front of customers,The meat is served bone in butchered as typical middle eastern style. There might be a shanks that a piece of bone fragment here and there .Over all experience is not too bad for a fast food style chain
Xi'an is good for basic Chinese food that uses a lot of hot spice and oils. There's a lot of celebrity hype for this restaurant and I'm not sure why. My parents wanted to check this place out as it's been all over the food channel now and they thought the food was good but not what they expected from again, all the hype.If you're in New York and am interested in noodles and have the extra time, it's a good place to check out.
Love this place! This is an evergreen Chinese food spot that is vegetarian-friendly and consistently delicious. I had the Spinach Sweet and Sour dumpling soup. Yum! The portion is huge for $10 and the spicy was perfectly spiced. There are lots of coriander and green onions that was very flavorful. Also had the jasmine tea that was the perfect pairing. I'll definitely be back for more!
I had a really delicious lunch here during a busy workday. I came down during rush hour and did not wait long for the food. I followed the advice of a few folks who pointed me here in the first place - don't let the noodles cool - they are hand-ripped and taste best when they are fresh and hot. I ordered the Spicy Hot Oil Seared Hand-ripped Noodles and the Spicy Asian Cucumber Salad. I have to try a noodle dish with a protein next time. I think the lack of protein left me feeling like it was a bit too oily and just missing something. I will go back and if I find that this improves my experience overall, I'll boost to a 5-star rating. The noodles were unreal. They were so long! My technique for eating them was not ideal I'm sure, and real cute I'm sure............. but they were the perfect texture and the dish was satisfying. Portions are large for lunch. I saved mine and had a little more towards the end of the day which helped me stave off my early evening cravings for food trucks as I walk to the subway to go home and eat a healthier dinner.The cucumber salad was AMAZING. The cucumbers were crisp and fresh. The sauce on them was so delicious I actually found myself dipping my noodles into it to give it that extra oomph I felt was missing from lack of protein/full flavor. Again, i'm sure anyone who caught me eating this at my desk thought it was a real cute display.......................Anyway, HIGHLY RECOMMEND this for lunch. It'll be busy during peak times on a week day, but they have a good system down and it'll be worth it. It'll cost about $15 if you snag the cucumber salad on top of a noodle dish. Also, worth it. I will be back soon!
When most people think of Chinese food they probably imagine flickering fluorescent lights, dingy counters, and a nonsensical name to match. They also imagine comfort food and sloppy portions of greasy dishes whipped up at bullet-train speeds. That seems to be what "take out" refers to nowadays.Xi'an foods, however, towers above the traditional fast food standard for Chinese food. Main points:1. It's as authentic as you can get in terms of traditional mainland food (as corroborated by my friends who have come here from mainland China).2. Although almost as fast as your typical take out places, the quality--especially the noodles--is astronomical. They really pay attention to delivery and consumption.3. The physical space is efficient and for the most part clean, which is surprising given the volume of people that come in every day (I'm guessing its a lot).4. They care about plant eaters! Usually authentic food comes at the price of some animal products involved. Places that claim to be vegan-authentic asian- also usually blow and taste contrived. Xi'an, bar none, has the best traditional noodles I've had in my life--100% vegan too! Try the N8 (Spicy Hot Oil Seared Hand Ripped Noodles) if you're a plant-food lover as well as F1 (Chang-An Spicy Tofu) and L2 (Spicy Cucumber Salad).Definitely a top spot for anyone who wants real Xi'an food (a province that was near the beginning of the Silk Road and thus had flavors of the Middle East and China combined).
One of my favorite places to eat in New York. There are so many options of meat and noodle combos and the flavors are super savory!I got a spicy pork noodle dish and it was phenomenal. I also suggest ordering one of their iced teas! Went well with the spicy dish and you'll thank yourself for it. It was only about $8 for the noodles and $3-$4 for the drink. This location in particular isn't as crowded as the other Xi'ans around NY.Check it out after visiting the MoMa which is right across the street!
Order, grab a seat and eat! Simple fast easy. Like anyone out there I hate eating time!! This place will not fail! This is evolution of Chinese cuisine at its finest. Best bang for your buck! Hand pulled noodles and extra tender choice of meat. After your airplane ride please do your self a favor and order "N2" Better than drunk food.Customer service better average NYC food chains.You are welcome!
Of all the Xi"an Famous Foods location this is the one you'll want to shimmy yourself down to. This location is brand spanking new, open, spacious, soft lighting with plenty of standing room to get your Xi"an groove on and has all the designs of a much nicer dining in feel. That all having been said the crowds haven't yet flooded this location just yet so stepping in and ordering your food for dining in guarantees you prime real estate seating for now. I love going to get my spicy foods from all the Xi'an locations & ease of ordering however this location has enough space to stand comfortably while you wait for your order(s) without having other hungry people's breath in your face.The food here is relatively inexpensive, spicy and delicious as is but if you like having your arse set on fire then you do have the option of having your dish upgraded to the next level of spiciness; just remember what goes in must come out, hahaha! Anywho, I ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles for takeout and traveled an hour with it before landing at home to savor the chewy noodles, fresh lamb and spices and still the noodles were perfect and the dish was very filling.My other favorite to go dishes are noted below, travel well if your not going to dine in and sure to satisfy.Liang PI Cold-Skin Noodles - delicious & satisfying if your PETA consicous get this no meat in this dish for you.Spicy Asian Cucumber Salad great with your noodles with an extra kick of spicy goodness.Stewed Ox-Tail Hand Ripped Noodles - Hearty & Satisfying.Spicy Hot Oil Seared Hand Ripped Noodles - Perfect all on its own.You've been served and oh yeah they play some pretty good music while you wait - Love!
My 1st experience here was good. It was clean inside, hip hop music playing, easy and efficient checkout, large menu with pictures, and food came out quickly. I tried the lamb and chicken noodles which were tasty and spicy. I think the pork burger was alright. I would've liked it better if it came in a steamed white bun but that is just my preference. I'll be back!
Happy grand opening, West 54th Street location!!!1) I'm loving that there's finally a Xi'an location near my job! No more walking to West 45th Street to get my spice fix!2) The place is HUGE. There are at least 30 seats (twice the amount at West 45th) and plenty of standing space while waiting for your order.3) The food is just how I know it to be: spicy and perfect. I got my usual oxtail noodle soup and it did not disappoint.4) I spotted the owner, Jason Wang!Best believe I'll be coming here very, very often. #fatassP.S. For today ONLY, you can get a free entree! Just find their grand opening post on Facebook, share it on your wall, and then show it to them.P.P.S. I got there right at 11:00 am when the free entree special starts, and surprisingly the line was short. I kind of want to go back during peak lunch hours just to see how long the line is.
I love Xi'an. Everyone should have Xi'an at least once in their lifetime. My go-to is the N4, spicy. I always ask for my food to stay because it tastes much better like this. I recommend you order to stay if you can as the noodle quality is better. I also love Apple Sidras. My other go-tos are their pork burgers with tiger salad on the side. This time around I had the pork noodles which never fail to disappoint.This new midtown location is small (not much seating but it clears up quickly). The service is always fast.
If there was a Xi'an in my 'hood, I would be there once a week! This is not your run-of-the-mill Americanized Chinese food, it's northwestern Chinese cuisine and it's amazing. The menu here is simple yet enormous. There's an amazing assortment of meals to choose from for such a no-frills establishment. Like their other locations, there is seating crammed anywhere and everywhere. The interior is simple: white subway tiles and brick. The radio plays a lot of hip hop -- it's a youthful, informal atmosphere with very little pretense. The"pork zha jiang noodles", a steal at $7.75 is probably my favorite. This is the dish Xi'an Famous Foods is famous for. Every time I visit any one of their locations, I'm excited to dig in after just looking at this rich meal. A simple mixture of spicy stir-fried ground pork and a soybean paste sauce on top of thick noodles. The noodles are broad and thick, with a filling-doughy quality to them. They're handmade and ripped in the kitchen. The meat and sauce are deliciously savory, and there's a very slight hint of sweetness in the rich sauce which plays well with the cool crunch of cucumbers, scallions, celery, and chives. Also try the "spicy and tingly" beef soup, you'll be blown away. The broth is oily, very heavy on cilantro, and incredibly spicy -- the name doesn't lie! And the beef is so incredibly tender, it practically melts in your mouth. I don't think that I've ever experienced such a euphoric soup before this. And for $9, the serving size is well worth it; this alone constitutes a satisfying meal. The servings are enormous, and the meals are hardy and filling. And for such low prices, how can one go wrong? I love Xi'an.
I would move to NYC just to be able to go there once a week. Great western Chinese cuisine, I still dream about their lamb noodles.. it was fresh, different, spicy, juicy, noodles were perfect, I have rarely experienced real happiness eating a dish. I will have to go back as soon as I can.
Ordered the Beef Noodles and Pork Sandwich.Beef Noodles were good, beef was soft and moist, noodles were cooked well.Pork sandwich was nicely flavored, fragrant pork fat smell. But didn't actually taste like that much, especially in comparison to the spicy beef noodles. Been to the other location on 45th before, and I think that place was better.
LOVE this place! I am a huge fan of northern Chinese food because it reminds me of childhood and this place is one of my favorites. My two favorites are the Liang Pi Cold Skin Noodles and Stewed Pork Burger. I recently moved to NYC from LA and Xi An Famous Foods was one of the reasons I was looking forward to living in NYC. I've been to many of the locations throughout the city on past work and personal trips to NYC and have never been disappointed.
Came here with friends on the way to a broadway show. The food was good but not terrific. Ordered traditional "Liang pi", "rou jia mo".  They got my friend's approval, who was from Xi'an. I'll be back definitely.
Their lamb burger and spicy cumin lamb noodles were, as usual, wonderful for this branch that is too conveniently located across the street from my office - however!Prices have increased significantly. In addition, don't ever order the N1 Liang Pi cold noodles to go unless you want a half-assed child-sized portions of bean sprouts and a few strands of noodles.Bye, Xi'an. It was a good run while it lasted. Update: I've seen Jason's comment. Take a look at the photo I snapped of the liang pi - the empty space is where the sauce container was nestled for a to-go package. I still stand by my statement of never ordering it to go.
Lovely biang biang mian in an amazing spicy, rich chili oil! The best is N2, which comes with beef and Sichuan peppercorn for that amazing mala flavor!
Food was very good; I had the lamb dumplings and the spicy beef noodle soup. Both had a lot of flavor; the lamb dumplings were described as sour, but don't be deterred by that, it's a perfect pairing of a slight vinegar taste. This is a staple for my visit to New York.
I came with two colleagues for lunch on a Friday. The line to order was long, but the pickup line was even longer. Thankfully. the operation is a well-oiled machine and very efficient. I ordered the Mt. Qi Vegetable Noodles, which were good, but not out-of-this-world amazing. They were quite oily. Thankfully, they weren't spicy, since I had expressly requested for no chili oil. Word of caution: prices have increased. At least they are transparent on their website about the price increase, even showing what the old and new prices are. I like that transparency and justification (increase in fixed costs, employee benefits, etc.). It's just that midtown prices were already higher than other locations' prices to begin with, so the price hike is less appreciated now.
WHEN: Came here end of June. My boyfriend likes taking me out and spoiling me like the Queen that I am.WHAT WE GOT: Stewed pork burger and he got the spicy&tingly beef hand-ripped noodles.THOUGHTS: Food tasted very rubbery. Not the good kind of rubbery, like bubble gum. But the rubbery as in plastic fork rubbery. As in you might contract salmonella and e-coli kind of rubbery. Place was also a mess. Staff obviously doesn't clean up. Tables were dirty with hot sauce and other kinds of nasty grease. I had to become a staff member of Xi'an and clean up.BRIBERY: Xi'an bribes people to write fake reviews. They been "in business for 12 years" by exchanging heavy discounts on their food in exchange for FAKE FAKE FAKE FRAUDULENT 5 STAR REVIEWS. Owner thinks they're immune to bankruptcy and closures like Macy's, JcPenny, Wet Seal, Borders Bookstore, American Apparel, Filene's Basement, and etc since they've "been in business for 12 years" aka bribing all this time for FRAUD reviews. CONTACT: Contact Yelp and ask how you can get some discounts from this store. If bribery is an acceptable model to them on their website???
I don't often find myself in this area, so didn't really know where to get lunch. I was intrigued by the "Western Chinese cuisine" sign and went inside. It's a bit disappointing that they don't have many vegetarian options on the menu, but the one I tried is insanely delicious. I'm now a huge fan of their spicy & sour spinach dumplings. The flavor, as a result of using a special spice mix, is so original - I've just never tasted anything like this before. I can't stop spreading the word about this place. I hope it lives up to expectations!
Omg.I can't even believe that food like this exist. Just when I think I've tried it all, in comes my spicy cumin lamb  noodles! Where do I begin?The food was superb.The atmosphere was nice. The place was CLEANAnd the workers were so down to earth. I never had anything like this...I'm still in awe.I'm so angry that I live in Florida because I would come here every single day!I don't care how, but I WILL come back. A+
The pulled noodle was soo good. I was the first time i tried it and it felt authentic. I took the N2 and N10. The spicy noodle was my most favorite one
Second time at this location. The flavor of the spicy and tingly beef hand-ripped noodles in soup is enjoyable and not so spicy that you can't taste anything else. The edge of your tongue will still be tingly, however, hence the name. The quantity is not worth the price at $12. I saw people around me eating the spicy and tingly beef hand-ripped noodles, which look more worth it given the greater quantity and cheaper price. Although the chain had very humble beginnings, this location feels very corporate and like a fast-food chain. It may help if the workers are more friendly so that the chain can re-achieve the family-owned feeling.
Same Xian goodness. What I actually love about this location over the other ones is how spacious and clean it is. Not sure when this one was opened relative to their many other locations, but this one really hits the mark in terms of cleanliness. Xian also slays at consistency, so their food here is just as good as everywhere else. I always get the pork noodles -- the soups are always a bit too hot and spicy for me, but the dry noodles really hit home. Deliciously chewy noodles and some yummy pork. Really, what's not to love?
I come here all the time and always get the same thing. N4 Stewed Pork Noodles. It's good but maybe not great.If you're looking for a decent Chinese fast casual restaurant then this is it. Just don't come with a big party because there's not a lot of sitting space.
I've walked past their new place in brooklyn, and when I found myself on the right block in midtown I had to try it, after hearing good things from yelpers. I tried the spicy and tingly beef noodles and the rice cakes with honey. On another visit I tried the noodle dish with chicken. Fool me once, etc. I won't be going a third time. I prefer more food than grease, for one thing. For another, I prefer not to have hair in my food, but there was hair both times. On the second, I opened the container and there was a log black hair sitting right on top--seriously. I'd paid ten bucks or whatever so I ended up trying to eat around the brown chicken, but ended up throwing away half of the food after I started feeling bone chips in my mouth and started to retch a bit. There are other places with handmade noodles, and they can't be any worse than this place. The flavor was okay, but nothing special. They have a fridge of cans of soda, and pre-packaged iced tea in three flavors. The staff are friendly, although I wish they were less generous with the hair and grease.
I tried Xi'an Famous Foods twice while I was in New York.  The first time, I had the spicy oxtail soup with homemade noodle soup and the second time, I had the spicy beef with homemade noodle soup.  My experience on the second visit, I felt the soup was a bit oily.  I did like their homemade noodles.  That's what brought me back the second time.  It's not as doughy as most places I've tried in California and the consistency of the noodle with the soup balanced each other.  I don't think I'd go back again unless I try something else. Overall, it's a place where you want to get a quick bite for lunch.
I wanted to explore some restaurants that make noodles. I discovered this place, not that far from my job and I was craving for some noodles. So I decided to give it a shot.The place is really cool. Loved the atmosphere. The food was very good and affordable under $20 with meal and drink. Isn't that bad. Only bad decision was to go on lunch hour rush. Limited seating and lines. But still a great place to eat.
Missing the last star only because of price. The oxtail noodle mixed with spicy sauce was absolutely delicious; I even took time to dab at the sauce after I finished the noodles! The Chinese salad was a bit strange for me, consisting of a light vinaigrette on top of cilantro, Chinese celery, and then something else.Nice to have handmade noodles easily accessible in various parts of the City!Note that there are no tables where you can sit across the table and talk to someone, so it's kinda a eat and then get on with your day sort of place.Closes relatively early.
Well here it goes.  My wife sees this place on line and she says,"Let's go!"  Ok. We go. I got N3 (Mount Qi Pork) and my wife got N1 (Spicy Cumin Lamb).  My wife liked it!  I liked it too. It's just that my pork was a little tough. The noodles are awesome!!!!! You will enjoy yourself. I only have one thing to beef about. YOU SHOULD NEVER PLAY GANGSTER RAP MUSIC IN RESTAURANT!!!'n. Our kids had to listen to that!!!  That's not professional. How about some soft music or nothing at all!!  You shouldn't have to here that mess!!!! Otherwise...I'm happy.
Finally tried Xi'an Famous Foods, and there was no wait either. Loved the many vegetarian options and the sweet, sour, and spicy taste. Would definitely be back!
This location isn't much to look at, but we stopped by late this evening and it wasn't busy so we ordered a couple of noodle dishes and then sat down anticipating that it would be at least 10 or 15 minutes before they were ready, so imagine our surprise when our number was called in just over one minute! The noodles were clearly precooked and accordingly overcooked. We'd been to a couple of their other locations years back (and my better half is a native Chinese-speaking, Chinese-American) and this Xi'an just doesn't cut it. And to add insult to injury, when we asked about a take-out container to bring home a bit of the sauce on the counter we were told they didn't have any containers and we should just dump some on the noodles: they're serving McDonald's style precooked, fast-food, which is not how proper Chinese cooking is done. Avoid (at least this) Xi'an.
After hearing my friends rave about this spot, I was honestly very excited to try their food but was not too impressed. Although the concept of Chinese-Arabic cuisine and hand ripped noodles was appealing, it ended up being too spicy, saucy, and oily for my taste. I ordered N1 - spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles. My friend ordered the same dish and I noticed our dishes were not consistent with one another. My friend's dish was a little more dry and therefore less oily, and less spicy. I think this alone made for a bad experience for me, and it might be an acquired taste, so I would really love to give them another chance someday.The one plus-side is they serve chrysanthemum tea - it's a great complement to the dish, as it is very light in sweetness and the tea makes you feel more refreshed after your meal.
not bad.  not as good as mitsuwa marketplace or tsurutontan (different style noodles, i.e. chinese vs japanese).  food came out fairly quickly.  i had stomach cramps after i ate so something tells me the food is loaded with msg.  i will come back again to try the dumpling soups.
FOOD: I LOVED their SPICY AND TINGLY BEEF HAND-RIPPED NOODLES in the regular spicy level. Just enough spice and a tangy taste. It has so much flavor and the noodles absorb the oily flavor so well. I loved the noodles more than the meat, but the meat is flavorful as well. I ate this dish twice in two days and I cannot stop dreaming about the taste. I seriously wish they The STEWED OX TAIL NOODLES IN SOUP is a mild spicy and flavorful. The broth makes the noodles a little too soft for me, but the broth is very good for a cold day or if you're a broth person more. They give a lot of meat with this dish as well. PRICE: The price isn't too bad considering the amount you get. The bowl may look small, but because it's the fat noodles, it will get you really full. I would definitely say their prices are very affordable. SERVICE: Quick and easy! I love their picture menu. Their utensil area is easy to access and their drinks are on the right side. They offer can sodas and tea in a  covered plastic cup. Will need a code for the restroom, if you're needing to use that. Both times I came here was very quiet with the music playing and me just enjoying every bite of my noodles. YOU NEED TO TRY THEM OUT!!! I hope to return again for their spicy and tingly beef hand ripped noodles.
Mmmmm noodles! Like everyone says don't let their line fool you! It goes by quickly but be prepared to eat standing up!Their noodles can be customed to spicy level which I liked because I can't eat too spicy. Their chrysanthemum tea is delicious too!There are multiple spots and is a great option in New York that won't break the bank!
Good quick eat after 7:30pm.  No service, just here for the food. Very authentic noodles. Hope they open a store in Colorado.
I'm still thinking about the spicy lamb dumplings and cumin lamb noodles days later. Excellent pricing, too, and swift service in a pleasant space.
Glad I stopped in here for lunch on a cold and rainy day..honestly didn't know what to expect, other then my buddy Thien come here so that means it must be good. Their ordering system is quick and straight forward, I had my food within 5 minutes of walking in the door. The noodles are the real deal here, or what I presume would be the real deal. Wide, fluffy, tender noodles cloaked in an oily chili sauce loaded with chopped pork, fermented cabbage, and fresh scallion. All I could really ask for. I will be back for sure to try some more dishes..I really wish I got the sweet and sour lamb dumplings and one of their cold salads! When in NYC, come here!
Very different from ramen - double the amount of oil but oh so flavorful. The lamb pulled noodles are ideal for a cold day or any day you want a huge burst of flavor really
I really like chili oil now solely because of this place!! The noodles are so goooooood.
I have to be quite honest with you. I don't know the difference between a bad dumpling and a good dumpling.  as long as its fully cooked, I'm good.  With that being said, Xi'an has dumplings that exceed my expectations.  the dumplings are definitely hearty where there is not too much wrappers and plenty of meat.we also had the spicy cucumber which a pretty decent snack between the two.  they have a little awkward seating plan so dont expect this to be some sit down joint where you're facing your party
New opening - about 2 weeks ago as told to me by an employee. Standard Xian Famous Food menu, but this store appears to be missing some dishes like the black cold noodle special. It might take them some time to have everything. New menu did add sweet rice cakes, which is delicious. Add their spicy sauce to it (it may sounds weird, but trust me) and it's great! Perfect texture and brings fond memory of rice cakes (种子).Space is clean and spacious. Go there before the surrounding office crowd realizes this new spot opened!
Mount Qi Pork Noodles: moderately spicy, pork is pretty good, noodles are delicious, overall very good. Lamb/beef burgers: both very tasty, crispy. Cumin lamb is insanely flavorful and is the definitely the pick of the two.
During my first trip to NY I had Xian's. I've dreamed about those noodles ever since then. So during this trip I decided to bring my sister to Xian's. We were not disappointed. My sister got the ox tail and after hearing what other customers were ordering...I decided to order the same dish as they did despite my hesitation. I ordered the NS1. The lamb cumin soup. I was hesitant because I'm usually a traditionalist when it comes to Chinese food, and cumin is not Chinese haha. My sis got the ox tail soup. The oxtail soup was delicious! The broth was so good and it comes with about 2 pieces of ox tail. The lamb was good...but not great. If you wanted something more traditional then don't get the lamb, get the beef or pork noodle soup. But the noodles were on point as usual. It won't stop me from coming back during my next visit.
Great food. I ate in Jan 3 with my two friends. Unfortunately, we don't have to eat Liangpi because it sold out when we order.It has a very interesting thing that three Chinese people, my two friends and me, saw American people cooking the Chinese food, and the food that they made are very Xi'an local.
wow, this place is so. so. good. came here after a trip to the MoMa for a snack before real dinner haha.I had no idea it would be this good. that lamb burger was peeerfectly seasoned and the BUN stayed hot FOREVER and had the perfect bite/crunch seared on the outside yet still soft on the inside. the wide flat noodle with lamb and cumin was so, so, so delicious. My one complaint is that theyre running on the pricier side (although i'd be more than willing to pay that price for this food). they've got plenty of other options but i really don't think i would ever order anything else.
Love this place for some spicy noodles and dumplings. Plenty of vegetarian options. Glad there isn't one close to where I live/work, otherwise I'd be here all the time.
The food was good, but the service was quite terrible. I had waited for my order for almost half hour meanwhile other people who took the order number behind me picked up their food. I asked them and then they just told me there was no A1 for me. Why no one told me after my 30-minutes waiting?!! Update my review on May 26th, 2017.This time I had a good dinner experience. We really enjoyed the food.
Surprisingly, this is my first time in a Xi'an Famous Foods.  Being such an Asian foodie and noodle lover, it is really amazing  I was never able to make it to one until now.  I did try to go to the one in the East Village once but it was mad crowded so I left.  This one on East 54th Street was relatively empty at 4pm.  First off, there were no cold noodles available ("SOLD  OUT" the sign said) so that was a strike.  It's 72 degrees, virtually summer weather and no cold noodles?!  I opted for the oxtail noodles and my bf got the same but in soup.  Added a couple of cold teas and the tab was $30.  Not sure if the pricing in Flushing is the same but this seems a little pricey.  We got our noodles on a styrofoam plate and bowl, 2nd strike.  Thought they enacted a no styrofoam ordinance a couple years ago?  The thick flat noodles had a nice bite and the mild spice had a slight kick.  It was not too greasy and the pieces of oxtail were not too tough, slightly chewy but fell off the bone.  I sat below the framed WSJ article at the counter against the wall that spoke about Anthony Bourdain meeting Jason Wang whose father had a restaurant in Flushing and as luck would have it,  Bourdain taped a show about the food stall which then led Jason to give up the corporate world to help make Xi'an the success it is today.  I understand the hype now.  The noodles were good but not worth the $12+.  Maybe because I'm aware that a comparable bowl in Chinatown is cheaper, I feel a little taken or maybe if there was an extra piece of oxtail instead of the measly 2 that I got, I would feel better about shelling out $13 for lunch served on a small styrofoam plate.  Worth another try but not running back tomorrow.
Too oily for my liking. Tried their lamb bun and it tasted good. But hey, with so much oil what doesn't taste good. I live in the neighborhood, and very unlikely that I'll go back. Oil killed it for me
LIke the other Xi'an, their foods are spicy! It's pretty good but they are lacking - they didn't have any dumplings on their menu! It was a bit disappointing but maybe they'll add it to their menu when time comes.The noodles were okay - as was my pork. I loved it for the spiciness though. Also, the price range was in the upper ranges on the website. The space itself was spacious and clean - a range of stools and side tables. When you step in, you're kind of greeted with a chinese-y area and some small steps. It's cute and kind of different.Maybe next time I crave it and I'm around, I may stop by again!
Oh my noodles. My brother told me this place was a go to when I visited NYC and he was right. Best damn noodles I've had to date. I got the spicy vegatables with noodles (I forgot the official name and number) and they were delicious. The oil and spices they're cooked in is so flavorful and everything is cooked to perfection. As far as the restaurant itself goes, it's a real no frills place, which I liked. You get your plate of noodles and you sit at either of the two counters lining the walls and you eat your noodles in peace. Once you're done you clean up after yourself and go. The atmosphere was very quiet and chill.
Whoa. First, let me say that the food was excellent, fast and a good value.However, the team working there needs to be replaced. I've never seen such poor customer service in my life.It was early, before the lunch crowd arrived and there were only a handful of customers in the restaurant. They were announcing the order numbers over a loudspeaker that was cranked up to "11" and one of the customers who was eating there came to the front to tell them it was so loud that it was startling the customers and hurting their ears. The Xi'an employees basically told him too bad, that they had to be loud to make sure customers heard their order numbers (considering how empty the place was, I don't even think they needed the speakers at this point). The customer went back and sat down - at that point, the Xi'an employees started making fun of the customer/mocking his comments. At that point, a customer standing next to me confronted them for making fun of the other customer and told them that it was in fact extremely loud. Now the Xi'an folks started pushing back on this customer in a shockingly rude and hostile manner. I couldn't believe it.They said if we don't like to be yelled at, we should talk to the manager.So - manager of of Xi'an Famous Foods on West 54th - my advice is to fire your entire staff and start with a new team. Your restaurant is too good to have it ruined by poor employees.
Food is pretty good. Their basic spice level is a bit too spicy for me but if you love spicy foods, this is your spot. I tried the spicy cumin lamb noodles and they were delicious but a little too spicy for me to finish :( Nonetheless, the flavor was really good and service was fast so they get a full 4 stars from me :) It's a great spot to hit up after museuming at the MoMA
I have tried 4 dishes so far:beef and noodles which I liked a lot, Spinach dumplings in soup without spice which were boring (other herbs/spices would have been nice besides just Hot spice to make it flavorful), and the Mt. Qi vegetable noodle soup which I ordered mild spice which besides the spice was pretty boring; the mild spice definitely helped it though. I ordered the lamb and noodle which was quite good. I guess this is fast food so some dishes are just not going to be that interesting; some way better than others. But the Noise level in the place was horrible. The Rap Music they were playing was way too loud. I could not stay to eat my meal and each time had to take it back to the office which sort of defeats the idea of a break. This is very close to my job, but because of the loud music in particular I won't be visiting as often.The wait was short and the food was prepared pretty quickly.
As a vegetarian, I didn't have too many options. I got the spicy and sour spinach dumplings for $9. Definitely not worth it. The dumplings were good but I've had much better dumplings in the city for half the price. Not going back.
Its 7:18p and I've been waiting 20 minutes for my order, I thought the fast in fast casual meant I would get my order quickly... I generally love the food here but I don't think it should take this long.
Amazing food. Heard about the spicy cumin lamb noodles online and had to try them as soon as we stepped off the plane. Outstanding. I'll probably be back before my trip is over!
Great place, Great Food, Great Prices......The Pork here should be a bucket list item for everyone. The pork sandwich is only $4 and is the things dreams are made of.......
Little resturaunt across the street from MOMA...what a gem...food was outstanding...but be warned it has a spicey kick to it..but man was it tasty...we ordered a noodle dish an some sort of noodle soup....both outstanding ...then i ordered a rice cake desert thing...ha...that was a good way to finish off lunch...my only complaint is that a restaurant similar to this would be q great fit back home....definetly stop if you get a chance
Recommend:N8 - Spicy Hot Oil Seared Hand-Ripped NoodlesPros:Fast service, and delicious, delicious noodles. The wife and I like to try them in two very different ways; I get them mild, and she gets them at max spiciness. At both levels we love 'em! The noodles absorb the flavor, and are soft and tasty in their own right.The price is decent, too! Get the hawberry and chrysanthemum teas, too.Cons:The seating is limited, so you have to be watchful like a hawk.Additionally, be wary the spice pots on the tables. My wife used them a couple times to add on more spice to the maximum spice(!) and she'd feel a little under the weather afterwards. I think the cleanliness of those pots are suspect. A minor, easily avoidable blemish on a great restaurant.
It's great.  Less one star for crowds, no space - but that's the price of success because, lemme tell ya, this place is popular...1st - if you can just handle spice, order with spice on side; if you can handle hot - order normal (spicy); if you are crazy - go for it; know we are talking megawatt hot here...Summer - cold pulled noodle are great, quick and only $7; Winter - the Qi Mountain veggies with soup amazing...  Ox also worth every penny...!
Was there last night, order B1 ,but there is almost no pork in it, but all fat，order another B1 told them don't just put all fat meat, suprisingly still get fat, I think it's fat pork skin!!!!!
Now my fav location for Xian famous food - quite a bit larger than the Chinatown ones, conveniently located in midtown, and the food just as good as the Chinatown locations. (Can't say the same for all locations)Only down side is that it gets quite cold in winter and you feel a strong breeze throughout the entire seating area every time someone opens the door. I can deal with wearing a coat while dining, but my food got cold quickly (not a super fast water here). Wish they do something to block the wind.
Overall experience is semi-pleasant. Here's whyPros:1. I liked the food. Never had Xi'an food before and was surprisingly pleased with the taste. I ordered NS1 and the noodles are similar to lasagna noodles in width, minus the frilly edges. 2. Service was relatively fast. By service, I meant the time it took between my order going through and when I went to pick up the food. Since there is no waiter/waitress at the place you pick up your own food when your number is called. Cons:1. I went in yesterday after work, around 5:30 pm, so the weather outside was about 60 degrees. Inside the restaurant, there was no AC. Now I know 60 degrees is not hot but the place had their doors closed and with no air flow, the air inside felt a bit stagnant. Also, the lighting was a bit low. It felt like you are going into a cellar minus the humidity and add on the smell of food.Would I go back? Yea I wanted to try out the other stuff on the menu. Probably won't sit in the restaurant and eat it but the food was not bad.
For a while the Mrs. had been raving about Xi'an, but I'd never had the chance to go. Was in Midtown with my uncle and he suggested we grab lunch at Xian's location near MOMA. Glad we did; the food was fantastic! Got the noodles with tofu with mild medium spice, which was still a hefty kick to the kisser. The portion was a nice and even though I wish there'd been more, I feel that way whenever I have something I love, and not because the restaurant was stingy. Looking forward to trying other dishes at their CTown location.
It is so hard for me to find authentic authentic Chinese really really really spicyyyy noodles in San Francisco or Florida. One of reasons I love New York so much is you can always find any restaurant anytime you want to satisfy your stomach or certain taste. After MOMA, there is Xi'an food restaurant  cross the street. Isn't that exciting for a Chinese like me who is crazy on the spicy food like fried spicy noodles and spicy noodle soup. I tell the staff I need extremelyyy  spicyyy. My god, they make my day!!! What a wonderful combination artsy and spicy in the same neighborhood. I am not a fan of their pork Burger, which is too oily for me. But any style of spicy noodles, gosh, I love them all! Thanks for the owner bringing such a great Chinese Xi'an food to New York!
No soup in Lamb Pao Mo and too much vermicelli I would give zero star if yelp allows me
I went for lunch and bought the hot vegetarian liang p noodles. Ambience: - Lot of people - Clean and ample space but can during peak hours it can still get packed Pros: - Great price- The food tasted really good - Lot of seats - Can see how the food is cookedCons: - Hard to find the restaurant because they moved and Google Maps shows the wrong location- Crowded - Too much oil in the food
This might be my last time coming here, food are getting more expansive but taste is not as good aim the past. The computer was down and the worker just slap the table and scare every customer  in the store. Cleaning the trash can in the way like this is your worst day. I don't feel comfortable eating anymore and bye.
Xi'an is one of those New York classics. If you enjoy spicy Chinese food and want authentic dishes, this is the place to go! They didn't have the spicy cumin lamb noodles at this location but the beef noodles are pretty darn good. Extremely long hand-cut noodles that are spicy and springy! Came here around lunch time and there was a long line. Definitely come before 12PM or after 2 PM to beat the line. The concubine chicken was also quite good! In terms of food, the other midtown location has better food but is significantly smaller. Portions also seem to be a tad smaller.Ambiance isn't worth mentioning but it's a clean restaurant. The lighting isn't fantastic.
I was beyond surprised with how this place turned out. I took the non spicy noodles which were well cooked and flavorful but my friends spicy noodle dish was amazing .. better than mine! Worth a try even for a person like me who rarely eats Chinese food!
I've always been a huge fan of Xi'an famous foods. I been there since their little shop in Flushing and Chinatown to now a stores all over. It's very exciting that they opened up a shop  near my work place. Its the perfect place to get food during a cold rainy day or a winter day. I mostly get it when I crave it which is pretty often. The flavors never disappoint! Depending on the line, it's usually pretty quick. The order that I usually get is NS1 or lamb noodle soup and it is delicious. I prefer the noodle soups since the noodles can get a bit oily but with the soup the just brings a comforting warmth. You can adjust your spice level so its always great knowing that I can adjust it to my liking. The depth of flavor is always spot on regardless of the location which is great since you always know what you will get.If you like a refreshing drink on the side i suggest the jasmine tea they have. If you are not use to their wait staff format then it might be strange at first but the concept is fantastic. I've taken some of my friends here, especially ones that love spicy food and they have all love it ! So i highly recommend to try.
I love this place. Great food and you can always tell the staff is working as hard as possible to get you your food. Gets REALLY busy right at 12:15 so I recommend going a little before or after
I truly believe there are less rules and regulations in prison than ordering take out from XFF. I just wanted to order food and enjoy it in the comfort of my own home but all I was told was "no-this is our ceo's policy" and "no-the kitchen goes by the book". For a second I thought I was talking to a robot. Yes, the liangpi cold skin noodles are good but not mind blowing enough for me to put up with their consistent terrible customer service (this location and the one in Chinatown).
by far my fav location for xff. it's huge and probably the only reason why I would want to go to the moma across the street.There's nothing else to say about this location if you're already familiar with the mini chain.  The food is pretty standard and consistent with the other locations.Also if you order your food extra spicy, don't be surprised if you get more oil in your dish.  The chili oil is where the spice is coming from.  Just lift up the noodles and let the oil drip off.
This is another favorite stop when in NY.  We have tried 2 of their places (Upper West Side and East Village) and found them equally consistent.  The Lamb Spicy noodles will have your mouth ablaze.  You can ask them to tone down the dish.  The flavors are wonderful. The only issue is their establishments are small in size and the word has gotten out about the quality of their food.  You may have to wait to find seating or take your order home.  We have always found seating.  Quick service, moderate prices.  Typically a young mixed and mostly Asian crowd.
Food is good but it's sooooo expensive compared to the one in Flushing. I guess that's what you get. Yes, I suggest any tourist come here bc it's good NYC food and the money is local. I'm good in Queens though.
The food here was delicious. Definitely recommend eating the food there opposed to taking it Togo. I had the lamb burger and the ox tail noodle soup and the spicy lamb cumin noodles in soup. Everything was delicious. I love how you can get your food in various levels of spiciness. Surprisingly no long wait and no long lines. Definitely a place you need to stop by when visiting NYC.
Before my discovery of Xi'an famous foods I briefly contemplated buying semi annual plane tickets for my aunt from Xian to fly in and make me lamb Pao Mo. Good thing for me, my wallet, and my quickly growing pot belly (no thanks to Barrys Bootcamp) Xian famous foods knocked that idea way back to Cathay. I can almost feel the earthy terracotta clay sprinkled in my cold noodle. Highly recommended.
The food tastes very authentic. Very very very flavorful. In my opinion, it's just not my taste and it's a bit too overwhelming (too much soy sauce and vinegar). However, I would definitely give it a shot. But one thing i think everyone can appreciate is they're freaking sandwich burgers.Omg both of their burgers are A+ MUST TRY. Very tender, flavorful, and savory.  those burgers are a 5/5 but the rest of the menu to me is a 3/5
So happy they opened one a block and a half away from my work. I previously schlepped it all the way to 45th, which was a lot of work for lunch, but totally worth it. I've been here three times now, with the longest wait coming on the most recent visit. The first 2 times were okay, definitely shorter than the 45th location. My go to order: N2 or Ns2, spicy/tingly beef noodle (with or without soup). The flavors, ingredients, etc- cannot get enough of it. Just a good, solid, go-to meal. My only complaint about this location is the level of spicy is def WAY lower than the one on 45th. I got extra spicy the last 2 times, and still was not all that spicy. I would get just regular spicy from 45th and that would make me work up a sweat. I'll also add that I got the stewed pork noodle with soup last time, and everything was good except the pork. it was stringy and dry. Not sure if its supposed to be like that. But overall, this place is great and I could not be happier that this is just a stone's throw away from work. I'll update the review as needed.
My friends and I were craving Chinese old after work and so we decided to go to this place to see what the hype was up. When we got there around 7 it was really empty so the wait was really short. I ordered the spicy beef noodles. It was really good - the right amount of spicy and tangy and the thick noodles were really soft and chewy. The only downside was the price - while it filled me up it was a bit on the pricy side. All in all, I would go again if I crave noodles but not too often.
I came here for lunch today. It was a bit gloomy and rainy outside and it calls for some comfort food! What is more comforting on a rainy day than some hand pulled noodle soup?! My brother and I came around 12:30 and the seating area was all full, but the line still short. Getting a seat here is like playing musical chairs, though. We ordered two Ns10 which is the oxtail noodle soup and the spicy cumin lamb burger. The noodle soup was pretty pricey (It was $10+) and looks pretty small so we decided to get the lamb burger - which was more like a lamb bun. The total came to almost $30. Nevertheless, the quality of the food was very good. My brother and I very much enjoyed the noodle, oxtail & the soup. It was a great combination and very hearty. The spicy lamb burger was ok to me, but my brother really enjoyed it. Overall a 3.5 - 4 star experience. The food was great, but the portions are small for what you are paying.
Adding another star because the staff was extremely apologetic about the hair in my food. Good customer service saved what would be an otherwise disappointing experience
So crowded at lunch.  Very disorganized.  I ordered dumpling and noodle soup.  My number were never called nor on the monitor.  I went up to the counter, they said they called few times.  Then they finally gave me my order which were missing 2 items.  Also you might mess up your nice work clothes with this meal.  Everything is oily and most items are spicy.
So glad they opened up a Xi'an near my office.  Got lunch here 3 consecutive days in a row, so that means it's good, right?Lines get dangerously long at noon (30 min wait at least).  Best time to get here to avoid them is before 11:45am.  Yes, my coworkers and I have been here at 11 when it opens.  We were the first patrons of the day today - Receipt numbers 1, 2, and 3 for the win!Food is consistently good.  I've been to the Chinatown location plenty of times, and the taste & quality at 54th Street is the same.  I'm glad they haven't toned down any spices to cater to a more "western" palette.  I've ordered:1. B1 Stewed Pork BurgerJuicy and filling.  Better than the spicy cumin lamb burger (I just prefer pork over lamb).  The pork juices absorb into the white bun, making it so much tastier.  Cause who doesn't love a little fat & oil?!?!2. B2 Spicy Cumin Lamb BurgerOrder the stewed pork burger if you're debating between the two.  The lamb is good, but because it's drier than the pork, the bun doesn't soak up the flavor as much.3. N1 Spicy Cumin Lamb NoodlesThe lamb is much tastier in the noodles than it is in the burger.  Noodles are chewy.  Spiciness isn't as high as N2.4. N2 Spicy & Tingly Beef NoodlesHands down the MVP.  It's really hard to order anything else because I love N2 so much.  It's spicy & tingly as the name suggests (it's funny that it's trademarked - keep an eye out for the menu next time).  The beef comes in large chunks, and they are juicy and tender.  Noodles are chewy.  I have a good tolerance for spicy food (I can handle Korean food medium spice levels) - I'd say this is similar.  You'll definitely need to drink water.  It will clear your sinuses.  Highly recommend.5. Ns2 Spicy & Tingly Beef Noodles in Soup Tried this today, and it's also delicious.  Still spicy & tingly, but it's subdued in comparison to N2 due to the soup.  Perfect for a chilly day to warm you up.  Noodles are slurpy versus chewy.6. L1 Tiger Vegetable SaladDon't order this if you don't like cilantro.  I love it.  It's really refreshing and light.  Compliments any of the noodles dishes well.  Actually feels like you're eating vegetables.7. L2 Spicy Asian Cucumber SaladThis is really good.  The cucumbers have a nice crunch and soak up the oil & spices well.  Refreshing and you'll get a kick.Location has about 20 stools for seating along the left & right sides, and it also has a bathroom.  (Bathroom code is at the bottom of the receipt).  There are hooks underneath the countertops to hang your bags/coats.Probably going back tomorrow.10/5/16 UPDATEWhy doesn't the garbage go straight down the chute anymore?  It was really easy for people to throw out their trash.  I was done eating around 12:30PM today, and there were trays, leftover food, and used utensils overflowing because the garbage bins were full.  This place was opened for 1.5 hrs, and it was already a mess.  Bring back the chutes!!!7/8/17 UPDATEThey renovated the place a couple weeks ago and it looks great.  A few months back, they raised the prices which was a bit unfortunate - I get it though (rent in midtown is $$$), but unfortunate nonetheless.  I don't know if prices have gone up at other locations as well, or if it was just here.  I also don't know if pricing is the same across all stores.  They also started serving dumplings which are very good.  The dumplings have a thick skin (which I prefer) since the meat's juices hold better inside it.
This is what midtown Manhattan has needed! An authentic Chinese restaurant that caters to both native Chinese and all others. It's sanitary enough (at least) form the dining area to be different from a Chinese restaurants on Canal street but with the food quality as high as Chinatown restaurants. I had the beef noodle soup which was priced at $10, and it was on a scale to 1-10, a solid 8.5. Would go back again.
Same quality as their other locations. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because the lines are out of this world. Two lines you have to wait in. Get here early.
Delicious and authentic Chinese food. I visit them regularly and glad to see they open this one near my place. I especially love their spicy beef noodle in soup! The beef is so tender and flavorful. Soup is spicy and a little bit sour, making it more delicious. I just hope they can add more new dishes to their menu and maybe add more portion to the dish. Love Xi an famous food!
Accidentally ordered the Mt. Qi Pork Noodles (meant to order the veggie) but they were AMAZING. Would definitely order again or try one of the other noodle dishes! Very quick service and plenty of available seating during lunchtime.
I enjoyed everything that we ordered: chrysanthemum and jasmine tea, the spicy tingly beef and the spicy cumin lamb noodles. The mild spice level is just right for me since it still left my lips a little numb. For those that can handle spice, the mild might not be spicy enough. It was my first time visiting Xi'an Famous Foods so not sure what their usual meat to noodle ratio is. A little skimpy for me but maybe give options to add more?
Great food at a great price.  Small with limited counter space for dining, but well worth the stop and your consideration.  Not a sit down restaurant, you order at the counter and wait for your number to be called for pickup then find an open spot to sit.  Non chili heads beware if you order regular spicy it will be to hot for you.  I had the Stewed Oxtail Hand Ripped Noodles in soup (Ns10), the broth was very flavorful and the noodle texture was excellent.  My daughter ordered the Mounr Qi Vegetable Hand Ripped Noodles (N5), it was a very generous serving and well seasoned from the kitchen.  Reasonably priced for NYC two waters and two entrees was around 26 dollars
The food was spicy and tasty but there was very little chicken on the bones. they Refused to give me a glass of water
First time here. The tiger salad is way too salty! But the noodles and tofu dishes are good.
My main issue with this place is it is really overpriced for what it is. The noodles come with barely any toppings or proteins, it's just cheap. Yes, the spicy oil/sauce is tasty but when you're ordering beef or pork noodles, it would be nice to actually get some of the proteins. Finally, as another example of the greediness of the management, this has got to be one of the few places in Manhattan that doesn't serve tap water. Hand pulled fresh noodles might have been a novel concept in the past, but these days there are plenty of better alternatives in Manhattan including The Tang or Chong Qing Xiao Mian on 9th.
Great restaurant! I love the A1 and B1 comb with coke! One thing is it is closed at 8:30pm, too early!
Tasty!! I can't believe I can eat real Xi'an food in NY ! And the price is reasonable, so the service is good. :)
I don't think I've ever tasted food like this before. It's so unique and super flavorful. The hand pulled noodles are amazing. Get the spicy cumin lamb noodles! The space is also so much more spacious than other locations - plenty of counter seating space.
Get: Chrysanthemum tea (decaf, some sugar) was light and refreshing. Oxtail noodles (not in soup) were tasty. I got it mildly spicy. The oxtail pieces (you get 2) were very tender and gelatinous (uh yummmmm). The noodles were unevenly cooked, but I ate most of it anyway. Worth it!!!Don't get: Cold sticky rice with honey was hard and bland. No good, but it was just $3.Maybe: The spicy tofu soup was pretty good, kind of like soondubu with more stank and "oomph."
My first visit at the Manhattan location, place is spacious, food is the same from other location, Bianca noodles is good
I know I can always count on a generous portion of noodles and great taste to satisfy my hunger, whether it be for lunch or dinner. I usually order N1, and this time there was barely a line so I waited about 5-7 minutes to get my food to go. The bonus free tea for filling out the online survey while you're there is also nice; only thing is you'll have to wait a day before you can get your link for the tea. Planning to return soon.
I had it when the chain just started. I loved it a lot. Then I moved back to Asia and came to NY for a short visit. I had it again yesterday. It changed so much and became very bad and very greasy. I had a digestion problem after eating that and I even threw up. Very disappointed. Just a friendly reminder- watch out for the cooking oil they use.
Jason, please take note. Your food is delicious and the fact that there's a 15min consumption window is great. Ordered the spicy lamb in soup as always. I always enjoy the food I get from any of the locations. What ruined it all for me was the customer service. I used to go to the 34th St location but wanted to try the newest location. The new location has terrible customer service. Don't get me wrong, the 34th St location did too (but I would ignore it for the sake of the quality food). But there's a limit. Xi'an's can be national, potentially even bigger than Panda Express but the expansion phase of the company's growth requires the same patience and willingness to be attentive to all customers that won my heart in the first place. I get how it's hard to please everyone but there should be an attempt.
I dream about these things when I'm not in NYC.  I want them to spread down to Philadelphia, or I might have to move to a city I don't particularly like that much just so I can eat these more often.  Can't think of a better way to express my degree of feverish fandom.
This is a review for all the locations rather than this specific one. Xi'an used to be my favorite place as the 5 star reviews from my other yelp account can attest. I would go about 2-3 a week to various Xi'an's, probably spending $1500-$2000 there a year. Worth every penny because the food was good and inexpensive. Sure, the accommodations were awful (they didn't supply water like the shake shacks/chipotle of the world so they can make some extra coin, you had to sit on uncomfortable stools facing a wall, etc) but where else could you get such quality food for a cheap price?Fast forward some years: The prices are massively expensive now. The pretense is that the money is to give workers a living wage, which is nice and all but there's no value here at all anymore. It is just reaaally expensive for what you get. I just feel ripped off every time I come here. On top of that, consistency is shot out the window also. Some of the orders just don't taste the same as others. This has happened more than once so it's clearly not a one-time problem. Oh, and those uncomfortable accommodations? As uncomfortable as ever.  The stools are as bad as ever while I'm still staring at a wall, sipping the water I had to pay for. Anyway, I'm out. Spending my two grand a year elsewhere, hopefully at places I am comfortable and obtain value for my money. Peace out Xi'an!UPDATE: In response to the comments below from the owner, the most recent round of price increases may have been 15% but overall prices have risen by 40% in 2.5 years. Also, note there was no comment about the poor accomodations, lack of tap water, product inconsistency, etc. Why comment about that when you can instead parade around on your high horse?
Waited for almost 30 minutes for the pork bun. Asked twice and the employees in the kitchen are so rude and no one seems to help. They even pretend they don't hear I am talking to them.
Great noodles - be warned - even the mild noodles are spicy!!!  But good food, very affordable!!!
Came with a co-worker for lunch at around 11:30 AM knowing that the place may get packed. Upon entering, was surprised as to how clean it looked, white tiles and very "open" floor plan looking.I ordered the Spicy (N6?) zha zhang Noodles, which was good but nothing to rave about. Spicy, flavorful and a good amount of food. I also ordered the Cumin Lamb Burger, again, not too spicy, full of flavor but a lack luster bun. The bun was like a dense English muffin, not my cup of tea. Entire meal cost me about $17 and some change.Would definitely like to try other dishes on the menu. Maybe try a noodle soup?
born to and raised by Chinese parents, I can attest that when I think of authentic Chinese food it is something like this. it's fast, the space is limited, and it smells like spices and meat. I had a cumin lamb "burger" (honestly no need to westernize, but that's what they called it) and a spicy tofu, both of which were delicious, if perhaps a little small. will be back for more before too long, I'm sure.
I like the hand pulled noodles and the lamb dumplings. That being said, the broths are just too oily. I realize that's part of the style of the food with all of the heavy spices. I just couldn't eat this food more than once or twice in a year  ... which is a shame because I really enjoy the noodles and dumplings.
Not the authentic north western style Bao you expect. Other Sichuan food is fine though
One of my favorite lunch spots in NYC.  I love the spicy and tingly beef and the lamb.   It's not the most comfortable place to sit but it's so worth it for the food.  Go there around noon otherwise it gets really packed.  What else can I say - I'm addicted!
This place was a hit! I dont remember the name of the soup I tried, but it was amazingly flavorful with a bearable heat that I could not get enough of. If you're a foodie like me, this is a place you must try at LEAST once. It contains a lot of fatty oil, but if its your cheat day..GO FOR IT.
I had the spicy beef soup. The noodles were good and fresh but the broth was a little faded, there was no strong taste, I had to add salt and vinegar because the ensemble was a bit bland. I found the meat to have too many chunks of fat in it to fully enjoy. Good chewy texture for the noodles. Add more flavor to the soup broths. Good music, clean ambiance and decor was a plus. Cheap water bottles for the spicy dishes was a pleasant surprise after the no tap water disappointment.
Spicy & tingly beef and stewed oxtail noodles are favorites of mine.  The noodles here are absolutely perfect!
The two African American guys dont know what they are doing. They keep telling me I dont know I dont know hahah I dont know where is your food. That burger is not yours. I waited for 30 mins just wait for a burger...And I got a same burger I talked about.
I absolutely LOVE Xi'an but honestly the one in Flushing doesn't compare to any of their other locations. I ordered the oxtail noodle soup and was surprised when my noodles were bland, doughy and super thick unlike their Flushing location. Broth was just OK. I'll stick with their original Flushing shop next time.
This restaurant is delicious and definitely authentic (according to my fiancé who is from Beijing and loves Xi'an style cooking). I recommend going for spicy if that's your thing. Also, make sure you eat the noodles while they are still fresh for the best flavor/effect.
I wouldn't ordinarily want to eat here, but my wife suggested we do. The Concubines Chicken was amazingly delicious, as was the Spicy Cucumber Salad. Lots of flavor and texture. And for NYC, an amazing value for a place to sit that is posh.
This is a very authentic Chinese restaurant with good price and good quality of food. The taste of cumin lamb is really good!
Loved this handmade noodle. All the dishes are delicious.  Can you handle spicy food?
Don't  understand the lovefest.  $12 for small plate of almost entirely noodles and a couple of really small pieces of lamb.  Other than being drowned in chili oil no other flavor.  Busy nonetheless.  Don't think I will be back.
Inconsistent quality. I work nearby and sometimes eat lunch here. When prepared properly it's delicious, but occasionally the noodles are oversalted, way too spicy (as if i ordered to max spice level) and too oily. Not sure if the staff keeps changing and they need to be retrained or what the issue is but would be a 5 star lunch place if they were consistent.Btw, I've eaten many times at other locations and this one seemed to be the most hit and miss.
Update: Came again for lunch today again with the same group of people and was in and out in about 15 minutes.
The service was really fast, and the hand-pulled noodles were fresh and delicious. I got the regular spicy, and it wasn't too spicy at all! I'll definitely try the cold noodles next time.
What a delight this find is. I fear it is becoming to popular and too crowded. But they are not afraid to make spicy dishes spicy. You may not have heard of some of the dishes but try them anyway. Surprise yourself.
This place is delicious! The stewed pork burger is awesome. The buns are so unique. The wide noodles are a little hard to eat but still great!
Great spot for a quick bite before going to the Moma! No frills place but hit the spot!
This place is fantastic.We spotted this place while parking nearby (had a show later at Radio City). We both did the spicy hot oil seared noodles (N8) and they were superb - best I've ever had. We also split the wonderful cilantro salad. This location is a vaguely sit down on stools at small bar rail/tables along the walls so it's not fancy, but the food is so good it doesn't matter. Great place and we'll be back...
My wife and I love this place.  The food is delicious, authentic (she is Chinese), and always made fresh.  We come all the time and simply cannot recommend it more highly.
Updating my old review below: the owner reached out, so I appreciate that they are responsive and care. I gave it another try last week. It was good and the first time in three visits that they didn't mess up my order. Adding back a star.  ***********Used to love this place when I started going to the Chinatown location, but it's lost a step, as they've gone Frank Gehry and over-franchised their once unique idea. While the mix of flavors is excellent (cumin and cilantro figure prominently), the amount of lamb included in my standard order (NS1) has declined every year. It's still good, but Xian is like a has-been club: the spectacle of people waiting in unbelievably long lines for something not quite worth waiting for.
Like the noodles and the sour hawberry tea! Had the veggie noodles and my boyfriend got the pork one, and said it was a little spicy, but deliciously to the very noodle core itself. Rarely does one find such a restaurant that looks ordinary from the outside, but tastes extraordinary from the inside. Would go again. 4 out of 5.
I had the mount qui vegetable noodle soup. It wasn't bad, but contained too much oil and seemed a bit over priced at $11.40 (after tax). Overall it wasn't a bad experience but I probably won't be coming back.
The cold noodles are so good and so cheap that I usually buy two orders since I know I'll want it for lunch and dinner.
Omg ,I'm very happy ,I can order from my work place,it's very delicious Chinese food,my favorite!I love it!Everyone have to come to try!
Outstanding noodle shop. Flavors were intense and complex. Very friendly staff and plenty of seating. Was a great adventure for kids.
Love the noodle dishes here! Perfect texture and wonderful chili sauce. My go to is the spicy and tingly beef hand-ripped noodles. Great balanced mala flavor.
The spicy cucumber was very delicious! But the spicy noodle was too spicy. Make sure you ask for mild if you don't like spicy stuffs.
I ordered the pork Mount Qi noodles with regular spicyness. It was pretty delicious with just the right amount of heat. Could have used some more pork pieces but I guess the noodles are the focus of the dish. I would go back again to try some of the other dishes. There's nothing in the midtown area that serves this type of food so I am glad there's one near my work.
I like the food here, and frequent the UWS location often. However, this spot makes you buy WATER. This is not just a take out spot -- you can sit down and eat -- and I found it extremely annoying they wouldn't so much as provide tap water (esp when the food is so spicy!)
If you like authentic spicy Chinese noodle, this is the place you should visit.   There are many different varieties of dishes you can choose from.  You can also select the level of spiciness. The noodle tastes like handmade.  The cashier is very nice and friendly.  The wait line is long if you go during lunch hour. I will go back to Xi'An famous food MoMA.
My BF and I got food poisoning on January 20th after eating the pulled noodles with pork. Still not fully recovered after Day 2. While shifting through the reviews, I noticed there was ANOTHER food poisoning with the same dish reported on December 9. Yikes... I ate at the Brooklyn location a couple of years ago (no food poisoning then luckily) but we will definitely not be going to any of the locations again! BEST TO AVOID!
If you're craving Xi'anese food and you're not in China, then this is the best place. It's a fast food type of locale and definitely need to eat here to get the best out of your meal. Like other reviewers mention, eating it as take away will not do it justice and it'll end up tasting bad.
The food was pretty good, nothing special.Only 3 stars because the  cashier was very nervous and rude!
Great food. I ordered the Ns2 - spicy & tingly beef hand ripped noodles and it was delicious. Highly recommend!
