Friday, I was denied eating in the outside patio because I had my 5 pound Yorkie with me. Today, I ordered for pickup and was only given 2 Aloo Gobi Samosa instead of the 3 you get when you eat there ($5.95). No utensils or napkins were given either. I called and he said that the 3rd one is complimentary when you eat there. Well I was denied because I have my dog. I will never patronize this business again in person, for take out or delivery. Rude and expensive.
So I have only ordered from here once and that was for takeout. I always see a good handful of people at this establishment so I assumed it would be alright. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi to be on the safe side. First off, they are packaged in this tiny plastic cup container and were not filled to the brim. That was disappointing considering the prices, they're quite pricey considering the measley amount you receive. Now the actual dishes, hmm, they're not good? I'm not saying that they're so terrible it would be a crime but something is off with flavors of both dishes. Maybe their dishes are influenced from a specific region in India that I'm not used to? It was my first order from them and I will give them another chance and order more than just two dishes to really get a fuller picture. But for now, three is what they get. Oh and shout out to the worker who gave me my order, really nice employee  working there (or maybe he was the manager? Not too sure).
Had chicken korma and it was fabulous! The sauce was amazing! The dinner doesn't come with anything else though, veggies or sides, besides a bowl of rice so it is literally cubes of chicken in sauce with rice, just so you know what you are getting. We did end up asking for another bowl of rice as well. Would have been great to have had some vegetables served with it to round out the meal. We ordered garlic naan based on the great reviews and received regular naan.Husband had lamb vindaloo with a bowl of rice. Bill came to $40 for the two of us. Great tasty sauces but too expensive for so much rice and bread and a smaller bowl of korma. Probably won't go back.
The food is"OK" but nothing special, particularly considering that there are better options in the area.  My larger concern is that this restaurant's strategy for competing profitably is to lower the meat content of their dishes significantly.  I've seen this in one or two local Chinese restaurants as well.
Very expensive Indian food and small portions to boot. I ordered take out for Easter Sunday lunch and the gentleman that took the order was pleasant and the food was ready ahead of schedule. I ordered apps and three main dishes ($60) but that was barely enough to feed 3 people - there were no left overs. I've eaten Indian food many places from Jackson Heights, Bellerose, NYC and even though the food and restaurant is clean/decent, the cost and portion size leaves a lot to be desired.
This is completely non Indian food does not have taste of Indian food, very very bad taste waste of money,  I gave a chance to this place after seeing all these 5 star reviews in YeLp it seems like owners or their family put there reviews by there self and try to rate the place as 5star,They don't know even what is called chicken Biryani omg never going back, such a crap!!
Ordered for pickup and food was ready in estimated time given. I ordered the lamb tikka masala and the sauce itself had great flavor, but the lamb was a bit on the tougher side than expected. Regardless, still great flavor and the fact this place is byob makes it a perfect place to have a dinner when catching up with friends.
I admit. I was skeptical. Whi doesn't know a friend that got food poisoning from "the new indian place"? I am here to say, I was wrong. The food: awesome. The delivery: 30 minsI dig it. Everything was fresh and tasty. I loved it.
First off, this location is really jinxed. So many restaurants have come and quickly gone.Second: The interior design is terrible, booth seating in a row. An empty bar taking up precious room for almost the length of the place. Third: TVs galore, hanging above your head and one of them blaring the worst set of Bollywood songs ever.We had eaten a few appetizers outside when they had newly opened and it was meh-ish OK. So we decided to give it another try. Hariyali chicken came in a green coriander sauce, the meat was under-cooked, lamb tawa was just about Ok, the black pepper chicken is heavy on the spices, the dal bukhara mediocre.Service was a bit too concerned about how we were liking the food. I'm not allowed to be honest at restaurants so I had to say fine fine fine fine about  a hundred times. Meh!
A nice Indian spot with ok food. Tandoori chicken was decent, if a little bland. Tikka Masala was very different from what I ate before, too sweet. (Never been to India, so can't say it is right or wrong, just different). The service was good. Overall a nice undemanding place, a bit overpriced for small portions, but then if I wanted a lot of food I'd go to the diner. It is a cosy quiet place to have a casual meal. It would be great though if they got rid of the TV - that thing hangs above the entire restaurant running some endless music on the loop and spoiling the ambiance...
Chicken biryani was mediocre at best. Bland food. Samosa chaat was ok. Chicken vindaloo was disgusting. Tasted like spicy tomato paste, nothing like what it should taste like! If you're not accustomed to Indian cuisine and want to explore a more toned down version, this place is probably right up your alley.  Overall wasn't awful, but lower end of the middle of the road as far as authenticity goes and not up my alley.
My girlfriend and I checked into Tikka Indian Grill at around 5:30 PM, and luckily for us we got the best seating (Table 2, do it.). The waiters are extremely kind, however the service was a tad slow, and we were not told that they ran out of brown rice. Thusly, the rosemary naan was baked in-house, and the shrimp and chicken appetizers are a must. The main course was also extremely beautiful and well prepared. The vindaloo was not as spicy as traditional vindaloo, alas, it was still delicious. The pumpkin vegan dish that we also had was a great combination of sweet and spicy as well.
Ok so the food was really tasty. Served hot on time. Everything was going good till I found a hair in my tandoori roti!And hygiene is a big issue...so decide for yourself.
Amazing food and service. We've been waiting for another solid restaurant in this neighborhood and I'm so happy that we've finally got one. Try the Saag Paneer, garlic naan, bigain barta, or lamb vindaloo. I really haven't had anything bad here. It's BYOB too which is a major plus and the side yard is really nice.
Awesome food and a wonderfully friendly staff! I'm soooo glad that this place opened. PLUS...drumroll please...they offer a 10% discount to airline employees!  This is a BYOB establishment and they even have beer mugs and wine glasses to accommodate your beverage of choice. I will be back here on a bi-weekly basis.
Delivery: guy on the phone and driver were super nice and polite. Not their fault. Food: vegetable tikka masala. Not edible. Looked like yellow mush mixed with grease. Usually pinkish no? And where were the vegetables? Owners need to see how the food is leaving the kitchen. $25 in the garbage.
My boyfriend and I order from Tikka Grill at least once every other week. We keep having the same issue but we keep giving them a chance. We order the same dish which include the Chicken Tikka Masala, extra rice, Lachha Paratha, and last but definitely not least the Aloo Gobi Samosa. In order for us to enjoy this meal we need the side sauces that are included with the order which we don't get. So now we are stuck eating dry Samosas without our favorite sauces. This might sound petty but we always leave a generous tip. I know its not the delivery guy fought. So Whosever packing these bags STOP FORGETTING OUR SAUCES! Its starting to get very annoying.
Had our first meal tonight (we had it delivered) and we are happy! Ordered chicken tikka, lamb curry, raita, samosas and garlic naan! A bit too spicy for my taste (especially the lamb curry) but somehow I would eat it over and over again! Thank god for raita :) We also asked for 2 sides of rice (by the way they have  brown rice also, not just basmati) but you don't have to, rice comes with entrees! Next time we hope to walk in and have the food at the restaurant, since they have outdoor seating a as well! Great addition to the neighborhood! Thumbs up!
This new little gem in the neighborhood is well off to a good start. I am always on the hunt for good neighborhood Indian food so my parents and I decided to give this place a shot. The Lamb Curry was amazing! It was full of flavor and the lamb was very soft. It isn't on the menu but you can order it still. My dad ordered Rogan Josh and my mom ordered the Lamb Vindaloo. We were all very happy with the explosion of flavor from each dish. Beware though, their version of spicy is actually REALLY REALLY  SPICY and that's coming from a Caribbean person born and raised eating spicy foods.
We've ordered from tikka a few times without an issue. Most recently, we received delivery last Thursday. On Friday I came down with a terrible case of food poisoning. Today my husband is in bed - nauseous all day. We will not be ordering from tikka again.
Very delicious food. Great choice of vegetarian and vegan dishes. We loved everything especially the Aloo Gobi Samosa and the Paneer Naan.  Can't wait to order again.
The two times I've eaten at Tikka has been excellent, from the cleanliness, to great foods, and exceptional service. I am actually going to order delivery in a few hours. My roommate is a vegetarian and loves Indian food. She is planning on ordering also. Can't Wait! If you haven't tried it before, you must go. The staff are kind and helpful in advising on what their favorite dishes  and to guiding "newbies" to trying flavors of India. So good!
I ordered late and the food was taking forever and I was so pissed but the driver was extremely apologetic. Then once I tasted the food I forget I was mad, the chicken tikka masala was amazing and the naan was warm and to perfection.
I came into Tikka Indian Grill at 4pm on a Thursday, so I can't speak to the service on a busy night like some have spoken of below. However, my personal experience was excellent. The Chicken Tikka Masala was fantastic, with enough kick to add great flavor without overpowering the dish or making it unpleasant. The dish also comes with a healthy serving of basmati rice. Garlic naan was also very tasty and comes with 4 large pieces which I found reasonable for the price.The 2 servers were friendly and I had no personal complaints on the service. They also offer a 10% discount to all the airline crewmembers in the area which is a big plus.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Everything was spot on!! The food was delicious & service was impeccable. They really go above & beyond to make sure you are taken care of. Our server gave us suggestions on appetizers (which turned out to be amazing) & he even gave us complimentary dessert! All the dishes we had were SO good. Can't wait to go back!
Great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly service and great food. Traditional but with a nice flare. Great sitting outside in the summer, and reliable delivery service in the winter. I order all vegetarian dishes, and they have been consistently great!
I enjoyed the food.  It may seem pricy, but you can tell that they use quality ingredients and do it right.  The food is a good value.  And, quite delicious.  Authentic.  They also package the to-go orders in nice little leak-proof containers.  I shall return!
I ate in and was alone. Fast courteous service and food came quickly. I had onion Naan with the Chennai lamb. This place actually gives you rice with your entree. (I can never understand why most places don't give you rice.). Anyway it was delicious and plentiful. I had enough left to take for lunch the next day. I'll definitely be back.
The food is mediocre, if you know real Indian food you will understand what I mean if you try it, but the worst part was the bad, slow service, and to top things off one of the desserts was off (spoiled) and we told them and returned it, but still got charged for it.Will never go back and would not recommend it to anybody.
Although I give it 3 stars, I was impressed by their food! I ordered takeout and they delivered in time. However, their portions are way too small for what they charge. I agree with another guys post here that their serving size for what they charge is nuts!
The staff is very nice and accommodating. I've eaten inside once. I  have gotten takeout from here a few times and it's never quite consistent. The chicken in the chicken tikka masala,  always seems to be just dry and burnt meat coated with sauce. Just last night my boyfriend and I ordered chicken tikka masala with naan. The sauce was chunky and filled with goops of oil --yuck. The naan was filled with salt. I  really like the staff and I think that the location has the opportunity  to capitalize on being the new, chic Indian restaurant on the block.. but they need to  rethink the way they prepare food. After all, they are a restaurant aren't they ?
I went with a bunch of friends at Tikka Indian Grill on Metropolitan. Very good service and delicious food. We were eleven of us and we all loved their food. Some of us needed to bring back leftovers at home
Just awesome. My 4th time here. Awesome and beautiful staff. Great wonderful food. Naan is perfect every time. Just the best.
Food was OK,nothing really mind blowing here. My real issue is the prices and the portions. The tandori and tikki are really small for the cost and would prohibit me from ordering again. Stick to Jackson heights for the real deal and leave this Williamsburg offspring in the dust....
The best indian restaraunt around. I oredered about 3x and they made the food awesome. And good on time delivery. I ordered for my non-indian friends and they loveddddddd it. It was a success.
Found my order from place here.  I love Chicken Tikka Masala and get it whenever possible...even in Prague! So my dish had quite a few large chunks of chicken in it and the sauce was very tasty.  This one had a lot more onion throughout the sauce and I really like it.  Rice was perfectly cooked.  My SO had a Chicken Briyani and it was tasty but was much too spicy for me.  I really like their cilantro chutney too. Will definitely order from here again and hope they keep up with the quality I had yesterday.
I ordered off grub hub. Order was $40 for 5 small cubes of chicken swimming in the tikka masala sauce, a tiny (TINY) portion of chick peas and two pieces of naan. Holy shit. Expect to be RIPPED OFF. I feel robbed.
This is our family's favorite restaurant in Kew Gardens. It's excellent Indian food: very fresh-tasting, reliable, and reasonably priced. The people who work there are super kind, and they make great recommendations when we order. My kids love the Chicken Tikka Masala, and the breads are especially good. We've ordered delivery several times, and it's always arrived on time and complete.
I've been to the restaurant twice and had a good meal both times. However, tonight we decided to try delivery. Big mistake.We called the restaurant and were told it would take 30-45 mins for the order to arrive. After 55 minutes passed, I called and was quickly told the order was already on its way, without being asked who I was or where the order was headed. 20 minutes later (I live less than 5 mins away), the order still hadn't arrived. I called back and the same employee asked me if I placed the order through Seamless (he was the person who originally took my order, and also the person that I'd spoken to 20 minutes prior who acted like he knew where the order was going). When I told him AGAIN that I placed the order through the restaurant and called 20 minutes before to check on the status, he dismissively barked "I'm trying to help you MY DEAR". Then he put me on hold and proceeded to hang up on me, so I had to call back again. Ugh.When the order finally arrived 1 hour and 20 minutes after I initially placed it, the delivery guy had the wrong receipt and told us that we had already paid for the order by credit card. I believe in karma, so I let him know that I hadn't paid yet, and he had to call the restaurant to figure out what the order total was. The food isn't nearly as good when you order, and the staff isn't nearly as friendly. If you have a craving for Indian food and you live in the neighborhood you will be better off going to the restaurant so you don't have to deal with the bad customer service over the phone and the long wait times to get your food.
Food is great. Service is even better. BYOB makes this a great spot to bring a date or hanging out with friends
Really great food, lovely atmosphere and a nice addition to the neighborhood. The chicken hariyali app, so buttery & fresh. The 3 mains we split were Rogan Josh (lamb), Chana masala (pumpkin) & saag paneer. An order of garlic naan rounded out the meal. My only issue was minor but would love to have had better lighting. The restaurant is very dark. The food looked so good but I would have loved to have seen it in all of its vibrant colors.Will definitely be back to try more. Lunch looked great to.
My new fav place close to home. Warm and friendly staff, we sat outside and the atmosphere is just very pleasant. The food....5 stars. I had the Saag and it was a lot and the best in town. A lot of crew here so it's a nice place to meet new people. Will be sharing this with all my friends.
Great Indian food at very reasonable prices with amazing service. The Chicken Tikka was great.
Food is very flavorful and tasty. There is a deli next door for BYOB. Parking is hard, you have to find something a few blocks away, but worth it.
Nice little place with great food and ambiance. Servers are very friendly and you can often find the owner meeting customers. Great place to indulge in delicious Indian cuisine from different regions of India.
Please get yourself to this fantastic neighborhood spot. The service is friendly and welcoming, and the food. OMG, the food. This time we had the lamb kebabs, onion naan, and chicken tika masala. You can cut the chicken with a spoon, and the spice was lovely. Enough to placate a fire breather like me, but not so much that my non spice eating boyfriend wouldn't share it. Good luck deciding between the onion and the garlic naan. A better idea is to just get both. Also, it's BYOB, so you know you can have your favorite wine or beer ready to cool your palate.
The service is great. Waiters are very attentive and some of the guys are even cute. Food is great and I can not wait for them to have home delivery service on GrubHub. They don't serve alcoholic beverages but they do allow BYOB so I am good with that. I will definitely be returning here with my friends.
Happy to see a new Indian restaurant open in the neighborhood, I was very limited in regards to Indian cuisine.  I have taken out twice from there, same dish each time, the Chicken tikki and once with the Garlic Naan and the second time with the Rosemary Naan.  Both Naans were really good, I always prefer the garlic, but that's just personal preference.  The Tikki was very good, a lot of flavor and a little heat which I didn't mind.  Plenty of juicy chunks of chicken.  I will definitely order from there again.
Ordered with Yelp online, easy.  Fast delivery on a Sat. Eve. Great value for your bucks. I would order again.  Had the chicken Tikka Masala and rice/garlic naan.
A friend and I had lunch here today.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating to both of us.  The food, we both had lamb dishes, was fork tender and perfectly seasoned.   We also tried the onion naan.  We will definitely be back.  Looking forward to trying other items on the menu and the garlic naan.
THE BEST INDIAN FOOD HANDS DOWN IN THE AREA. Unless you want to trek to jax heights, this is the spot for homemade, authentic, Indian food. Service is always great and friendly. The busboys are so kind and efficient. Management checks on you and likes to build report with their patrons. But again, the best part is the food, all of it. I think I've tried everything on the menu. Hope this place stays for a long time!
Chicken chop is the best!!! Love the wait staff, chandler!i had the Chana masala. It was amazing. The naan breads are perfection.
Outstanding food. Friendly service. Vegetarian and vegan options too. We'll definitely be back.
I'd never had Indian food before until I went to Tikka and I have to say I was very very pleased! I did like the decorations and the outdoor seating. The food was also incredible. I had garlic naan for the first time and it was so delicious!!!! And the chicken tikka masala omgggg amazing! I absolutely recommend!The waiter was very very friendly and he kept refilling out water which was great! He was very attentive. I'd love to try more things but their minimum for delivery is 20 dollars which seemed a little high for me. Especially since I'm only ordering for 1. My husband doesn't like to try different foods so it would just be me ordering. If they lowered their minimum for delivery to 10 I would definitely order from here regularly!
Very good food. Staff is really nice. Three of us thoroughly enjoyed our dishes. For kew gardens the dishes are a little over priced by a dollar or two but I don't mind paying for good food and service. It's BYOB no corking fee. We'll definitely eat here again
Everything was fantastic, the food, the service... We ordered Samosas that were very original and Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb. All were spectacular! We will back for sure!
And they said it couldn't be done...  I've lived in Forest Hills for many ears before moving to Kew Gardens. In all that time I there's never been a good Indian restaurant in the area.  Well, now there is!  We always leave Tikka Indian Grill happy. The food is delicious, and we sampled a number of dishes, none disappointing. They will cook/spice to order, and I mean to order!  The service is prompt, attentive & courteous. Could not be happier at finally having such a great Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
The area needed a nice restaurant in the neighborhood. The three stars is for the delivery portions - The food is okish, depending on the day.  When they first opened the food was outstanding and portions were great.  I dined in about a week ago and the portions have decreased;  there were only 4 pieces of chicken in my tikka masala and about the same amount of meat in the lamb vindaloo - that's unacceptable.  I ordered delivery last night and the container of aloo gobi was half filled, same with the container of pepper chicken.  I am not paying for half filled containers.  The biryani was lacking flavor which was surprising because the first time I ate it, it was outstanding.  I don't know if they changed chefs, or if service/quality/customer service has gone downhill.  Otherwise the staff are all very pleasant, and it's a nice place to have a meal.  They need to work on consistency.
in my opinion, the best chicken Tikka Masala I've ever had.  Staff is awesome.  Looking forward to warmer weather when they open the outdoor section.
I've ordered twice from this place in the last week. Everything I have ordered so far has been absolutely wonderful and satisfying. The chicken tikka, samosas, garlic naan and mango lassi are delicious.So glad we finally have a good Indian place in the neighborhood.
I went to tikka for the first time 2 days ago for a belated Father's Day family function. We were a party of 8 and we couldn't have been more thrilled with this place. Kew gardens has been in need of a great Indian restaurant and they gave find a great job at filling that void. The service was great (very understanding of our large group and the waiters were really funny!) The food was delicious. I had chicken tikka masala, tried the aloo Dom, as well as some of the other food others had ordered and was thoroughly impressed. It was a bit spicy for me but I also forgot to tell them mild. Even so, it still was delicious and ate all my food anyway. We loved the outdoor seating as well. The owner came out at the end of the dinner and was incredibly sweet to us! Super friendly and really wants his business to succeed! (Also they are good with you bringing cake if there's a party! They held it in the kitchen for us).I highly recommend this spot! Great food, great location, great service!
I've had several dishes from this place and they are all solid!  The chicken tikka masala is quite possibly the best that I have had.  The chicken chop is great too! Staff is very friendly and the restaurant is well run.  This place is definitely worth checking out.
Great service and the food is fresh and delicious. Excellent addition to Kew Gardens.
Amazing food! BYOB. 10% discount for crewmembers. You'll love it! Great lunch specials. Outdoor seating... No cork fee. You won't regret trying this place!
If I could I would give no star to this restaurant. Ridiculous bad attitude!!! I placed an order for delivery and was told to wait for about 45 min but we waited for almost 80 min and nothing came. When called back and was told they didn't have the order without any explanation. Seriously the worst service ever.
I ordered two weeks ago and the food was terrific.  I'm ordering again tonight.  Last time I ordered I had the Aloo Gobi, Channa Masala, Naan, Sabji Biryani and everything was so delicious.  I ordered them all medium spicy and that was quite spicy. So this time I'm ordering some medium and some mild and will mix them together.  My husband ordered the chicken masala and he said it was very good as well.  So glad we found this place.
Amazing food and outstanding service, you really have to try this place out! My family and I decided to check this restaurant out and upon arrival, we were greeted by the owner of the restaurant whom was also our waiter. He instantly made us feel at home. Being that the weather was great, we decided to sit outdoors. For appetizers we ordered the samosa which was good enough to share among the four of us. In addition, we ordered sodas which came in glass bottles (which I love!). Likewise for entrees, we ordered two chicken tikka masalas, 1 chicken biryani and an order of garlic naan to share and we still had food left over! The chicken tikka went great with the garlic naan and was extremely flavorful, I would recommend this 100 times! Likewise the chicken biryani was filled with a variety of spices and flavors. I've been here twice and each time, the service was great and the food was even better. This establishment is a must try!
Great tasting food and decent portion size , for delivery the fee is a little steep , but all in all the food is worth the price .
A new Indian restaurant in Kew Gardens/Richmond Hill that does not disappoint. My wife and I had the chicken tikka as an appetizer, as well as the chicken tikka masala for our main course. Amazing, amazing flavor! The mango lassi we had was rich and creamy! The kheer (rice pudding dessert)...one of the best. I will most definitely come back here!
Eating here was a great experience. My husband and I went for a lunch date. It is a very relaxing atmosphere. There is Indian music playing; not at all overpowering. The food was fabulous and the staff was really nice. They have an A which is an added bonus!!
Finally, we have great Indian food in the area. This has exceeded every expectation. I sincerely hope they thrive and continue to put out the quality I experienced today. I only wish they opened up shop on the other side of Metro. Final note: I wanted to knock off a star for the service. However, it wasn't for a lack of trying. Rather they seemed understaffed. In any case, I can't wait to go back.
Everything we had here was amazing! From the deconstructed samosa appetizer, to the lamb saag, to the (comped!) desserts, we had a wonderful experience. So glad we found this place!
We had a couple of chances to try out Tikka. We dined in once and ordered once through delivery.com (they said they have a two-mile delivery radius, if anyone is curious). The staff were super-nice, and the service was good and attentive. The space is a little on the small side and music was loud. It's nice to have the outdoor dining option in good weather, though the tables do not have umbrellas to protect from the sun on a hot day.The food was unusually hit-or-miss. The samosas and samosa chat were very good. I wish the other veg starters weren't all dairy (e.g., paneer, yogurt). My husband had the black pepper chicken twice, because he loved it so much. He thought it was outstanding. My kids twice had the chana masala, which I thought was very good. I appreciated that it wasn't drowning in oil, as tends to happen with most of the Indian places that deliver to us.Both times, the dishes I ordered were, unfortunately, really not good. When we dined there, I had the coconut shrimp. The presentation was lovely. I was happy to see that it came with lemon rice, because that's a South Indian variation that I rarely see around here, and it was pretty tasty. But the shrimp were a little undercooked, and the sauce was so bland. It had almost no flavor, and must have had a lot of butter or cream/yogurt, because when I reheated it, a ton of yellow oily liquid separated out. I ended up throwing it out. Next time, I tried the tofu mushroom jalfrezi when we ordered in. My husband and I both thought it was really bad. It was huge triangles of plain tofu, with a few mushrooms, peppers, and onions. The tofu didn't absorb the sauce at all. It was almost like eating tofu out of a package, except heated up. The sauce was, again, very bland. It mainly tasted faintly of onion. I ate a few of the veggies and then gave up on it, and shared my kids' chana masala instead.I would go back, especially if I wanted to have a nice meal in Kew Gardens, but it seems clear that some dishes are way better than others, and you just need to figure out what's good.
I am giving this place three stars based on delivery only. I have sat in the restaurant to eat and the food is very tasty! The two experiences I had (1) delivery and (1) pickup were not good. Their phone "gone down" both times I tried calling. For the delivery they told me 35-40 minutes. About 45 minutes later the delivery guy called me and said, "I mixed up the order, I'm sorry, I'll be back in a few, literally." I wait 10 minutes and call the restaurant and their phone was "down". I call the delivery guy, no answer. He shows up 30 minutes after he called saying "his inner tube broke and he mixed up the order." Which one is it? Opening the food, there was oil all over the outside of one of the containers, looked like they sloppily threw the food in, in a rush. I will NEVER order delivery from them again. My other experience was I continued to call for a delivery order and the phones "we're down" so my boyfriend went there ordered take out and waited a half hour. The food is good, go there to eat. I am still searching for the for an Indian place in the neighborhood with entire package: good food and good service whether dining in or delivery
We ordered in for the first time from this restaurant.  The food was really good.  Great quality chicken in the dishes.  We ordered the Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Korma and Chicken Tikka Masala.  I really enjoyed all of them.
Great Food and Great Service. Chicken Chops were amazing. Had a great time, plus BYOB makes it worth the walk.
Excellent! I had the chicken chop & it was delicious. Furthermore I found the service to be excellent as well! Right now I am kicking myself for not eating there sooner!
hands down has to be the best Indian food I tasted in queens, been to like 5 different ones,service is great,place is clean,has outdoor,great neighborhood.. and food is amazing even their naan tastes fresh and non oily .I would give it 6 stars if I could.
FINALLY! Great Indian food in Kew Gardens!! I've been here 4x already and each time I've gone the service has been prompt, the food delicious, and the waitstaff friendly. I highly recommend you try the aloo gobi, the poori, and the mango lassi :).
tonight was my first time trying this place (delivery) and my feelings are mixed. on a positive note, it was rather tasty. my friend and i asked for everything to be mild, but it seemed a little spicier than that. however that might have been an error as a result of what happened with my negative comment....they initially delivered the WRONG ORDER (they switched two delivery receipts). i get my delivery and when i checked it, it was completely wrong, so i called. they guy put me on hold after i told him and he kept me on hold for a little too long (5 minutes?), so i hung up and called back. after describing the situation to another guy (i think), they did end up realizing their error and (fairly) quickly delivered the right one.  but then what really threw me is that the guy asked for the wrong order back.  i mean what are they going to do with it?!  it prompted me to confirm that they were giving me a NEW order and not the returned one. he assured me that it was new. in the very least if they were going to take the wrong order back, i think they should have comped me on something....a free dessert would have been nice. the whole situation was rather inconvenient (on a couple of fronts that i don't need to go into here), PLUS the food in the wrong order was HOT (so hot that i actually commented on it as i was pulling it out of the bag)...while it was only warm when they delivered the second time. i will try them again, but my first impression was rather mediocre as a result.
New favorite alert! This place is pretty new to the area- Kew Gardens has needed an Indian Restaurant for awhile now and so happy this place opened up. I dined outside while the weather was absolutely beautiful. The servers were welcoming and friendly, the outdoor seating area clean and classy and the decor picnic perfect. I had the Rogan Josh (lamb curry) and Chicken Tikka Massala with Garlic Naan.  I must say the portions were generous and each entree actually comes with a free side of rice (something you don't get at most indian rests. ) I was so happy with my choice of food, the menu was simple, offered many many favorite choices, decently priced AND ABSOLUTELY TASTY , with authentic aromatic flavors. Every morsel of food was worth the itis - I savored every bite and will keep coming back for more and ordering more , this place is now a local go to and I hope they stay! Did I mention it's BYOB? Even better !
