Absolutely amazing best Indian I had so far and I'm from Chicago where we have the best food  the food here is so fresh the flavors are so authentic to Indian cuisine the service was amazing and incredible they were so hospitable and very attentive in making sure I chose the right dish for my vegetarian needs, it felt like home and I felt like family! 5 stars across-the-board!
I've visited the place multiple times over the past month and had a good experience eating there each time. However NEVER EVER ORDER DELIVERY, THE QUANTITY OF THE FOOD THEY PROVIDE IS HALF OF WHAT YOU GET IN THE RESTAURANT FOR THE SAME PRICE. Massive scam artists I will NEVER ever order from them again and would advise the same. I'd give them zero stars but turns out you can't. If you doubt me, see the picture and tell me if you'd pay 26$ for this.
Pros: great location, quick seating, water and drinks were served within 10 minutes, hostess had a smile, nice bar area. Plenty of rice served with the dishes.Cons: Service was very spotty. We waited a long time between our appetizers and entrees. Also, we had to ask for the check several times and finally my husband had to go find the hostess. Food: nothing to write home about. The tandoor salmon was nice but the railway chicken and tarka daal tasted very flat and not too different from a microwaveable meal. There was no pazzaz or zing of spices to any of the dishes. Also, it would be nice if the servers show a bit more enthusiasm while taking orders/presenting dishes. Most Indian restaurants fail to show a pride in the cuisine. This is your opportunity to educate tourists about the diversity and riches of Indian food: own it and showcase it l!!!!
Had a wonderful time here. The food was rich and delicious, and our service was super friendly and nice. Pretty typical Indian fare menu, but it was great quality and flavor.
Entered on Saturday night at 9:30 pm and were seated quickly and warmly by the helpful staff. The place was pretty full, so we were lucky to get seats.I began with a large Taj Mahal beer. It was a crisp lager that was perfect with the appetizers and entree. Our table of 3 started with an order of Naan bread, with a delicious tahini like sauce to dip it in. We also split vegetable samosas and Samosa Chaat, which was chickpeas mixed in yogurt sauce and a table favorite.For my entree I had an old reliable Indian choice, Chicken Tika Masala. Many indian restaurants skimp you on the chicken, but I actually felt Surya gave a good portion size and the tomatoe sauce mixed with fenugreek was nice to have mixed together. I also sampled some chicken tandoori that was cooked great.The service here really stood out, there were a few waiters/managers walking around making sure everything was good, and the food was brought out fairly quickly for the amount of patrons they had. I recently feel I found my new thai spot in the village, I think I can now claim to have found my go to Indian restaurant, well done Surya.
After having a negative experience at another restaurant earlier in the night, Surya turned out to be our salvation. I had heard about this place before and walked by it many times on the way to the gym. After our last trip there, I imagine it will become a regular staple for Indian when we have to select a place with our friends.First, I want to comment on the service. When we walked in, we were seated immediately and the manager (I think) explained to us their specials. The waitress was very friendly and always watching the table if we needed something. I even inquired if they had hand sanitizer to use since the bathroom line was long, since I'm a little OCD about eating. The waitress promptly brought me some spray and even sprayed it on for me (can other restaurants actually offer this, please ? ) . Throughout the meal, they were constantly checking up on us and they should be lauded for their excellent attention to detail.The food was rocking, simple as that. We ordered 3 appetizers, Naan, Vegetable Samosas, and the Samosa Chaat. They brought out plenty of Naan, finally a place that doesn't skimp on this Indian speciality. The vegetable samosa was hearty and the Samosa Chaat was amazing. For my entree, I went with the Tandoori Chicken. It was juicy, tender and came right off the bone. I asked for it mild, and it had just enough spice to make it interesting. Paired with some white rice and a Taj Mahal beer it was possibly my best experience ever at an Indian restaurant.I'm definitely spreading the word on this place and am super thrilled that they deliver and I live 2 blocks away. Surya, you've made yourself a customer for life.
Delicious Indian food! I wasn't craving anything too heavy, so I got two apps, the baby lamb chops that they are known for, and the chili cauliflower. It really hit the spot, the lamb chops were juicy and cooked medium. The cauliflower had a roasted flavor with plenty of spices. I would eat here again.
Chicken Ginger Kebab was especially tender  tasty!! The service staff were very warm  friendly. Great late night spot for drinks! Our table of 5 enjoyed ourselves tremendously.
Excellent Indian FoodThe Roasted Bartha (take-out) was excellent.  Nice mix of vegetables and very nicely seasoned.  Definitely recommend.
Eight people. no food yet. Delivery for lunch. Third time.Omgosh ordered so long ago (2 hours ago) and still have not received their food. They didn't even leave yet. We ordered for a big group and do it every so often on Fridays. This time, it's like they don't want to give us our food and make us hungry. Which is okay but, literally tell us!At this point, still waiting and would like to let everyone know not to order delivery from them. I hope the food is right...
Great experience with Surya. My girlfriend and I wanted to celebrate her birthday with some delish Indian food in the village, and Surya did not let us down. The chicken tikka was exquisite, as was the garlic naan and mango lasi with coconut rum. The server even surprised us with a lovely (and free) dessert dish in celebration of my girl's special day. Thank you, Surya, we'll be back soon!
Great customer service and good food!Our waiter, Robin, was super helpful in helping us decide on what to drink and eat. He even DJ'ed for us and played some songs we had requested, in the restaurant :D My friends and I came here mainly for some drinks and apps. I absolutely recommend getting the samosas and cauliflower dish. You will not be disappointed!
Ordered delivery from here based off the great reviews. Paneer makhani was watery and not flavorful, tasted like plain tomato sauce, and the garlic naan wasn't good either. To top it off the delivery man told me my place was too far away and I shouldn't order from here again. ?! It's not like I control the delivery zone. Bizarre.
We were seated immediately. There was low background music. The waitress was nice enough to help me choose between my 3 choices by explaining what each was like. The food came pretty quickly. It had great flavor and it was nicely portioned. And naan= life. The ambiance is warm. It could either be a casual date spot or a place to catch up with friends
Stumbled upon this place and we were not disappointed. The decor is modern and nice, the staff was friendly and the service was good. I like the fact that they had dishes from different areas of India! We started our meal with the ALOO TIKKI CHAAT which was absolutely delicious. We had a side of garlic naan, warm and tasty, and shared CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA  a lamb dish. The tikka masala tasted more tomatoey than creamy but still was good and the lamb was great. Good food, good service, clean place!
Great experience! The service was accommodating and friendly, ambiance pleasant, and a delicious meal! Great cocktails- highly recommend their lassi with rum (awesome happy hour price too)! Delicious! Can't wait to go back!
Surprisingly good food. Excellent Service. Fairly priced. Loved it. Will go again.
The attitude and customer service I have gotten from this place is just unbelieveable.
Running around the village Sunday we decided to go for some Indian food... a friend they pointed us to Surya Colonial Indian Cuisine... skeptical as usual I decided to take a chance and go and wow was I surprised the food was off the chain the service was 5-star and the meal was really inexpensive...  make sure you try the lamb appetizers they are out of this world... the delicious lemon jasmine rice... and try the spicy okra...  have a gin and tonic made from Greenhook Ginsmiths... locally distilled gin...   #eTRm
Always been our goto place in the city. Love their burger and Long Island ice teas. Great bar with tables in the back excellent service as well!
Delicious! Food was amazing! My lady and I shared some sort of vegetable Paneer tandoori dish that out of this world. I honestly think it was some of the best indian we've ever had....The cocktails were ok
Contacted seamless to report food poisoning from the chicken we ate last night.  The sauce was runny and tasteless, chicken was dry and fell apart.  We ate it anyway and got very sick, also could have been the rita that looked much thicker and tangy/tart than any raita I have had before.  Delivery man also had called several times, not wanting to actually come into the front door, acting annoyed that he would have to find a place to lock up his bike, this is what delivering food is about, I could not go down, I ordered food to be delivered for that reason.  So in all, I will never order from this place again, and will make sure my friends don't either.Maybe they could offer Imodium AD as a side dish to the chicken.
My family was very impressed with the high quality food and service. We had 6 different dishes and they were all very authentic Indian recipes with fresh ingredients. The staff was also highly attentive. In fact, when my 10 year old daughter mentioned that her meal was spicy, the Staff came back unsolicited with a bowl of yogurt to moderate the spice.
Friendly service. They have a full bar and a creative cocktail menu with a drink that even has a rose petal inside. How thoughtful! The Chicken Tikka Masala was absolutely delicious with the perfect amount of spice. On the menu it's listed as Chicken Tikka but if you want it in the tomato sauce, you can just ask for it. The place wasn't packed at all but it was a Monday so it was nice and cozy. Oh and the seats were cushioned and comfy! I'll definitely be coming back here.
I have never had Indian food this good before!!!  Garlic naan was perfect and so much flavor.  Chicken was tender in our dish!!!  So good!!  Sweet sweet man served us!   We just happen by on a walk through NY and it was the best food on our trip for 4 days in the city!
Disgusting. Plates were greasy, goat curry had that odd taste of food that is getting spoiled. Do not recommend.
Surya is The Best Indian restaurant in NYC. The food here at Surya is a fiesta in your mouth, from the samosas to the paneer makhani, to the fluffy and fresh nan and the mango lassi. Everything is made from the finest ingredients as well as expertly prepared. The restaurant has casual cool decor, great for dates and groups. The owner is very friendly and funny as well. Save room for dessert!
Ordered delivery from this place. I had their paneer makhani  the royal shahi korma. They were excellent! Wasn't expecting the level of flavor that came with these two dishes and excited to try their other dishes soon.
Horrible delivery service, quantities are half of what you get in the restaurant for the same price. Never order delivery from them, you'll lose money.
Really shocked that this place has a 4.5 rating at the moment.  Went solely based on this and had a crappy dining experience.  Service was really off.  Asked us to move tables-fine.  The waiter was about to pour us our.wines and then that stops as we slide over- the wine bottles are brought back to the bar- our wine glasses remain on our previous table.  No wine for at least 10 minutes while everyone who works at the restaurant disappears.  Finally get our wines.  Then our apps come.  No pappadum and the chutneys.  Aren't these standard.  The tables besides us get these.  I'm never been to an Indian restaurant where this is left out.  Whatever at that point it was moot.  Ordered okra.   They bring TWO orders of it.  Ummm no.  No one ever needs two orders of it.  The okra was super old and dried out.  I always order the okra and this one scores pretty low on the totem poles of Indian okra.  Rice was fine. Paratha meh.  Really expected better.  Seriously what's up with all the Five stars.  Maybe I ordered all the wrong shit?  Did I mention that my wine glass was chipped and when I told them- they took that wine and glass to the bar and proceeded to pour said chipped glass wine  into another?!?  Isn't that the whole point of not drinking from a chipped wine glass so you don't ingest glass chips?
lightening is good, service is nice, restaurant is clean and food is ok.i wish they would have lunch specials..
Awesome spot for well-made Indian food. Menu has all the staples, but the dishes I tried were balanced and flavorful - definitely towards the higher end for Indian in the area. I particularly enjoyed the lamb korma - had a subtle heat that balanced out the sweetness of the creamy sauce. Most importantly it didn't have the greasy quality you sometimes get with Indian food. The naans were serviceable. Didn't try dessert. I only found out about these guys by seeing the announcement on Eater (I used to eat at their old location down the road). It was a few days past their opening and the restaurant was still in startup mode - hanging signs and such. But the food, and service, was professional grade. Of special note is the cocktail menu, which has a variety of inventive drinks that incorporate Indian ingredients. I am glad these folks re-opened and I'll certainly be making this a regular stop for lunch and dinner.
Food took too long. Like an hour. They served everyone else but just totally forgot about us. So sad!
I have a weird relationship with Indian cuisine; it's something that I absolutely love, yet for some reason it's not something I actively crave--like that one guy you know who'll take a few hits off your joint if it's offered to them every now and then. That might change after our visit to Surya! This place is really nice, with a dark and dimly lit ambiance and friendly and attentive waitstaff. Cocktails are mixed well, and the pour's nice and heavy. The food's definitely on point--my two favorite dishes were appetizers believe it or not. Do yourself a huge favor and order the Cauliflower Chili fry! I think I can best describe it as cauliflower General Tso's Chicken which isn't a bad thing at all. Overall this place was great, but for some reason I can't say it's all that memorable. Maybe we'll stop by again for dinner if we happen to be in the area and the sudden craving for Indian food strikes me.
Shit delivery service never use it. Ordered food and literally got half of what I'd get in the restaurant. Rude customer service and no attempt to resolve the dispute.
Saag paneer tasted old, and tho the chicken tikka masala sauce was nice, the chicken was dry. Samosas were bland and under spiced. I threw up twenty minutes after eating, but my partner was fine.
This lovely restaurant deserves a 5 star in my book! My boyfriend and I had an amazing date night in this place because of the food and the amazing service. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted very warmly  and seated in a lovely corner. The waiter was attentive to our needs, and another person in a white shirt was also very attentive to us. The ambiance was very cozy. From appetizers to the main course, everything was perfect! Definitely my boyfriend and I's go back restaurant!
Great nouvelle Indian if there is such a thing.  Young  vibe, good bar. Nice preparation, excellent service. Reasonable prices.  Our waiter was also nice enough to help me arrive the proper pronunciation of "mulligatawny" after several dozen attempts.  :). YPMV (Your Pronunciation May Vary).
Food was very good except for the Chicken Vindaloo - the chicken was a bit dry. Great cocktails, but pricey. The shrimp dish we had was delicious and the shrimp perfectly cooked.
DELICIOUS Indian food! Not only is the presentation of the dishes beautiful, it tastes amazing! I ordered the speciality spiced okra. It was vegan, so flavorful, and a very nice sized portion. My boyfriend ordered the Bhuna with goat and he said the goat was so tender it fell off the bone. The service was attentive and efficient. We also ordered Indian beers that were smooth and paired perfectly with the spicy dishes. We will be returning soon!
Good food and great service! Attentive and friendly  staff.  Had the saag paneer and marinated chicken ginger kabab. Both delish!
Wonderful service. Fantastic food (forgot the name but the roasted fish). Splendid drinks.  Warm and cozy.  Can't wait to come back and would recommend to anyone looking for some delicious Indian food. :)
Probably the best place on Bleeker Street, and excellent Indian food by any standards.Excellent food, great prices, friendly staff, good service.On the way into a music place across the street, we saw that Surya had recently opened. Always in the mood for Indian, we thought to give it a try. The ambiance is very casual - but it's more of a restaurant than it looks from the outside - you can have a legit meal here. From appetizer through the main courses, the food was extraordinary. Spicy - but only as hot as you ask for it. Not at all oily. Beautifully presented. Try the fried cauliflower appetizer.After a while, it occurred to me that Surya had been the name of one of my favorite Indian restaurants, a few blocks down on Bleeker, which had closed about five years ago. Sure enough, it's the same family, back with the same quality of food.Give it a try!
do not order delivery from here! we ordered a few Sunday nights ago at 7pm and weren't eating until 9:30pm. yep, 2.5 hours later - we live only a few blocks away and they still couldn't manage to get our food to us in any kind of reasonable time frame.  Mr. F called to ask what was going on and they gave excuse after excuse - first they said they lost our order, then they said they already sent it out and it would be ten minutes.  after another half hour he called again and it was supposed to be another ten minutes.  it was 20 beyond that, btw.  they threw in a free $4 appetizer in an attempt to appease us, but it wasn't enough. the two stars are because the food was delicious - so i might consider going back to the actual location - but we will never order delivery from here again, given that there are so many options in NYC to get food within 20 minutes.
By happy accident we found Surya while walking on Bleeker street. We weren't sure what to expect, the restaurant recently opened. We decided to give it a try and were pleasantly surprised. We ordered the chili cauliflower appetizer, chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi mutter. The cauliflower was fantastic, I could eat that for days! The entrees were spiced to order, and did not disappoint! My chicken was moist and flavorful. While the vegetable dish was tasty and light. The meal was filling and hearty but we didn't feel weighed down afterwards. That staff was friendly and helpful. Our waiter made great recommendations.I recommend this restaurant to anyone, including newbies to Indian cuisine.
An awesome unique twist on all of the traditional cocktails. Comfy bar to sit back with great craft beers on tap too.
This is the best Indian restaurant that i have been in NYC, authentic Indian food. Servers were very friendly and detail oriented.
I was grabbing a drink after work w/close friends last Friday on Bleecker. We decided to grab dinner afterwards and saw this newly opened place conveniently nearby. We decided to give it a try and let me tell you it did not disappoint!! Food was absolutely amazing and service was exceptional. One of the owners was on site and was very welcoming. Spent a few minutes talking to him and you could tell he was really passionate and excited about bring upscale Indian food back into this area.  For apps we ordered the Cauliflower Chili Fry, Amritsar Macchi, and their famous Baby Lamb chops. All were very delicious but especially loved the Lamb chops, so much that we ended up put in a second order.  For the main course we had Garlic Shrimp Bhuna, Chicken Jalfrazi, and the black lentil (daal).  We like our food very spicy and I was happy to see that the waiter got our message across to their chief.  Overall, I am glad we found this place. The place seems to have opened very recently (I think about a week or so) as it looks like the decor is still be set up. However, the appetizing food and welcoming service alone warrants this 5 star review. Definitely gave off a fine dinning/upscale vibe compared to others in the area. I will definitely be stopping by again!  Btw - definitely try their specialty cocktails, I had something named the "Tajmopolitan" just cause of the play on words, and it turned out being very refreshing.
I went to this place on a Friday night and the food was delicious, service was great, and the drinks were tasty.  For starters I had the cauliflower chili fry, which was delicious and like something I haven't had before.  For dinner I had the Malabar Pappas, which was amazing and I would definitely recommend it.  As for the cocktails, I had the Tajmopolitan, which was good but even better was the mango Lassi cocktail that my brother ordered.  I would have never ordered it but when I tried it, it was delicious and I would definitely order it next time I'm there.
Glad to have them back -- same crew as the one a few blocks away that closed not too long ago.  Delicious food and sweet hearts in regards to service.Definitely worth the trip
I'm giving Surya five stars right off the bat since I was a frequent diner at their Bleecker Street location for years and years, and while I'll miss the garden area,  I can't wait to go try the new spot tonight!  All the best and I hope that you stay there forever and ever!So glad your back!
Arrived half an hour before close, and the staff informed me the restaurant was not open. I said their website said their hours were until midnight. The man I spoke to gave me an incredulous face like I was nuts and informed me that I was wrong about the website and acted like I was lying to him.  I checked their website and Yelp, which both state midnight closing hours. If this has changed, it's their obligation to update their information and not treat me like I'm crazy for assuming they are open at the time they advertise. 30+ minutes before close is in either case not an acceptable time to shutter doors.
Delicious Indian restaurant! We had aloo gobi mutter, saag paneer, and naan and rice. Good size portions for the price (although the meat entrees were more expensive). Very attentive service, and nice layout and decor. Would go back!
Went here for lunch the other day with some friends. I had the lunch special with the aloo tikki chaat as appetizer and vegetable korma as main. The girl who took the orders was really sweet, even though it took her some time to come to our table to take our orders. When the food came out the waiters were a bit confused - and kind of mumbled so I couldn't hear what food they called out (tip here: speak up). The chaat was good, but the veggie korma was very tasty. Portion wise they are a bit smaller than other indian restaurants I have been to. My friend had the chai tea and it was just "meh" - tasted more milky and less of the spices you want. Maybe I would come back to this restaurant again for the veggie korma.
Tried their lamb chops, chicken tikka masala and naans. Everything tasted great, however their lamb chops are out of this world and a must try - juicy, succulent , well-balanced with spices and grilled in the tandoor to perfection!
My boyfriend and I stopped in last night for a drink so I can only review the drinks, decor/ambience, and service. This is outstanding place for a drink and, judging by the delicious aroma from the kitchen, some great Indian food. I had the Indian rose and my boyfriend had the royal smash. Both drinks were made by a friendly, sweet bartender who took the time to talk to us about the drinks, our visit, and their business. She was phenomenal in all respects and makes a great drink! The entire staff was welcoming and kind, I cannot say enough good things about the service! If we didn't have to meet up with friends for dinner we would have eaten there and we definitely will next time. If you want a place to grab a drink that is quiet and with a friendly staff that knows how to make flavorful libations then Surya is a great choice!
Very delicious food and kind staffs. My favorite indian restaurant. I come to this restaurant once a week regularly.
I had lunch here with my girlfriends and the food was amazing!! I had the cauliflower chili fry and chic pea masala. It's definitely the best I ever had! And the garlic naan.....heaven! The food was seasoned to perfection and the service was first class.  I can't wait to go back!
I ordered take-out from Surya last night, and it was up there with the best Indian food I've ever had. The food was delivered promptly and still hot. The veggie samosas had great flavor, and I loved the Chicken Tikka Masala. Will definitely order again!
I HIGHLY recommend you do not get delivery from this Indian place. The same delivery guy always has some sort of problem with me for no reason. The food is great, but the delivery caused me to give this restaurant two stars. This is the only restaurant that infuriated me this much to post this response on Yelp.
A wonderful indian Restaurant, quiet, small, good service, excellent food.Bhel puri and baby lamb chops on the appetizer menu would make the trip worthwhile.  There were four of us and we shared, everything was very good.
Great food and friendly, efficient service. Pretty affordable, too (and we got STUFFED!)Recommend the fried cauliflower like another reviewer mentioned. It tastes absolutely amazing.
I just tried Surya's new location and it's just what I look for in an Indian restaurant. Nothing too over the top, just very good food. I started off with the basics, a garlic naan and chicken tikka masala and the flavors were all on point. The service was excellent and the prices are fair as well. This will definitely be my go to spot for Indian in Greenwich Village!PS they have a solid beer selection and you can't beat $6 premium beers! It looks like the bar is pretty stacked as well so I'm excited to try some of their cocktails.
This place is great!!! Servers were extremely nice and attentive, lots of appealing drink options. Indian mule was great. Very very yummy vegetable samosa, garlic naan, and eggplant and potato dish. Free rice! (I think lol) I'll certainly come back here!!!! Wonderful place. Such a nice experience.
Wow the baby lamb chops are to die for. Outstanding food. Amazing service. Very colonial and rustic decor.  Worth the experience will def be back soon. Thanks surya team for coming back to the neighborhood!!
My friends and I spent HOURS at this place and we received fantastic service. Their food and drinks were delicious. The ambiance is nice and service is great! They were attentive to us, even after spending a couple of hours eating and chatting. We also received some yummy sorbet. Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a great Indian restaurant.
Surya is hands down the best Indian food that I've ever had in my life. I've tried many places around my neighborhood and none compare to Surya. My best friend and I were craving some delicious food after shooping in SOHO. I brought her to Surya for some delicious cocktails and food. We had the Indian Rose which was spot on. For dinner we had the Baby Lamb Chops and my favorite Nann E Surya with Tikka Masala Sauce. Also, Lamb Boti Kebab with Lemon Rice and Keema Naan. My friend was really happy and impressed with the delicious food and service. We'll be back!
We had dinner here when we when visiting New York for the weekend from Maine. It was fairly quiet for 8:00 pm on a Friday night, but as we observed it seemed to be a popular takeout location. We started out with the cauliflower chili fry, which was one of the yummiest things I have ever eaten! It was seasoned to sweet and spicy perfection. We also had some vegetable samosas Which were very yummy. I had the potatoes and eggplant per the waiter's recommendation, and I was not disappointed! They have many vegan options which are well marked on the menu, and I would certainly recommend the potatoes and eggplant. My younger sister ordered the chicken kebab, and it came on a sizzling plate which she was not a fan of. The waiter quickly came over without even being asked, put the chicken onto her plate, and removed the sizzling plate, allowing her to enjoy her chicken. Overall, the servers were friendly, attentive and helpful; and the food was some of the best, indian food I have come across.
The lunch specials are just the right size, great food, the service is fantastic, and the main server (who shall remain nameless) is quite possibly the most attractive man I have ever seen in my life. That's reason enough for me to keep going there.
I was so happy to hear that Surya was reopening in a new space. It's definitely the least greasy, most tasty Indian restaurant in the village area. Don't expect a creative menu like you've find at Babu Ji. It's more of a traditional menu. I wish the decor was a bit more inviting. If it was a better lit, stylish I'm sure it would draw a large crowd. I generally choose to get delivery. Anyway, the food is super tasty here.
I've been vegetarian a long time and Indian is always a safe option for me when eating out. This place doesn't disappoint. Food was amazing. Staff was great. Good prices for Manhattan. Yummy cocktails, I had the Tajmopolitan. I will definitely be back.
Great tasty food, Great service. they can also make your food not spicy which is very rear at indian restaurants
Amazing food! Great service. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. You can tell they are running this place with care.  Definitely loved the lamb.  Some of my favorite lamb anywhere. Get the lamb chops.
Wow! Went for dinner on an hour lunch with 6 people and got out in time no problem.  Amazing, amazing flavors. The cauliflower chili fry is incredible!  For entree had lamb vindaloo, the lamb fell apart.  The chicken Marsala was a huge hit by everyone, some saying it was the best they've ever had.
This place is fantastic! Everything we ordered from here was delicious. We got the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and samosas. Everything came out of the kitchen quick and fresh. The place was very clean and they also serve alcohol here, which was great. I'd recommend this place to anyone who's looking for delicious Indian food!
I was thrilled when this place first reopened, especially because I'm not aware of any other decent option for Indian food in the Village since Cafe Spice closed. I do really like some of their dishes such as the tandoori chicken and yellow daal. But I can only give this 3 stars because they raised their prices and shrunk their portion size since opening last year.
I rarely write reviews but this place was awesome and I want to support my neighborhood joints!  Surya has an unassuming but very neat and tasteful decor, sweet and sincere waitstaff, and totally delicious food.  Highly recommend it for casual meals with friends!
Ordered from Seamless. First time customer. The $25 lamb shank that's "slowly cooked overnight and simmered with aromatic sauce" was clearly NOT cooked overnight. What I instead received was a paltry container of cheap, chewy, gristly, fast-grilled meat. I call shenanigans on the positive reviews for this place on Yelp and Seamless. 4.5 stars and 453 ratings on Seamless in so little time? Social media "reputation management" firms need to be outlawed.
Where else can you get Indian beer on tap?!! This restaurant is awesome!  I've been there twice since recently moving to the neighborhood, I highly recommend .  I've never seen a bar this amazing in an Indian restaurant! The food is outstanding as well.
as per the other reviews the waitresses are really friendly and the lamb chops are amazing. pretty good happy hour too. i'd def go back.
Well I am laying in bed instead of exploring New York City because of the lamb korma I ordered. I think it gave me food poisoning.
The food and drinks were delicious.  Unlike, other Indian restaurants in the area, the food tastes very authentic. The spices and oil is to perfection. The mixed grill, and amritsari machi were among my favorite dishes. The cauliflower chili fry, which I've never had before, at any other Indian restaurant was unique and flavorful, a must try. The restaurant also adds an Indian influenced twist on the speciality cocktails. Overall: the food, the ambiance, service and drinks are amazing!! My new favorite Indian restaurant.
Fantastic fresh food. Great service. Modern ambiance. I have tried this place twice and it was great both times.
I've ordered a bunch of different things through seamless and it's all been delicious -- definitely get the cauliflower app! I can't speak for the actual restaurant experience but I've peeked in and it looks casual but nice.
My best friend and I had dinner here tonight after a show. The service was really nice and we looked the dim, romantic, and friendly vibe here. The hostess were both really nice. And our waiter was informative about the food that was being served. We had the vegetable biryani, which was really good!! Along with the Chana masala and chicken curry. For desert we had the kulfi, which was very tasty. The only thing about it we did not like was the choice of music that was playing. Otherwise, it's a great place to dine! We loved it!
The Chicken tikka masala lunch special is my favorite. The baby lamb chops is awesome. My 2nd favorite. I would definitely come back. Worth every penny!
What a experience this was, such a delightful staff and the food just takes the decor reminiscing of a restaurant in Bombay just over the top. If I may I recommend the lasni gobi which unbelievably doesn't even taste like cauliflower, and of course the famous lamb chops very tender and awfully good especially once you dip in their one of a kind sauce. And basically all of the entrees (too many to name) which I tasted were just sublime.
Lovely staff, great service they were very attentive to myself and the table. The food is very good, very flavorful with a good variety on the menu. A nice bar too.
Solid cocktails and pretty good food. On the milder side, though, but still good. Excellent gobi manchurian!
Service was good as were the appetizers.  I had the mixed grill, which was great but the lamb and fish were a bit bland.  Nice atmosphere though.  Definitely  come back again.  Quiet to moderate noise level.
My bro and I were contemplating what to eat last Saturday night and finally decided on Indian.  We saw the good reviews for Surya and decided to give it a try.  And we were so pleased we did!  The food was excellent, cocktails delicious, and the ambience was right on trend.  We sat near the bar, and will definitely go back to try more items on the extensive food and drink menu!  One of the best Indian places I've eaten!
Very nice infian restaurant offering nice cocktails, wine and beers and delicious food.The chettinad chicken was delicious. The pepper chicken also but we prefered the chettinad.Popadum and naan are great also.The service was quick and very friendly. We will be back
Great restaurant. Food is always consistent and you expect a good food. Their cocktails are interesting. Their Indian mule is very refreshing. Of course I had to change the absolute to something else. We had halibut, salmon, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken I mean we ordered so much. Their Nan is superb. Overall great restaurant. Just make sure one thing on your bill. Of course they never tell you this. They have already include gratuity so don't add more. One of 2 reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. Lastly, they push  hard for you to order more drinks... Watch out :)
Decided to give this recently opened restaurant a try and it was delicious. The owner was onsite and the waitstaff were very gracious and attentive. We had the Spinach Palak Moong Chaat to start. For entrees we ordered the Dalcha Machchi which was a salmon curry dish, the Calicut Pepper Chicken and the Potato and Eggplant which were all very flavorful and mildly spicy. We also had side orders of Punjabi Kulcha and Onion and Black Pepper Kulcha. The cheesiness of the Punjabi Kulcha paired wonderfully with the curry dishes. With the closings of Baruchi and Indian Taj in the area, I'm really glad Surya opened and will definitely be back!
Really good lunch special and great price for the area, especially now that Baburchi is gone. I had the lamb curry. The new location looks nice.
I came here with a friend on a Friday night. Mostly all the tables were full, we had no problem sitting at the bar and chatting it up. The place is modern looking and kind of sexy since it's dimly lit. The staff is friendly and attentive. I had a glass of red wine my friend had a Moscow mule which was perfect and refreshing, I had one the day before somewhere else  and this one was top notch. Now onto the main attraction! The food was perfect; for starters we had the spicy cauliflower which had just the right heat, portion was the right amount. I ordered the chicken korma and garlic naan and I was very pleased with everything, I'm still craving it and can't wait to go back. The naan was soft, fluffy and garlicky. My friend was pleased with her meal too. For dessert we had the mango ice cream which was served in cubed shapes on a plate, I nearly licked the plate, it was heaven. I can't wait to go back and get my indian food fix.
Having Parathas without yogurt is like having nachos with no dip. Majority of the Indian restaurants provide yogurt with any given parathas unless listed to be ordered as an extra. After waiting 45 mins for the food to be delivered we found out that theres no yogurt, theres no chutney nothing given on the side. Therefore I had called the restaurant and asked how come there was no extras on the side and the lady told me it needed to be side ordered which was no mentioned not on yelp, their own website or grubhub. So I requested even offered to pay for the extras because the food wouldnt just be the same without it. Almost an hour and a half after there was no sign of delivery, Hence I called AGAIN and the lady had nothing to say but sorry. I think its a little nuts that we almost have to wait over 2 hours to get proper service. There are many other Indian restaurants in the area I would recommend over this particular one.
Hi This is Chef Manoj from Indian Ocean Restaurant, Centerville in Virginia. I dropped into this restaurant and it exceeded my expectations in taste, quality and ambience. I am impressed with this place and will highly recommend to all my friends. Thank you to one of the co-owners, Abishek for making this place known in Soho.
I LOVE this Indian Restaurant !!! I finally discovered a place that has the perfect blend of spices unlike other places; which contains an overwhelming amount. At first my friends and I were some-what skeptical but the restaurant is designed beautifully and we had to check it out. The service was top notch! The staff was very attentive and explained some of the dishes to our Indian food first timers at the table. The dishes all have a subtle but unmistakable taste of India. It satisfies the palates of the conservative as well as adventurous. The Masaledar Chaaps (lamp chops) are to die for! The lamb chops simply melted in your mouth. They had a very light and slightly tangy flavor from the marinade. The Chicken Vindaloo is irresistible, the chicken is tender and succulent and the curry pairs beautifully with naan and basmati rice.  And of course you can't forget the drinks, Tajmopolitan and the Mumbai Mule; perfect kick to go along with your meal. Amazing food and amazing drinks, what more can you ask for!!
Walked into Surya this weekend and have nothing but good things to say. Food was fantastic, drinks were amazing, and the owners were onsite saying hello to everybody. Love me some Indian food and most definitely will be back again.
One of the better Malai Kofta's I've had.
Had dinner with the family at Surya tonight since we love Indian and were curious about this new place in our neighborhood. The food was absolutely delicious - we had chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, mutter paneer, and a vegan potato/eggplant dish. Service was great, the decor is modern, prices are decent. We did not try the cocktails or desserts but they sure looked good.We'll definitely be back!
This place is AMAZING. The staff is lovely and attentive and the food is incredible. I used to eat at this restaurant all the time in its prior location, and I was extremely disappointed when it closed. I stumbled across this restaurant tonight. I was supposed to see a band, but I abandoned metaphorical ship as soon as I realized this was the same restaurant in a new location! And it was everything I remembered and more. I want to move closer to be in the delivery range. It's a good day.
Fine dinning has finally returned to the neighborhood. Very delighted an upscale restaurant has made its way back to town. There handcrafted cocktails were really on point. I loved the names of the cocktails. The atmosphere was very intimate. Was here tonight with my wife and I think we had the best chicken tikka masala ever!!!Spinach palak chaat was something different and very flavorful def would order it next I come in again. They had a colonial street chaat menu which reminded me of my childhood days in New Delhi. Would def be back soon.  Thanks surya for being a great addition to the neighborhood.
Solid new Indian spot. The okra was pretty good as was the saag paneer. The vindaloo was a little too sweet and sour for my liking. Clean atmosphere. Will definitely be back. Felt great after eating there.
Weird experience with this restaurant. Dined in once and it was very good. Then based on that we decided to order delivery since we live in the neighborhood. Their delivery was totally mediocre. It was like a completely different restaurant. Maybe they've got two kitchens going and the takeout one sucks. Food came fast but was barely warm. So 2.5 stars, because (4 (dine in) + 1 (takeout))/2.
We've now eaten at Surya three times, two inhouse and one takeaway. First time was delightful (open just a few weeks), quiet mid week, decent portions and tasty; food took awhile to arrive so chalked it up to growing pains (restaurant was not busy). Second time, we came on a Saturday with reservations and it took FOREVER to get our table, somewhat noisy (over all the space is too small for an Indian restaurant), food was great but the portions were too small to serve as entrees, appetizers maybe. Third time we ordered in and again the portions for meat and sag paneer were on the smallish side, my entree had small chunks of lamb swimming in gravy. I love the gravy but for $16 an entree I would have expected more meat. I am willing to give Surya one more chance, if they screw up on the portion sizes, we will sadly move on.
The place was very nice and quickly was seated. The waitress was very kind and very helpful. I had beryani which was made just right. Not too spicy! The chi tea with milk topped it for me. It was a great experience. Loved it .
the food is awesome. chicken tikka masala is the best.surya is the best restaurant .........i love it..........and i will recommend this to everyone.
My favorite Indian food in the world!! The baby lamb chops will leave your mouth watering, they are to die for.  I'm truly never disappointed after dining here. Great service, and atmosphere. You cannot go wrong by eating at Surya!!
Had lunch there with friends recently. The place was empty. We asked about their lunch specials. The guy told us to use the regular menu, don't pick seafood or lamb, and the charges would vary from $11-$13. The food wasn't very good. And when it came time to pay, the server denied he had said anything about special lunch prices. I was shocked, because I had been there once before, and had been told about the reduced prices for lunch. Now I understand why the place was empty. We just didn't leave a tip, and exited. Very unpleasant experience all the way around.
Solid indian food.  Ordered Seamless which arrived quickly.  Would order from here again.
Delicious. Great flavors, all seasoned just right and tastes fresh, not heavy like other places. Definitely will be back!
