I am SO stuffed right now! I completely underestimated how filling the rice noodles would be, so my boyfriend and I got 3 beef and 3 pork....AND 2 tofu flowers. I love that we can watch the rice noodles be made from scratch, it really reassures me of its freshness. There's a little sauce station where you can make your own mix, then bag it to go. Prices can't be beat. It's so cheap for delicious food, fresh soy milk, and dou fu hua! It was 11.50 for all of the food we ordered, and we'll definitely have enough for dinner tonight.If you go on a Sunday, be warned that they might run out of stuff. I went on Sunday evening right before they closed, hoping to try some of their noodles but they were out. This time I went on a Friday afternoon and was fully satisfied! The portions are deceptively large. Even the small tofu flower soup was almost too much for me and my boyfriend. I'm so happy this exists in our neighborhood. Can't wait to bring my parents here!
Considering this is the only thing close to the Chinatown carts/store fronts that sell rice noodles and tofu flower soup, I'll take it! Really glad we decided to try this for breakfast/lunch one day. We ordered two beef rice noodle, a shrimp rice noodle and a tofu flower soup for under $6 is always a steal. Gotta love Chinese food. The rice noodle is freshly made so brace yourself for a significant wait. They're good with knowing who was waiting and who ordered to keep the line flowing. You can also purchase large or small packs of rice noodle to go. The tofu flower soup was standard with taste but what was unique was the bean curd stick inside. Very different from others I tried and it's not bad for you so I'm for it! I liked their rice noodle but wish there was more beef. Otherwise, I'm a fan and would definitely return if I'm craving these dishes.
Love their rice noodles. The beef scallion egg is our favorite. They usually serve in the weekends. We wanted to get some last week, but they were not making it that day. So we headed out this morning, and the same thing happened. We are very disappointed :( please update your hours.
Love their foods!!noodles are freshly made. Surely i will be back and try everything in the menu. Next time, ill probably try the grass jelly,  shrimp and rice noodles.
I found Wong Kwong Hop courtesy of Yelp.  Tofu factory on its normal course of business.  Open on weekends to us regular folks for food pickup as well.I ordered 2 plates of pork noodle crepes (with egg) plus a large container of tofu dessert for $5.25.YUM!  YUM!  YUM!
Wong Kwong Hop is a very interesting place.  This place is not for the faint of heart.  I went there on Friday at about 1:30p and they were cleaning up their shop but they were still taking and filling orders.  They were literally steaming and scrubbing the floors and all of their machines while I was standing near the front door.   It's straight out a factory that churns out fresh tofu, soy milk, tofu deserts, rice noodles, and more.  People were coming in to buy large orders of tofu and soy milk.  I ordered a few of their beef rice noodles with scallions and also dried shrimp rice noodles with scallions 12 orders to be exact.  The woman who took my order literally makes it right in front of you, just banged them out really quickly.  She just oiled up a tray and added a very thin layer of their rice noodle liquid threw in about a little more than a tablespoon of meat then scallions mixed it around the tray and placed it into the steamer.  This steamer holds 3 large trays at a time.  It took about 3 or 4 minutes per sheet. When the first tray was done and placed into the container the  woman asked me if I wanted to eat it now.  There was about 4 sauces you can choose  from peanut sauce, hoisin sauce, sriracha or sweet soy sauce.  I chose their sweet soy sauce.  It was so delicious, soft tender rice noodle with a little meat and scallion, pipping hot with sweet soy sauce which gave it really a great flavor.  If you can over look the lack of decor and ambiance this is definitely a place to try.
My father loves taho (tofu fa)! Glad I read about Wong Kwong Hop last night. We bought taho and four orders of rice noodles (plain, dried shrimp and scallion, corn and scallion, and beef). Note that the syrup for the taho has a hint of ginger.  The consistency was great - really smooth and soft. The rice noodles were yummy! You need to put the sauces yourself - peanut, sweet and soy sauces are next to the steamer.  The best one is the dried shrimp and scallion.  I thought the peanut sauce was great but the wife was not a fan.Just a flag that the place may seem chaotic but the food and service were great.  We will definitely be back!
BEST Cantonese Breakfast to go during the weekend (only).  Made to order Noodles. (weekends)Freshly Made Sweet Tofu "Fah", Soy Milk. For under $ 5.00 I ordered: - Dry Shrimp noodles with all the sauce (except siracha) - Large Pint of Tofu "fah" (Ate only one quarter and saved the rest to eat later) - Large Soy Milk (Drank a cup and save the rest for later)Small Menu outside the store, but everything is between $ 1.25 - $ 3.00 each item.There is NO place for you to eat unless you take it around at a park or eat inside your car.  ******************************CASH ONLY*************************************
By far the best cherng fun place I have had in all of nyc.  Let's you put your own sauce. Tip (and I have seen people do it): bring your own container to use so that the sauce doesn't spill out.
Unexpected and delicious is how I describe Wong Kwong Hop. I had imagined roast meats over rice and wonton noodle soups on my way to the shop. For those living in Queens, I obviously had Shun Wang on my mind. But once I got to the Wong Kwong Hop, the plate of roast pork and soy sauce chicken over rice immediately disappeared from my mind. Luckily, I'm adaptable. It probably didn't hurt that I also bookmarked this place and knew exactly what to order: dried shrimp rice crepe noodle. While waiting, I also discovered they sell freshly-made soy milk and "dau fu fa" or tofu fa*. No doubt I added a large of each to my order. And why not? The entire order came out to less than $5! The rice crepe noodle was the perfect consistency. Thin layers, springy, and the added dried shrimp and preserved pickles added a nice texture contrast. The important stand out about the noodles? They're made to order! Yes, made to order! Noodle mixture is scooped into the crepe pan, add the desired toppings, and it's placed into the steamer. Less than 5 minutes later, freshly made rice noodles is ready and sauces are added. The soy milk was a little too sweet for me, but I also drink my coffee black so this may be ok for regular folks. The tofu fa was amaaaaazing! Smooth and has a little of sweetness to it. No need to use too much of the sugar syrup. What I loved most was that each tofu fa is steamed/boiled in its own container. Normally, tofu fa is made in a large batch inside a big wooden bucket and is scooped into smaller containers for sale. The scooping, unfortunately, breaks up the tofu fa and creates extra water, which takes up a lot of space within the container. At Wong Kwong Hop, the tofu fa is intact in it's own little container, so less water and no breakage! Disclaimer: This is absolutely not a sit down place. Don't get turned away by its appearance. It is a tofu factory after all and will be a mess. But if you can overlook that and concentrate on their delicious products, you won't be disappointed.*Tofu fa is a Chinese tofu dessert that can be served hot or cold and normally accompanied by a sugar syrup. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do…
I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner. 4 stars for experience and food. A visit here is not for the culturally incompetent because it really is an experience. I can imagine some might be turned off by the rawness of it so come in with an open mind. As others mentioned, this is not a restaurant. It is a factory that makes crepes, tofu, and a lot of other stuff for businesses like restaurants and markets.  I now know where my favorite restaurants get their rice crepe from. I must have seen two managers at two different restaurants come in and get their orders. Luckily, on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday it is open to the public. You walk in and there are a lot of people and you're not sure who is who. But I looked confused enough to be approached by one of the guys who was making the small to-go orders of crepe. I don't speak any Chinese and got by just fine, although I do believe he was the only English speaker there. Otherwise, body and sign language, pointing, and facial expressions would have sufficed. My mom needed some rice crepes for dinner so I got two bags which were only $1.40. My mom could not believe it. She usually pays ~$4 per bag for the same stuff in Chinatown. While I was there, I also got some smaller orders of the rice crepes. I've tried two so far and they were delicious. Don't expect waiter service, tables, checks, water. It's not like that. It's a fast paced marketplace so just walk in with a yelp photo of the menu on your phone and start pointing away! While you're waiting, you can enjoy the craziness of the place. The huge machine is right there in front of you filing in hundreds and thousands of layers of crepe and a nice sweet lady packaging them. There are guys running in and out with huge tubs of tofu so get out of their way! Overall, I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely be bringing my parents here.
The food there is fresh and made daily, can't be any better than that Definitely a good and authentic tofu/ chow fun place :D
Great homemade soy milk and flat rice noodles. Made-to-order cheong fun makes an awesome weekend treat too! By the way, the first two menu options don't exist (large boxes or whatever) - you just pick a topping, pay the $1.50, sauce it and bag it yourself, then get outta the way. The place is dingy and they don't speak much English, but everything is authentic and delicious.
I love dou hua (sweet tofu) and this place has amazing dou hua. It comes with delicious ginger syrup too. YUM! Their soy products are fresh and delicious.
Tofu made fresh daily in their premises? yes please.. 4 stars for having noone speak English..If you don't know how to speak chinese or can't recognize the stuff to point out, you're going to have a hard time buying anything... When I dropped by, there were 2 ladies there that I tried to gesture for one of them to come outside, so I can point out what I wanted on their menu (which is stupid, why can't you have a menu inside? I understand it's a "factory" but..) even still, they didn't know what that "come hither" motion was and opened a small box of fried tofu to which I politely shook my head "no dude."Luckily, another customer came in and helped me out at which point I was extremely grateful because you can't get this quality of tofu anywhere..
Love their rice crepes noodles!  Really good price and good portion size.  Too bad only Serve on fri and wkd.  Also bought their flat noodles, freshly made and very delicious!  Breakfast served Fri-Sun only!
I love this place, and love that it's local. A tofu factory in this vicinity is odd, but awesome. I don't use tofu a whole lot, but I love getting tofu fa (tofu dessert) from here. It's silky,fresh, and cheap. What's better than that? I saw that they sold breakfast on weekends, and happened to pass by yesterday. So I decided to try something. When I walked in there was a little line. To my surprise, the rice noodles were made to order. I've never seen that before and thought that was super awesome. The lady infront of me had 6 orders, and the equipment they had makes 3 orders at a time, so it was a little bit of a wait. When it was finally my turn, I opted for the dried shrimp rice noodle, and also ordered a small tofu fa (no need to wait for this one). In a few minutes my noodles were ready and I was on my way. Never had made to order rice noodles before, so I was very excited to try it. It was good, but honestly a little too mushy for me. Either way, I have nothing bad to say about this place. If you need tofu and soy products, this is the place to get it at. They have soy milk (Chinese style), tofu, tofu dessert, bean sprouts, rice noodles, flat noodles, etc. It's not gonna be fresher or cheaper anywhere else!
I love that everything is made fresh here. I got the tofu fah and soy milk and it was still piping hot ! 2 large tofu fah, 1 large sweet soy milk (not too sweet), and 2 small packs of noodles $8.80. It's better than going into chinatown or the now overcrowded flushing!
Dried shrimp rice noodles slathered with peanut sauce is the way to go.  That is only available in the weekends.
For those that live in Elmhurst and like tofu or Chinese rice crepe noodles (chow fun) this place is a real gem. It really is as good as it gets because you have the gates to the Tofu supplier here...Any tofu product you've ever had outside in Chinatown or Flushing gets their goods from tofu makers such as this except you can just walk in here and get it fresh.You can get some crepe noodles for literally $2 and its quite a bit or any type of tofu from dried tofu skins to actual tofu to the dessert style tofu which the sweet honey based syrup. Nothing Ive seen there is ever more than a couple of dollars and I dont think a single item is more than $5. There is a small little cardboard cutout on top the register when you come in so you can look at it for prices. People generally speak Chinese here but they will oblige to speak in English but their linguistic capacity for it is limited.Tofu Paradise!
Only had the rice crepes and tofu custard from this place. Both were delicious. The rice crepes are made to order and after adding the hoisin, soy sauce and peanut sauce it was perfection. The tofu custard was silky and satisfying. Be prepared to wait a bit for the rice crepes to be made and it might take a little patience to order if you are not a native speaker but its well worth it.
Where do I even start... I'd give 0 stars if possible. As soon as I walked in, I thought the place was a bit weird. It looked dirty and disgusting, with the idiot son who apparently can't remember prices or calculate, getting screamed at by his dad. The churn fun machine looked really dirty and the containers they used to keep the uncooked food looked even dirtier. But I proceeded to order food since the place had high ratings. I ended up deciding to get a large order of the churn fun with fish ball. Next thing u know, they bring out a pack of premade churn fun in a ziplock bag and heated it up. But of course, things only got worse. They gave me a total of 7 fish balls for a quarter pound of churn fun and all the sauces were extremely watered down to point where the peanut sauce was pure liquid. But it doesn't end there! After walking out, I noticed a few streaks of dirt running down my pants from touching the walls. This place is horrible, don't believe the reviews! BTW the place had no inspection sticker and I don't even think it's legal, I am about to contact the authorities because this place is so bad.
My boyfriend and I stopped by Sunday to pick up a few containers of sweet tofu.  At first glance, I was thinking this looked like the back entrance to the kitchen since everything was so messy and open.  No one really walks into the building, you just order at the doorway.However, there was a line of customers waiting to be served, so fears begone!The sweet tofu was soo good, I am a big fan of the dessert in general, but never get to have it outside of dim sum.  The ginger syrup added just the right amount of sweetness, and the tofu was soft.  I hear everything is made in house, so I thought that was really nice as well! :DWill definitely come back!!!  :)  P.S. Bring Cash.
Love this place! The freshest tofu-fa I've ever had. Not to mention the cheapest. I come here probably once a week to pick up tofu-fa and it never disappoints. I tried their churng fun last weekend and it was very fresh! Be prepared to wait at least 10 minutes even if there is no line because they make them to order. It's worth it!
Their dofu, soy bean milk and sweet do-hua is so amazingly good! Very authentic and cheap price!! It's not a restaurant but more like a family own factory, try it and you would love it!
Excellent products, great quality and so fresh. Everything is made on the premises. They sell to most of the asian markets. Very limited product line but if they make it, it is top quality. The price is almost half what you would pay in the market for the same product.
