Come on guys are you serious !!!4 and a half star rating ( really ? )Food is tooo sweet. Nothing close to being authentic at all. Its like the secret of there curry is ketchup and cream. Service needs a major tune up ( like alot )The dude brings out food in one hand and another he had a plastic bag. Please have some class. Your biryani sucks ( sorry ) Good luck !
my parents and I are fully satisfied with all the menu we had. We cleaned every dishes. The atmosphere of this place is pretty good too. Also price is reasonable. We started with 'Samosa chaat' as appetizer. Very well seasoned - not too salty and not too sweet. 'Lamb korma' is rich in lamb flavor. 'Tandoori lobster' has a large amount of lobster. 'Garlic naan' is warm, buttery and flavorful. 'Gulag jamun'(dessert) is an open item which isnt on the menu. Its like dounuts dipped in sweet sauce. Soft, fruity and sweet!
This is a pretty good option for Vegetarian. I ordered Veg Thali, and they accommodated the request to switch items with other options on the menu. Food was good and fresh. I liked the place.definitely recommended
Went here with my co-workers. They over charged us 20% which we suspect was a service charge (based on another reviewers post), but they did not notate ANYWHERE that there was a service charge for large parties. It was not written anywhere that there was a service charge included. We accidentally ended up tipping another 20% on top and didn't notice until after leaving.Re the food: if you are looking for spicy Indian food, this is not the place. This good is Bombay style and the taste is made sweeter for westerners. Food was good since it wasn't very spicy, but imo, not authentic.Not very happy with the service charge.
We had a poor meal and a poorer service. Had to ask 3 times for napkins and twicw for water. We order a veg and a non veg thali - the items had no flavors. The shami kabab was hard as an egg, the chettinad chicken had no spices and saag lamb looked out of place. Will not recommend to anyone looking for a good Indian food.
This is one of the very good indian restaurants I have been to. I have loved this place so much. Each and every item ordered was carefully prepared and served pleasantly. Appetizers to desserts all are very good. Definitely recommend going again and again.
I had dinner here one night . The food lacked flavour! I had higher expectations based on other Yelp reviews. Will not go back .
Don't understand the 4 star reviews for this place? One thought comes to mind is, maybe its reviewed by people who never had a decent Indian Food in their life.We ordered:Chicken Tikka Masala: Tasted like tomato sauce. Really, it was fresh out of the can.Vegetable Jalfrazi: Whole big chunks of vegetable with the same tomato sauce. Probably from same can.Service Charge of 20% for a party of 3 added by default. Save your appetite and $$$ and go to Benaras instead, which is on same street.
This review is solely for takeout. I was craving Indian food after work and stumbled upon this place. Ordered my usual samosa, garlic naan, and decided to try something other than chicken tikka masala and decided upon chicken pista korma. Everything was DELICIOUS. Pick-up time was quick and painless. Anyone I interacted with was very courteous. Will 100% go there whenever my Indian craving hits from now on. -Vicki
Food not so good, ambience was nothing great, too. Had paneer tikka masala and was too​ sweet despite being told it's a spicy dish. Will never go back there again given there are many more Indian restaurants to go to in Manhattan.1 additional Star only for the good service.
Probably the best Indian I've ever had and with fantastic, friendly service.
Had a late night craving for Indian food and found this gem! I was going to order online but called the restaurant with a question and the man who answered was the friendliest and most helpful person! He patiently told me the specials and helped me decide on an appetizer. As if that weren't enough, the food arrived promptly and was delicious. I ordered the chicken Marsala delivery special and it came with naan and an appetizer. The entire meal was perfectly prepared and the naan was the best I've ever had. Highly recommended!
I know something about Indian cuisine ... And this place left me a little sour... Are there on a Friday ... Busy but attentive staff ... But the food rush of plates and then quick pick up appeared to favor the next diners ... That is, they do not allow you to enjoy the meal and talk with friends if they are out to moved the food before the week end ... The food was hit or miss
Don't let all of the vowels throw you offThis place is pretty top notch. One huge suggestion if you dine here - you must have the shrimp curry!!!! The restaurant is somewhat new but it is coming into it's own. For example (as of Oct 2016), the restaurant did not have its liquor license, so you can only get wine and beer. Unfortunately, my pinot noir tasted a bit vinegary. However, there is a nice selection of Indian and nonIndian bottled beers. The interior is somewhat cold, aesthetically, but the food and service make up for it. The food is very tasty (at least my dish) -nice flavors, a decent kick of spice (but not too spicy) and a generous serving of shrimp. Oh and the shrimp appetizer was amazing. Our server was really professional and great at helping our large party decide what to eat. Would I go out of my way to eat here? Probably not, with all of the Indian restaurants in the city. However, if I am in the area and craving Indian food, this place will be on the top of my list.
Definitely one of the good indian food I have had in Manhattan Paneer curry was really awesome not too sweet not too spicy just the perfect taste.Service was really good and quick didnt had to wait hours before getting our food.Defiantly visiting this place again.
Went on a lunch date here after the people at Barleycorn ignored us (why does this keep happening?) and let me say, i am so glad we did!Customer service is impecable, its surprisingly  quiet around lunch, so great for a midday catch-up, and the food is bomb (they have a prefixe lunch menu FTW). For starters, I had the chicken kabob and my date had the lamb. The green sauce that comes with it is really good. It has cilantro in it and i hate cilantro so that says alot! Then came the entrée, I had the chicken Tikka marsala and he had the fish and rice. He cleaned the plate it was so good, I was sad I got full so fast. The little mango-yogurt drink is cute, thick but tasty.... however, that mango rice pudding dessert they can keep it. I didn't like the texture because it reminded me too much of cold, lumpy, sugar grits.#sorryiaintsorry Everything else though was AMAZING! Just next time, I know to try a different dessert.
Very welcome addition to Financial District where it was previously quite difficult to find good Indian cuisine. By far my favorite Indian restaurant in the area. So many of their dishes are delicious. The saag with chickpeas, corn and paneer is one of the best restaurant saags (spinach) that I have had. The vegetable jalfrezi and paalak chaat are also great.One of the best things about Aahar is that the food doesn't feel quite as heavy it does at too many Indian spots. They really put flavor first over richness, reminiscent of good home food I'd have when celebrating a festival rather than dense restaurant food. Great overall!
I got the chicken tikka and daal from here. I was pleasantly surprised with the spice level. It's almost like these days in Manhattan you can no longer find food with heat, despite requesting it. So finding a place that balances flavor with heat is just great.I like the daal but wasn't too fond of the tikka. The chicken seemed a little dry and the portion was really small :(
Delicious food here, we sampled the lunch special and veg biryani. My wife's biryani was yummy fresh and the only complaint was whole cloves and cardamom in my malai kofta. Will definitely stop by again wen in the area,
The food is great! I'm trying to expand my 'Indian palette" and these guys are helping me. Great taste. Great options. Great staff. I'll be a regular.
Delicious and authentic Indian in a cozy, friendly atmosphere. I had the server pick my dishes and his recommendations were on point! Will definitely go back and bring friends :) Also, they served a surprise dessert at the end of the meal, free of charge! #freedessertisthebestdessert
Excellent samosas, excellent service. You can tell they are trying hard to be in top of everything. Management is doing a great job after only 3 months in business. Nice atmosphere, great service. Comfortable seating with classy place settings. Highly recommended.
Food is delicious! Lunch special is outstanding, especially in TriBeCa. Love the Chicken Tikka, Palak Shat, rice with Garlic Naan and dessert - can't beat it! Delivery and pick-up both always on point. I love this place!
Went to Aahar for the first time tonight. My son Kyle (12) and I were somewhat apprehensive as we were the only guests in the entire restaurant at 8pm. The waiters alleviated that rapidly with their hospitality as well as the lovely atmosphere. We took a casual look at the menu and ordered the seekh kabab (minced lamb on skewer), bhel puri chat (puffed rice, gram flour vermicelli  chutney), chicken samosas, poori  lamb saag. All to share. We enjoyed every dish quite a bit. The only issues I had was the filling of the samosa was a bit dry  crumbly when split open and the lamb saag had a couple pieces that were too fatty for my taste. The bhel puri chat appetizer was excellent  my favorite appetizer by a wide margin. Overall a terrific experience that we will repeat! We're happy to have Aahar as a fine dining addition to our neighborhood.
YUM!Never eaten in ~ got delivery and the Yelp app can schedule a time you are home to deliver later.  The food was pipping hot for all of us.The adjustable spices are great to fulfill everyone's taste bud.There seems to be very little sugar in the sauce, I did not get that food coma crash.Can't wait to order from them again!
By far the best Indian food experience we've had in NYC. The $14 prix fixe meal is too good to be true. The flavors are spot on and the portions are generous. We were almost too full to eat the dessert that comes with it at the end. Service is welcoming and attentive. Come see Pujin. And he will surely take good care of you. He was quick and efficient at keeping the table clean and water filled. This is some of the best service you can get around here, especially for the price of the food!
This place had great service and good food. What they were missing was a drink menu but other than that we enjoyed our time here and we enjoyed our dishes. The wait staff was very attentive and the manager/owner (I think) was very accommodating after we told them it was a bit cold. They turned up the heat for us which was so nice. Most establishments only care about how much money they would be paying towards their heating bill so it was refreshing to hear this place wanted to ensure we were comfortable during dinner. For those reasons I would recommend this restaurant to my friends.
Will NEVER go here again!1)Our friend had arrived before us and ordered one dish. They kept then bugging us once we get there to place an order immediately. Finally had to ask them to let us decide.2)Once we got the food. It was not good at all. This place has changed significantly from 6 months ago. The food was more authentic in the beginning and now had become another Americanized indian food place. Too much oil mixed in the sauce and they didn't even ask us how spicy we wanted it. We had ordered two different thalis and they were not served at all as traditional thalis and were overpriced.3)One of my friends got sick after this meal and is still sick two days later. Beware of their quality as well.
walking through Tribeca on an extremely cold winter night after a mentoring session at Stuy ended, I wound up having dinner at Aahar.first off, while I rarely order soup, I was desperately in need of something to warm up, and the delicious chicken mulligatawny soup did a great job. great portion size too.and while it's not really adventurous to order lamb vindaloo, I like to judge ethnic restaurants based on my standby choices. this was a solid choice, as the lamb was perfectly tender and really packed a punch in terms of heat profile. wew lad! those who know me well understand that I like my food like I like my memes - SPICY!pricing was good and the service was attentive but not hovering. the decor was also quite nice. despite the fact that I stuck to staple Indian restaurant menu choices, I'm confident that there shall be return trips to continue exploring the menu.
This review is based on a first time visit. I had the price fixed menu. Vegetable Samosa, Chicken Tikka Masla, Naan, and white chocolate cheese dessert. Had a yogurt with salt drink on the side. It wasn't busy and the restaurant wasn't less than half occupied.First impression: it's really spacious in here. Is there a host? Do we sit ourselves? How does this work? The cashier referred me to a waiter who gave me a seat.Staff: professional, friendly, hard working, and attentive.(Appetizer) Vegetable Samosa: came straight from the freezer into the microwave. Bland and could taste the freezer burn.(Entree) Chicken Tikka Masla: there was an approximate 10 minute wait in between the appetizer. The food came out with the Naan in 4 separate plates.  1 for the rice, 1 for the chicken Tikka Masla, 1 big plate to eat off (empty), and 1 for the Naan with a separate sauce cup. Their was ample rice but not alot of chicken Tikka Masla. The flavor of the Masla was deliciously sweet and strong so the small portion was justified. Definitely would recommend in small doses.Naan: soft and chewy. I loved whatever they did with this bread. Even if it was microwaved it was really good.Yogurt with salt: gross. Absolutely disgusting. If you don't like plain yogurt then it is painful.Cheese with white chocolate: not my cup of tea.Overall: the food was overpriced but the portions were big. Don't be deceived, the dishes are really big so the food portion looks small but really isnt.
Good food, reasonably priced, fast service
I have eaten here a few times and it was amazing but then last week I ordered the chicken tikka masala and I got horrific food poisoning, which last 3 days!  Unfortunately will not be going back.
Pretty good, considering there's almost no competition in the Indian food space. Relatively cheap ~$10 for a meat, rice and veggie. Portions are a bit small (especially considering $10 can get you am Indian buffet in other parts of the country). Chicken Tikka Masala was flavorful and the spinach mush (sorry don't know name) was a bit spicy. Will come back, even though it's a hike and options are somewhat limited for lunch.
We got the papri chat for appetizers. That was good but nothing phenomenal. I had the paneer tikka masala for mains, which was well made, wasn't too greasy and had good amount of paneer. My wife had the karwari shrimp, she said it was good but nothing extraordinary. We had the white chocolate rasamalai for dessert. It wasn't very good and should've probably skipped it. The service was phenomenal. We had extremely attentive servers. Overall- food 3 stars and the service adds 1 star.
A wonderful find and highly recommended!! The food was delicious, better than the other Indian restaurant. We ordered Chana Pindi, Naan which came along with the bowl of rice. Great experience. Not expensive. Everything was well seasoned. The service was phenomenal. Staff was quite friendly.
Nice place, great service and good service. We had vegetables Thali and it was excellent. We have been at this place more than 3 times and food is great.
Wonderful food with some unique dishes on the menu.  The service was good and the food was even better.  We got a little worried when we got there and the restaurant was empty, but within an hour it was packed.  My two favorites were the Chicken Cafreal and Chicken Pista Korma.
Had the Prix Fixe lunch menu, $14 - Amazing food.Really tasty Shami Kabab appetizer, fish curry was really tasty too! The portions are quite good. They also give you lassi at the beginning and desert at the end!! Great customer service!! Our server Pujan was amazing guy and made us feel at home.Overall great experience.
I have written a dine-in review previously, but this is a review for their delivery service.Timing:Delivery was fast and prompt. The expected delivery time was 6:45-6:55, and the courier arrived at 6:35. The quick delivery insured that my food was also still hot. I prefer hot food and as a result, I am highly impressed. The courier also actually brought my food to my apartment. Most couriers make me go downstairs to the lobby.Food:Once again, the Garlic Naan is delicious. Today, I ordered to Lamb Vindaloo which again, is as wonderful as I remember. I also ordered the Palak Paneer with Chickpeas and Corn. In the special request, I requested only palak, no chickpeas and corn, which the restaurant did not fulfill. One star was taken off as a result. However, both entrees were spicy, which I did request, and the restaurant did fulfill. I also ordered the pomegranate lassi and the mango lassi. Both are amazing, and I highly recommend them. The pomegranate lassi, however, tastes less pomegranate-y than the mango lassi tastes mango-y, just so people know.Quality and Size:The quality is great. Everything was fresh, and the portions are quite generous. The food itself doesn't seem like a lot, but everything is very filling. I obviously ordered more than one person can finish, but truly, only one entree would have been enough. I just happen to love food, and I wanted vegetables along with my meat entree. One thing that could be improved is to add more paneer to the Palak Paneer dish; it's slightly lacking.I will likely be ordering again, and I highly recommend this restaurant for all your Indian food cravings.
Came here for lunch today.Service was slow. Chicken tikka wasn't made with white meat chicken which was disappointing. Food doesn't taste like traditional Indian food. Service was good from the waiters but the other guys dressed in colored shirts (looks like owner or manager) just stared and looked angry.I would suggest going to Benares which has the best tasting Indian food in the financial district.
Highly recommended. This is a very nice restaurant with friendly service. So this is one of the best Indian restaurants in the area. The food is very well presented, for reasonable prices. We also ordered an Indian beer (they're something like 16oz). would be a decent pick for a date night!
New Indian restaurant that opened by the WTC area.  I came here for lunch today as it is one of the participating restaurants under "Meal Pass".  I was apprehensive considering the 5 stars ( sounded too good to be true) on Yelp but was pleasantly surprised! The restaurant has a great atmosphere considering you can hold a conversation without excessively loud music in the background.  The place is extremely clean, noticeable from the moment you walk in to the buffet from where the lunch specials are served. The staff is very friendly and accommodating (my meal was pre-selected however, the server offered me other choices of equal value) and even allowed for me to eat-in as oppose to taking my lunch to go which is what meal pass is.I had the Chicken Marsala with Rice/peas and the Paneer.  The food tasted delicious but would have rated it a 5 stars had the paneer had more cheese and would have been served a little warmer.After the closing of Baluchis near TriBeCa, I am excited for this comparable Indian restaurant to have opened even closer to my job. The server was very friendly and although I did not order from him, he checked in often and served me the seltzer I ordered at the counter in a glass once I sat on the table.
This Indian restaurant was very nice and the food was really great. We ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was mouth watering. The basmati  rice was fresh as well.  The serving size is perfect and you may have left overs to enjoy later.  The service was extremely nice and attentive. Glad we found this place to have dinner.
Finally an authentic traditional Indian place in Manhattan. Move away the brush swoop nouveau cuisine or Spanish inspired Indian tapas -Pros:Taste (daal, biryani, thaali, chicken Chettinad)Delivers to FiDiCons:None
Loved the tandoori grilled vegetable appetizer. Ordered the chicken tikka masala and baingan bharta which were very good, but nothing too special. Service was great. Good experience overall.
This place is awesome. Delicious and fresh ingredients, friendly staff. I got the $14 lunch special and was worried it would be too much food. Nope... perfect potions. My new Friday spot!
Excellent tasty perfectly cooked tandoori chicken. Nice portion of raita and the breads and rice are delicious. Cannot figure out why it isn't filled for dinner. Maybe the proliferation of "bar" bars attracts more people but they would be wise to have a few drinks and then repair to this place to satisfy hunger and a taste of something a bit spicier (in flavor).  Will be back for more since my local Indian place went downhill. They need a happy hour with snacks/drinks to get people in the door like the rest of the joints in the block!
It was one of the best experience in terms of food and customer service. Vinod Shinde - the server was really kind in serving and suggesting the best restaurant. Anyone interested in trying authentic food please visit here. It is a very large space with big heart while serving the quantity of food. the prices are also really down as compared to places like Ruchi or others around One World Observatory. Its a must go place to have Indian food while you are in New York. All the best!
Nice place, friendly people. However the food amount is too tiny. I ordered lamb vindaloo, lots of vegetables and sauce but very little lamb. Totally doesn't make sense that it has such a high review on yelp.
The place was freezing we had to ask them to turn the heater on (in December) and still was cold. The food was not bad, the vegetable Samosa was good but the chicken biriani was too spicy.
I m surprised to read so many people raving about the food. I have been here twice and I didn't find anything great in the quality of food served. The white chocolate rasmalai was as hard as a rock !The prices are also okay. I am regular at benaras and wanted to try the food at aahar for change. People who are going nuts over the food here haven't tried the food at Benares I guess!
Service and every dish are beyond reproach.  This was the best Indian meal I've had in Manhattan, hands down!
I came here with my wife and son for a New Years Eve dinner. It was a great experience overall. We had the asparagus vadi, the aloo gobi, and the paneer tikka masala, which was especially excellent. The garlic naan was also delicious. The service was also good, and the only reason that I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the decor felt a little underwhelming.On the whole, it was a nice dinner and I'll definitely return.
** A WONDERFUL FIND - CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK **Some friends took me here last weekend - they were visiting from out of town and we were looking for something to eat near their hotel. We found it randomly on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Everything was great, the food, the service, everything. I am vegan, so I had the aloo matar gobi, a green salad and some asparagus vadi. It was all amazing, especially the salad! Everything was so fresh. My friends had a chicken dish, some cheese in tomato sauce and samosas and they said it was all excellent. The restaurant was pretty and clean and the servers were attentive and polite - and understanding of the fact that we had two little kids with us!I would definitely recommend and I will look forward to going back.
Truly a fantastic place and one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to outside of India. The food feels like real home cooking without all the oil and heaviness you usually associate with Indian cuisine. They have a great selection of chaat- street food. They also have all the traditional dishes and a great selection of both veg and non-veg options. I came here with a group of coworkers who absolutely loved everything.Pricing was also a bargain.Come here before it becomes too busy!
It was the second day of Summer and Grand Opening an I was hungry so I made a diversion when I was handed a handbill. I passed on what looked like a solid buffet and choose a 14 dollar prefix that was VERY generous with many options. Chicken Malai Kebob Appetizer/ Entree of Fish Karavari  was excellent and the garlic naan was outstanding. They had a dessert I could not finish. It's a lot of food for 14 dollars and an attentive and friendly staff. Try it out!
Stopped in for lunch yesterday.  Wow!  What a great spot.  The decor is gorgeous, bravo to the designer.  The service was impeccable, friendly and prompt.  The food was fantastic.  The quality was evident, the portions generous, the taste was flavorful and truly delicious.  The mango lassi was out of this world on a hot summers day.  Congratulations, this place has raised the bar.  We will be back.
The food here is AMAZING. Everything is well seasoned and savory. The decor is great, with an open floor plan and high ceilings. The hanging lights are a nice touch and the big window lets in a lot of natural light as well. The staff are impeccable. They are very attentive and ask how you are enjoying your meal at good intervals. This is my go to Indian place from now on!
Brand new Indian cusine in downtown Manhattan !! I always like to check new places !! This one is interesting.  Amazing ambiance and high ceiling !! Dal and entree Paneer and Bhindi masala is out of the world !! The desert is too die for !! The white chocolate Ras Malai !!
It was unexpectedly good!  The chicken tikka was outstanding.  I'm officially out of the food box!  Lol!!
I have been here twice and I have to say this is one of the better Indian restaurants I've been to. The food is very good. I had chai and shakahari thali, and my fiancé had the prix mix option. It was all very good.The service is also very very good. It was a bit loud when we got there, with a bunch of kids in the tables next to us. The server offered to re-seat us without even asking, which was very considerate. They mixed up our order a tiny bit and got us a plain naan instead of a garlic naan, but they promptly got us the garlic naan when we pointed that out.One thing bigger groups may want to confirm is that whether the rice comes with each entree or does it come with the table. Portions are good though. Overall, food is pretty delicious and service is good. Highly recommended!
My favorite northern Indian restaurant in the city. The food is delicious. I normally go and order the eggplant, cauliflower and dal. The flavors are all very authentic. The portions are also very generous. I always have enough for lunch the following day. I liked this place so much I had my wedding rehearsal dinner here night before my wedding. The staff is accommodating and the prices are very reasonable.
A nice casual place for really good Indian food. Not too pricey (the lunch special has good portions), and very attentive staff. Would totally recommend.
Extremely attentive service. Their lunch deal is UNBEATABLE - mango lassi, appetizer, chicken tikka, rice, naan, and dessert for just $14!!!
Great and quick service; with servers who seem to like their jobTheir chaat is pretty authentic; the lunch prix fixe menu is good value for money. The only suggestion for the chefs would be about their pulao needing some extra effort (aromatic spice wise). Curries and breads were good
They saved my life. Lamb vindaloo is delicious and spicy. Just really well done, great atmosphere, and strangely NOT overpriced despite being in financial district :)
I loved the service. The rice was excellent. Out of the two appetizers we ordered, one was shamikebab. It was like a rare medium burger, reeking of lamb. I couldn't take two bites. They probably don't know what shami means, let alone how it is made.The lamb with spinach was also very hard. The meat should be tender in any Indian recipe.The chicken dishes were good.Excellent service plus they gave complimentary dessert, which was delicious.
The food here is absolutely fantastic as well service to boot. I never liked papadam growing up and their complementary ones made me fan. The palak paneer and garlic naan was amazing.
Had an extremely good experience here. Casual but at the same time very clean and nice decor. Server was very polite and attentive; even when he got slammed he still made sure our table was taken care of. The food was very very good. Reasonably priced and a perfect mix of authentic and American influenced Indian cuisine. There are milder, familiar dishes for the uninitiated as well as more 'advanced' fare for those who really love Indian food. Will come back!
Best indian food I've ever had. Polite and kind waitresses. Didnt wait long for the food. Well taken care of. Cosy and nice restaurant. Clean toilets. Great experience. Top notch! Not too expensive either. Also seemed to be a lot of indians who ate there - which I usually take as a sign that the food is authentic. Def recommend it, and I'm def going back!
That lunch special is a steal! Try picking up leftover sauce with that garlic naan. Mm, garlic naan
I was in town for work and taking food back to my hotel. I stopped in here to get chicken tikka masala and samosas.. while I was waiting the very friendly waitstaff brought me a complementary mango lasse and in ALL SERIOUSNESS it was one of the best things I had ever tasted. It was SO GOOD I could have had a gallon of it to go. The tikka was really tasty, rice was perfect, samosas are good but big! Order to share.
Very friendly staff that was helpful and explained everything about their appetizers and main dishes we wanted to know. All servants had good humor and made us laugh, we felt warmly welcomed here. Affordable prices, lunch hours were fairly cheap and the food was delicious and authentic, served neither too hot or too cold. Little details such as the look made everything even more appealing. Nice atmosphere with chill music, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in or visiting New York City.
We ordered the 2 thali one veg and one non vegStarters :- I will give 5 * both veg and chicken Main course:- The portion is very generous and good You can  order 2 thalis and order extra breads and feed 5 people easily.Food is good and bland from Indian stand point but it's GOOD I will give 5 * from service , great guys , will ensure you have a great meal and leave happy ~~ keep up the amazing job!
I really wanted to like this place.  So I ordered the lunch special for $14.  I had the chicken kabab with Tikka Masala and Roti.  The rice tasted old and the portions were small.  In my opinion their are better places in the same immediate area with way better tasting food and larger portion lunch specials.
The most Americanized Indian food I have ever eaten. I got the $14 lunch special which included a samosa, roti, tiny lassi, rice and Tikka Masala. Not impressed with the samosa and masala was not good at all. It was too sweet and also tasted like mayonnaise. The sweetness level would compare to the lassi. The four pieces of chicken in it was a good texture..pretty soft. But the sauce UGH.
Excellent lunch special - one course after another - filling, flavorful, and great variety for a very good price. Very friendly staff.
Everything was delicious, service was attentive, atmosphere is clean and attractive, music added to the atmosphere. I highly recommend.
Came to the city just to visit. We were hungry so I went on yelp to find the nearest place to eat. I was in the mood for Indian cuisine for a long time. This place was a pleasant surprise. The staff was courteous and helpful when we asked questions  about the menu. The food was delicious! We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
Food here was excellent liked samsoa and mango lassi very. Even aloo Gobi matar was good
My wife and I had lunch here on a weekday and were impressed with the upscale interior, attentive and professional staff and the delicious food. We appreciated the ability to have an affordable meal in an attractive setting. Great sit down lunch or dinner spot. Try the Prix Fix. We will definitely be back!
Great choice of vegetarian dishes. I had the lunch serving
I came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night and it's officially my favorite Indian place in the city. I ordered vegetarian samosas for the appetizer and they were phenomenal. For our main course, we shared lamb vindaloo, lamb saac, basmati rice and garlic naan. All were fresh and savory.  Massive wonderful dinner with drinks for about $35 per person. I'm definitely coming back
Really liked this place. The $14 pre-fixe was perfect for lunch. Delicious, scrumptious and I really enjoyed everything they brought out. The decor is very nice, the staff is very attentive. The food is perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend!
Well Well Well. Based on the rating on yelp we went there to eat. We ordered Malai Kabab, Chicken TIkka, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tadka Daal, Garlic Naan, Regular Naan and Mango Lassi. Malai Kababs are ok on the taste but very hard. Chicken Tikka was missing spices, Chicken Tikka Masala was so sweet it tasted like a hot mango lassi (lol) Naans were under cooked however Tadka daal was ok. Service was slow. I am sure New York has better options than this place.
Wait staff is extremely attentive. The service is prompt. The food was solid quality and on par for authentic. It's a little too dark to read a menu but quant. Presentation of food is excellent.
We had chicken biriyani.. onion kulcha .. and chicken chettinad... awsome and best combination... the desert.. mango phirni which is my fav.. is the best i had in united states... :) worth it...
Took over an hour to deliver after time range was 45-60mins. Food was mediocre. Wouldn't order again.
Working late and ordered delivery direct. I went bespoke and ordered a chicken vindaloo with naan. It was very tasty indeed. Will order again I am sure some time.
Amazing!!! Excellent service, very friendly and attentive staff, beautiful decor, and the food is to die for. I found my favorite Indian restaurant in the city, 10/10 would recommend.
Best Indian food I've ever had. Came here for the first time and instantly began eating here 3x a week. The portions are huge and I often end up eating my lunch for dinner. The staff is extremely courteous and I have nothing bad to say! You would almost be insane to work in this area, read this review, and not try them out as soon as possible!
Great lunch special monday-friday! The vegetarian dishes, especially the eggplant are excellent! Elegant dining room and usually not overly crowded or noisy which is great when you're on your lunch hour.
Great new spot to have a delicious, health-aware Indian meal! Can't wait to come back with friends.Food (delicious and filling) - My friend and I dropped by this spot for dinner last week and had a great meal. We ordered chapdi and shared the nom-veg thali as our main. Our waiter explained to us the restaurant owner's wife is health-conscious so the chapdi is baked in the oven rather than fried in butter, which was great. Some of the curry is made with milk instead of cream, and so on. It's so great and you can't taste the difference in flavor. The tamarind and sweet chutneys that it came with were both really excellent. Then came the thali, which was a ton of food and more than enough for my friend and I to share. It came with grilled chicken, an AMAZING lamb dish, daal, chicken curry, rice, and naan. Talk about a ton of food! Each dish was fresh and made to order and the lamb was actually soft and had a really mild flavor to it. We had the white chocolate rasmalai for dessert and my friend who usually doesn't like overly sweet deserts really enjoyed this dish. The flavor was light and not overly sweet. Prices (fantastic deal) - Thank goodness we asked our waiter how big the Thali was or we would've ended up with a couple boxes to take home. The restaurant decor, service, and food feel like $$$ but the prices are $-$$. Truly great value.Service (friendly and welcoming) - Our waiter was really nice and talked to us about how the restaurant has just been open for three weeks. The staff were all very attentive and helped us out by explaining how to eat some of the food when we were unfamiliar with it, and also in serving the food on our plates. This is a highly recommend spot for anyone looking to have an awesome Indian meal at a very good price in a nice sit-down spot. Will definitely be back soon!
Aahar is one of the best Indian restaurants that I have ever been to. Its kebabs were juicy, spicy and all together great. I couldn't get enough of the samosas there either! I didn't have a chance to get a lassi but I know they're amazing as well. The bread (pouri) was great to wash down the spice of the kebab sauce with its mint and garlic kick and the samosa sauce was sweet and delicious! Eventually this restaurant will become one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC if it isn't right now. I think this is a beautiful restaurant that will win a multitude of awards. Aahar has definitely earned these 5 stars.
Hands down best Indian food in town. Awesome service and great lunch special carry out or dine in. Classy atmosphere!
nothing special, and not very comforted by the lack of hand towels in b-room.  the tikka masala was way to sweet
Started with chicken samosas which were amazing! My husband had the Taj Mahal beer which was a nice light lager, I had the Sauvignon Blanc wine which was light and fruity. The lamb vindaloo fell apart in your mouth, the heat builds so be careful. The chicken tiki masala was delicious. Paired with fresh made naan the meal was one of the best we've ever had. Service was exceptional. Wish we didn't live 3k miles away, we would be regulars.
Smelled their food from a block away! Needed Samosa and tandoori chicken asap! Service is excellent! Friendly, courteous! Food is delicious! Fresh! Samosa is not oily!
Good was wonderful. Best Indian food I ever had. Service was great and the owner came over to visit me and talked. So delightful!  Try this place tonight!  Also for lunch. 10 dollars and you get a lot.
Great lunch curry. Very good service and solid good food. I'll be back!
Decent Indian food at fair prices just a few blocks off the one world trade center, that's Aahar for you!
Excellent food, good value and very nice staff. The restaurant is beautiful, I'm looking forward to my next visit.
Stopped in for dinner with my family after visiting the 9-11 memorial.  Yellow dal, aloo gobi, chicken korma, veggie samosas, garlic nan, rice.  Fabulous food!!  Attentive service, nice spacious room.  Highly recommended!
Service was quick and excellent. Food, on the other hand, was okay. The pakora in the Kadhi was undercooked, and chola was too tangy.
Great service  comfortable seating. The prefix meal felt similar to Benars Indian resturant which is few blocks away from the Aahar. It would have been good if there was Paneer options on the prefix menu. Food was good and tasty. Liked the desert. Blessed to have one more nice Indian resturant blocks away from work place. Definitely will come back.
Have ordered delivery from here a few times and everything was delicious, like really everything. They have an extensive menu with pretty much anything you would expect from any Indian restaurant. I have always stuck to the traditional dishes but have been exploring their "chaat" selections. Nothing has disappointed yet. I recently walked by and noticed how lovely the place is.  We will definitely be dining at the restaurant sometime soon.
Incredible food. Would 10/10 recommend! I ordered the chicken tiki masala and it was delicious. The garlic naan bread is so good too we ordered a second round! Too bad they don't have this back in MD.
Excellent food and very nice service... dal and paneer burji were spot on! white chocolate rasmalai is a must try. The only thing we hated here was the tragic-sounding Bollywood movie songs back from the '90s ... almost gave me a headache :/Nevertheless, I'd highly recommend visiting this place if you are in the area + looking for good Indian food.
I came across this place on Yelp and was glad to find one more fine dine in FiDiThe food is worth the cost and the ambience is good too. The staff is well mannered and friendly.Definitely worth visiting to satisfy your Indian cuisine crave Another place added in the list!
This hard to find gem is well worth it for some of the best Indian. Excellent lunch deals with includes an appetizer, entree, choice of Naan, a Mango Lassi and Desert! All for $14. Staff is very friendly and professional. It's new with plenty of sit down space. Food is yummy! I wanted my chicken spicy and they delivered!
It's a great new place. I've visited a couple of times already, both lunch and dinner. The paneer tikka masala, baingan bharta and paneer bhurji were really delicious. The service is great, very friendly and attentive, and they keep their bathroom super clean.
Food was good I order chicken tikka masala it was great I never had before like that service was very friendly Vinod and gopal and Rohan was very friendly with us we will back
Nice chats (appetizers) and desserts. Food is good too, mildly spicy. The servers were very polite and helpful in selecting the best dishes to order. Will definitely visit again.
I found this place on Yelp and it was some of the best Indian food I have ever had. Everyone was extremely friendly and the service was great. I will definitely come back next time I'm in NYC
Delicious food and generous portions. Malai chicken kabab and chicken tikka are awesome. Dum aloo and okra are my favorite in vegetarian. Garlic nan has a lot of garlic which is great. Service is nice and prompt.
I admittedly wasn't a huge Indian fan. But holy crap. This food was stellar. Just delicious. The naan was perfect and the masala and vindaloo was perfectly seasoned. Great Indian food.
Very great place for vegan diet. I asked for vegetarian biryani and nan without butter. Awesome taste and high quality. The waiters were also respectful.
This is a newly established restaurant so the staff was extremely attentive to our tables needs and served us promptly! The naan was fresh and fluffy, LOVE! The chicken tikka masala was one of the best I've eaten in a while. They were nice enough to give us dessert on the house, as well! Very kind people :)
Great food. Great service. Great ambience. No complaints!Food was as authentic as it might get. Will recommend 10/10
Just came here for the first time for dinner. I ordered a sweet lassi and it was delicious. I could taste all of the spices and it was the perfect consistency; not too watery and not too thick. The shrimp curry was delicious and I will definitely order it again. I mopped up all of the sauce with the garlic naan. Also the lamb chops were really good and came with some fried okra. The rasmalai was also really good and not too sweet. I hope to be back soon.
As soon as you walk in this place you feel at home! The staff is so friendly and accommodating and really make sure you are having a good time. The food was so delicious and affordable! I'd definitely make this a usual spot to dine with friends or take a date!
This place was my idea of perfect Indian food and though it wasn't busy, it had a nice atmosphere
Wow!! What a service!! Amazing food and excellent service! All the staff is very professional and took care of us very well! Food quantity is perfect for the price! Even gave us free desert! We would definitely come back here! Highly recommended!
Went for dinner since I was in the area and I love Indian Cuisine. I received gracious and polite service. Food was fantastic. Served hot, wonderful blend of flavors, and good portion Definitely recommend Aahar.
Decent food but service was quite overbearing. We declined the prix fixe menu in favor of the lunch special and the waiter asked us at least four more times if we weren't sure we'd like the prix fixe and continued to pester us to order more items throughout our lunch to the point that he made us uncomfortable. I do not plan on returning here.
Great spot. Staff was awesome, committed to giving us a great experience which was nice, they're new so they wanted to impress and they did. We substituted the shrimp for the chicken in the curry dish and it was great, not a "trendy" place, very authentic authentic. Go and ask for Peter, he took care of me and my girl.
This might be the best Indian food that I've had in NYC. All of the food was amazing, the paneer naan bread was breathtaking.I was with three friends and we definitely ordered too much food, but it was so worth it.We asked our waiter for recommendations and they all were delicious.I have to come back for the lunch specials.On top of the spectacular food, service was A+++.
Visited yesterday... Had a great time and the food was tasty. The service was also good.The mango phirni was very yummy.  Had tried palak chaat which was new to us.
Great food.  Clean restaurant and fantastic service.  Portions were huge and delicious.
Best Indian restaurant in Manhattan. The service is amazing, the food is delicious (not too heavy), and it's BYOB but they also have house wine. Would definitely recommend coming here. We had the palak paneer, chaat, and tandoori grill platter. All delicious.
The service was excellent, but the food was fair.  Spicy, but not very flavorful.  I had the seafood sampler.  The scallops were over done and stringy, the shrimp was bland, the salmon was nice but a little dry, and the crab kebob was mediocre at best.  Everything had the same curry sauce, no variation.  The daal was too thick and not nearly spicy enough.  The naan was dry with no butter on it, though it was cooked just right.  Very nice Taj beer though.  Overall, I wouldn't go back.
Had the prix fixe lunch menu and everything was delicious! The portions were generous, the taste of the food was authentic and tasty and the service was great. Highly recommend!
This was a nice unexpected find. While visiting the 911 memorial and museum we saw this 2 blocks away.  It was a quite mid afternoon and we were treated to good Indian cuisine.  I was with family members traveling from India and we all enjoyed the food, ambiance and service. We had the vegetarian dishes from the prefixed menu.  Surprised with how reasonable the price was.
Prix fixed is a great deal. Everything is really well prepared. Atmosphere is also pretty nice.  Nothing to not love, in short. :)
Very clean and food is flavorful. You know it's good when you see customers of India seating beside you eating the same food. Meaning it's authentic. P.S. prices are very reasonable.
This is one of the best Indian places I've eaten at and I eat at every Indian restaurant I can find!  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I ate way more than I should have because it was so tasty.  If you like Indian, this is the place!
Found this restaurant by accident! Great place to sit and dine. Ambience is nice and food is great in taste. My parents are visiting me from India and naturally of course they are heavy critic about Indian food outside India. They even liked it. We got their prefix and it was worth the price!
I had dinner here with family.The servers here are just wonderful.Food was awesome with great service. This place has nice ambiance too. Must try!
An awesome place. Service is great. Food delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. You won't regret it.
My girlfriend and I ordered the soup, samosas, and aloo paratha. All three were absolutely delicious, some of the best Indian food we have ever eaten. The waiter was extremely courteous and conversational and he brought out some mango lassi and desserts for both of us on the house. The atmosphere was very laid-back and you can tell everyone that works at the restaurant has a passion for great Indian cuisine. We will definitely be coming back.
Absolutely amazing food! I had the Masahari Thali and enjoyed every last morsel of it. I will be going back for more the next time I'm in town.
We saw that this was a new  place with good reviews and had to try. I am an Indian food advocate and eat it regularly. This is by far the best Indian food I've had in NYC by a long shot. They did not have malai kofta on their menu but made it special for us and gee it was the best malai kofta ever! Literally ever. Incredible food and service. The guy even went next door to get a lime for my corona! This place is way better than the 10+ Indian restaurants I've tried in NYC. You must go here!!!
This place is out of this world! They didn't have what we were looking for on the menu and the chef made it special for us. As someone who eats Indian food regularly, this is the new regular spot.
The service was good.  The food quality was not great.  The veg samosa was too heavy and bland, although the chick pea side was excellent.  The lamb chops were tough.  Okra was pretty good.  Aloo gobi matter was just okay.  Naan was good.
This place serves tasty authentic food and the service is amazing. I've had a couple of lunches and dinners here and every meal was great. Their food is decisively better than food at the nearby Benares or Dhaba and Chote Nawab in Curry Hill. The samosas and palak chat were delicious. Their baingan bharta, paneer bhurji, and malai koftas were also very flavorful. The naan was crispy and the ras malai was very light and creamy. My dinner date was also very happy with his chicken chettinad and the garlic naan. Their prix-fixe lunch is a great deal - mango lassi, appetizer, entree with bread and rice, and dessert - all fresh and tasty for only $14. The staff is also very accommodating; my lunch companion who has some dietary restrictions was allowed to make a substitution for a paneer dish. I would recommend skipping Benares and heading straight to this place for both lunch and dinner.
Really great paneer tikka masala. I popped in and ordered to-go, everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious.
Excellent. We lived in India for 11 years. This taste is right on. One of the very best Indian meals I have had in he US and India. The value of the lunch fixed price menu is outstanding. We will come back here whenever we are in the TriBeCa area.
Amazing find. Subtly-spiced food that is delicious, great service and really reasonable prices. The setting is spacious and pretty. Service is fast and attentive. I highly recommend the vegetarian thali, which comes with 2 appetizers, 2 main dishes, rice and a full order of Nan. I couldn't finish it. So much better than the thali often served on a metal platter. Love this place.
Probably the best Indian food in NYC. Staff was very attentive and the place was classy enough for a cute dinner out.
Food was great! Awesome ambience! Great service and they serve fresh and hot food! Its clean, they have all amenities!! Go and enjoy!
Nice food, quick service, reasonable price, friendly staff. Pleasant experience. Recommended.
