I travel to NYC often .. thanks to yelp, I found this place . Hands down  ,this is the yummiest Indian food place in NY.
Horrible service and food wasn't too good. When I asked for salt they yelled at me. I have never felt so personally victimized.
If you want to ruin your perfect evening go to this place! I have  been to  masala  times  many  times  before with friends and family. The place is not bad, but the manager Mr. Om either is the owner of the restaurant or thinks he is one, I am not sure which one is true. My experience: Extremely rude  behaviour of Mr. Om with customers including us. It seems he is distributing free food. When asked for an extra plate (paper plate) , his response "you already have a box" . Seriously????  The food was extremely spicy hence I went up to him to order a drink and He is like "stand in line!" , there was literally 1 person standing at the counter and I was dining in, he could have simply given me a drink as my mouth was on fire and charge me for it. I went back to my table. There was a picture on the wall stating ,"Tag us on Instagram and win a free drink by showing it to our manager", well I did, to which his response was , "Show me that you have tagged us on Instagram but on my phone" , I was like , are you out of your mind, I just tagged you and I am showing it to you on my phone and now you want me to use your phone for the same???? What rubbish !! Finally  , after finding it in his phone he was like  " okay , take water" to which I said, "May , I have something else" His response  "No".  Oh my God!  I do not  know  How  is  the  business  running, I have  seen similar reviews on yelp regarding his behaviour, but  I guess , It is falling on deaf ears. Had the worst experience, never going back !!
Food was good.but it took time to come..Tandoori chicken was good. But rolls were less tasty the meat which was stuffed inside was bland!
I was looking for Indian food in the village and chose Masala Times based on the reviews and the fact that they menu looked a little bit different than your standard Indian restaurant in America.  The curry box concept was also attractive in that you did not have to pay separately for a side dish, bread, etc.  We got the paneer bhurji and the vegetable korma curry boxes.  Both entrees were very good.  The vegetable korma was excellent.  I did not love the dhal, but lentils are always a tough sell for me.  Be aware of the green peppers in the onion salad; I thought it was a slice of okra (what was I thinking?!) and ate it.  It was only when I was chewing that I realized what I'd done.  This induced some misery in me that took about 10 minutes to dissipate (and the only time in recent memory that something was so spicy it was uncomfortable).  The included bread was decent.  Everything is served in plastic take-out containers, even if you eat in.  They charge for water.  There are cheeky comments about Bollywood and Hollywood plastered all over the walls.  I have seen quite a few Bollywood films and knew enough to understand the jokes but I felt it was overdone.
Definitely going back to try everything else!!!we were super full from a meal we had not very long before we landed here...Tried the bata vada roll..and the paneer roll!! So good! Chutney was good too..Originally from Bombay and a vegetarian...im really picky about indian restaurants...this one doesn't have the best paneer roll...but its still really good...but the batavada roll...never had one before..was amazing!!
Update 2: got some food, the chicken vindaloo (very spicy) was great and the spice level was not messing around! Really bad experience turned into a really nice one. Will order from again (probably less spicy next time).Update: got a call from the owner who was super apologetic and offered to comp some food. Updating to 3 stars now for the service, will update again once I actually eat the food.Ordered a delivery from these guys (via Yelp). Says 45 minutes, ok, not too bad, I hear they're pretty good. One hour later, no food but that status on the page says "Delivered". What's going on?Get on the link that Yelp confirmation e-mail gave me (figured it would connect me to the restaurant or something) and I get very nice Yelp representative instead. She looks into it and tells me that restaurant told them that someone "stole my food" and they want to cancel the order.Restaurant never bothered to call me or let me know anything. Heard the food is great but cancelling a delivery without even telling the person, that's not awesome.
Hella spicy!!!  Got my burn on here last nite and liked it!  I'm into spices and flavor and there's a lot going on here, there's no lack of whatsoever.Interesting, filling and quick lil meals are wsup in this joint.  There's a spicy low carb lil dish for less than $4 which is redick but packs a powerful punch of nutrients with raw peanuts being the main betch.... Although interesting raw, personally I would revise this into a roasted peanut dish since more nutrients are released via the roasting process.  All in all, still a low carb/high spice tango of flavor in my mouth. This is easily my go to for a quick bite if I'm on this street and hungry in search of a fast option.*not sure if this type of food is everyone's jam...super ethnic, spicy, street food with alotta flava profiles goin on may be way too much for the general public but it's not guna break the bank either if you try and don't likey.  Personally, I likey for the interesting tastes, textures, spices and overall health benefits of ingredients and that's why they are so good in my books.
This place is definitely good. The food was exactly what I needed late night after a gig, and it had good heat without the headache of figuring out your "level" of spice. (Some of these places go a little mental. 1 = zero spice, 2 = not really spicy at all, 3 = hardly spicy, 4 = kinda spicy, 5 = semi-spicy, 6 = about to be spicy, 7 = really close to being officially spicy, 8 = spicy on deck, 9 = knocking on spice's door, 10 = ringing bell, 11 = nobody's home, 12 = climbing through window, etc..) I had a nice, warm feeling in my belly afterwards from a delicious veggie "box" with paneer tikka masala and a chicken roll with cilantro chutney.I loved the design aesthetic of Masala, too. It was forward, but earthy and welcoming, and there were a number of Bollywood VS Hollywood funny messages on the wall. And the music was nice, too. I love Bollywood music, so it was a pleasure waiting for my food. I started tapping along, but the man behind the counter looked at me and shook his head in such a way to say "please stop." (Awkward.) Then I wanted to read all the funny quips on the wall, and the same guy said "please sit down; we'll call you up when it's ready." It started to feel like detention, actually. But the food was good, so I'll be back.(As a ninja.)(Or a spirit.)(So I don't disturb the guy behind the counter.)
I ordered a Vegetable Biryani through Yelp. In order to ensure that an order has been placed, I gave them a call, to which they replied that they had not received an order through Yelp yet. So I said that could I place an order for pick up anyway and they said it was fine.So I get there to pick up my order and to my extreme surprise, the guy at the counter rudely warns me that if I place a double order, and if he inform Yelp about it, Yelp will cancel my number or something. When I told him that I had specifically asked about the Yelp order on the phone he said that he had not received it! He said, it doesn't matter and he was super annoyed and irritated which made my experience really horrible!!The food was good but really do we just go out for the food or for a total experience?? Really disappointed!
Very well prepared dishes, flavorful and clean. Would recommend this to anyone who wants tasty Indian food. Not too spicy and vegetable biryani was tasty! Ras malai is a must try. Thank you!
Come here for the Pav Bhaji, a super interesting dish I haven't seen at any other Indian restaurants I've been to in the city. It's a stew of mixed veggies like potatoes and peas, it's definitely got a big punch of spicy flavor and the texture is great. The best part is that it's served with buttery buns that are toasted, and these were honestly some of the most delicious buns I've ever had. The samosa was also very solid, as was the roll with scrambled eggs. Overall, I like that the menu here is different from a lot of other places in the city, it's nice to try new dishes and mix it up. The pav bhaji was by far the highlight of the meal, and unfortunately there were quite a few factors that made the whole experience less desirable than it could've been:- Please note that this is more like a Chipotle than a sit down restaurant. You order at the counter and they call your name when it's ready. The guy at the counter sort of just shouts into the restaurant until you go pick it up. It's a bummer because the restaurant is actually kind of cute and has fun decor, I think it would be more popular if they offered table service, or just nicer service in general. - We asked for tap water and the guy at the counter said they didn't have any. We ended up buying a bottle of water from him, which is honestly ridiculous. - There were inconsistencies with the menu. There were 2 different samosas listed on the menu, but when we asked what was the difference between the samosas, the guy just said, we only have one samosa. And then he charged us a higher price for the samosa than what was on the menu, saying the menu was old. - The curry dishes were pretty bad. Not as flavorful and rich as they should be, in fact they tasted kind of watered down (we tried the tikka masala and the korma special). It's $13 for curry + rice + bread + lentil salad. It sounds like a great deal, but the lentil salad and bread were really bad, the bread tasted stale. And you actually get very little curry. We decided we would much rather go to any other Indian restaurant and pay $13 for a much larger serving of curry with just rice than this curry box thing with sides. If I just came here and got the pav bhaji and ate it and left, I could totally see myself giving this place 5 stars or at least 4. But the whole experience definitely left much to be desired.
A real treat. The flavors here are amazing and food is made fresh. Huge fan of the Kati rolls and these are way more flavorful than Kati roll.
Oh my, this place has some seriously good eats. It certainly isn't fancy, but it has a really cute Bollywood theme. Their vindaloo is spicy and not for the faint of heart, just like I like it. I got the lamb vindaloo box, which came with tons of food including an onion salad (delish), rice, daal, and naan. If you like good, flavorful, affordable food, you'll like masala times!!
In the last couple of years, pretty much every drunk night in the city has had a pit stop at this place for some drunk food. I've tried 90% of their menu at this time; I will keep coming back for the Kathi rolls though. The egg roll is my absolute favorite - scrambled spicy eggs stuffed generously inside a piece of flatbread, absolutely delicious! The place (as is true for most indigenous NYC restaurants) is small - at most 12 seats, and the lines can get long. The kitchen is fast and pumps out orders with accuracy, and they don't usually do any phone orders when they are super busy. The proprietor of the place is awesome - when my cousins and I hijacked the place last time ( there was 10 of us) at around 2 am, he let my drunk ass take over his music system and turn the place into a mini Bhangra club for like 15 min . Best.time.ever. Oh also, my sister loves the place - again a feat not easily accomplished by many who try! Totally love them! :)
In the NYU area of Lower Manhattan, lies a small but popular joint -- Masala Times! Masala Times is different than your regular Indian food joint. Upon arrival, you notice a Bollywood themed fun place which has little quotes related to witty comparisons between Hollywood and Bollywood. One might also notice some pretty hip Bollywood numbers playing in the background all day.Coming to the food itself, the menu ranges from crowd favorites like chicken tikka to the famous kathi rolls. They are also famous for their "Meal Boxes" which come with an entree, paratha, dal, rice and salad.The highlight of my visit was "Samosa Pav and Masala Chai". In New York City, where the winters can be harsh -- having hot samosa stuffed in a pav bun with garlic chutney with piping hot masala chai, can be a delight in the cold. It takes one back to the streets of "Mumbai".A visit to Masala Times is must for anyone visiting NYC in search for diverse food. New Yorkers who want to get a slice of what Indian fast food is all about, would not be disappointed! Little tool-tip: "The place can get pretty crowded on weekends due to New York University and NYC party goers since it stays open till 5 am (YES! you read it right :))."Follow our blog: medium.com/food-yatra
I loved this place. Food is great for sure. The service was amazing ! You can tell them how you want your food it is well taken care of !
I feel obliged to write this review because i ordered from here based on the reviews i read.  This has to be the world indian food I have ever had in my life. I ordered the box with chicken tikka massala and the lamb biryani.  Where do i start, the chicken was like pieces of chicken thrown into tomato sauce.  iv never had a worse chicken in my life. i would suggest them to start giving those pre made meals instead.  i dont have words to describe how pathetic it was and I am beyond surprised how this place is in business. The biryani was utter crap too, with some weird flavoursI just feel its my duty to let  people know that they should not order indian food from here. And to massala times please don't fool the people by calling this India food
Masala TimesNY Manhattan West Village11:59pm Tuesday 4th August 2015Four StarsAfter a couple drinks at Ward III, we decided to eat some late night Indian food. I opted for the Chicken Tikka Masala Combo Box $12.95. The big compartment had a rice, pickled red onions, and roti. The two smaller compartments had Spicy Daal, and Tikka. The chicken came in large tender chunks. The sauce was a bit too sweet and thin for my taste. The daal was nice and spicy. Overall, it was an enjoyable meal. The box was supposed to include salad but none was given.
Ordered to go on seamless. Loved the packaging--cute label sticker, the confession of a bollywood obsession, and to-go plate with 3 sections for food (less wasteful than a separate box for rice). My Tandoori chicken was delish. The chicken was savory, saucy and delicious for Tandori, not dry in the least. Bone in, which I prefer, though some may not. As promised, it was spicy. I ordered the onion salad and the green chutney to go with it. Both were just $1 and very tasty. I can't vouch for the rice and roti bread because I didn't eat them, but they looked good too. I'll definitely be heading here again, and would love to come sometime in person to see the decor.
Masala Times I love you, but you're bringing me down.Your food is still great, but two hours for a lunch special is no longer a lunch special... it's a lunch BETRAYAL. We've ordered from you every almost every Tuesday for almost a year now... originally you were my go-to because you were cheap, super spicy, had an awesome lunch special with the best daal around, and you delivered in like 15 minutes! It was like my Bollywood dreams come true.However your delivery time since has only gotten worse and worse... now I find myself waiting, at minimum, an hour if not an hour and a half for you to get the food out and walk the 5 minutes to my office. The food is 5 stars but the delivery is like negative one. We find ourselves straying with other- *GASP* - Indian restaurants because of the ridiculous wait. It's heart breaking! What happened, Masala Times? I weep nightly for the love we once shared...
The food is awesome here and I loved the prices. I was disappointed that we don't have anythinig like this around home. We loved the decor and the music going on. It seemed to complete the ambience. The young man behind the register was very nice and helpful giving direction to us. I got the Chana Masala roll which was divine. And I have no clue what that green sauce is in the plastic cup, but it went so well with my roll. My partner got the Batata Vada roll and that got a thumbs up as well.I would totally go here again.
* Oh my fucking god! Masala Times just revived my good old memories of how we friends would sit in our cars in the parking lot, with our Kenwoods on high volume and enjoy feasting on the take-out pav bhaji and Kingfishers  Bacardis. Good old carefree days! * The Paneer Bhurji pav was superb! Licked my fingers like I was hungry for decades. Pair it with Thums Up ( earlier a local Indian brand, later taken over by the Coca Cola co to strengthen its portfolio against Pepsico).* The seats have images of Bollywood superstars - Amitabh  Abhishek Bachchan, Sanjay Dutt etc. And ofcourse the funny Hollywood vs Bollywood comparison on the wall. In a nutshell, Masala times is a welcoming wonderful replacement to the now extinct Aamchi Pao.
Pros: Open late, consistently good quality, quick service, food made fresh, friendly staff, very flavorful and spicy, wide variety, Cons: oily, you need to tell them to go easy on the oil, the flavors are so great it doesn't need to be as greasy as it is Notes: Chicken tikka masala, biryani (lamb and chicken), paneer burji = amazing            katti roll at this place = mediocre (stick to the other dishes)
Excellent value for very good food. My food was excellent (chicken tikka masala.) My friend (Gooey) found that his food (shrimp dish) was overcooked.  I give it 4 stars )/Gooey gives it 2.  I've been here a few times before and always have the tikka.  Two guys opinions!
Yummy! and Spicy! This is a newly established (?) semi take out semi dine in place near by me... whose decor is all about Going Bollywood. For the cheap ish prices ($10-12 and under), the food takes a long time to come out and it's very fresh. i beat the crowd with a friend, as we came here on week night around 6:30? If you come any later tho.. like 7 and onward, expect lines and waiting for a seat. I ordered the chicken tikka box. The tikka is really good- flavorful, and creamy. The chicken, grilled nicely. The rice (stained yellow) is nicely buttered but a bit dry, weirdly. And the lentils it came with were SO SPICY. OMG.  BE CAREFUL- trust me, I am the QUEEN of Spice. Yet I had heartburn the next day.They gave a different kind of bread. My people (Burmese) call it paratha. It's a fattier, oilier version of Naan. It's more densely packed. It's not that easy to fold it and sop up the sauce.. it's good alone. My friend got the fish masala, which was very yellow and pretty curry-esque. It was good but I liked mine better. Both dishes were some $9! I'd come back.
Decent tasting Indian fast foodLocated in a great neighborhoodVery reasonable pricesMore spacious unlike a few other Indian places close by
I didn't exactly eat a lot here but were at the next door restaurant "Bombay Duck Co" But one of my friends got a Kati roll from here and that was amazing as well. He actually had to go in there as he wanted to pee and this restaurant had a bathroom but offered only for customers.Anyways... was pretty impressed by what we ate from here and this now is definitely on my list to try out next time.
My office had Masala Times cater our lunch and [whoa].It was delicious. The Lamb Bhuna Roll was perfect. And I don't use that word lightly. The Chana Masal was also pretty close to perfect... not too soft and the right amount of  flavor. I'm super picky with Indian food and this hit the spot. I'm excited to go to the actual place and get some of their other items!
My husband loves and I mean loves Masala Times....obsessed is more like it, especially with their chutney! As for me I have to admit it is probably one of the best cheap late night places to eat in the city! The food is always consistently fresh and delicious. I have yet to be disappointed in any of their kathi rolls or their combo plates. Everything here is delicious and I mean everything! From the achari chicken to the lamb seekh to the paneer bhurji roll yum yum. All the rolls be it vegetarian or non-veg are full on flavor and the meat is always juicy and soft. If you order the combo plate you get a side of rice (which is alright) and some yummy roti and pickled onions (which are my favorite).The staff there is very nice and will let you know what is the best tasting thing that they are cooking that night. The place is small and nothing fancy but it is filled with cute Bollywood themed chairs and a wall full of Hollywood vs. Bollywood statements. Just remember that food is made to order, so its fresh but you have to wait about 10-15 minutes to get it. So come try the rolls here, they will make you forget the kathi rolls from the Kathi Roll Company!
One star deducted for the slow service which was coz of only two chefs and a lot of orders on a Friday night! But the food was amazing! The best kheema paav till date.. The achari chicken came with rice and naan.. And was very tender and just with the right amount of spice! A great plus point is this place is open late! Just wish there was more seating... A great place nonetheless
My wife and I reached New York late as 11 at night but as we knew mcdougal st stay open late night so we headed. Her friend had suggested this restaurant as a must try so we headed there and tried unda bhurji keema Pav and paneer tikka. Awesome food. Quick and fast service. Nice place. Negative: no beer served.
Masala Times...I kind of love you.  Why??1.  You play awesome Bollywood Music!2.  Your chairs are super!  I kind of wish I had a pair at home.3.  Your food is SPICY!  I tried the Paneer Burji and the Veg Box (Paneer Tikka).  Both were delicious and filling4.   The owner is very nice.  He came over to talk to us for a while :o)The only thing is...it's not really fast food.  Expect to wait about 20 min.  And it's not really food you can eat on the go, so grab a seat!
Indian restaurant with a 'fast food' vibe. There aren't a lot of seats but they're open way past midnight. Perfect for drunkies who love Indian food. The combos are pretty sweet considering how unselfish they are with the amount of food they give you! The chicken tikka masala was insanely flavorful, despite it being one of the least spiciest dishes they offer. Perfect for wimps like me!I usually pride myself in being able to finish off most chicken and rice dishes, but I could only finish half of it. I gave the rest of it to my friends, who, after finishing their own combos, went after my leftovers like demented starving lions.
The few times I have been here.. I have to say the best lamb Kati roll in the city! Totally yum!
The lamb kakori I ordered was particularly terrible but the pav bhajji my friend ordered was very good.This is quick Indian food but there's competitive options with fewer disappointments nearby.
I went there last night and went again tonight in rain just to relish the awesome rolls this place has to offer. Chicken malai was ummmaazing and egg bhurji was oooowwwsum but yeah be prepared to do overeating coz u won't be able to stop ur jaw from running.
disappointing. The pav bhaji has color to make it look red. No tamarind chutney at 6 pm (they only opened at 5). Also, they say its mumbai street food, but there is no chat, no pav vada.. which mumbai are they referring to?
The Unda roll (eggs and onions in paratha bread) was good, with soft, moderately spiced eggs...but SO greasy. There was no way to hold it to prevent the grease from drip-drip-dripping from one end or the other. And then the filling began to fall out. So I lost about half of my roll, making me sad, and unable to judge it as I might otherwise have been able to. The wall art (signs explaining the difference between Hollywood and Bollywood) was very amusing, though.The next day (I know.) I tried the lamb bhuna roll, which was MUCH better...seriously it was like they took a really good lamb curry, complete with addictive sauce, and wrapped it up in paratha bread. It was spicier than I expected, which is a good thing. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Wow. Strangely, it was less greasier than the unda (or maybe it was just because I was sitting down and this made it easier to eat). I think this is the roll to get....
Went to this place with a few friends last night. And the food was very good. The Kathi Roll place was the original one to start this concept but this place has elevated it.  Had the paneer roll and the Alu tikki roll. Both had great flavor and come out piping hot. And the chutney they provide with it add a really nice level of spice. A friend tried one of the box meals and a few oTher tried the other rolls. Between all the different things we tried there was not a single disappointing dish. Would highly recommend this place for a quick, inexpensive spice fix.
This place is delicious! Highly recommend the bhurji paneer roll, it's the bees knees! Also recommend the mango lassi to wash it all down with and maybe some galub jamun for dessert. The staff is always super friendly, and the service is fast. I never miss an opportunity to hit up this place when I'm in the neighborhood
Masala Times is a surprising place to arrive at. When I walked in, I felt an immediate pang of doubt about the high reviews Masala Times has on Yelp. But, after the first bite I was sold.I tried the Chicken Tikka, the rice was kind of dry but the tikka was on point. They also offer wraps, for a reasonable price and made with a delicious chapati.The decor is modern and the service is not all that, but the food has good crisp flavor, and the price is right. I will definitely be back for more!
If you crave bombay food in New York.... this is the place for you... the food this place provides is exactly what the streets of bombay offer... the Hollywood bollywood analogies are an added bonus... a must try destination for all foodies
I was skeptical but impressed with Thelewala when it opened up next to Kati Roll. But Thelewala has a defined niche - different Kati rolls, chaat and chai. This place is pretty much the same type of Kati rolls as the original down the street. Is there really a market for another Kati roll place??Anyway all that aside this is a review of the food - the rolls are pretty damn good! I had the paneer roll which was well spiced, not too dry, delicious and large. 4 stars because I ain't the kind of guy to dish out 5 stars on a one night stand.
So delicious!  And only $3.01 for the Chicken Tikka Masala combo box (which was huge!!) after applying the $10 PayPal mobile app promo.  It's my favorite dish here so far.  I didn't care for the daal AT ALL (bad-tasting yellow broth. I'd rather have more chicken or some dip) and the naan was nothing to write home about, but the chicken and rice made up for it.  The whole meal was so big and delicious.  I'd totally come back here again.While you wait for your order (mine took about 10 min.), you can read the funny Hollywood vs. Bollywood quotes on the wall.  There's also a tiny BR in the back.UPDATES:-The to-go containers are huge and partitioned!  Big enough for a full Thanksgiving-sized meal.-Don't forget to check in with the Belly app to rack up points for loyalty rewards.  5 points/visit.  1 visit/hour max.-Saag Paneer (w/ Paneer Bhurji) Veg Combo Box ($11.92): Yum!  "Saag" means spinach, and "paneer" involves those cheese cubes.  Vegetarians and carnivores alike would enjoy this meal.  Very spicy.  The consistency of the daal was far better this time, but I still don't the flavor much.-Paratha ($2.18): Good Indian bread.-Rice ($4.27): Standard yellow Indian rice.-Ras Malai dessert ($3.27): Two ricotta cheese-like milk/flour patties in sweet saffron-infused milk.  Pretty good overall flavor, though the patties didn't taste like anything.  The liquid was much creamier than Bombay Duck's version, though not quite as sweet.-Mango Lassi ($3.27): Unbelievably good.  It's like they took the ripest, creamiest yellow mangoes and drained excess water to make this delicious yogurt smoothie.  Definitely not for the diabetic!!
Emma H. took me here for lunch today. We quickly got a seat. (Seats definitely come in waves at this joint.)I got the lamb combination ($9.95) with lamb vindaloo (there were two lamb options to choose from). The combination comes with dal, race, and a flat bread. So much food! I think this was a great value with lots of taste. Emma H. got the veggie combo, and the paneer was very good.Even the least spicy dishes had a little bit of kick, so beware!
TLDR: A very bad approximation of Indian food with a likely intention of appealing to Americans.I'm a white guy who eats and cooks a lot of Indian food. Got a chicken box with chicken tikka masala. Sauce is too sweet, not spicy. Chicken comes in huge chunks, which is bad because parts of it dry up while they wait for it to cook through; I get the impression they're too lazy to chunk it up smaller. I don't know what their bread is, but it's not naan; it's almost translucent with oil. As a bonus, I'm pretty sure I was overcharged ($13), but I didn't realize it til later.There's far better Indian food nearby. I will never eat here again.
Stopped here on the Greenwich NY food tour and tried the Paneer Bhurji roll... delish.  They kept the spiciness to a minimum in order to accommodate a wide variety of taste-testers... but I needed more spice. I wanted to eat more but only had room in my stomach and time on the tour for that little taste. I love the vibrant colors of the restaurant and the Bollywood VS. Hollywood wall. Cute!I'll be back Masala Times, I'll be back for more!
Best place for a midnight snack. Fresh food, healthy food, and tasty food. Highly recommend!!!
I had Veg Box ($ 8.95) delivered.Overly sweet Paneer Tikka Masala was less buttery but spicy. Very soupy Daal had good spice but then, wish it was thicker. Saffron only rice called Veg Pulav Rice was okay but wish there were vegetables as menu says there are  (masalatimesnyc.com/menu.…) . Buttery Paratha Bread was too greasy for my taste. What's missing from what menu mentioned were Saag Paneer (spinach and cheese dish) / Chana Saag (Chickpeas with Spinach) and Chana Masala (chickpea dish). I don't know why...? But there were more than enough rice and breads would makes you full.
The cashier remembers my usual order: chicken tikka masala combo box. The portions are large and you get a lot for your money, as I usually struggle to finish the entire combo box so I eat about half of it at a time and then save the rest for later. The chicken is extremely tender and is cut apart with ease, which I absolutely love. I struggle when it comes to spicy foods because I don't have a very high tolerance for it, but I find the chicken tikka masala's level of spiciness just right. I love naan and Masala Times makes a really fantastic one, always leaving me wanting more.
This place is awesome! Not only is it open late night to satisfy your cravings at any time, but my all-time favorite Indian food dish is on the menu: chicken tikka masala. DELICIOUS! The sauce is flavorful and the chicken is tender. I also like the decor of the place -- cute and cheeky. I highly recommend it!-L.
First the establishment is clean. Well decorated for a fast food theme. The counter person was very friendly.  So good customer service.  But you come in for the food.  The food itself has a sense of quality in that thought has been placed in preparing.  But.  It lacks flavor.  It has mild spices so not enough heat. The chicken tikka masala.  Yeah. Just call it masala.  There is NO chicken in this probably 2 ounces!  I went in hungry.  Left hungry.  Unless you are a vegetarian but for us carnivores. Eating bread with mildly flavored water doesn't cut it.  I threw out nearly 70% of contents in trash.  And for $14 this is NO deal.   Owner/operator don't be stingy with the chicken!
I am a sucker for the rolls. My friends love the lamb but since I don't eat lamb I've tried all the other rolls. My number one favorite is Batata Vada Roll, Spicy Potatoes. My second favorite is the Unda Bhurji Roll, the Egg and Peppers. The best thing is that you can order it even spicier if you wish!!! Wonderful spot to get a satisfying bite in The Village!
Wonderful food. Quick delivery. Relatively cheap, though could be slightly cheaper. Just delicious.
I'm a huge fan of this place. Everything I have tried here has been delicious. But hands down my favorite item on the menu to eat from here are the rolls they make. Specifically I'm obsessed with the Lamb Rolls. I highly recommend this place especially if you want something quick and tasty. Prices are very reasonable too for the area and for the portions served.Decor is also great, it's a nice small place that's always clean too with a very friendly staff. There special drinks are amazing too, my favorite is the mango. If I didn't live in Jersey I would definitely eat there way more often but it's always worth the trip out there. If your in the area and craving Indian food then this is the place for you. Will be visiting very soon so have some lamb rolls ready for me :)
Ordinary fare. Nearby joints Thelevala  Kathi roll are much better. Had the egg roll  chai. The chai was awful. The egg roll was average!
Good food, far too poor customer service. Used to go here pretty often cause the food is good and they're open late but the customer service is just too bad for me to risk it again. The owner can be pretty mean to people but given that they keep long hours and he has to deal with a lot of drunk people at night, I cut him some slack. What really got me was a particular incident where I ordered for pick up via phone on a weekday evening and when they messed up my order, they insisted that I had ordered what they had made (why would I lie about what I had ordered?). They were unwilling to give me what I wanted without charging me full price for both the item I wanted and the item they had mistakenly created. They were also unwilling to do anything else for me like allowing for a substitution to make the dish they had created more amenable to my tastes - my only option being paying for food that I hadn't ordered. This was the 2nd time they had given me a hard time after messing up my order. I live across the street and used to eat here 2-3 times a week but I'm afraid I might just have had my last meal from masala times. Try your luck if you like as the food is good, after all, but in a neighborhood full of Indian restaurants, it's not quite good enough to tolerate the poor customer service.
Casual and affordable Indian food in the village. They bring the heat and the flavor.
One of my favorite places to get indian food. The vegetarian platter is super filling. Lentils here are my favorite. Ask for super spicy green sauce and they will not disappoint. About $12 for a platter. Can dine in (it's small) but usually I'll do pick up.
I had lunch here a few days ago and was not impressed. The restaurant was empty and pretty dark inside, and the food wasn't great. I ordered the "Chicken Box" for $11.95, which came with Chicken Tikka Masala, daal, rice, and bread. The chicken was weirdly sweet and the thin bread seemed stale. My friend and I also asked for waters and never got them.Since there are many other Indian restaurants in this area, I will be trying those instead of coming back here.
Great food at a great price. Totally a small fast food like place, don't expect a fancy store front. Take out is good and the curry is properly spicy. Enjoy
Every Friday/ Saturday night, after your 4 am parties, this is the place you need to visit for some delicious Paneer burji rolls, samosa pav, chicken achari roll in short some delicious desi food. The food here is amazing and spicy, the crowd generally is fairly young and hence they do allow an after party of sorts. Great place for groups and specially for late nights and is pretty light on your wallet as well.
Great place for lunch, and will most likely return for dinner!Friends and I went to Masala Times for lunch... they ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala box and I ordered the Chicken Tikka plate. Mine actually took about 10 minutes longer than theirs, and I was getting SO hungry after I saw their scrumptious plates!The portions are generous (big chunks of chicken on a bed of rice over bread and a side of pickled onions) and my Chicken Tikka cost a few cents under $10. Sorry, I don't know the name of the green sauce that came with my lunch, but that thing was delicious! It can be quite spicy though, so pour over your food at your discretion.
While kati roll down the street is great but the roll here is amazeballs! The chicken tikka roll I had was marinated really well and very tender. I asked for spicy and they delivered the heat I like! So good! You will not be disappointed.
Time and again I surrender to my craving for Indian food and end up in Americanised Indian food joints, blaming myself later. When I notice Indian restaurants claiming authenticity but don't see a single patron of South Asian origin eating there, I should know better to trample on my expectations before ordering food. Yet I never seem to learn.Masala Times was such a place. I think the only nice thing about it was the price. Zero points for service (hence most people order or take it to go?) and a lousy score for taste. My friend and I ordered a vegetarian combination platter that came with chana-saag (chickpeas and greens) with an obviously fake deep green colour and an excessively dense mixture of spices, incompletely prepared daal (lentil stew), rice with oil and yellow colouring, oily parantha (bread) and some onions with more colour (pink).In summary, just one of those ubiquitous American Indian restaurants.
Consistent good experiences! Meat quality is good. The rolls are very filling and scrumptious. The spices are not too overpowering. The boxes are a nice mix of lentils and meat. Always such a pleasure eating there. Very satisfying! One of our all-time-favs!!!
Great spot for a late night bite. Of late there is DJ Dove who shows up on Sat nights. The place turns into a Bollywood dance club! Don't miss DJ Dove nights..
Both current and authentic--you imagine you are in some hip little joint in a city in India. As someone who has eaten at my fair share of Indian restaurants, this was something new and exciting without tasting watered down. The Bollywood vs. Hollywood troupes were hilarious. I had the "Dream Girl" wrap, chopped up and seasoned paner wrapped in a parartha, and it was amazing! The prices were great for the area. Also, Limca in cans!
I went here for lunch and got the chicken tikka masala box special which came with rice, chana saag and some tasty thin naan. Overall it was a lot of food for the money, good deal, but I was disappointed in masala sauce, it didn't taste like indian food, more like chicken in pasta sauce. No spicy curry flavor, nothing. The rice was yellow Chinese takeout style, and the naan was tasty but oddly thin. Overall you can do way better in the city even for the same price. Not authentic Indian food by any means.
Fast, great portions,  affordable while tasty and satisfying.  Service is friendly and accommodating.The decor and ambiance needs improvement - a bit tacky for my taste.
Love the chicken tikka masala combo box. A little pricey for the area, but plenty of food for two lunches. (The wraps are good and make for a more reasonably priced lunch for one--try the lamb.) Be warned: it's spicier than you expect (you may sweat a little)! Reliable delivery via Seamless. Eating in is alright, but it's a bit slow and there's not alot of seating, so best to call in your order ahead.
I have been enjoying late night visits to this place since it was an infant restaurant. I always drag my friends over after drinking/meeting/whatever, and everyone leaves happy.The food here is great, and the combo boxes are wonderful. I also really appreciate that they turn the heat WAY up on the vindaloo, as it should be! If your ass doesnt burn the next morning, they are not doing it right!
In my opinion way better than Kati Roll. Not much to say other than Lamb Roll and a Thumbs Up = Heaven! Oh and the decor kinda makes you feel like you're in India, at least to me haha
I got the food delivered.The food was really good but only 1 hour late..kind of killed the mood, but to be fair, the food brought the mood right up!
Food was very good, but for those who are looking for lunch, this place does NOT offer lunch specials. When I asked if they had a lunch menu, they responded "everything is a special for you." It really is their regular menu, but since you are eating during lunch time, I guess it's a "lunch special." After ordering, the cashier told me to pick a drink, so I got a bottle of water assuming it was part of the lunch special. After looking at the receipt, I realized I was charged $1.50 for the water! I ended up spending $16 for lunch, which definitely wasn't my intention. You shouldn't ask the customer "what drink you like" if it will be charged. If you are charging for the drink, you should ask "would you like anything to drink?" The atmosphere and food was good, but not the most pleased with the dishonesty about prices.
Strangely enough, my favorite indian food experience was in London, with my first bites of spicy chicken masala (I understand there's a debatable backstory behind the prominence of indian food in London, but extraneous details get all fuzzy when I'm enjoying yummy food). Whenever I crave a similar experience in NYC, Masala Times is my #1 choice. It's cheap when it comes to eating quality food in the city, and so far I've loved everything I've eaten here, like their chicken tikka and chicken box. I stole some bites from my friends' bhuna rolls too and they were just as delicious. I want to give 5 stars for their amazingly savory food, but somehow I feel a little claustrophobic whenever I eat there since the interior's so narrow. The decor is fun and Bollywood-esque, but I think I know too much about the differences between American and Bollywood films now (as the mirrored wall opposite the tables will list each of them for you). Not so good for big groups, but perfect for more intimate outings w/ 2-3 friends. And it's close to Washington Sq Park, making it convenient for NYU students seeking reliably decent indian food.
Delicious food - one of my favorite lunch spots.BUT. BAD SERVICE.I've learned to NEVER order for delivery. Every time, it takes WAY too long. I have never gotten my food in less than an hour. The longest I waited was just short of 2 hours.Great food...but if you order, do it in person or do pick up. The cashier (one in particular) may be disgruntled and rude, but whatever. Luckily the deliciousness helps me see past it.
I just finished such a wonderful eat-in lunch at Masala Times!Right off the bat: This place loses a star because:-The chicken vindaloo was way too hot to even enjoy, even though I LOVE spicy food-Their prices are a bit steep for a hole-in-the-wall, but they're pretty in-line with other Indian places in the area. I was annoyed that no drink was included in their $13 special "boxes". (But, you can get a free drink if you "check in" at the restaurant through Facebook or something, I'm not sure how that works)Everything else about it is great. They serve HUGE portions and the staff is super friendly. When the guy at the counter saw I was struggling to eat their supremely spicy chicken vindaloo, he brought me (for free) a big glass of mango lassi, a large portion of chicken tikka masala, and a side of cool cucumber sauce. He said he felt bad watching me and wanted to make sure I enjoyed my meal :) and I certainly did! Other than the spice level of the vindaloo, I had no complains about any of the food. The extra helping of Tikka masala the waiter brought me was delicious. I took my leftovers home with me and it should be enough food for at least 1 more meal.
Just another ok type Indian Fast food place.My husband and I were in the neighborhood and wanted to try this place because it was rated so highly on the Yelp.Frankly it left a lot to be desired. The decoration and ambience is nice and done cutely with a comparison between hollywood and bollywood but some of it is def exaggerated.We ordered one anda pao bhaji as per the yelpers' recommendations. It was alright. My husband cooks even better one at home without the overdose of turmeric. I ordered the potato roll for myself and my husband ordered malai chicken roll for himself. Both our dishes were just ok.I actually had to get mine at home to eat later as I was not able to finish the anda pao bhaji. We are not going back again.
Delicious, tangy and satisfying rolls. We ordered a variety of different rolls and they were all excellent. My favorites were the chana masala roll and the paneer tikka roll. The accompanying green chutney is legit. It's a tiny little self service place - so can get crowded. I wish I could eat rolls everyday. :)
I am extremely happy to work very close by Masala Times, since it makes it a very easy and pleasant lunch option on days when I'm craving a taste of Indian served with a side of slightly Bollywood kitsch. I usually get the chicken achari, which is pitch perfect with its mix of spice and texture. It comes with a perfectly chewy fold of naan and a dose of these wonderful pink pickles that are the perfect start and end to your meal. The last time I was here, I tried the chicken vindaloo box, which was pretty spicy but also delicious, as well as the charming Thums Up, which is an Indian variation on our beloved Coke. The service here is amusing- the proprietor and his crew always seem a bit harried at lunch time, but just shoot him a calm smile and he'll return the favor and maybe even throw in a little joke for you. Despite all appearances of frenzy, they are definitely doing things right in the kitchen. Mmmm. I think I may get lunch here tomorrow...
Fun, Bollywood themed spot.  The walls are nicely decorated and lively.  Not a lot of sitting space but depends on the time you go.  It's open super late so you can always get your fix :)  Just make sure you blow on it cuz it's SUPER HOT!!*Super Hit (Unda Bhurji Roll): eggs sauteed with onions and peppers wrapped in a roll.  Great spice, super hot (heat), great flavor and comes w. a delicious dipping sauce to kick it up a notch.*Item Girl (Chicken Bhuna Roll): spicy minced chicken wrapped in a roll.  My usual order.  The chicken is moist and really good and i always pour on the sauce.  YUM!!*Mango laksi: very very yogurty with good mango flavor.
Well anytime i remember the amazing spicy food from my home country India, Masala times is my goto place. I love the food. The food has the perfect palette of indian taste. The place is extremely small and it cannot accommodate more than 10 people at a time. I prefer take outs so it doesn't bother me. The people at this joint are nice and friendly. Over all making it a good experience.
The food is really great - but its also somewhat pricy for indian food. Regardless though, I really enjoy the food and the sweet onions are really great. It's a really cute place too and gets a large NYU crowd because it's so close to campus.
Yum. Their paratha is soft and crunchy without the overly greasy feeling. Delicious chicken tikka. Small-ish portions but I'm biased, I was starving that day. And depending on what you buy, it might take a while for your food to come out especially for that lamb dish (it looked like sausage) and it takes forever.
I can not believe I have not reviewed this place yet. This has been my go to place for Indian food for years. When I am craving good ol' vegetarian Indian food nothing beats this place. The Paneer Bhurji pav is something I get up in the middle of the night and absolutely crave. Pros- Dishes to try: Paneer Bhurji Pav, Paneer Bhurji roll, Paneer tikka masala, Chole Roll ( I am biased for anything with paneer in it), Lamb bhunna rolls, Lamb Chops and Achari Chicken.-Excellent for lunch takeaway.-BYOB- excellent variety for vegetarians Cons-Along with being the best late night dining at least among the Indian Restaurants comes the issue of being packed.  The place gets packed at 2am (for that after drink snack), expect to wait for 15 minutes at least. I usually order and go wait outside or call ahead. It is a tiny spot and seating is limited.-Their food gets spicy. even for Indian food its really spicy.
I'm a fan. Yummy food--saag paneer was well-spiced, daal was classic daal as it should be (delicious), and rice and paratha were both tasty. Great portion size, good mango lassi, fast service, and I was ecstatic that they were open until 3am. Came out at 2 all the way from Brooklyn, and I wasn't disappointed. Yes, the "jokes" on the wall are dumb, but I don't care as long as the food and the service are good, and the place is clean. I'll be back.
Love the Hollywood v. Bollywood wall. and the decor throughout the place. including the bathroom haha. cheesy bollywood bliss at its best. Its worth coming just to poke your head around the place. I've taken a few people here - the food is decent, but never memorable. let's just say it gets the job done. but that's not why I come back - I bring folks here to give them a laugh and a taste of bollywood. AND they have a chair back that has a painted on portrait of Amitabh Bachchan! What more can you want??!
I'll keep this review simple and to the point: greatest spot I have found in the city to eat. The place is clean, staff is friendly/really sweet, and the food is hands down best food ever.
I'm a big fan of Indian cuisine and definitely open to trying out new joints especially if they have good reviews on Yelp. This place unfortunately was a bit disappointing. I guess, if you can have it delivered it's probably not such a bad experience but still I feel like my experience was missing something.The restaurant itself is your typical urban whole-in-the-wall with a few tables and a register where you order your food. Because obviously, the place doesn't add too much to the overall experience, there's 2 important factors that would make such a place a 5 star experience: the food and the service.The food was decent but the portions were small and while they were spicy enough, they somewhat missed the authentic flavor. The chicken tikka masala tasted too much like a regular tomato sauce which is definitely a miss.The service was also just as average as the food. Nothing out of the ordinary although the place wasn't crowded at all (I got there in between lunch and dinner).Add to the above, the multitude of similar places in the area and in my view, this isn't more than 2 stars.
Very nice place. Had the Chicken vindaloo which had a very rich and spicy sauce. The naan bread was delicious and the daal (lentils) were very well seasoned. The guy at the front desk was very helpful. Place has a great decor and which gives it a feel of casual but not so casual that it feels like a fast food place. Place was spotless. I recommend it. One of the larger meals with drink will run you about $15
This place is great, its good indian food at a cheap price.  I live in the nieghborhood, so I will typically get it to go, but you can eat there as well since there is a decent number of tables for a small restaurant.  I saw some people complain about delivery service, I cant comment on that since I just pick it up and it takes them less than 10 min to make the food - and I typically call ahead (but honestly, a lot of people are too lazy for that).  I typically get the chicken tikka masal combo box or the vindaloo combo box (I have had the chicken and lamb).  Be careful - the vindaloo is super hot and thats coming from an Indian who loves spicy food.  The combo boxes are great deals, they come with one roti (or paratha) and rice and daal.  My girlfriend got the saag paneer combo box and liked it as well.  Cant beat a whole indian meal for around $10...
Today I discovered that kati rolls taste good even without extensive apertifs.  Thank you, Masala Times, for learning me (and for delivering all the way to Tribeca).The prices at are extremely reasonable, and the portions are decently sized.  For my inagural order, I picked out two things:1. Unda Bhurji Roll ($3.99) - much like a kati roll with eggs (scrambled with veggies, tomatoes and eggs) and more onions wrapped in paratha bread.  Delicious and easy to eat.  I could have used more eggs, but that's almost always the case.  It was a small roll, and would not have been enough for lunch on its own.  Perhaps the meat rolls, which are priced a few dollars higher, are larger?2. Paneer Tikka Kebab ($5.99) - an absolutely wonderful and delicious value.  The box came with a full kebab that had been removed from the skewer.  There were 4 really large pieces of paneer and some grilled onions and tomatoes on a bed of vegetable pulao rice in the main section.  Another section was filled with lovely fuschia pickled onions and the third section had a little tub of green hot sauce.  There was a full paratha bread included on top.  The profusion of colors was very winsome.  This was probably the best presentation I've ever had on a delivery order!  Everything was great, although the paneer was harder than I am used to.  Still tasty and flavorful.Delivery was on the high end of the range provided, so as long as you time your order right, you'll be sitting down to a fantastic and exotic lunch, all without braving the perilous Tribeca wind tunnel!PARTING THOUGHT: The food at Masala Times goes really well with ginger ale!
I did some research and had my heart set on eating at The Kati Roll Company, but a few recent bad reviews made me look for another place. I found Masala Times, another Indian fast food place that serves kati rolls and shows a quirky sense of humor in their in-restaurant signs. "What a fucking weird place," I thought to myself, "but it's clean and the food is good." I ordered a lamb bhuna roll, which brought back fond memories of the Bademiya food cart in Mumbai. It was spiced nicely, but nowhere near as hot as my beloved Bademiya's lamb bhuna roll.
This place deserves a 3.5, but I just didn't think it was a 4 star place. I thought the food was good and it was somewhere I could definitely see myself going again(especially late at night) but it was nothing special for something that was 10+ bucks especially in an area with so many options.I had the chicken bhuna combo box and it was pretty decent. The rice and dal was aiite and the chicken bhuna definitely up to par. Like a lot of similar places, the food is kinda addicting, but you sort of know you're not getting a truly authentic experience. I will say the naan gets extra bonus points for being nice warm and toasty.
Awesome Indian street food place and our favorite hangout when we are in the village. I would recommend their kheema-pav(top class) and the lamb bhuna roll.
All I have ever had here is the lamb bhuna roll. Ate it on a late night once and kept on dreaming about it after, so much so that I'm afraid to try other things and risk them not being this good. The bread is crisp but soft and so, so hot, and the lamb is tender and spicy and the onions are just salty enough, but the best part is the green sauce/mint chutney. Don't forget to ask for it (once the guy forgot it because there was a 'food tourist' crowd ordering a ton of rolls at once).It takes a while, but that must be why it's so good.
Good clean spot with quick service. Delicious chana masala roll for only $5
Nestled into a nook on Bleecker St, this place looks cute and eclectic. It seemed to be  a popular lunchtime option with nearby work crowds. A large proportion of the clientele seemed to be Indian, so I figured it'd be authentic atleast. The staff recommended the lamb bhuna roll for "medium hunger", so I went for it.Eclectic Bollywood inspired decor, with generous helping of color. Pictures of movie stars on the chair backs, and a Hollywood vs. Bollywood poster thats quite funny and true. The roll itself was EXTREMELY HOT on all three occasions that I was at this establishment. So even if you are very hungry, don't try to scarf it down and desensitize your taste-buds, because you'll regret it. The paratha wrap itself is soft, flaky, ghee-laden and soft. The filling - tender lamb portions in a tomato sauce with just the right amount of spice and salt. I think this is head and shoulders above the nearby Kati roll in terms of quality and appropriate sodium content. I've also tried their "boxes" as a lunchtime takeout option before and although they are filling and probably healthier than the roll, not quite as satisfying. I also ordered a Masala Chai in my online order but they didn't have any when i went to pick up my order and was offered soda instead, which was a bit disappointing since they could have called me, given me a refund or listed it as something that takes a while to prepare online. Great cheap or casual eat. Roll $6, Box about $11. Open late. 3.5 stars.
I was up in the village the other day and decided to give Masala Times a try. Was feeling lamb so ordered the Lamb Kakori Seekh. It is a good looking place and definitely fits in very well with its neighbors in Greenwich Village. The fact that it is open until 3 AM will make many like me extremely happy!Service was good and the lamb was quite delicious - tasted fresh and was well marinated and tender! Quite a good helping of food for the extremely good price!Mango Lassi was good too - not the usual watered down variety that you get at other Indian restaurants!Will be back to try more :)
Great food...great for a late night eat out, had their Kheema Pav..had a great taste..also thr Anda Bhurji is good...must try if you are hanging near by with frnds.
Pretty tasty food for the price, and quite a bit.  Small place, but it wasn't too crowded when we went on a Saturday night.
It's a great spot. Very spicy and delivery time is solid. Portions are good too and I'm a big eater. Great value as well
Paneer Burji is better than Kathi Roll. Pav Bhaji is TOP Class! OM the boss will always take care of you!
Great food for a good price. I'll definitely return for lunch. I had the chicken lunch box with chicken vindaloo. Flavor was fantastic, spices were nice,  chicken was high quality, and the sides (rice,  lentils,  and paratha)  were great.
It's very simple:- delicious and relatively cheap food deserves 4.5 stars.- slowest service ever. Don't go if you are starving.- food temperature hot as hell for as long as you are eating. Still a mystery to me. So again, don't go if you are starving at the moment.
I ate here for dinner Friday night- had the egg wrap.  Within 1.5 hours I experienced food poisoning. Do NOT order the egg wrap!! My friend had the chicken tikka and it was dry. Will not be returning.
There's a yellow wall on one side of the place, it is full of embarrasingly stupid written attempts at humor.  So awful...I had a channa masala roll.  The channa was well-done, although the masala tasted a bit like Indian seasoning packets.  The paratha wrap was good, thick and well-cooked.Very limited seating, with maybe 15 seats max.  This type of food is usually found lining the streets of big Indian cities.I don't live close to this dive, but I would consider stopping by when my next trip to the Village takes place.
Cheap, flavorful and American size portions. You will not be disappointed. Try their combo plates.
Actual: around 3.5 stars ~ Great flavor and fast food, even if the service doesn't always come with a smile. Our cashier was a bit dour, but the food still came out piping hot and delicious. Even better sitting down with friends during a night out. Tried the unda bhurji roll and chicken bhuna roll, both were good but the chicken bhuna wins out for the spicy seasoning... the tortilla was warm with a hint of crisp from the griddle. Yums all around!
Limited menu, but food is great, and prices are decent. The Paneer Burji Pav is spicy, rich, satisfying, and tastes incredibly fresh. Friendly service. Loud and a bit garish decor, but it works for the aesthetic they're going for.
The place gets a solid 4 stars for the food! It's effin amazing, and I've loved the food here whether sober or drunk! Though everything they serve is awesome, whether it is the chicken bhuna roll or lamb bhuna roll, even paneer bhuna, egg bhurji rolls are freakin good! But the real gem, and a serious advice is to try 'Keema Pav' - after having it for the first time, my reaction was I don't need to have the Indian 'Pav Bhaaji' ever again my life.. Or hell, they would not have invented Pav Bhaaji if the world had Masala Time's 'Keema Pav'...I will keep coming back here again and again and again!! (they have a small seating area so not worth to rate that)
The paneer here is the best I have ever eaten and I am Indian. Best restaurant in New York for kathi rolls and it has the best people working here. They are nice, helpful and friendly! They love to make sure their customers have a good time while keeping us in our boundaries.
I love this place. It's our standard go-to food after a night of drinking. We're usually there around 3 am, and they always put up with our shenanigans. The guys behind the counter are great, they talk you through what to get if you aren't sure. I personally love the paneer bhurji roll; you can request it to be made spicy. The keema pav and lamb bhuna roll are also good bets. The green chutney on the side is nice too.Food is reasonably priced around $4-$7. I thought i could eat two rolls but was stuffed after my first, so just order one round and take it as it comes. They're really quick too so you don't wait more than 5-10 minutes for your food. The decor is fun and bright, they have hollywood/bollywood movie comparisons all over the wall. Overall: really good food, good prices and good service. what more do you need?
This place a small little restaurant they have a limited variety Lunch box menu but pretty straight forward.  The food is OK it's not bad for the area just wanted a little more variety on their lunch menu.
I've ordered here several times. Expensive for the portions. But recently I placed a delivery order and they completely lost it. I called an hour later to ask where my lunch was. The guy was super rude and didn't care at all. I won't order from then again. Why would I when there are SO many great places to eat in the city. They need to work on their dry rice too.
I've been living here for over 20 years and this restaurant has the most "O_o" interior design I've ever seen (that means its good). The owner is very friendly, its nice to get to know your restaurant owners otherwise it doesn't feel as welcoming and warm.I've tried most of the foods on the menu (chicken/beef/no egg dishes) and they've all been pretty good. I haven't disliked anything in the items I have ordered; I would say if you like Indian or spicy things go for it! Its good for a group of 3 or so friends because you can secure seats. I would not risk bringing a large group though... My only problem is the wait time for certain dishes, on a "good day" I would only wait maybe 3 minutes but when I ordered a Chicken Box, that took over 10 minutes :(.
Sometimes you can't really build on what other people have said. Instead, let's plagiari---err, I mean summarize:-Spicy is actually spicy-Cheap-Good-Open late-Staff friendly-Did I say open late? God, those are Vegas hours right there!Also, I'm not really sure if it's officially a BYOB. But I was drunk...and I did BMOB. Nobody said anything so...
What a cute concept for an itty bitty Indian restaurant: a tribute to everything Bollywood, with dishes labeled "Tender Love" and "Top Secret Revealed." I ordered the more boringly named "Veg Box," which was $7.95 and consisted of rice, naan-like bread, daal, pickled onion salad, and an entree (I chose paneer tikka masala). Everything was served piping hot, spicy, and fresh. I saw them making my bread right when I ordered it. And the masala sauce was phenomenal. Even though it was burning my taste buds off, I kept eating it because the flavor was perfect.Also on the menu are rolls (I imagine they are dosa-like, but I'm not sure) for under $6 and normal entrees averaging about $8.The 6 tables inside provide an excellent view of the funny Hollywood-Bollywood comparisons. My personal favorite: "In Hollywood, if you vomit you're drunk. In Bollywood, if you are married and you vomit you're pregnant. If you aren't married and you vomit you're a disgrace to the family."Come and enjoy, or take home and enjoy. Either way... you will definitely enjoy.
What a fantastic surprise! We don't have many casual, take-out Indian spots in Boston and I was blown away at how good the food was at Masala Times.  Seats opened up right around 10p for our group of 5, and we brought our 6-pack from the Bodega across the street and settled in.  I got the chicken box with tikka masala - perfect amount of spice and the lentils were delicious, and the to-die-for bread, and also split the channa masala roll with everyone. Whoa. Seriously good food.Dreaming about the next time I can head back!
i came here because i was craving indian food but at the same time didnt want paneer and naan. i read a tip for pav bhaji and i really wanted to try some!probably the best pav bhaji in nyc! pretty big portion and i love how it comes with chopped onions and lemons on the side. pav is soft and buttery!we also got paneer bhurji pav and paneer bhurji role both were delicious! the paneer bhurji was very different from what i tried a couple years ago- a little saucier but extremely delicious! mango lassi is amazing as well!
Move over Kati Roll in West Village, you got some late night competition.  Some friends of mine wanted to go here after going out.  I wasn't hungry but the thought of going to a new place that everyone was raving about was too tempting. I had shared the paneer bhurji roll with my friend - wow so yummy and when you ask for spicy they MAKE IT SPICY!  Mouth on fire!  Sharing obviously wasn't smart as we wanted more (someone lied to us and told us the rolls were triple the size of kati, haha).They had some cool options too.  Paneer bhurji pav (and the other meat options were available that everyone seemed to like - lamb and chicken).  I love pav bhaji bread so when the paneer bhurji pav was too spicy for our married friends, me and my friend that had half the paneer bhurji roll swooped in and finished the rest.  Definitely will be back!!
This is more of a 3.5 but so be it.The food here is good and inexpensive.I usually go for the lamb box. The portion is very generous. The mango lassi is good but never cold enough (put that bad boy in the freezer for a little while). However....The heat level in this food is out of control sometimes. Like seriously out of control. I love spicy food but this place makes it borderline unbearable. The lamb vindallo and bhuna are crazy spicy. Not cool. Please lessen the spice level at bit.
One of those restaurants that reminds you how lucky you are to live close by. Clean, excellent Indian food, tender-as-hell tikka masala, and fresh, never stuck together rice.
I gave this place another try recently and really, although it is cheap, I am just not digging it.  The chicken tikki masala was too damn spicy and they only give you a couple pieces of chicken which is ridiculous.  Come on! They should be more generous with the portion sizes!!!
Given my experience, I'm being generous with the 2 stars.First of all, the environment of this place sucks. I know others will try to justify it by saying, ohhh hole-in-the-wall places serve the best food though or ohhh that's just the restaurant's character, but no, I mean this restaurant is DIRTY and GROSS. We saw various trash bugs crawling over the tables and counter hand sanitizers. You probably wouldn't notice it if you were just going in and out really quick, but we ate in and trust me, WE NOTICED. Not appetizing!Secondly, the cashier guy is not a friendly man. He was constantly cold-shoulderish and curt with us. When we asked for the prices, which aren't on the big menu, he condescendingly pointed to the small side menu with the prices, as if ONLY THE BIGGEST IDIOTS COULD HAVE MISSED THAT. Rude. Secondly, if you go to NYU make sure you show him your NYU ID for a discount BEFORE you place the order, because if you show him your ID while you're paying, he will say it's "too late" even if you haven't paid yet. Although we SHOULD have showed it to him first, most places with DECENCY and AVERAGE CUSTOMER SERVICE would be kind enough to give the discount instead of rushing to type your order in so that you CAN'T GET A MEAGER DOLLAR OFF. Also, be sure to check-in on Facebook to get your free drink.We ordered the Chicken Tikka and Lamb Kakori Seekh, and the food took WAY TOO LONG (over 20 minutes) for the MEDIOCRE Indian food that we received. If you're trying to decide, I'd go with the chicken tikka because it is actually pretty good. The lamb kakori seekh was very spicy and not that tasty. And the little itty bitty water cups they give you is just not enough to satisfy all that horrendous spiciness. I mean, I was sweating. Me and my friend both felt like the food was so spicy that it was burning our stomachs. She said the food was so spicy that it impaired her hearing. They aren't kidding when they wear shirts that say "Very spicy." on them. For what we experienced, the prices here are too high. Knock the prices down at least 25%, and maybe we'll talk.I don't understand why anyone would come here. It's not fast enough for take-out, not cheap enough for the food quality, not good enough for a celebratory meal, not clean enough to be a business. NYC DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH- SHUT IT DOWN, SHUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!
Not sure what happened with our order, but the food was very, very bad. Chicken tikka masala was dry and served without sauce, and the flavor wasn't anything close to what I've experienced 10 other times with this dish. Naan (or "bread" on their menu) is a flatter, more oily version like other reviews have said, which I personally don't care for as much as fresh, fluffy naan. I don't have a lot more to say. I will never order from here again, do not recommend, and am not sure why it has good reviews.  I'm beginning to wonder if my negative experience had something to do with ordering food at 9:30pm on a Wednesday? Maybe they messed it up? Still, that shouldn't be an excuse.
This is the worst place of life. No customer service etiquettes. The worker named Om is the most disrespectful man I have ever spoken to. Will never order from here again. Ordered from seamless and Masala Times did not confirm the order. After waiting an hour, we called to check the status and the guy said, and I quote "it's a Saturday night I don't have time to deal with your seamless order". Thanks masala times. You guys lost like 20 customers just now.
Fun place, fun people... Yummy food. Saag chicken box  was really really yummy. The quantity and quality both are fantastic and satisfying.
Takeout review only.Picked up the chicken and lamb rolls from here for dinner. They were both fantastic. The lamb was better than the chicken roll. They are very oily as well, but the flavor profile is amazing and makes your taste buds wake up. Would definitely buy food from here again. The price point is also reasonable.
Working in the West Village has its advantages and this is one of them.  I usually get their chana masala kati roll and it is too die for.  I am constantly craving it and have brought it home several times for others to try.  While I am not a fan of paneer, I did bring the paneer kati roll for my hubby and he devoured it!!  So this place is a winner for us.I usually call in my order and by the time I walk there and enter the place, my order is ready.
love the food. no complaints what so ever.
I've been here multiple times and enjoyed the food . Today went back with my gf and after waiting a bit for our food we finally started to eat. I could see a slightly disturbed look on her face. So I asked what was wrong and she told me the lamb tasted sour. After taking a bite and nearly puking, i confirmed . ...... Also the rice tasted like it was cooked in dirty water/ stale. I was shocked after having a few good experiences. I went up to the guy at the front to talk to him about the food and let him know just for the future customers. Instead of listening to my concern he tried to teach me what lamb vindaloo was . He should've taken a bite himself. He then came by I assumed to apologize. But instead he asked if I wanted green peppers on it ? This baffled me . I told him it's fine he can keep it. Never going back. (1/5)
I wish I hadn't found this place...really. Now even if I steer myself away from it's Bollywood-inspired decor and tears-of-happiness-inducing menu, my drunken-munchies-craving self finds myself here at 3am many a day.Try the paneer bhurji, revel in it, let it be one with your waistline. The hands down winner is the paneer tikka masala that comes with the veg box. The first time I tasted it, I cut into a dream sequence of being back in Mumbai eating at my favorite restaurants...in typical Bollywood fashion.If you like to bust into a song and dance routine for no understandable reason, try this place, the food will be reason enough; the other reason being that it's acceptable in Bollywood.
We had vegetable roll and Paneer roll.  It was amazing.Their bollywood chairs are also good  so are the writings on the wall.
I absolutely adore Masala Times!!!!! This is probably one of my ten places I miss since my relo to the west coast....I make it a point to stop in for their Unda Bhurji Rolls. YUM!!  I have never been here with more than a few friends, space is tiny and there are 5 or 6 tables.The Bollywood-Hollywood compare notes on the wall are cute.They are usually open really late in the night so stopping in after a night of libations is always good..
Love the Veggie Combo box with chana masala! I get it everytime, extra spicy, and never disappoints. In the combo you get the main dish with naan, rice and dal. Plenty of food and really filling. The food is flavorful and not bland. Service is also pretty consistently good. Sometimes can be a bit of a wait so call ahead.
I passed this place by more than a few times, almost completely avoiding the impulse to try it.  The super-kitschy decor made me think it was probably overpriced and very generic-tasting.  Then I read a few Yelp reviews and figured I'd wing it.  Thank you fellow Yelpers!  This place is great!  The atmosphere is extremely casual (few things get under my skin as much as an Indian restaurant that's really full of itself), and the guy at the counter is very friendly.  He takes his time to explain the dishes if they need explaining.Service is quick, but not too quick, and the food is awfully tasty.  The spicy dishes are ACTUALLY SPICY...that's a huge plus in my book.  The dinner boxes are a great value, with more than enough food to fill you up.  And, the more I come here the more I dig the decor.  I make a point to read a different part of the wall each time I visit.  Lots of cool Bollywoodisms and such.All in all, great choice for Indian food in the West Village.
I only know two things about the meal I just ate from here:*It was vegetarian.*It was phenomenal.I can't even tell you the name. I was looking for tandoori vegetables and they were apparently fresh out... so the nice guy taking my order recommends something. Says it's great. So I took him up on it. I suggest - when you visit - you do the same.Also. While I was waiting, I overheard the same guy mention that he's been here 10 years and hasn't found the time to make it out to Brooklyn. Tip well and let's see if we can't help this man see a brownstone or two.
Stopped by using a paypal coupon. I would've never discovered this place otherwise sadly. The portions are huge and so in that manner the prices are far. For a sit down Indian that is this delicious, the prices are actually very fair! My friend and I split the chicken tikka masala combo box and both felt full at the end. Everything tasted so delicious; I actually haven't had good Indian since back home in NorCal, like 3 years. So this was a treat. Both my friend and I said we will be back soon!
Pretty pretty pretty good!(As LD will say)I had tandoori mushrooms with rice and Paneer bhurji. Mushrooms were perfect, juciy and very tasty. Haven't tasted a better Paneer bhurji in NY. I will go there again.
Guy behind the counter tonight wasn't so great. Kinda snappy. And why is there no way to get a combo meat and veggie. $10 is pretty pricey for chicken in sauce with rice and bread no? But (sigh) I'll be back as long as it's the most convenient tikka masala on macdougall.ETA: who am I kidding I absolutely love this place despite being overpriced and not great customer service. the food is sooooo good!
Not my favorite Indian place, but still good. The selection is limited, but for fast take out, that is to be expected. There are some small things that you can order that aren't on the menu, which is both cool and slightly annoying. (Why not just list everything on the menu?)For a quick fix of Indian cuisine, it's a pretty good option.
My selfishness has created a dilemma of epic proportions.  Not really, but here's the deal.  Masala Times is so fucking amazing that I don't want to write this review or tell any of my friends because I want to keep this tiny restaurant all to myself.  However, I also want to tell as many people as humanly possible so they will stay in business forever.  And I mean forever.  They're going into my will as caterers for my funeral. This restaurant is so bloody amazing!!!  Their spicy dishes are ACTUALLY spicy.  They are not afraid to make people cry.  This alone warrants the five-star rating.I've had the chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, lamb vindaloo, and the chicken kebabs so far.  The tikka masala is a good choice for those who have low spice tolerance.  The vindaloo is strong in a WONDERFUL way.  Soo flavorful!  The kebabs I don't particularly care for, but not cus they were bad (they were also really yummy), I just really love my spicy food.Their combo boxes are super cheap and a great deal for a filling dinner, ranging from 8.95 for chicken to 11.95 for lamb or something.Not that much seating, but the views are definitely amusing.
I order the chicken tiki masala EveryTime!!! I'm addicted! I love this place and the man who answers the phone is awesome, polite and always kind! This is my favorite Indian place on the planet!!
This place has delicious rolls... if they had more locations they may give Kati Roll a run for it's money! Great Bollywood references on the wall to read while you wait for your order. Would be great if they had more locations uptown!
This place is great!!! Been going here to satisfy my Indian food cravings lately.  The proprietor also owns the Indian Creaperie a door down from it.   Which is just as fantastic but more on a Southern Indian tip (dosas, idlys and etc.).  But at Masala Times the Chicken Tikka Masala is spiced just right here.  The box options gets you paratha bread, lentil soup, basmati rice and chili spiked vinegared onions!  Great deal if you ask me.Lamb Bhuna roll!!! So good!  It's like double the size of a kathi roll.  So cheap as well.  2 Big Thumbs ups to the Thumbs Up soda.  I think it's the Indian version of Coke...got a little different flavor (cardamom)? It's really refreshing and comes in an old school glass bottle like sodas used to come in back in the day!  Try it!!
I get a lot of delivery from MT.  The combo meal is A-Ok.  Yes, the daal is way too soupy and there are visible pools of oil in the tikka masala.  And what's up with the fried bread instead of just some fluffy na'an? BUT relative to other Indian delivery in the area, it's fast, reasonable and usually on the flavorful side.  I really love Indian food and crave it quite a bit but being a single person, don't order that often. It's one of those cuisines where I want to eat a few bites of a bunch of things.  Much like Chinese, I don't want a big takeout container of just one item.  So Masala Times allows me my Indian fix and I only have to order one dish for a bit of variety.  Good enough!
My friends kept hyping this place up, so  I decided to go with them to try it this past weekend.The food is great. Get the lamb roll.The decor is modern too. Read the wall, it's pretty hilarious. They even have the faces of Bollywood stars printed on their seats (unnecessary, but nice touch).Slightly pricey, but solid late night food.
This place was just ok. I was most disappointed by their naan and by the fact that they brought me chai tea and charged me for it when I didn't order any chai tea. I was disappointed and my friends felt the same.
Maybe this is good for fast food indian but it's not objectively good compared to fancier places or even other fast food places I've been to. The meat quality was lower than I'm used to. The Vindaloo sauce was more vinegary than I like. The naan was not up to my standards. I did really like the samosas though and the rice was fine.
Getting a mountain of pressure from Laura G to write an update-Yes! Quality at Masala Times has significantly improved! Ran in here for lunch, dinner, post dinner and a sunrise snack during summer. Dudes are open till 5am on weekends, and they'll welcome with you paneer bhurji, lamb chops and rolls of all sorts. They make it any style you want, with anything you want, which is really awesome. Also, Masala Times is a lot healthier, unlike it's neighbor rival, Kati Roll.Sweetest staff ever, with an always happy to please owner sometimes mr chef himself!
An Indian restaurant designed to be more of a fast food/take out place and a little trendy.I got the Lamb Vindaloo dinner box here (around $10?) and it was good and filling though extremelyyy spicy. I usually can take spicy foods pretty well, but this made my mouth water like no other. Also be careful because it wrecked my stomach pretty badly, but that might just be because I very rarely eat Indian food.A few tables along the side, and food is served relatively quickly. Not wheelchair accessible however, as there is a step just outside the door.
This place is good and funny.  Good is the food and funny are the writings on the wall that compares Hollywood to Bollywood.  I had a chicken tikka masala dish and was very satisfied with the portion, service, and taste of my dinner.  Till next time Masala Times!
Loved it!This pint-sized Indian restaurant is all class. From the thoughtful design work on the tables, walls and logo you can tell this place is rock solid. The rampant theme is movies and movie cliches, which is a fun and light-hearted approach to dining. The menu is perfect. Just enough options to keep it interesting but everything is legible and brilliantly laid out on a single card. And it all sounds delicious!I told the owner I was from out of town and that I wanted someone unique. Without hesitation he told me to go with the Chicken Achari (pickled chicken in a marinade). Sounded weird, but I trusted him. And boy, was I happy with this dish! Absolutely sensational. My friend got the paneer tikka with chicken and cheese cubes. He was ecstatic! I tried his too, and it was deeply satisfying. The bread is similar to naan but different. I forget the name. For me, the biggest appeal of this place is that it's not a traditional Indian restaurant in appearance. It's young and hip, and very casual, yet the food is stellar! And most, if not every item is priced under $10.I would try to eat here weekly if I lived in NY. A fantastic operation, and I wish them much success. We need more places like this in Florida. Until that ever happens, I will dream of returning here!
Ordered a chicken kati roll from this place and the chicken was very dry. Dry chunks of chicken in a kati roll is cardinal sin. I wasn't overly impressed with the spice mix it in it either. Just didn't work for me.
Am I the only one that finds this place incredibly salty?Maybe I didn't order their signature dishes like their skewers, but their representation of tikka masala and vindaloo put out a poor performance.I got their dinner boxes. Their side dishes are as non memorable as their fellow main ones.  People keep commenting on the decent prices. I guess for dinner itd seem like a steal, but for lunch...i'd stick with my 6th st indian restaurants!
Ordered:Tikka masala chicken lunch boxOften order from here for lunch. Perfect to get my indian food fix. Only complaint is the level of spiciness can be unpredictable.
DEAR FELLOW YELPERS!!!!! BEHOLD.....MY 100TH REVIEW!!!!! WOO-HOO!!!! HERE'S TO ANOTHER 100 REVIEWS!!! And I couldn't celebrate it better than with a review of a tiny piece of Mumbai heaven...well, I don't know if the owners are from Mumbai, but they are definite fans of good ol' Bollywood! I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo plate for under $8.....Spicy heaven....The chicken is deliciously saucy, unpretentiously spicy with the given ability to actually taste the delicate Indian spices, the rice which explodes with its saffron(maybe?) flavor, the lentil soup, and the pickled red onions for garnishment......AH-MAZING!!!! The ambiance is very debonaire.....Zesty Bollywood factoids along with portraits of Bollywood legends on the furniture, which pays homage to the great heroes and belle dames from the Bharat Movie Scene..... The fact that they are also able to teach the average person about how the Bollywood and American hero differ, is also very enlightening....It kind of gets to a point where they throw the facts in your face, and that is actually what makes it more amusing...It makes you stop, savor the spicy chicken, and then say, 'They're so right'.....Great place!!! Run to this hidden gem that is also open at until 5am during weekends...(I don't even want to imagine how one would feel when they wake up...) GREAT PLACE!!!
so good, cheap and filling! And they also deliver! I got the Paneer Bhurji Roll and it is an explosion of flavors. a tad bit spicy and sweet. The sweet peppers and onions tempers the spiciness.  The paneer is so fluffy!
not your traditional indian food!  If you're looking for a quick, flavorful and fun meal, stop on by...you'll love the witty Bollywood/Hollywood comparisons that litter the wall.I had the Keema Pav (minced lamb cooked with spices)...it was very mild...I actually tapped into the hot sauce on the side, but it was kind of like lamb sloppy joes...they were DELICIOUS!  Again, not your traditional fare, but definitely a tasty trendy meal.  It was great for our group of three...any more than 4 would have been a tight fit.
It's late. It's a weeknight. I was starving, and Masala Times was absolutely delicious. Try the spicy chicken roll. Also, they have Limca and Thumbs Up cola, which I've never seen outside India.
Love this place. Great sense of humor on the signs, courteous staff,  most importantly, delicious good. Esp love the lamb chops  all the chicken dishes were very tender  succulent. Prices are reasonable for NYC. Can go wrong here. Just wish there were more seating.PS this place has a seat w a pic of Amitabh Bachchan so it extra points in my book! :)
This is prolly one the best place to have wraps or rolls in NYC. I have had these veggie and meat wraps almost everywhere but these rolls are class apart. The staff is very friendly and they really give personal attention to each order placed. The paneer wrap or roll and paneer tikka dish one of my most favorite items there and I would recommend everybody regardless if you are vegetarian or a non-veggie you should try that.Not just this time but everytime I am visiting NYC I am going to eat at this place.
Lemme tell you, we were in a hurry and yelped something nearby and this little gem popped up. We walked right in and were instantly enamored with the bollywood v. hollywood quotations on the walls. The menu was very informative and fun and then of course the gentleman, despite having done a double shift the day before, was exceedingly friendly. Then the food....My god the food....My extra spicy chicken kabobs were something that I have never experienced before...Chicken kabob bliss. My girlfriend got the mushrooms. Again, like no other mushrooms i've ever had, simply amazing. Coupled with the Naan and chutney this was truly an orgasmic experience.
I have been grabbing take-out from Masala Times about once a week since I moved into town. They have great food all around. My favorite dish is definitely their Lamb Box w/ Lamb Vindaloo. On top of the good food, they have a really interesting decor and the owner is super friendly. As far as cheap take-out Indian goes, this place cannot be beat.Pro-tip: grab a paper menu rather than reading the board, there are descriptions and some takeout options that aren't listed elsewhere.
After a long 5+ hr ride from a ski trip last weekend this yummy, scorching hot, and deliciously spicy KATI roll hit the spot!I've passed the place many times before but never went it. But since my cousin swears by it we stopped by. I had the ITEM GIRL (Chicken Bhuna Roll): spicy minced chicken roll. It was really good and some how  stayed  super sizzling hot even 10 mins into eating it..haha I hear that the SUPER HIT (egg kati roll) and Spicy Lamb Roll are also really good. Only downside is they are alil small for $5.99 a pop but overall def very good and who can beat a snack spot that open till 5AM!
Walking home at 12:00am craving Indian food, saw this place, AMAZING! I had the chicken tiki masala box, it came with rice, dal, onions, nann bread. The chicken was perfectly cooked, the dal was divine, and the nann bread was fresh! they close at 3:00am! I will be back
Americanized Indian food at its best!I'm not a hater because I love chicken tikka masala as much as the next person. The combo box is a really good deal, and it comes with a nice vegetable rice and bread. Chicken is slightly dry but the sauce itself has that great tomato flavor that we all cherish and love. This restaurant is a good price point and the food came out relatively fast. Plus while you are waiting, you can read the cute little comparisons of Bollywood to Hollywood that are painted on the wall. Something about how Hollywood is considered the slutty cousin to Bollywood..Come here with mediocre expectations and you will be fulfilled beyond your wildest dreams.
Good, fast, cheap, and open late!  It's not the best Indian food, but for what it is, it's great.  I was actually really impressed, I thought the food would be merely decent because it looked like a small, fast food Indian place.  To my surprise the food was made-to-order.  The entree came with rice, bread (which looked and tasted like roti to me), and sauce.  For all of those reason and that I also liked the Bollywood theme, they deserve five stars.
This place wails. I've only ever ordered the chicken box, and I love it. The curry is rich and very flavorful; the chicken tender, moist, delicious. I love the bread they serve, and the spicy salad and daal are perfect accompaniments to the main dishes. I've never actually eaten inside the restaurant, but I know the guy who takes orders over the phone is very friendly. Best Indian delivery place in the village. One day I might go eat inside the restaurant. Until then, I will continue ordering the chicken box from the friendly order-taker.
from their own web: In Bollywood lingo, Masala refers to exaggerated fight sequences, over the top melodrama, uproarious dance moves and all the juicy gossip that surrounds the world's biggest cinema industry.I've eaten here a few times and I still think the Times needs to kick this food up even more than the Bollywood lingo implies.  I haven't been as impressed as the rest of the reviewers here.  Maybe I'm not asking for enough spice but felt that the lamb bhuna roll, the rice and the chicken achari all needed more flavor-heat-something... I'll still come back if it's late night, don't want to wait in line at the kati spot around the corner or just have a craving for some indian street I'll still stop by if I'm around the corner.
Had the chicken bhuna roll which was priced reasonably. It was filling and surprisingly well-seasoned and flavorful. It took about 5-7 minutes for my food to come out, so pretty quick service. This is actually one of my favorite places in the neighborhood and I love their cute wall decor!
Happened upon this walking with my kids when someone leaving was raving to his friend of 'how good was that food'.  I gave it a try as so unhappy with most indian food lately.  So glad I did.  It was almost perfect, and this is from a fussy, finicky foodie living in nyc all my life and hard to please.  I can't complain about one aspect.  It was spotless, super fresh, great quality, and delicious.  Spicy like indian should be, yetstill so spot on for most tastebuds.  Just do not order the vindeloo unless you can seriously stand very spicy.  The tikka masala (I know it's typical order) was outrageous.  I will def be eating here and taking out for the hubby often.  I hope it stays consistent.
This place is the best.Best drunk food in the city for sure.I lived on this block for 3 years and went there 2-3 times per week.  Never go tired of it.Absolutely amazing.
Came here for something to go. The first thing that kind of bothered me was the fact that a couple of the workers were smoking literally right in front of the restaurant near the door. It doesn't look very professional and it sucks for non-smokers. So I got the chicken plate with chicken tikka masala. The masala is a bit too sweet for my taste, which I could over look. But today I found a one inch hair in my side soup after I had already eaten half of my meal. Really gross. That's why I'm giving one star. Sorry, but that is unacceptable. Cooks should be wearing hair nets
For "Fast Food" Indian this place is fantastic. The proportions for the price are great. I have dinned in twice and carried out once, the food is always hot and very fresh. I love the Chicken Tikka Masala box, delicious!
Every bite is tinged with an essence of India. The rice has shades of cardamom (swoon!) and the lamb was fragrant and tender. Will definitely go back to try more dishes!
Good but currently has a B health rating. :-/ I wouldn't want to risk it, but I did like it in the past.
Had the cheese paratha roll. Was really tasty and I didn't feel gross after for fast food Indian.
EWWWW! I live next door and the food is disgusting and the owner is a slim ball! He gave me food that had been sitting under the counter for probably an hour that was nowhere near edible. I'm also very scepticle of the health grade too. Very disappointed. I think it was once a nice place.
Absolutely love this place. I think this weekend was the first time I was there sober and it helped that the food tasted just as good as it did when I've been there drunk. It's a no frills kind of place and if you get there around 1:30, might find it tough to get a table. Love the Chana Masala Roll here (better than the same dish at Kati Roll down the block). The Paneer  Egg Burjhi with the Pav is fantastic. Just make sure to order extra Pavs (you'll need it).
The past few times I've been here the chicken was dry and the price has gone up 20-30% since my last review. I think they changed head cooks. I don't go back here much anymore.
Tikka Masala and Saag boxes are some of the best indian meals I've had in the area.    Add one of their Mango lassi's and it's the perfect meal.
Consistently delicious and a great value, even if it had been at higher prices.I always get one of their lamb dishes for delivery, and they have all the different parts separated in one of those TV tray tupperware things. It's a minor point, but I do get the feeling that they care about the quality of their takeout.
The order took 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Food was fine, not amazing.  But obviously, it was cold.
This place was good.  I've definitely had better Indian food but this was tasty, none the less.  We got the boxes- I had lamb vindaloo (the guys in the kitchen made it "baby" vindaloo for me.  I like spicy but I don't want to burn my tongue off!) Friend got the chicken masala.  Both were flavorful. The naan was good and so were the sides that came in the box.Great service, tasty food, a lot for your $, worth a try.
So my two options last night were either street meat outside of Wicked Willy's area (which I like) or trying this new place I saw through Yelp.Positive1) It was full of Indians eating there which makes it seem legit2) It was indoors and warm with seating3) It was deliciousNegatives1) Yes, the food was "quick", not late-night "quick"...2) It was expensive for late-night food (I am used to food trucks)So I would definitely go with a group (i.e. not alone) if you want to extend the night a bit while sitting down, but not if you are solo and are just looking for a quick bite
I need to let people know that I have had terrible food Poisoning from this place.  Paneer Tiki Masala was the order back in April.   I would eat from this place every two weeks.  I used to love it thought it was one of my favorite Indian places ever, prices were great etc...Until one morning at 5am I woke up with severe stomach pains and all food poisoning symptoms shortly followed.  I couldn't move for over 6 hours.  My stomach wasn't the same since for about A MONTH after.Please be careful when eating here.
(Preface:  This place is on my "Two-Week List," in which I list the top twenty restaurants and bars that I'd go to if some soothsayer came up to me and told me that I only had two weeks to live.  Check out the full list on my profile!)I love this place and come here so much that the guys here make me my own special roll that's not on the menu.  (It's like the lamb bhuna roll bit it's EXTREMELY spicy.)  I seriously don't even have to place my order.  They just see my face and ring me up.  This place is amazing.  These rolls are seriously to die for.  I haven't had anything but the rolls ("dosa"?), so I cannot tell you what their actual platters and entrees are like.  But the rolls are so freshly made-- you can see a guy at the stove, cooking the actual crepe-y lentil part (forgive my ignorance for not knowing any technical term other than "dosa" or "crepe-y lentil part").Rolls run about four bucks.  I have tried them all -- the paneer one, the chana masala one, the egg one... and they're all delicious!  If you like things with a kick, then by all means go for the lamb bhuna roll, though.  It's messy.  It slops all over, and you will smell like onion and meat for a while.  And it is fantastic. The ambience is super fun post-game because it's so, so, so bright.  (Neon pink and yellow.) It feels weird to be there in the afternoon, but I have gone many afternoons, too!  Post-game it's fun to come in a group and read all of the funny Bollywood stuff on the wall.  Ah, if only they had beer...
The decor is pretty cool and hip.  More Indian restaurants need to follow suit.  Why is it that only Japanese and Thai restaurants have cool interiors?  Indian restaurants always have those cheap lacquer chairs with crappy tables with glass over the tablecloth.  Finally, an Indian place with a unique and modern interior.The food was good but the service was so slow! It took almost 15-20 minutes for my food to come out. When you are ordering from the counter at a restaurant you expect the food to be ready with 2-3 minutes.  Also most of the time if you call ahead for pickup, they don't start making your order until you get there which defeats the purpose of calling ahead.  But their to-go boxes are cheap at $7.95.
If you like spicy indian food it is the good place. It is cheap, it is tasty. the staff is friendly. I tried the Veg box it was very good, and the second time I tried the tandoori vegetables it was just ok.
This place is a lot of fun, and the owner/manager has a great sense of humor that matches the pink/yellow decor of the place and the Hollywood vs Bollywood signs on the wall.I've had two dishes here so far:The Unda Bhurji Roll (eggs sauteed with onions and peppers) is a kati roll.  The paratha was delicious and the filling was light.  I asked for it spicy and was obliged.  This was a really great kati roll.I also had the Paneer Burji Pav which is described as grated cottage cheese sauteed with onions and peppers.  I wasn't in love with this dish, I'd say it was "interesting," but nonetheless, it was very flavorable. It came with a little pickled salad and paratha, which is how I ate the Paneer Burji Pav.They also carry Limca, which is an Indian lemon/lime soda that I love. Their mango lassi is also very good.
As someone commented earlier, this is definitely the cleanest / brightest Indian restaurant I've been in.  They just opened 3 months ago, and they have a fabulous attitude which will help their lasting power.We had the boxes, I had the chicken tikka masala and my friend had the vegetable box.  Food wasn't bad.  Chicken tikka could have been more tender, but overall, solid performance.  The boxes come with pink onions, dal, rice, and paratha (bread). And mango lassi was as expected.  Two dinners for around $20, can't beat that.And note, they are open late - 3am.
Compared to Kati Roll and Indian Bread Company which previously occupied this spot, Masala times has the best food in the category (Indian Snack Food). The food here is fresh, hot and flavorful and does not have that reheated texture you can get from Kati Roll sometimes if their food has been lying on the grill too long.I ordered the Chicken Tikka Roll which was moist and flavorful and not too spicy. The chicken was laid on a bed of rice with a paratha on top. Onions and lemon are provided on the side along with green chutney. You can put the chicken inside the paratha along with the onions and dip it in the chutney, but I loved the chicken so much I just ate it alone and awkwardly finished off the fresh paratha with onion and green chutney.All in all a great filling meal for less than $10 with Coke in a place with an interesting Bollywood vs Hollywood decor and adequate seating area. And if you go alone, you can stare at a Bollywood star whose faces are the upholstery of choice for all the seat backs.
They have one of the best Saag Paneer's I've ever had, I think they grill the paneer and everything is made fresh when you order it. Everything is delicious here. They also have superb mango lassi and they have limca and thums up! Anyone who's been to India knows these beverages are crucial to authentic street food. Small interior but it rarely gets crowded, unless they have a food tour group... which can be really annoying around lunch. Great service and friendly staff. The vegetable tikka was so good I changed m review to 5 stars.
Like Indian street food? Pav bhaji and chicken rolls make your mouth water? This is, hands down, THE BEST casual Indian fare I have had in the city. One of my top meals in NYC: the paneer bhurji pav. The shredded paneer, well seasoned, pav heated to the perfect crisp....mmm, heaven in my mouth. Second suggestion: achari chicken. Some of the most moist, flavorful chicken I have tried, served with a flaky, delicious roti, saffron rice, and onions. It takes all my will power to not go here every single day for dinner. Highly recommend!
Popped in here for a quick, cheap nibble and this place definitely delivered. I had the chana masala (chickpea) roti roll -- a hearty, grilled wrap that was super favorable and fresh. My companion had the lamb bhuna roti roll, which he said was delicious. Each dish comes with a sharp green dipping sauce. The dish also had robust heat -- not crazy spicy but they definitely aren't pandering to watered down US palates, either.    Each dish was about $5-$6, a real deal for Greenwich Village these days. The restaurant is super clean and has a fun Bollywood-style theme.
Thoughts while eating sandwich 'omg this sandwich is so delicious. The bread is soft and crispy just the right give. The lamb is tender and juicy not drowning in sauce but carefully marinated. The cilantro and red onions are fresh as can be and give the right bite. This tastes 100% home cooked.' And guess what this sublime lunch costs? 5.99. The place is spotless and the decor and messaging entirely clever. Love it! Only problem is this: there is not one near my house!!!!!
First time eating there and it was absolutely worth it.  It has some nice character with Hollywood vs Bollywood decorations.  Everything is cooked to order which makes the food fresh and tasty.I had the Pickled chicken which was fantastic.  5/5 would order again.
I like the fact that they deliver for free in the neighborhood and are open quite late into the night. The selection for vegetarians is pretty minimal but the food is of decent quality and their portion sizes are just right.
Ordered two Chicken sets with a friend. One tikka masala and one bhuna. Tikka masala was enjoyable. (looked up on the goog and saw it was just tomato and paprika sauce, hmm why so hot?)  Bhuna on the other hand was horribly spicy. I like spicy but this was ridiculous or excessive. I noticed right away how oily the sauce was and proceeded to taste it and was taken back by the spice. I do like spicy food but this is instant indigestion, hello tums!!!. The set comes with rice and dal, both were enjoyable. Naan is also included but is kind of oily almost like buttery toast, edible but not the best quality. Also ordered a mango lassi, very good and helped with the fire burning in my chest. I have also ordered the chicken biriyani before and it too was overly spicy, which biriyani rarely is, unless requested or specified. It's as if the dishes are being spiced up in order to add "flavor", well it's a failed attempt. Stick to the Tikka masala or order somewhere else that wont burn a hole in your chest... still burning now after drinking a yogurt drink to help, it's been over 4 hours... yay
If this was a bar, it would plop right down into "Dive" territory, and not that kitschy fun dive bar, either. First off, considering this is nothing more than a drunk eats place, the prices are astounding. You could pay the same for entrees at a GOOD Indian restaurant. I got myself the chicken seekh kebab. There was honestly nothing to remember about it - I am a constant critic of restaurants that basically toss raw chili's or chili paste into all of their food to cover up the fact that their food sucks - Masala Times goes into this category. The meat was dry, the rice insipid, and at $11, the portion was a rip-off to sit in this dingy hole and dine. I tried what my friends ordered as well - the chicken achari was rubbish, absolutely and utterly flavorless with once again, some uncooked chili's dropped in. The worst dish by far though is the chicken tikka masala; Besides being oily, it is SWEET. One spoonful tested by gag reflexes - this belongs on the dessert menu at this Little Shop of Horrors of Indian cuisine. Make sure you have the cost club sized bottle of Tums waiting for you at home after eating here.
I was looking for a place to have a solo lunch and do some work and as I'm always craving Indian food, and the prices on the menu were pretty cheap, I walked in. Everyone who worked there was super friendly straight off the bat, and the decor is bright and cheerful. I ordered the Keema Pav, which was the perfect amount of spicy and very plentiful. The mango lassi was also good, but nothing spectacular. At the end of my meal two of the people behind the counter asked me how my meal was, and seemed to genuinely care what I said. I stayed for a little while longer doing work and the cashier gave me some more mango lassi free of charge. Lovely people there.The only reasons they don't get 5 stars is because they served the great food on paper plates and with plastic cutlery, which is not only wasteful, but took away from the general feeling of the place. The music was also too loud for such a tiny place, but mostly it was good music.Overall, GREAT experience, highly recommended.
Better than the other Indian places in the neighborhood in terms of taste and value. - Chicken Tikka - surprisingly large chucks of meat - Chicken Tikka roll - a little expensive for a meal, but good option.
I got a Chicken Saag combo that came with a paan, rice and a spicy little salad of some sort. Additionally, I got a Mango Lassi.Everything was very good. I guess I wasn't that hungry I didn't touch the rice or salad except to taste. When I'm in the mood for north Indian cuisine and I'm in this area I'll be back. There are amusing signs on the wall comparing Hollywood and Bollywood.
better for well plated takeout than eat in as seating is limited.  food is wonderfully textured since proteins are grilled separately from stew base, all steaming hot worth the wait fresh food is full flavor spiced without being over whelming, no stick rice, perfectly baked chewy flat bread, helpful patient staff.  best complimentary dishes for a couple to share: tandoori mushroom (grilled tops), box (grilled) chicken or lamb saag(spinach).  check yipit for occasional promotions.
Clean simple Indian food, what could be almost termed as Indian street food. Aspects like pav ( bread) and panner/ kheema/ unda are common food on street corners in India and Masala times has stayed true to the flavors.  i personally have tried the kheema and the paneer and looking forward to their larger lunch boxes sometime.
I love the spicy mushroom and lamb box. The portions are large and the roti is warm and yummy! It's a good place for lunch.
Last time I had the lamb vindaloo which was delicious. This time I decided to try the chicken tikka masala. It was way too sweet for me.
I tried out their food while being in US for the first time. I had a Veg Box with Paneer tikka masala along with daal, veg pulav rice and bread. The quantity was like just ok for a well built person like me. The food wasn't too spicy, just plain enough.
Tried the chicken tikamasala combo and even though it said mild it def had some spicy kick to it, in a good way. Love this place and since they closed the Baluchi's in SOHO this I think is a decent alternative to those days when you just got to have your tikamasala.
Had the Unda roll and Tandoori mushrooms which were spicy...cute place. Didn't try the curries. Nothing really memorable. I prefer Kati roll.
Small hidden gem in Greenwich Village. Their Chicken Tikka combo box is the ideal meal, and it's really well-priced. Their delivery comes quickly and it's super easy to order through Seamless. The restaurant itself is very small but cute and very nicely decorated. I would most definitely recommend this.
Masala Times offers simple Indian food in a fast-food setting.  The ambiance lacks charm, but the Bollywood music helps, and the food is pretty good.  Most dishes are extremely spicy, but the mango lassi helps a great deal.  And, best of all, Masala Times is open until 3am, which makes it an excellent option in a neighborhood that can lack decent late-night food options.
I only found this place from fellow yelpers. The reviews lived up to expectations. I've had Indian food in Mauritius and India itself and this one is par with them. Get the lamb box. Will blow your mind.
excellent food! but the service is not so good. they have a tip jar at the front, which the man ensured that i noted. however, considering that they do not even bring the food to your table - he would grunt and ask us to pick it up, and that you clean-up for yourself, i am not sure why you would give them a tip. but again, the food is excellent and the place is clean, thus the 4 stars. we had a living social voucher, so the price was right too.
My boyfriend had taken in from here on several occasions and kept telling me how amazing the food was.  We decided to stay in on Saturday night so I finally decided to give this place a try and order in.  Well, my man proved himself absolutely correct!  The food here is amazing.  Better than what I had two weeks ago on 6th Street, too.We shared the chicken tikka masala combination and the lamb kakori seekh.  Both were incredibly delicious.  And I couldn't get enough of the masala sauce.  I don't know what they put in there but it was like crack to me!  I think the combos are the best deal because you get the dal and rice and bread.  All for under $10??  What a STEAL!I highly recommend this place and am so glad it's so close to us!  Definitely the real deal.
The Bollywood theme is fun and the food is cheap and pretty decent for the price. Definitely not the best Indian food but I would come back. I would recommend the lamb bhuna roll.
As a long-time Indian food hater, this place really knows how to hit a good spot in my belly! I personally cannot handle spicy food but despite the fact the food here burns the hell out of my insides, the super tasty flavor is what keeps me craving and coming back for more. My go-to is the Chicken Marsala box, which is creamy and delicious -- highly recommend if you're anything like me since its mild version is not as flame-inducing but definitely gets you warm. The shop is small and intimate and the people who work there are super nice. I especially love how the hours are incredibly convenient for late-night owls like myself.
The lunch boxes are very filling, which is good! Good bang for your buck. They have everything you need (probably too much such as rice+nan). Flavor is good, I enjoyed it! The presentation isn't great and the texture/consistency of things such as the grated-cheese saag paneer or the flat-ish nan could improve.I didn't like having to use plastic containers for food-to-stay. The music is modern Indian, which is good -- I'm not a fan of over-the-top traditional tabla music all the time in Indian restaurants.
I came and ate here around 12am since it was one of the few restaurants open at this time. I love Indian food, but this tasted nothing like real Indian food. It was a fast food gimmick. This store sold you a picture and the idea of Indian food but did not meet expectations.It was an interesting experience, I ordered lamb kebab and received what tasted like cheap hot dogs, rice and spice. The food was probably mainly composed of artificial ingredients, and I just cannot recommend this place to someone who truly knows what Indian food should taste like.Just try another place.
A cute nouveau -Indian place with reasonable prices and a friendly cook.A tiny place but bright and welcoming decor. Tried the chicken tikka kati roll - we were the only ones there, and they were friendly.The chicken was nicely spiced (a little American for my taste, but that's probably their crowd). The kati roll was perfectly buttery.The masala chai was nice - hot, milky, and spicy.
I'm sorry, but how could you not like Masala Times? Yes sometimes they take awhile, but have you had their food? It is some of the most authentic/amazing Indian food I have had in the village. If you're so serious about Indian, give Masala Times a try with patience and you won't be disappointed
Best tadka daal and rice for a US Indian restaurant, my favorite comfort food when feel sick of eating out. Also, their chickpea Kati roll is the best, this place is so much better in terms of freshness and taste compared to Kati roll company
Kathi Rolls are so so yummy! Best one is paneer!! Lassi is great to have on the side with a plate full of rolls!
Horrendous! Save yourself. there is better out there. This was a waste of $$. I am not a food snob. I do not take giving this review lightly. We just wanted simple good Indian food. It's NOT here.  This was terrible... Go anywhere else. Really. No grudge...  just major disappointment. They are not even trying...
Small menu selection, but it's a great selection. I just wished they made maybe a paper menu that actually describes the dishes instead of blatantly listing the names.The chicken biryani, the lamb biryani, and the chicken tikka masala box were amazing. Definitely flavorful and really spicy. They do not take mercy for the spice level even if your culture normally do not use such extreme hotness. I'm glad to find a legitimate Indian restaurant with actual spicy food. However, the chicken was on the drier side.I recommend getting the mango lassi. Or rather, for me, it was a must. This alleviated the spice since it does have milk. Not to mention that it was really yummy too.They also give you a free drink for participating in their Instagram posts. My brother got one. I've never seen him so proud before.
Very good Kati rolls. Tasted authentic and made fresh. All Indian people there so you know it's good. Juicy and flavorful rolls. Takes a little while to make but understandable.
Masala Times is stunningly good considering how quick and (relatively) affordable this place is. They serve the typical variety of Indian fare, although I highly recommend the rolls. Masala Times is certainly built for takeout or a fast meal, as it only can fit 3-4 tables in the shop. I ordered the lamb bhunna roll, which featured tender, well-seasoned lamb nestled within a just slightly crisped roll. I also enjoyed the samosa chaat, both the sauces and fresh ingredients (e.g., chickpeas, onions). Add a nice selection of Indian sodas, and Masala Times makes for a nice, quick Indian dinner or lunch in the West Village.
Terrific food. Not a huge menu but very good choices.friendly and fast. Will return! Chicken tikka masala is delicious!
Finally got a chance to try out their vegetarian curry box ($13 and change as take away). After eating I kind of want to dance some Bollywood to burn off the calories. It was really yummy. I had the paneer tikka masala with daal, bread and pickled onions. The tikka masala had a very nice flavor and just right enough kick to it (not a fan of too spicy food). Will definitely come back for more. Only reason I didn't give them a 5 star rating was that they but the bread on top of the rice so by the time I came home the bread was saggy :( next time I'll ask them to put the bread separate.
Stopped in for lunch with a friend. I got the chicken tikka masala, my friend the chicken korma combo. The combo dish is served in a plastic, sectioned dish (I don't usually particularly care about how things are served but this seemed super cheap/flimsy/unimpressive) with a generous serving of the main with roti (bread), of basmati rice, and of lentils. Each component of the combo is good, but nothing special. The lentils were tasty, the tikka masala was not as rich as I expect of a solid masala, and the rice was standard, but again, I was not wowed by any of this. Neither was my friend. You order at the counter, seat yourself in roughly 1 of the 4 booths in the place, wait for the food while observing the strange Bollywood decor and once the food is ready, you stand up and fetch it from the counter.  The roti was my favorite part.   For $14, I wasn't that impressed. Maybe if I was doing dinner take out it'd be worth it, but it seems unlikely.
Very tasty  spicy. Kind of small portions but still leave mostly full.Certainly an inexpensive way to grab a bite in NY. Seemed packed with a younger type crowd. More of a fast food feeling than a sit down type meal though
GREAT FOR LATE NIGHTCame here after my cousin picked me up from JFK at 1am.This place is small and the menu is confusing at first, because it doesn't give you the price but if you go to the counter there is the exact same menu in a smaller version on the wall with the prices. All dishes starts around $8 or $9 I think. Could be cheaper but still acceptable.Food: Decent, fresh and a good way to finish off the day.Only VERY disturbing thing is the iPad at the counter with YOUTUBE and the indian music picked by indian customers. They keep switching the music and it all sounds the same for me: Bollywood dum dum dum shaka shaka dum lalalala....
I love the theme and the food in this place. Once u enter they usually have Punjabi music blasting late at night and most of the customers are drunk and happy. I really like the chicken and lamb bhuna rolls and the paneer bhurji roll. Haven't tried anything else but plan on it the next time. I'm looking forward to the next trip there
Just had a craving/quick bite for Indian food before the Halloween parade. masala times def. came in the clutch. I ordered a couple rolls (Spicy Potato and Spicy Lamb Stew) and they were both delish. Came with complimentary chutney and washed it down with some mango lassi, I was one satisfied customer. I'm coming back again and ready to try some more awesome dishes!
I love the chai and kati rolls. I really love this place and would come more often but even if I am the only customer in there it takes at least 20 minutes for a kati roll and I don't always have that kind of time to wait, hence the four stars instead of five.
This place is always a delight. Paneer tikka is amazing. All their rolls are good. I tried there rasmalai for the first time. Highly recommend. And yea...don't forget to check out their wall.
On a day where I had an aborted Bar American meal and an appointment ruined by an Earthquake, I wasn't in the best mood. It was around 4PM and I didn't really eat anything substantial all day. Perusing through the Seamless I encountered Masala and ordered the Chicken Saag/Daal/Veg Rice/Nan. About 25 minutes later my meal came and after taking a few bites, I could hear Joe Budden ask are you in that mood yet? To answer you Joey, yes. I knew right then and there that Masla served it's purpose. This is what comfort food is all about cheap, prepared quick, and tastes goooood. Masala took me back to the Curry Hill all you can eat buffets in terms of food quality. Unfortunately I became a bit spoiled, but I can take what I can get down here. So thank you Masala for being able to make my day right again. I look forward to visiting you in person soon and checking out your campy Bollywood vibe.
I am a regular here and for good reason. Typically, I do not like Indian food all that much, but this place is soo good I keep coming back!I love getting the Lamb Vindaloo Box, which is $9.95 and comes with rice and bread, so very reasonably priced. The sauce is good because it has a lot of depth; it's got various spice flavors and is also very spicy. The Lamb Vindaloo has such a great range of flavor that is hard for me to get tired of it. Also, their Mango Lassi is one of the best if not the best I have ever had. On top of great food, everyone who works there, especially the owner, is incredibly nice and helpful.Very important: They don't advertise this anywhere, but they are totally BYOB!
Great food and helpful service. Manage to prepare quality Indian dishes, which usually take a long time to make, rather quickly. Highly recommended.
I love this place.The FOOD IS AMAZING and I get it all the time. The only thing is that I always get delivery because THE STAFF IS RUDE!
Excellent food, clean, fun ambiance, very nice/quick service. I had the chicken malai kabob-it was perhaps the best Ive ever had. Mango lassi and the chai were also very good.  Great choice, especially for late at night since they are open late.
OMG... sooo good! and it's open until 3 am!!! I get the lamb... oh god this place is so good... I need to go back soon...
Okay I am now a fan. I tried again since I was craiving Indian. The problem was they sent the wrong item, the great part was that it was very good.
I was craving some Indian food, so turned to Yelp and found one of the most amazing little Indian restaurants I've ever been to. First of all, there's all these cool little quotes on the wall that are super entertaining to read. Second of all, the chairs in the restaurant all have pictures of Bollywood superstars on them. Being a huge (somewhat obnoxious) fan of Bollywood, I loved it! After I was over the initial excitedness, I decided to order the chicken plate. This was hands down probably the best chicken tikka I've ever had in my life. Juicy tender pieces of chicken in a rich curry with just the right amount of spices and masala. If you can't handle spicy food, order a raita (cucumber yogurt) as well. The plate comes with rice, naan, as well as daal. Extremely filling for under $10! I loved it and if ever in NYC again, I will make it a point to stop by!
Didn't realize it was fast food, with plastic bowl and utensils. It wasn't the best Indian food and I have an uncorroborated feeling that the vegetables and peas found in the rice were freeze dried. I wouldn't go back.
Had the food here once last month and loved the paneer bhurji.  The aloo-tikki however wasn't that great.  But let me decide that after I taste it again - as I am bound to come by here a few more times purely to taste the paneer bhurji. :D  Will post an update later once I get to eat the other veggie items too.
For the price and the late hour that we went, I had set my expectations on a good, cheap meal - the kind that you dig because you're starving, but then later you might think that it wasn't that great. Instead what we got was a meal for which I would have paid twice the price and one that I am still thinking about the next day. Unbelievable! Such nuances of flavor and a great balance between spicy and fresh. A new favorite in the neighborhood. Thank you!
We just ordered our food when a mouse came running across the main floor of the restaurant, under the tables and into the kitchen. We cancelled our order and left.
"American Desi" has nothing on this place.  If the food doesn't get your five stars (and it should), then the atmosphere definitely should!  The walls are filled with hilarious Hollywood and Bollywood comparisons that keep you entertained while waiting for your food.  The menu is extremely quirky and has cute names like "Item Girl" for all of their dishes.  Even the chairs are adorned with pictures of Bollywood actors/actresses!  You may feel like it's a bit much for a roll (just by a bit), but it's worth it and it makes for a great hang-out spot.  It's a bit tight inside, but nothing out-of-the-ordinary for NYC.
If I could give a 2.5, that would be most appropriate.The GOOD:  1)  The cashier suggested the lamb kabob box for me and it was delicious.  It was an adequate portion of spicy lamb meat  along with daal, flavorful rice and a bit of pickled onion.  2)  My girlfriend had chicken bhuna recommended by an employee and it was delightfully spicy.The BAD:1)  The meal for both of us with a bottle of water and soda cost $28.  It wasn't that much food.2)  It is a huuuge pet peave when restaurants send out entrees at different times.  There was NOBODY IN THE RESTAURANT, but our friend got her meal first, mine came five minutes later, and my girlfriends came five minutes after that.  There was no explanation why our entrees came out in a ten minute window.3)  The decor is abnoxious.  (My girlfriend says its unintentional.)  How can decor be abnoxious, you ask?  It consists of writing on the walls (stencil?) which compares Bollywood to Hollywood.  Each writing can essentially be boiled down to this:  Bollywoood = wholesome, Hollywood = immoral.In SHORT:  if you have a hankering for tasty Indian, you're looking for an average sized meal and you don't care how long it takes to be served, then this is your place.  Otherwise, there are much better places to eat in the neighborhood on the cheap.  DoJos and John's Pizza instantaneously come to mind.
Really dig this place. It's small and a lot odd but somehow very likable. Had great channa masala. Would definitely recommend just to experience the uniqueness.
Awesome and cheap. The staff is helpful and courteous. Lamb vindaloo was quite spicy, with a complex layer of flavors with delightful subtleties. I would highly recommend.
Outrageously good, very reasonable price.  This place is very slim on table seating and dining ambience, so get take-out or be prepared to get cozy with other diners or take your meal outside.  But even sitting on the curb, you will not be sorry that you ordered this phenomenal quick Indian plate.
REAL INDIAN FOOD...I love this place!!! I love every dish I've tried at this place so far. Their delivery service is quick and nicely packed. Try the VEG combo or Kebab Roll. You won't be disappointed!
Went to this place with my wife for a Sunday lunch. We loved the to-go lunch boxes: Lamb Vindaloo  Chicken Tikka Masala, both delicious! The boxes come with daal, veg rice, and bread and were $9  $8 respectively. The man at the counter was friendly and asked for our preferred level of spice. Will definitely be back!
def my most most fav place to go after a late night out ! never disappoints !! amazing amazing food ! love the platters here esp panner Bhurji and chicken Bhuna !!!! can go back there every evening if needed !!! love you masala times !
I love this place I order there at least once a week. food is so good and inexpensive. my boyfriend and I spend a mere 20 dollars for a meal from here. great place for vegetarians! We order the saag paneer and tandoori mushoroom. The saag is always great and spicy. sometimes the mushrooms can be really spicy so watch out !
Very disappointed with both the food and the presentation/atmosphere. Ordered what was advertised as chicken tikka. However, what we received was much closer to tandoori chicken, and a mediocre version at best. Also ordered tandoori vegetables. Basically just plain sauteed vegetables coated with plain yogurt. No effort had been made to cut the vegetables into sizes that were easy or appealing to eat either. Both dishes were served with instant basmati rice and plain paratha bread, both of which were pretty boring and tasteless. In addition, all the food was served on paper plates and we were only provided with plastic cutlery (a plastic knife is incredibly inefficient when trying to contend with a palm-sized carrot slice or giant piece of broccoli). For the prices they are charging, I found the quality of food and the lack of effort unacceptable. For great Indian food in this area at a reasonable price, I highly recommend Mirch Masala on MacDougal St right around the corner. I will certainly not be returning to Masala Times ever again
I love this place, it has an amazing Lamb Bhuna Roll and a great Lamb Bhuna Box. I haven't had anything else there yet. Taste great. The place has a ridiculous smell of curry when you walk in, but I am sure most Indian spots will, so not for those who have issues with such things. The place is very clean, and the staff is very friendly. If you are looking for Paneer rolls, my friend thinks walking down to Koti Roll is a much better idea. I am rating this after going to the place three times and eating the same dishes. Just to see how consistent they were in preparing the food and the level of service. Strongly recommend. If you are in to the bollywood scene, you will love the writing on the wall.  Wriiting this review from my iPad, so apologizes for the poorly written review.  Enjoy
Great food, cheap prices and open late.  I really hope this place gets more business as I don't want it to disappear from my late-night options in the neighborhood but I've never run into anyone else there (at least not at 3am).Definitely go for the Tandoori Vegetables.  The veggie kebab is good too... kind of a green paste that they mold around the skewer and roast.  Even as someone familiar with the names of standard Indian fare I must say that I always find the menu to be a bit enigmatic.  However, the staff is always helpful so don't be afraid to ask questions.
All I had here was mango lassi, but I loved the decor and vibe of this little place so much! The chairs with Bollywood stars on them are so cute, and the sign proclaiming the differences between Hollywood and Bollywood is hilarious. A very smart move on the owners' part -- the vibe really differentiates MT from all the other Indian spots on this block.
My hands-down favorite in the neighborhood. The only reason they're not getting five stars is because they lost Deepak, the amazing manager who kept everything ship-shape and was always a joy to talk to. He had a way of convincing you to try everything on the menu--that guy could really sell, and you'd never be sorry you tried his recommendations. He was the one who introduced me to the chai (not on the menu!) and the yogurt lassi. The food is still good without him, though, even if it doesn't have quite the same flair. DEFINITELY try the chicken achari ("pickled chicken" sounds weird, but it just means marinated) and the alu tikki roll. If you're really hungry, the lunch boxes are an excellent deal--I'm partial to the chicken saag, but they're all excellent.
Great little restaurant.  Well made Indian dishes at great prices.  Perfect for what it is.
I picked up the Chicken Tangdi Kebab (which is really two drumsticks), the Keema Pav (Ground Lamb with peas and spices), and a Mango Lassi to go. The entrees came with pickled onions, a green (cilantro?) chutney, and  bread (Roti and Slider Buns, respectively). The chicken was moist and flavorful, akin to tandoori chicken minus the artificial coloring; the lamb was tasty, salty, and fun to assemble into Indian sloppy joes. It did take trial and error to perfect the right combo of protein and accoutrements: if combined all at once, the onion, chutney, and squeeze of lemon muddled the flavors. Pick one; two tops.  The Mango lassi was thick, yoghurty, and satisfyingly refreshing and, surprisingly, a bit savory.Service could be faster. Given that this place just opened, it's hard to ding them on that.
I'm not normally a huge fan of Indian food, but this place might just turn me. Really delicious chicken wrap (mmm naan), and my friend's paneer (cottage cheese  veggie) wrap was a repeat (and apparently just as good as the first time around-- points for consistency). It was completely empty at lunchtime on a Friday, and service was a little slow since it was just one guy, but the upside of that was that he was making our sandwiches fresh and was very friendly. If you have a few minutes to wait for a delicious lunch, highly recommend this little spot. Go for lunch so it stays in business, or I'll be sad.
Full,filling meet for $10. My biggest pet-peeve with Indian restaurants is that they always seem to undercut the spiciness if you're not Indian. Not this place, it was the spiciest vindaloo I've ever had and I didn't even have to ask to make it spicy! Also, they serve roti instead of naan, which is another positive in my book. Also, the music/decore is really fun, be sure and read the Bollywood v Hollywood wall.
will NEVER order from here again. food was not delivered (called them several times - no one answered the call) - eventually just cancelled the order through seamless.Yep - i get delays, i'm not unreasonable. but answer my calls, and call me BACK if there is an unreasonable delay. dont tell me that the food will be here in 15 mins. thats just a plain lie.
I still think this is a 5 star value - the food is fresh and hot and really delicious.  They have changed their menu somewhat since I first started ordering and the lamb bhuna roll is fantastic.  But it is just a bit small and there is nothing good on their menu for delivery to supplement it with.  Would love if there was a larger roll option or easy supplemental side dishes to go with it to make a complete meal.
Tasty, and consistently so. Prices are also very good ($6-7 for the meal (rice and bread included); 8-9 for the combo (w/ small soup and daal). The portion sizes are generous; I usually get a meal and a half out of this.Ambiance is kitschy, and I'm not a big fan, but I care much more about the food than the atmosphere!
Being an Indian, it is very hard to find authentic Indian street food with good taste. Lucky for me Masala Times opened up near my work. I ordered Paneer tikka masala- spicy and it was sooooo goood. However my colleague ordered some chicken curry, which was alright, nothing to brag about. Price is really cheap. I got rice, onion salad, and roti with my order. FYI: For people who wants to eat american version of creamy indian curries, this is probably not the place to go. This is more authentic, less oily and less creamy.
Awesome Food .. Simply loved the paneer tikka roll... the best i ever had!
other than the fact I had to wait over an hour for my food to arrive - i'd have to say its pretty good. I was pretty anxious for the food to get here because I was so hungry and I'm literally an avenue away and I could have walked there and just as easily picked it up - which would have been much quicker but I was at work at the time so I couldn't just pick up and leave.But to my surprise when the food finally got here, It was indeed still nice warm which was very pleasing. I was scared that it would get here and It would be cold and I would mad but it turned out I was wrong and it was great. I ordered the Chicken kati roll and thought it was delicious. I also ordered the Chicken Biriyani which also was very good. And the prices are good too.I'll definitely return here but most likely will find time to pick up the food instead of delivery.
Good food, seems pretty clean...idk what else to say about it. Ordered from the place two times and liked what I tasted. The guys behind the counter were nice too, which is a big plus.
I'm a fan. It's fairly reliable for nicely spiced tandoori cooking. Once in a while it'll let you down (too many inedibly chewy pieces of lamb! Egg roll too spicy to eat!), but in general, you're going to get a decent meal here. Prices are better than almost-next-door Sangam's, if you're digging generally South Asian food (though I suppose the dishes at Sangam might contain a little more food, so it might even out in the end). And it's pretty awesome to get a paratha with almost every meal, when you're in the mood for paratha. Also the mango lassis are possibly the best I've had in the city. The owner is also friendly and the decor is a hoot.
The Tandoori Vegetables here are excellent!  Service was friendly and prompt, prices were right ($4.99-9.99), and the Bollywood themed menu/décor is bright and fun.
Their food is gooood, their prices delicious! The staff was super helpful and nice! We also admired the design of the small space: simple, appropriate, inviting and surprisingly intimate. Will return soon!
Much improved from when they were the Kati Roll Company. Their rolls still don't stack up to the rolls on MacDougal, but the rest of their dishes are well priced, the atmosphere is cool, and- speaking from experience- the lamb vindaloo is spicey and delicious.
I've started having Masala Times for dinner about once a week.  The portions are generous, so I usually wait for a night when I'm very hungry.   The food takes about 5 minutes to be prepared and comes out hot and fresh.  Employees are all friendly.  Last night I had the Chicken Tikka Masala which comes with generous portions of chicken, rice, pulav and .  Heres a pic of my meal: nycfoodpics.com/2011/06/…The whole thing cost about $9.  It's refreshing to have affordable Indian food in the neighborhood.
First of all, this is the cleanest Indian restaurant we have ever been to! The ambiance is very nice as the owner is the one who serves you. The food is freshly made to order and is very good, but if you want to have a variety of things to order then it is best to come early because they sell out of the lamb dishes. Try the pickled chicken.The one bad thing is that you get served on a paper plate and have to use plastic-ware. Otherwise, make sure to ask for extra onion salad - it's delicious!
I have only ordered takeout/delivery and can't speak to the dining experience, but the food is consistently delicious.  Open late, which is great for nighttime Indian food cravings (we all have them, I think.)  The vegetable box is a bargain and more than fills an empty stomach.  Possibly the best saag paneer I've had stateside.
authentic egg roll, i mean chinese style:) the stuff there asked me why 95% chinese customers choose this roll, i have to say, it  tastes really good to us:)
Ordered delivery the other night.  the Lamb Cutlets and the Lamb Kebabs.  Both delicious.  Both came in wonderful bento type containers with delicious pickles, rice, and a delicious green sauce and a paratha.Flavorful, nothing was greasy (or ghee-y).  Super Delicious.  Spicy, but with lots of flavor, not just heat.  I am going to remember their late hours and definitely choose this over greasy pizza next time.Highly recommend.
Had delivery from this restaurant and the food was mediocre at best.  The shrimp saag smelled spoiled so we threw it out.  Perhaps it's better if you visit the restaurant judging by the reviews.
Seriously great!! Still craving this food a day after I ate it. Ordered the Tikka Masala box and it was a really good amount of food for the price. Also got a side order of Raita, which was very yummy! Ordered it through their online ordering system which is super easy. Waited about 15 minutes and then went to pick it up. I had to wait about 5 minutes once I got there, but the atmosphere is entertaining with the Hollywood vs Bollywood quotes all over the walls. Highly recommend trying this place out if you're in the area and craving Indian food.
I got the paneer bhurji pav.. just the right amount of spiciness with great flavor. The bread reminded me of what you get on the streets of india, but a little too buttery for me. The place was quick but kind of weirded me out that in the kitchen they were putting the uncooked food on the floor....other than that it was great...i would come back
Great food at the right price. The choices are tasty and service friendly, but sometimes it takes a while because the kitchen is so small. I've never had a bad meal from there
So I was in the village yesterday, in a bit of a rush to grab dinner, and I had a mean hankering for some Indian food.  I pulled up Yelp on my phone, saw that this place Masala Times had some pretty good reviews, and was nearby, so i strolled over to see what they had to offer.  When I walked in I was very disappointed with what I saw.  [disclaimer: i totally judge books by their covers].  At first glance, Masala Times is a chain-type, fast-food type, completely un-authentic Indian take out spot.  The walls are covered with all sorts of gimicky Bollywood shit - I almost left before I even ordered.  Considering that I had only half an hour to get some grub, i said screw it, and stepped up to counter and gave it a shot.  Thank God I did! Masala Times rocked my face.  This is some of the most delicious Indian food I've ever had in my life.  I ordered the Veggie Combo Box.  Altogether it was under $9, completely satisfying and utterly delicious.  The highlight of the meal was the Paneer Tikka Masala.  WOW.  Hands-down the most zesty and amazing tikka sauce I've ever tried.  I really like how everything was SPICY.  they've got balls making that food so spicy.  I'm a spice LOVER, but this might be too spicy for the average bear.  The tofu in the tikka, was far and away the most succulent, tender, mouth-watering piece of tofu I've ever encountered [and I'm a meat lover, so I have pretty high standards on the tenderness and succulency of proteins, lol].  The rice, the dal, the bread, the pickled onions, everything was top notch.  Next time, I'm getting the lamb box!!!
Very good, clean. The aaloo (potato) roll is way better than Kati rolls' down the street. Daal and roti is v good.
This is a fun little place for Indian Food. The interior is interesting but not over done. Love their Lamb Bhuna Roll! It is the right spiciness, filled with lamb, and the portion is enough for lunch. My friends tried their Chicken Bhuna Roll and Chicken Tikka Masala box, both are really good, so definitely come back here again when craving for Indian Food.
This place sucks! The 2 decent dishes (paneer bhurji and keema, everything else is either mediocre or plain gross like the cardboard dry unda bhurji) on their menu don't make up for their lack of organization and customer service. I order 1 dish for delivery at 6pm, which I wouldn't consider an overly busy time for dinner. The delivery estimate is 30-45 mins. Over an hour later, no sign of delivery. I called to inquire and was casually told that the food was sitting there but no delivery guy so they would send it out whenever he returned! No apology whatsoever. They expect me to wait another 30 mins at least for 1 dish, which is going to be stale and cold by the time it arrives!! What's worse is that guy didn't think anything of it!! Monkeys could run a better business. No thanks! This place is not worth it in the least! I'm Indian and have plenty of other (better) choices for indian good delivery!!
Delicious, CHEAP indian food!  We each order a box (sag paneer and chicken tikka) and a roll to share, it was so much food just the boxes would have been more than enough.  The boxes were all under $10 and the roll (which could have been a meal in itself) was $5.  And they are open until 5AM on the weekends!
The thing I hate most about ordering from Indian restaurants is that I inevitably pay a high price for a massive amount of food, and by the time I'm done eating, I feel so full and disgusting that whatever flavor the food may have had is gone from my mind.  That, and most Indian restaurants don't make anything even remotely similar to what I consider to be Indian food (judging by my parents' cooking).  Not the case here.  I ordered some chicken tangdi kebab from Seamlessweb, and the price I paid was incredibly low, and the portion size of the food was absolutely perfect, and the bread was included in the price.  The food was prepared well, and it was not dripping in oil the way it can be in some other places.  Also, I like that you can't order a vat of creamy Americanized nonsense with a few morsels of meat here, just grilled classics done right.  I like that a lot.  I also was pleasantly surprised to find that they delivered my food in a compostable container with only the utencils I need.  That's great.  Oh, and I forgot to mention... the onion salad that came with my food was surprisingly awesome.  It tasted just like the kind my dad makes, though it was dyed purple for some reason (my dad doesn't do that...)...
I would probably give them more of like 3 1/2 stars but obviously I can't so I had to go down to just 3. Just had this for lunch and I had the Vegetable Box, with the Saag Paneer. It came with the Saag Paneer, Daal, Veggie Pulav Rice and Paratha Bread. Everything was good except for the Saag Paneer, it was EXTREMELY SALTY. Before I ordered I checked the reviews on here and had seen some other reviewer point out the fact that they thought it was extremely salty as well. I went ahead and still ordered thinking maybe it was just a bad one time thing, unfortunately not. I'm not a crazy stickler about salt but GEEZ. I'd rather they put less and I add more myself than just having the whole container dumped in. For the price, I'd definitely say it was good though, $7.95 before taxes and tip. Everyone seems to rave about the rolls so maybe I;ll give that a shot another time. And I'll make sure to not have salt for a week beforehand.
Aside from the fact my friends and I almost got into it with a dumb drunk bastard the food was great.  I gave an extra star since the owner of the place helped break up a fight.  The crazy ass dude tried to pick up a chair?!? This is not the WWF fool.
The curry is amazing. The service is very slow tonight. I got my drinks 20 min. later!  Maybe I will come back for more curry
Great place to have delivered late night, as they're open until 5 on fri and sat night.  All I ever get is the chicken malai kebab, which is so awesome that I have yet to try anything else.  Chicken is super tender.  Comes with rice and pickled onions.  A lot of food for $6 or $7.  It's also very clean inside, if you're into that sort of thing.
Ordered takeaway and thoroughly enjoyed it. Medium spiced was just right for the shrimp biryani which exploded with flavour. Plus the lamb roti wrap and chicken roti wrap were fantastic. Recommend for a tasty, informal bite.
Loved the food. Their chicken tikka masala was nice and spicy like i like it. I will definitely be getting back here! Be sure to try a Thumbs Up cola. The fella at the counter was nice and he made sure i knew what i was ordering (I almost got the chicken without the curry, but he saved me). The only thing I don't like is that I'm not eating it, again, right now.
YUMMY INDIAN FAST FOOD! and it's open really late if you want it for drunchies as well... even though its fast food they have a bit of seating there for you to enjoy your mealI usually stick to the kati rolls but they offer combo boxes and other dishes--Lamb bhuna roll: FLAVORFUL and the lamb is NOT that gamey so its really enjoyable.. don't forget to ask for that fresh green chutney sauce to dip any kati roll--Chana masala (chickpea roll): also tasty!--Batata Vada (spicy potato roll): pretty darn spicy but in a good way MMm--Unda bhurji (egg roll): i'd stick to the other rolls, this was my least favorite--chicken combo box: A FEAST, so much food but mostly carbs, i wasn't too impressed with this--mango lassi: standardif you want to be a regular make sure to get the Belly app to rack up pointsThanks PayPal app for the freebies
I came here at 1 am with hunger pangs and yes the food was good. I had pav bhaji and chicken reshmi kebab with mango lassi. Loved the flavors. But it is very pricy. I have had better indian at much better prices in NYC.
This is one of those places you go to for munchies after a long night out. Again, not the most authentic, but this fun little establishment does honestly remind me of my childhood memory. The smell of the place, the music being played (while picturing those films where the guy and the girl would run around the field singing/ flirting then popping in and out of trees ... with 30 other back up dancers), faces of each famous stars as well as seeing bottles of Limca  Thumbs Up ... It really does bring back a lot of memories.  reading the Hollywood versus Bollywood on the wall always makes me giggle. I am a Paneer kind of person so when I'm here, I always get the Combo Box: Paneer Tikka. It isn't the best taste wise, but when I think of a quick and reasonably priced Indian joint, I think of Masala Times.
Omg great location and amazing food. The wait for food is a bit long but worth it in my opinion. I think the food could be much spicier but they probably cater to white taste buds lol Would definitely recommend and come back again!
Using frozen stuff and tastes stale. Not worth the price. They got two stars for the nice decor.
I loveeee egg bhurji . And also samosa chat . I love that place with the full of Indian Bollywood songs . Reminds me Indian taste spicy hmmmmm.....,
The Quick: For the price, late night hours, BYOB, and flavor- it's a home run. Nothing like casual late night Indian food in the WV. The Details: Ordered at the counter and served in plastic plates, Masala Times is all about being delicious and convenient. There are a row of tables where you can drink a beer and enjoy your meal, or take it to go. It's a fast food spot with restaurant quality. Very much enjoyed it and will return for the reasons above, but would probably just do take out. The Damage: 2 of the entree boxes (entree, rice, lentil side- strangely good, pickled onion salad, and bread) came to $30 without tip.
They're the best indian lunch spot around. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Combo box, was ready in under 10min. Large portion sizes, quality ingredients, juicy chicken (large chunks of white meat), and amazing flavor. Most importantly, I asked for extra spicy and got extra spicy.
This place reminds if the late night delicious cart food we used to have back home in Mumbai ! The taste is not exactly the same but it's close !Paneer bhurji is a must try ! Late night hours and it's BYOB :)
I am traumatized by their chicken biryani. Which is essentially vegetable rice with peas and carrot with several pieces of par boiled chicken chucked in ! No flavor - no dum - not what biryani should be ! The rice to chicken ratio was off !! If you can't make it - and don't know what biryani is - please don't have it on your menu and charge $14 for it !! Criminal waste of money and has me sworn off chicken biryani in the U.S.! Had to gulp down a mango lassi just to get the taste out if my mouth.-On the other hand .. Their rolls are quite good and I would recommend their paneer rolls!
Out of all the places I've been to offering credit, Masala times tops the list of free/cheap food via PayPal.  With $10 credit in hand, I tried out the chicken plate and chose chicken vindaloo.  It set me back 3 bucks and some change.The cashier warned me that vindaloo would be spicy and that's exactly how I wanted it.  After hearing this, I was super excited since a lot of Indian places I've been to don't do their vindaloos spicy enough.  The food is made fresh to order, so I didn't mind my 10 minute wait.PS: I originally wanted lamb, but they ran out of lamb.  Not sure how that happens.  I'd like to also preface this review with the fact that I never, ever prefer chicken dishes, but in this case I didn't really have a choice.  So for a chicken dish to impress me, it must be something good.What came out was a surprise - a huge helping of food.  There was rice, pickled onions and beets, a heaping of chicken vindaloo, bread, and daal (soupy lentils).  The food was steaming hot - just the way I like it.  The chicken vindaloo was on point with the level of spice - just enough for it to hurt a little.  The daal was also very well spiced.  Bread was very fresh and tasty - went very well with the rest of the meal.  The pickled onions and beets actually meshed well with the rice and meat as well.  TIP: Ask for raita (yogurt)!  It goes perfect with your spicy meal.As for the space, it is quite small with comfortable seating for maybe 15-20 or so.  Decor is very modern/Bollywood.Overall an excellent choice for Indian food - will definitely be back!
I am not sure why I decided to give it a 2 stars, but here we go. We went for dinner yesterday and looking at reviews we were pretty pumped up about trying it out. Place it so teeny-tiny that we had to squeeze ourselves in. Manager never bothered to pay much attention to us and when we ordered food and asked for 2 extra plates, manager then took utmost care to ignore our request and then responded with smallest possible plates.Again, we decided to order next item. The same thing happened where in spite of food size, we were provided with tiniest dishes possible. We were eventually forced to ask him 2 more times for 2 more dishes.Food quality was good, but quantity was too less for party of two. If we are paying $40 for two people, of course we don't want such low quantity. Manager did not seem interested in customer service and looked as aloof as possible from customer interaction. In retrospect, I feel like the only reason we decided to dine in was it was too cold outside, already too late to go some other place and we were too hungry from day's exhaustion. Would never recommend this place to anyone only for service and food portion size's sake.Only reason I gave two stars (Instead of one) is food quality was good, although not so outstanding.
I can't get over how sweet and patient the girl who works behind the counter is. Masala Time has only began taking paypal last week and there are still a few glitches (unable to check in and credit not applying) that need to be addressed. Instead of asking for another form of payment after failing to check in, the sweet girl apologized for the inconvenience, gave me the entree I ordered for free, and told me to save the offer/return again to claim it next time. No fusses or buts - truly amazing customer service! Food here is made to order - takes a little bit of a wait but definitely worth it. So far I've tried their tandoori mushroom (so flavorful! Who knew mushroom could taste so meaty!?) and their veggie dip? (New item - perfectly seasoned with a nice spicy kick - wished it came with roti instead of burger buns - perhaps they thought I would eat it like a sloppy joe?). With or without paypal deal, Definitely will return to try the rest of the menu whenever I'm in the area!
So I've been ordering from here for a while and the foods decent most of the times but today's chicken tikka masala was not the kind you serve certainly. Been an Indian and having a good palate for that dish, that needs to improve or go meaning scrapped. The food was too gluey for my taste. By the way, my rating is for the times I've ordered since spring of this year! @masalatimes
I been here twice. The rolls are like curry put inside roti. Everything is served piping hot which I love. I tried the lamb roll, chicken roll and pav bhaji. The pav bhaji curry had gone bad so I told them and they listened and switched it for pav paneer bhaji and that was delicious. The rolls like I said hmm its ok but its like putting curry into roti and wrapping it. That not what rolls are supposed to be , it should have fresh onions and some more of kebab feel. At least that what I thought. I recommend for quality food. I think the negative is prices, very steep. Overall the place is small only like four tables.
Been on my radar for a while, but only so many times I'm ever in the mood for Indian food that's not home-cooking. Got the chicken saag box ($12.95) - comes with roti, rice, and daal. Chicken is prepared very well and a solid amount of spice (particularly good rolled up into the roti). Daal was lackluster, but was fine when mixing with the rice. Also ordered the mango lassi ($3) that was standard fare.Small spot with a few tables to the side, the place is never really packed, so go for a quick lunch.
Went to this place for a quick lunch. Place seems to be nicely located.Food quality is bad. I had a veg lunch spl and my friend had non veg lunch spl, we felt  stale food is been served.Will never go back.
The Chana Masala Kati roll is legit. Also the Saag Paneer is great. More rice is the only suggestion I have.
Masala times is my favourite go-to spot for rolls!! I swear by the chicken bhuna and lamb bhuna rolls- used to live 2 blocks away and ordered from there all the time. They don't deliver to my new apt but I still go there pretty much every weekend late night. The best part about it is that it's open till really late- I believe about 4-5 am. Love masala times
This place is dope. Way better than Kati Roll or Thelewala around the corner. Not even a comparison. Better selection and it tastes much, much better. When I'm craving Indian food, this is where I head. Inexpensive, cool kitschy vibe, the food is fantastic, flavorful and spicy, and they sell Limka. Come on dogg. Limka.Dunno what the haters below are all about - manager has only ever been extremely friendly, and they clean up their tables immediately after anyone who was eating at it leaves. Dude reminds me of my dad. Don't eat this ish if you have a date tonight though - guaranteed flatulence of a rank kind. Other negative - food can take a while. I think it's because they're not just sitting there grilling the hell out of everything at all times though, which is only a good thing. Otherwise you get that wackass dried up nonsense they serve around the corner.
I was really looking forward to this place as i saw the reviews and was in a mood for Indian food. Im not sure if it was their "off" day compare to any other day as the food was really not good. Details .. Well the chicken tikka masala was too salty. The paratha was cold and hard (almost uneatable) we ended up not eating one at all and shared the one my friend got. The rice were not done all the way through. The ONLY thing we LOVED was the chicken wrap roll. That was really good. Chicken malai kabob were good as well but then again my paratha was cold.. Rice were too hard and daal was salty. Maybe they really need to cut back on the salt a bit.. Anyhow, it didnt live up to its expectations as we assumed .. The place itself is a nice spot with witty bollywood quotes..
We were in line to order and the owner kept telling us to move aside and seemed really paranoid seeing a group of 5 people. Very rude and not professional at all.
Incredible! If you're craving great Indian , check this spot out! Solid late nite meal and could smell the curry on my fingers for the next three days...now you know that's legit!
The one star is not for food but for the guy who runs this place is pathetic, me and my Frds went to this place yesterday. We just got a seat and they didn't even cleaned the table , we politely ask after waiting for 20 mins that can u please clean the table . The guy came to table for cleaning  after a while and started talking to us rudely. He was behaving AS IF we are eating for free and asking him for service .it was very horrible and he behaved the same way with other customers as well in front of all . He stated or I can say threaten us saying I am behaving really calm as u guys are in restaurant. I was like what do you mean by that? And then he went back to register . The men is in his mid 40s or 50s I don't know if he owns or he is a manager , but he really need some knowledge about customer service . He is rude , short tempered and arrogant . I don't think so I would go again there and I would make it sure I would not suggest this place to anyone I know as in NYC I would get many places where restaurant can serve good food with good services .
Great food. Lovely ambience. Quirky decor. Fast service. Great place to stop by for a quick bite or for a leisurely meal! It is surrounded by so many other eateries but still stands out.
For my second time eating Indian food, this place was less of a sit-down spot, but still sported an interesting quirky bollywood design. The music was def. from that variety and they had some funny comparions between hollywood  bollywood.The owner recommended the Chicken Malai Kebab since I asked for not spicey. It came with yellow rice and some kind of pink looking onions. It was served pretty quickly and I overall found it tasty without being too spicey.The place didn't have a lot of seats, but we squeezed in anyway. The village has a ton of indian places, and I will continue to sample, for a quick bite in a quirky Indian joint Id recommend this spot on bleecker.
I really don't have anything bad to say about this place, but the food was just extremely forgettable, and didn't leave me wanting to return. It reminded me of fast food indian, that is a tad overpriced for the quality.I ordered the Veg Box ($10.95), which gets you a choice of a veggie main, rice, salad, daal and bread. I went with Saag Paneer, as it's always a solid choice wherever you go. While it wasn't bad, it wasn't really that good. I've had much better indian food for much less. The rice that comes with it is pretty bland, and the salad is your pretty basic pickled onions. The daal isn't half bad. I'm not 100% sure what is was exactly but it definitely had a potato base. They serve chapati bread instead of naan with the box. This one is really a matter of preference, as the chapati isn't bad, I just prefer naan. The atmosphere is pretty cool with hollywood and bollywood comparisons covering the walls. There's not a whole lot of seating, and being right off MacDougal it gets pretty busy. The food is cooked fresh so it does take about ten minutes, and the staff is super friendly. I would have really liked to give it a better review but the food just didn't impress.
The owner here is great. So friendly, helpful, and accommodating...he was joking with us the entire time and definitely made us feel welcome!The food on the other hand, is just OK. I got the Chicken Tikka and thought it was way overpriced, although you do receive a good portion of food. It was also extremely spicy, despite reassurances that it was mild. Not a whole lot of chicken, but rice, daal, and roti bread for dipping. Everything is served in a plastic to-go container, which is convenient if you don't finish, but wasteful otherwise.Wish it could have been a bit more special for the price!
We tried their egg burji roll and Paneer masala roll. Must must have! Spicy and toothsome..
Came here for (super) late night food last weekend.Overall - food wasn't great. Thelewala is just a few blocks away and is so much better. But what Masala Times has going for it (aside from being "very spicy. very bollywood.") is that there are a couple tables, and the owners have an ipod plugged in and blast Hindi music. Definitely the most brightly-lit dance party I've been a part of! Had gotten the paneer roll - it was more stuffed than kati roll's or thelewala's, but the masala flavoring just wasn't anywhere close to as good. Others had some anda dishes (egg) and enjoyed it, but overall I wasn't impressed with the food.
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE !!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND PRECIOUS ENERGY AND MONEY !!!!!!!!!!! IF YOU RESPECT YOURSELF...DO NOT GO HERE !!!!!!!!!!Have been to this place for the past 3 years and been a regular here because of the food. but there is something more than just the food - the way you are treated. The previous manager was great - but this new person (a pretentious, aggressive, rude, overly patronizing manager) is such a disappointment to a great food place! no matter how good the food is....if the people are rude and disrespectful......do not subject yourself to this place.Explanation : A bunch of 5 friends and I placed our orders (and we obviously did not keep track of our orders), and waited for our names to be called out as usual. They did, and a pav bhaji came out......we all started picking at it since we thought someone else in our group ordered it. Turns out no one did, and it was given to us in error......but instead of just giving us the right order, the "manger" comes out and SHOUTS at us at how we should not have taken someone else's order!!!! We did not know, and even apologized and asked for our right order, We expected him to have some respect for loyal customers who have spread a good word for 3 years. The "manager" yelled at us and picked a fight and indulged in a screaming match for 30mins. There is a way to respectfully discuss a disagreement - but this person was unbelievably rude and unreasonable.Owners - PLEASE TAKE NOTICE. YOU NEED TO TAKE NOTICE. YOU NEED TO CHANGE YOUR "MANAGER"PLEASE PLEASE..WE LIKE YOUR FOOD...BUT WILL NEVER EVER RETURN BACK TILL THIS RUDE PERSON IS AT THE HELM.OWNERS OF THIS PLACE- DON'T RUIN THIS PLACE BECAUSE OF THIS INCOMPETENT PERSON!!!!
Favorite thing: PAV KHEEMA! can't exactly explain what it is, but I can tell you that the meat tastes like CRACK. ( I lied, I never tried crack) But really, the meat is delicious, paired with their buttery bread
I have a soft spot for 1AM Indian food, and being the night owl I am, I'm almost embarrassed to admit, but I'm here at least once a week.My Indian friends tell me that the street food here is almost as good as in India (they get the pav bhaji and the rolls), but to their great disappointment, I almost always gravitate towards the dinner food in the form of chicken tikka masala. The butter, the chicken, the spices, mmmm.Extra star for the sick Bollywood beats and the occasional drunkard who teaches me the moves.
I visited this cozy little joint last night. It's among a surprising amount of fast serve Indian spots popping up around MacDougal/Bleecker Streets in Greenwich Village. I will continue to visit them until I find one I really like.PROS: The owner/manager who was taking orders was friendly. The decor on the walls with the Hollywood vs Bollywood signs were hilarious. The food came out fairly quicklyCONS: I ordered the chicken tikka masala, yes very boring of me. I wasn't thrilled with it. It was a little to spicy/hot for me and burned my tongue. The rice and bread were mediocre.Overall I probably wouldn't return because there are so many other Indian places I want to try.
I like the food but I am really Very disappointed in the amount of Pav bhaji they give you when you order to go . It's always more at the restaurant and a lot less in delivery. I even called the last time to ask but of course I got a generic answer. I ordered today again and the bhaji was only half full in that smaller section they give you Bhaji in. Not even enough for me to use both the pav's. I specially signed up for another service so I can receive delivery as I live beyond their delivery area. I just don't think they should be stingy with food quantity with deliveries specially with loyal customers. I am very disappointed.
I honestly don't know where to start. I don't want anyone to think that I wrote this review based on personal feelings and will simply list facts and actual events.1. I chose this restaurant as a meeting spot and had arrived first. I went to sit down and wait but decided to use the restroom. The owner stood there and watched me without a smile or greeting. I asked if I could use the restroom beyond the counter. He just shook his head no. Not a word or question to me. I told him that I was going to order something. He then said "okay". That was the first thing I'd heard from him even though he'd just had an animated conversation with a customer when I'd been sitting at the table.2. One of us ordered and asked if there was naan. Actually only the "na" portion was uttered before being cut off with "It comes with the meal". We sat down and waited for everything to be prepared. I noticed that the meal actually came with a folded piece of bread resembling paratha. No, not naan in any way whatsoever.3. +1 star for being able to request that certain elements from the dish not be added.4. There is no table service whatsoever and you walk up to retrieve food on paper plates. I simply rounded my check up to the next dollar. I looked the next day and saw that $2.01 more than  my rounded figure had been charged. 5. I noticed that most of the orders were delivery. The food was definitely different from any of the Indian fare that I'm accustomed to. It wasn't horrible but I didn't finish anything.
The best place to go to for comfort Indian food. It's a really nice and lively place and as someone who has grown up in India, this is as homely as it can get.
Masala times :-) Highly recommended place. Very authentic and tasty food.  I definitely recommend you to try their rolls which taste the peak of flavor. The only best Indian restaurant opens for late nights. Don't' go on thinking for places to eat after hang out on weekends... ;)  I suggest you to fix your mind to Masala times, A simple and straightforward plan to have best food.. :-)
I wasn't able to try anything here because it was late at night and I was hella drunk and just wanted some naan. 5 stars for the aroma and the fact it was all Indian people there.
Went here on the recommendation of a friend. Though a little more spicy than I would usually opt for, I have to say the food was quite flavorful and very tasty. I opted for the lamb saag box and samosa and was not disappointed. I took off a star as the service left a lot to be desired. I asked for ice for my beverage but they didn't have any? My order was over $20 and when it was ready the guy at the counter told me to come and get it rather then bring it to the table? It's a small place and I was sitting pretty close to him but he preferred to sit there looking at his phone? Sorry but that's not cool.I've been to places where I've spent five dollars and had better service.
One word: Excellent !!!! Well.. I must add that this may not exactly be the way you will find in India .. but this is the closest it can get!Great food and great service ..!I must add that this place is wayyyyyy better than the Bombay Duck Co next door. The folks at the counter were polite and friendly - the keema pav was the way it should be ! . We also tried their Paneer Tikka .. again excellent !.. and the Chicken Roll - which I would admit was average, compared to the other places where you can get a roll in the city. But overall a great little place to have some good "almost-authentic" Indian food .. and chill out ..
Really good food, service was fast recommend the chicken tikka marsala box it was delicious.
Masala Place is styled as a modern eatery inspired by Indian cuisine and Bollywood.  It's a very modern and clean decor with some traditional metalwork on one wall, and a gigantic mural comparing the way a Hollywood story goes versus a Bollywood one (ex: In Hollywood a guy meets a girl at a bar, in Bollywood a guy just meets another guy since women don't go to bars).  There's a modern sense of humor about the decor and the personality of the place. It's a really impressive visual sight.You walk through the entire seating area before getting to the cashier where you order and pay.  As I walked up to this counter, I then went on to experience one of the strangest restaurant encounters I've ever had.  I walked up to the counter and saw the chef cooking away and his helper in the back getting boxes together.  It was noon and I was the only one in the whole restaurant, so I thought I'd be in and out rather quickly.I walked up intent on ordering a "Chocolate Boy", a Spicy minced lamb wrapped in a roll of crispy bread similar to a roti.  There was no cashier.  I looked at the chef and he turned, saw me and quickly turned back to cooking, seemingly oblivious that I wanted to order food.  I stood and said "Excuse me..." and he looked over, not moving but at least looking my way this time.  I ordered and he said "Okay, five minutes, sit down" in somewhat broken English.  I nodded and sat.Eight minutes later, I stood up and asked how it was going.  The helper then came forward and said "Which one you want?" and in half disbelief, I ordered again.  They said again (together this time) "Five minutes."  I told them "I've been here almost ten already and I have to meet some friends, are you sure?"  They nodded and indicated they were cooking my dish already.So I waited.My roll was finally done and it was an impressive sight.  It looked like a deli hero sandwich.  I took out a $20 to pay and the two just stared at me, the helper on the phone.  I stared and waited for them to ring me up.  Nothing.  Then I took out my card and asked "Will this go faster?" and they told me "Cash only." so I took out the $20 again.  Then they looked at me and said "No exact change?"  For the love of...They indicated that they couldn't open the register for some odd reason.  They told me to take the roll and pay them back next time.  Fair enough.  I promised to come back and pay and took off.The food itself?  Incredible.  It was one of the tastiest things I've tasted in a long time.  The lamb was perfectly tender, the sauce delicious and the bread crispy on the edge and chewy in the center.  It was worth every dollar I was going to pay.  One star in this review is for this roll entirely, the other is for the decor.About an hour later, I had made change and headed back to pay them.  I handed them $7 (the roll was $5.99+tax).  The manager was there now and I figured I would get rung up quickly this time. Nope.I put the money in front of him and he seemed to be struggling with the register, which was tied to some computer system that appeared to be confounding him.  If this was a card transaction or if the place was a new establishment I'd understand, but Yelp reviews indicate they were around as early as 2010 so it's not like they've never rung up a customer before.  Finally after a few minutes I got my change and left.I really enjoyed the food here, but the service left me disappointed and confounded.  I may go back, but I'm not in a rush to do so.
Came here for dinner with the boyfriend Friday night as I have been wanting to give this place a try. I was not too impressed with the food. My bf ordered the tandoori chicken which he thought was ok but has had better in other places. I ordered the lamb box and decided to go with the lamb bhuna out of the lamb options. It was actually pretty spicy which I liked, so if you can't handle spice, be sure to let them know. The daal helped to neutralize the spice. The lamb box portion was big, I'll give them that. The roti however, disappointed me. It was not crispy at all; it was a bit hard, felt like unfresh frozen roti. We also got the paneer roll to try out since we both love paneer. The texture of the paneer was not what I expected; it was similar to the texture of grilled chicken breast. The rest of the roll was ordinary. Will avoid this item on the menu IF I come back...The only thing I liked was the mango lassi. Food was ok for me.
Woah... Their paneer kathi roll blew my mind.. I absolutely adore this place.. The ambience is funky.. Its a perfect joint for a quick bite.. If I lived in NY.. I would visit this place almost everyday.. Best food, love their quotes about Bollywood.. Good Service... Its a must go...
My friend swears by the rolls here so I visited the place on her recommendation. The ambiance gave me a feel of the Indian restaurant at my school. They could definitely work on the ambiance. Moving on, I just tried the chicken biryani here and it was average. I ordered spicy and it was quite spicy (Mind you, I am an Indian so when I say spicy, it is really spicy!) so choose your level of spice accordingly. I would like to visit this place again and try the rolls that my friend recommends. The good thing about this place is that it's open till early morning so you can hop in if you have midnight hunger pangs.
Great spot for amazing food.  Def try the Paneer Tikka, roll or plate it is amazing.  Chicken Achari and the Paneer Bhurji Pav shouldn't be missed either.
Have picked up and dined in a couple times and loved the food. Our favorite is paneer bhurji and pav. It tastes amazing and the mint chutney, pickled onions that come with are amazing. I tried the tandorri mushroom roll and the taste of tandoori mushrooms was so authentic, it reminded of tanfuri mushroom from delhi. The roll becomes soggy a little but i didn't mind it. Love the food!
ah the food is just amazing, feels so fresh and really well made. I love this place, the staff is super friendly and always smiling. the menus is clean to understand and again the food is just outstanding. When you want real Indian food then this is the place to be... will come back again and again... thank you masala times...
It's unfortunate to say this but now when I find myself in the West Village I no longer walk up those stairs into the Kati Roll Company, the quality has deteriorated to such a point that it has come to the end of my time visiting that place. Masala Times has replaced it. The decor is based on Bollywood which is awesome if you have people visiting from India. The food is incredible a mixture of Mumbai's best street food thrown into a malaysian style roti and the other items are really amazing. My recommendations are the Paneer Bhurji Roll, or the Unda Chicken Roll. Also the Pav Bhaji is out of this world. Great place for groups and for late nights. Doesn't kill the wallet either.
I meant to take a picture but I ate it all. oops!Like others, snagged the $10 PayPal special, but it was a good deal at any price. I saw some other comments about service sometimes being slow, so I called ahead. I didn't experience any delays; at the end of a ~10 minute walk from my office, the food was waiting for me when I walked in. The service was friendly, the gentleman who assisted me on the phone and at the register (is he the owner?) was so nice and good-humored. I got the saag paneer veg box. And gave myself the itis. The servings are generous for sure. I liked the daal and the rice was made correctly (that sounds weird but you'd be surprised). The pickled onions were swet and crunchy and cut through the heat. There was a generous helping of saag paneer, with pillowy chunks of fresh cheese smothered in well seasoned spinach. Delicious.
Love this place. Everything is made fresh and they open late. Great spot. Aside from Curry town this is the only place in NYC that I recommend for some good thebomb.com indian food. Love the Bollywood references.
I don't usually write reviews..actually this is my first tbh..The quality of the food is really great.I am coming to this restaurant for years..Great hospitality..especially the uncle that woks there. .Non-conventional different indian cusine
Even though it's placed in a sprawling area packed with fantastic eateries, Masala Times stands tall and proud. From the time I came here after a night of clubbing to find the owner blasting bhangra for his patrons, to the time I brought my parents here to get some authentic pseudo-street Indian food - this place has been solid. I come from Mumbai and tend to be really critical about Kati rolls - but this place checks out. Enjoy their efforts to make you feel Bollywood with the songs and the murals, while enjoying their rolls and lunch boxes with their delicious green chutney.
I've only been here once but I came with a friend that usually frequents this place and she said that the food is usually better and they probably changed chefs. We ordered the Paneer Bhurji Roll, cottage cheese with onions and peppers, and the Lamb Bhuna Roll, spicy lamb stew. The rolls were decent but it wasn't mind blowing good. They lacked in flavor and the lamb was overcooked till it was chewy and a bit on the dryer side.The atmosphere is quirky and cozy. The walls are embellished with comparisons between Bollywood and Hollywood, which I thought was pretty entertaining. By 1:00pm on a weekday, this place was packed for lunch. It's a good place to bring a family, the food is self serve, and aside from the lack of consistency, it is a pretty good place to grab a bite.
I love this place! Although I must confess I haven't tasted anything other than the chicken roll, but I keep coming back for it!
I love this place and highly recommended to whomever likes Kati rolls there malai tikka roll paneer tikka roll and Chana masala are very good I also really like there Briyani whether it be veg or chicken both are very tasty they also masala boxes which has a paranthi rice pickles and which ever curry u choose ex paneer tikka masala everything in masala times is super flavorful just the way I like it and u can tell them if u want it mild or spicy
Tried chicken wrap - which was awesome and flavorful. Also tried their veg combo - was okay. The paneer curry was bland, daal was okay, rice and bread not that great. Salad was below average. Achari Chicken wrap is must try. Plus this restaurant is expensive for the portion of the food.
Lamb bhuna or bust! That's what I ordered, and the guy at the counter (who looked like a very skinny Aziz Ansari) said that was their best roll. I didn't try all of the other ones, but it was damn good.The decor inside is also great. With a lot of funny Bollywood/Hollywood comparisons. It's also very clean and well lit. Great hole in the wall that makes the most of the space.Also tried the alu tikki, which was a vegetarian roll. It was on par with the potato roll you can get at Kati Roll, but a bit bigger. It was good, but I loves me some meat.If you're tired of street meat or Artichoke, then Masala Times is a solid post-drinking stop.
I ordered delivery from here on Saturday night. When I ordered it said it was going to take 45 minutes and while it came in that amount of time it was pretty cold which was really disappointing.I got the chicken special with chicken tikka masala. It was good, spicy but not too much so. However, while there was daal, and rice and bread, the amount of chicken was pretty small and kind of disappointing.It's great if you want something late at night, but honestly if you can order from somewhere else I probably would...
I came to Masala Times for a quick and tasty dinner last night, and that it was! Ordering the vegetable box, spicy, I not only had enough for dinner that night, but also for lunch today. And everything had just the right amount of kick! How could I not be a fan?
This is a favorite late night grub place.  When I want satisfying spicy Indian food with no frills, this is the place I go to.  I love the Pav Bhaji and the Mango Lassi.  My favorite Pav Bhaji is the one I make, Bombay style but the one this place makes is pretty damn good.  My husband and I have also tried the Unda Bhurji roll, Lamb Bhuna roll and Chicken Kebab roll, and Frooti mango juice.  We haven't been disappointed by this place.  The food has been consistently good.  We highly recommend this place to get your Indian food fix.
If you're expecting this place to be a sit down nice restaurant, you are wrong. It's a place where you order your dinner box at the front and eat it for a few minutes and get out of there. The man at the front is not very nice at all, but the food is great. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was amazing. The naan is not as fluffy as you may be used to, but it's still excellent.Read the wall about Hollywood v. Bollywood for some good entertainment.
Pricey. I gets better every time I visit this place. We ordered Pav Bhaji for the first time and it tasted bit like it was served right out of preservative - ready to cook meal. Even though, the taste was good with equally mixed spices. The second time we actually ordered Veg Biryani and it was delicious. Since it did not satiate our hunger, we decided to try Pav Bhaji again and this time it tasted fresh. Being in the Greenwich village, you can expect it to be little bit expensive. But all 4 stars from me because of Biryani, stays open past midnight and the ambiance is captivating enough to make sure you have a good time.
I ordered their food from Seamless frequently. Probably the only place that I've ever ordered Seamless from that regularly delivers BEFORE the estimated time. Not the best Indian food I've had, but when you want something quickly it does the trick. I always ordered their Chicken Combo Box. It is pretty decent quantity for the price and I like how it comes with everything, with roti, rice, dal, and chicken. This is nice compared to other Indian restaurants you frequently have to order everything separately so it can add up. I've never actually been inside the restaurant, so I can only comment on their delivery service and food itself.
Bumping this up a star after a re-visit with $10 from PayPal and a chance to take in the music and theme (and innovative Hollywood/Bollywood signs) a bit more. The $10.83 box of veg tikka masala packed a variety of items; I am fine with picking up food from the counter myself, but was told ahead of time they'd bring it out to me, so I had a seat... I should also note an obnoxious fellow PayPaler (and hopefully fellow Yelper so she can read this and bash my assessment of her visit) was wasting the time she claimed was so precious by asking for a light meal that was not spicy with extra salad - yes the customer is always right, but they're not always reasonable. The patient guy stuck with her, props for the service there.Amount - Item #INV2-542C-8S9D-YDZC-453Q$10.83-$10 Special offerAmount - Paneer Tikka - tastay...very slow service, unfortunately-$10.00$0.88Unda Bhurji Roll ($5+) - fortunately substantialBatata Vada Roll - tasty indeed, quicker service (shorter line)$4.99-$5.00$0.43Unda Bhurji Roll - see above$4.99$5.43Special Offer-$5.00Total$0.4310/14/14 - Belly is allegedly offline but 'it's coming back'
The food and service are still wonderful! This is specifically in response to a recent review I noticed about "hate speech" in the decor. Good thing they posted a photo of the poster so Yelpers can see that that's a heavy accusation for something that most people don't find offensive. Hate speech is a very particular type of offense. Just because some people think the sign with the Hollywood vs. Bollywood tropes is offensive to them does not mean it is HATE speech. It's actually pretty offensive to hyperbolize something like that when an honest business owner is just trying to add levity to their decor. As an American, I am in no way offended by the Hollywood tropes posted. In fact, I can name quite a few movies that include each one. I go here a lot and everyone I bring sees the humor in it. It doesn't mean the restaurant is promoting hate, or assigning stereotypes specifically to Americans or Indians -- it's about MOVIE TROPES, not people guys.
BEST paneer tikka ever!!!! Never had anything like this before!! I could pack 5 boxes of it! A good Bollywood touch! People HAVE to come here!!Very friendly staff and very good service. Keep up the good work! :D
Masala times consistently proves to have delicious food, great service, and one of the best atmospheres  in NYC - no better place to cap off a night of going out. P.s - for all the uninitiated get the lamb bhuna roll
Yes on CreditCard!Pretty colored place on Bleecker, can't really miss it.I ordered the Chicken Box with Tikka Masala.  I wanted to tried the Masala Chai but it wasn't avaialble...yet there was a sign up that shows it, didn't make sense.I think presentation here is lacking a lot...it reminds me of a elementary school meal that the lunch lady just piled her crap on.You get rice, "naan" or bread, lentil and your choice of meat.  The tikka masala is a lot more liquidy than I would prefer but it was pretty good.  A bit on the sweeter side but grab to dip the "naan" with.  The lentil reminds me of a bean soup that they didn't care too much about.While I was craving and missing Indian food and this place did satisfed that taste bud.  I feel like $13 bucks for a lunch box  that1. looks gross2. wasn't that big of a portion to fill me up3. it was the tikka masala and rice that i really liked.I'll venture to try other indian places in the city.And based on other reviews, no one has ever tried the masala chai.....hmmm
Paneer bhurji food box = top notch. Really loved the food and it was actually filling. Worth every penny. Wish it was big enough so they could accommodate more sitting. Peace.
Found this place using my paypal app ($10 offer). I came in for lunch and got a HUGE plate of food for $12! I got the chicken tikka masala box as other yelpers recommended and I wasn't disappointed. There were about 7 large pieces of (not dry! yay!) chicken in the creamy, sweet (and inauthentically Indian) sauce. There was also some sort of lentil soup, fragrant basmati rice, and fresh roti. I was stuffed after eating half of it. The space is small with only about 6 tables along one side. It was fun to read the walls which list the main plot differences in Bollywood vs Hollywood films. Tasty food, quick service, and great value. No waiter service. Order at the counter and seat yourself or take it to go.
We had the tandoori mushroom with sour cream and rice, as well as the spicy lamb with curry and rice!  It was all so filling and spicy...what a good mix!  Haha.They also gave some spicy green sauce.  I really enjoyed the naan, too.This is a pretty small joint that isn't that pretty visually, but it's got pretty good food.
Absolutely love this place! It's a small cozy little joint I discovered just in time for my usual weekly craving for indian food and what an absolute delight! It's a no fuss, quirky atmosphere place that serves really authentic indian food at a very reasonable price point! Love the rolls and the tandoori chicken... And the fact that you get thums up here just transported me straight to bombay in one sip! :) great staff that are friendly and attentive... Love masala times!
Indeed one of the best "genuine" Indian cuisine restaurants!! The best part, its open till 5 in the morning! My fav - Chicken Achari, Pao Bhaji!! Excellent Service - Mr Kohli rocks!! You have to have to try it out!! :-)
This place is certainly one of the top Indian fast places in New York if not the entire country. The pao bhaji here reminds me of Bombay every single time I come here. Plus they don't Americanize the food by not adding spices, it's a truly authentic experience. The boxes are also really convenient if you don't want to eat the restaurant. If you have friends who have not tried Indian food yet (if such people actually exist) , then definitely bring them here,  they'll be hooked on to it forever. It's certainly worth every single penny you pay for it and a truly memorable experience
Don't waste your time or money. Bad food. Low quality. Poor service. You are better off getting a $1slice of pizza next door. Looks pretty dirty where they cook your food too.Not worth it!
As an Indian with super high standards of Indian food, this place is just OK. Though the ambiance is fun and lively (definitely read the fun bollywood/hollywood scenarios on the wall), the food falls a little short of my expectations. I have gotten the Keema Pav, which is decent, but just not something I would go back for. Same thing goes for their Kababs and Rolls. Also, I'm a person who loves spice, especially in Indian food, and this place caters to a more sensitive palate.
so i had heard their paneer bhruji roll was amazing and it sure was. I got the pav bhaji and it was excellent. Love the hollywood vs bollywood board. this little place is a gem.
This review is for the kathi rolls only at Masala Times. I've tried the Paneer Bhurji roll, as well as the Chicken Bhuna Roll and found it to be much oilier than the version served at Kathi Roll Co. Also both rolls were dripping with gravy/sauce - so much so that we had to hold them two feet away from ourselves in the fear of drizzling oil on our clothes. I do like my kathi rolls to be on the drier side with no sauce dripping on the exterior. The flavor wasn't bad, much preferred the paneer over the chicken. The chicken didn't taste too fresh. Both were tomato-y. At $6, the rolls are pretty substantial.If I get around to going back and tasting something else off their menu, I will be sure to update.
This is Indian food at its best. Limited menu, compact space but out of the world experience. Their Paneer Bhurji is to die for! Combine your meal with a decadent Mango Lassi and you will find reasons to return to this place. Seriously!
Delicious!! Pav bhaji- YUM. Paneer burji-YUM.. I roamed around over 30 minutes for parking on a Saturday night and the food more than made up for the struggle. So much flavor.. Best Pav bhaji I've had in USA till date. Definitely going back to try the other items on their menu. Little pricey yet worth it.
5 stars.. Best Indian spot for the late nights forever... Loved the food, mostly the kicking rolls.. ;)
Headline: Better than average Indian fare, gimmicky "Bollywood" menu with some inventive namesFood: I had the chicken tikka combo meal which went together well. Nothing stood out but nothing horrible either.Ambiance/Service: They have some cool bollywood inspired decoration and a few tables for a casual bite
A long narrow place that packs the exciting allure and vibrant colors of Bollywood within it's small confines. The interior is eye catching with vibrant decor that's almost vibrating with life. Faces of Bollywood stars are plastered on the back of the chairs and cool lights hang from the ceiling. There are several shiny patterned tables to one side where you can entertain yourself by viewing the bright yellow giant placards on the opposite side inscribed with funny comparisons of Hollywood and Bollywood trends. Chicken Box $11.92 with taxThe chicken box comes with a choice of Chicken Tikka Masala / Chicken Bhuna /Chicken Saag / Chicken Vindaloo, Daal, Veg Pulav (Indian pilaf), Naan, pickled onions.We chose the chicken tikka masala. The food was delicious but I can't say it was the best Indian food I had. It was well made and yummy. The combo is provide a big portion for one person but my bf and I enjoyed sharing it. We were full after having a slice in Percy's next door.A cool little place with inexpensive good food. Just sitting there is an enjoyable experience.
First off, I love the Bollywood theme.  For a quick bite of delicious Indian food, this is a great place.  My friend and I stuck with the combo boxes which at $10-$13 isn't bad at all.   So I guess Masala Times is like having typical Indian restaurant lunch box prices all the time!I had the chana saag box and there was a lot of food.  Chickpeas, rice, daal, and bread.  My friend had the lamb saag.  Now that was delicious.  Perfectly spiced and very healthy portions.  I am a fan!
Tiny place but SO worth the trip.  We were about 1 1/2 miles away and I was just jonesing for some of their deliciousness.  We dragged our youngest daughter who was moping all the way because her feet hurt.  Poor thing, we had been walking all day, but I still dragged her along.Once we got there luckily it was way after the lunch rush so we could get a table.  The place is ridiculously tiny so know that you might have to take everything with you.We sat down and ordered our delicious meal.  We shared a vegetarian platter with a Chickpea and Spinach main dish, some lentils YUM, and rice and Naan.We also ordered two wraps.  One was with paneer and the other a different Chick Pea filling.  Everything was SO incredibly delicious I can't even begin to tell you how silly we were trying everything and going "OMG MMMMMM TRY THIS!"Considering it is a fast food type place, it has great price and incredible food.  Love it and try to make it every time I come to NY!
I liked the rolls that we had here. I ordered the channa masala roll and paneer tikka roll. Lots of options for vegetarians. My friends also ordered a keema pav and were raving about the same. Would recommend if you are around the area.
I have been coming here for a very long time but finally gotten down to write a review for them. This is specifically is about an evening where I left my bag at the restaurant and thought I almost lost it. Its very commendable and refreshingly nice to see that the manager kept my bag safely and ensured that I was able to collect it when I called them the next morning regarding the bag.Kudos to their great customer service :)
I ate at this very pleasant and awesome for lunch today. I had the unda bhurji and paneer burji rolls. No need to go around the corner ever again. the rolls here are much better! I look forward to trying the other bug hit items here. the owner is so nice, friendly and very welcoming.Two Thumbs up!
The food was good but a bit pricey. The Veggie box was disappointing since the Paneer Tikka Masala was too sweet. A sweet tikka masala gravy? Sounds funny right? The dal was decent and the rice was a bit stale.Had their Chana Masala Kati roll which was pretty good. The best was Chicken bhunna gravy which had a zing with the right amount of spice.A place worth a visit if you are looking for non-veg delicacies late night but there are far better veg options around than sweet watery gravy, so avoid this one for veg!
One word AMAZING!!!  The chicken roll, anda bhurjii, lamb dishes, decor ,  music everything was fantastic. Loved the food!   Definitely recommend . Limited seating tho. Please open a branch in San Diego!
This is a tiny semi-fast food Indian spot that seems best suited for lunch and delivery. They have a number of sampler type plates served on plastic trays but I was just coming by for a light lunch and wanted to see what the Lamb Bhuna Roll ($7) was all about. This was almost like an Indian burrito and as such I would have loved rice inside of it to bulk it up and soak up some of the delicious and spicy curry sauce. The roll was a tad small to have made a meal all into itself, two would have been perfect. The lamb was cooked well and the soft tortilla/naan type wrap was great as well.
We stopped at this place while on food trip via foods of ny. Their chicken roll was so good. Liked funny notes on the walls, comparing Hollywood and Bollywood: ""In Hollywood: Guy meets girl in a bar. They get drunk. They sleep together. In Bollywood: Guy meets guy in a bar. What did you expect. Girls in Bollywood don't go to bars"It's like fast food with the spice and fun.
Went here for lunch.  Food was pretty good but a bit overpriced considering the dining area.  You can easily go to an actual restaurant and get similar quality food for a similar price.  My point being the feel of this place is more of a fast food joint with restaurant pricing.
I got the Chicken Tikka Masala box. For the price, I thought it was a great deal. I wouldn't say it's the best Indian food I have ever had, but I do think it's pretty good.This is more like a buy and sit down kind of place, so don't expect table service.There are only about five tables in the restaurant. I can see how crowds could be a a problem if it gets busy.In general, it's clean and serves good food at a reasonable price.
My brother loves Masala Times, but I prefer other paneer rolls (probably because of more sauce and less spicy), but I LOVE that the owner took the time to respond with a positive review.  If you like spicy paneer rolls, this is the place for you!
Excellent place to get Pav Bhaji! It is savory and spicy, for those times when you need your Indian food fix. Decor is Bollywood inspired. Go for the mango lassie to balance out the spices. Tasty food and good prices!
From a very early age, I have always been a tremendous fan of Indian food, and--as such--am very persnickety about how it is prepared.My first visit to Masala Times was about 1 week ago, a suggestion introduced by one of my colleagues.  If you are wondering what my verdict was, suffice it to say that my second visit was a mere couple of hours later.Opting to go with a familiar dish, I ordered the Lamb Bhuna Box and was pleasantly surprised. The lamb was succulent, and--while I tend to lean towards the spicier side of things--this mild entrée was seasoned to perfection.The naan was warm and flaky (just the way I like it), and the rice was as fluffy as could be. As for the pickled onions? More, please!I, myself, a complete glutton when it comes to delicious food, could not resist the urge to head back to this restaurant for a late night snack to take home with me after work.An elderly lady was sitting with her husband, ranting and raving about the Unda Bhurji roll, and how it was, "the best thing I have ever consumed in my life. Oh my God."With a sales pitch like that, who could resist? One Unda Bhurji and Lamb Bhuna roll, please! To top it all off, the staff is so cordial. I stopped in one day last week with with a friend who wanted a quick bite to eat. I had already eaten, and was just keeping her company. The owner, unwilling to let me sit there completely without food or drink, provided me with a complimentary Mango Lassi.In short: I'm on my way to eat there again now.
This is the one place that I walk about a mile to get to whenever I am in the general vicinity. It is simply good. Simple, flavorful, lots of great vegetarian options and overall a great Indian food experience.Counter service and small quarters give the place personality while not making it tight quarters, but rater cozy and warm.Extra bonus walk through NYU and then exit towards the Village where you can find some pretty cool stuff especially for dessert.
All of the reviews made me want to try this place because I love Indian food... but this was a very mediocre at best restaurant. The food comes out very quickly in almost a very fast food McDonalds feel and the food doesn't taste nearly as fresh as it does in surrounding places. I got the chicken tikka masala box to test out what the restaurant has to offer. The bread/roti was very stale. The daal was so overcooked and hot that it was not enjoyable to eat. The "salad" were less than a handful of pickled onions underneath the rice. The masala sauce didn't taste too fresh and was way overspiced. (and I love spice!). The good thing is the chicken was very tender and fell apart as I ate. The hours are apparently very nice for the NYU drunk college crowd, but for a young professional who wants quality food, I was not very impressed. I rather not spend fifteen bucks on a less than par lunch, when I can go to Ghandi Cafe which is nearby on Bleecker and have a delicious three course meal for only eight dollars. If you enjoy quality taste, I would say to save your money and do not try this place.
This is some of the best Indian food I've ever had! Never have had paneer off a grill, the BEST!!
Did not get a good feel for this place and I love Indian food. This would be a place to pick up food and go not a place to sit down and eat
Food - Best rolls in Nyc. Paneer bhurji roll is just amazing. Didnt really like the pav bhaji. My friends tried the tikka Masala.  Wasnt the best in store.Ambience - A place to have a quick bite post drinking.Service - Extremely friendly. Expect the best of Indian hospitality. Cost - ~$10 per head.
As far as Indian fast food - this is the best I have had in Manhattan. Open very late - especially on the weekends. Love the Chicken Tikka Masala box. Yum!
Almost like Indian fast food... but not that fast.It's a little chintzy in there, cheap plates and smaller portions but the prices are pretty cheap too.Waited waaaay too long for an order on a Thursday night, but the food was pretty good once it came out.I'd go back, but wouldn't go out the way.
So. Tasty.Everything is made to order, spicy, savory, and delicious. I don't live in NY but visit every time I am in the area.
Service is always quick and the food is very good for what presents itself as a fast food Indian Restaurant. Love the lunch specials.
The first time I stopped in was around 3 AM on the way home from a night out. Usually at that time, my standards for food are pretty low; however they didn't need to be that low the night I stepped in. Rarely can you get authentic, hearty Indian food (from a clean establishment) that late at night. Ambiance: Bollywood theme; quick counter order place; seating is available but limited; clean interiorService: Friendly, will give good recommendations if you're clueless on Indian foodFood: Fantastic. I'm a saag paneer kind of girl, so that's what I usually get, with naan and rice. It's all quite good.
If only we had such yummy Indian food in seattle! This was our second visit to this place, the first one a couple of years back. I was happy the food taste and quality was still the same. The bhurji pav and keema pav are great. I love the rolls here ( even over the Kati roll company. Yes I said it. ) It is an awesome rendezvous for anyone who grew up eating bhurji late in the night at the stations or kahu galis in Mumbai. Not the same but still nostalgic reminder of fun times.
I notice a lot of these express Indian eat in/take away places are popping up and they all seem to be lacking. I mean, what do you expect right? It's like getting fast food versus a proper sit down meal - you wouldn't expect the same. I have had one or two really nice curries at an express Indian spot however I would not come back here. I got the paneer veggie combo and my friend got the saag chicken combo coming out to $26. For that, we might as well have gone next door to a proper Indian restaurant. The curry was a bit too sweet and the rice too dry. Anyway, what upset me the most was that I wanted something vegetarian - having been one my entire life, and they gave me chicken instead. I didn't find this out until I had already bit into it - understanding the meat and paneer in the same sauce look identical. No sorry, no nothing... Just a slow replacement. I work in the restaurant business, I would've at least offered a drink or something to make up for the mistake. So warning: If you're vegetarian, just be careful before you bite into your food here.
I love Masala Times for a quick Indian feast.  I always get the chicken tikka masala box - which has chicken, lentils, rice, and naan.  The chicken tikka sauce doesn't have as much cream as most places, so you really get a lot more of spice flavor.  Not really a "$" place since it's almost the same price as most other indian places.  It's a good place to grab a quick lunch or dinner, though.
Nice place, nice food, nice people. I went there for the first time and I had gotten typical chicken masala with rice. The food was great, the people were nice, therefore giving me a good experience which lead to a good review.
The best Indian food I've ever had, I especially like the lamb bhuna curry box. Everything I've had so far is delicious. The Dahl is chunky and flavorful, much better than the typical thin yellow version I often come across. The samosas are soft and delightful, as is the mango lassi. I love the theme, Bollywood vs. Hollywood, and the comparisons on the wall are very clever. Though the restaurant is very small (only three tables) the decor is great and the bright red awning makes them stand out. I love going here for take out, and would recommend it for anyone who is a fan of Indian food, but be sure to order ahead because the prep time is very long.
I was decently happy with Masala Times.  I've actually never been to the restaurant but I got delivery a few nights ago and really liked the food for the price I paid.  First of all, it's one of the few places in my radius that does delivery past 11 PM, so that was awesome.  On top of that, they don't charge a minimum price for delivery, which I truly appreciated.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which came with amazing rice, naan, and a yellow stew which I don't know the name of.  All in all, it was a good meal.  It's cheap food and they're very quick about delivering it.  I thought the chicken tikka masala was great and juicy and tender, though the naan was a little bit on the old side, and I did not like the yellow-looking stew that came with it.  Still, it was a satisfying meal and I would be up for ordering delivery from Masala Times again.
My boyfriend's top1 Indian place! He just can't get enough of their rolls. And it has become my to-go place when I'm in school all day. Great rolls, love the Biryani, tried the curry box and chicken tikka. Really like the chutney! The guy at the cashier seems fun^ ^
I go to Masala Times for their rolls.  I go to next-door Bombay Duck Co. for their toasties.  It depends on what you want.  Both are credible establishments serving amazing food.  I've also gotten the lamb box here.  The portions were very generous.I usually call my take-out order in advance.  If you do not, the wait is not unreasonable.
Took forever to get our food and  on top of that, flavor wasn't there for the pav bhaji and the roll was oily.
Perfect lunch. Hearty, spicy, flavorful, generous, temperature hot, and cheap!Got the Paneer Tikka Masala lunch box and would do so again in a second. My friends also got lunch boxes and they looked great. Lunch boxes include yellow dal tarka, saffron rice, roti, and a main entree of your choice.Cool location in the middle of walking from the West Village to SoHo. Wish every city had a place like this.An exhibition kitchen is extremely rare in indian restaurants - Masala Times has it. Really great stuff. I can really appreciate a place like this!
Unassuming little kitchen with a funky Bollywood conceit that somehow landed among such rage palaces as Off the Wagon and Thunder Jackson's. They cater to the night crowd so if you're out late this is a good alternative to the overpriced gyro truck at Bleecker and Laguardia. With only a few seats inside, you may have to get takeout.They have a number of curries and rolls. I tried the chicken vindaloo box, which came with a very fresh naan, rice, and daal. The vindaloo was spicy, zesty, and complex, one of the best curries I've had in a long time. The fix-ins were good as well. Everything tasted super-fresh, which made me appreciate the difference from the hole in the wall shops I frequent.
It wasn't as cheap as i thought BUT i have ordered around to the cheaper spots and you get what you pay for. The food tasted good I just wanted more of it. So far I have gone twice and I am most likely going to go there again tonight.
I have a deep love and commitment to Masala Times. This place is very inviting and the food is the ultimate in comfort and taste. Everything is great! The service is always friendly too. This is a place that I used to come to with an ex gf, normally that would sour the experience. The food is so good that I actually forget about everything in the world. When I'm in New York, no matter how far away, I ALWAYS make a special trip to Masala Times. mWo
This is a really decent restaurant. I think the portions are disappointingly small and so it's hard to order and share (which is what I love doing at Indian restaurants).We had the chicken tandoori and it was really delicious. The samosas were also good.Since there was no curry and hardly any sauce with our order, it felt a little dry. If you're okay with that, you'll love this place.
I've never eaten at masala times but I've always ordered to go or had it delivered. I've been very satisfied with the. Chicken tikka masala and the sagg.  I love the sides and onion sauce that is included in the dinner box.  The bread is delicious!!!
Paneer bhurji roll was amazing... Small place.. Can get crowded quickly... You also get Indian cold drinks like Limca  thumbs up
The paneer bhurji roll is one of my favorite things to eat period in nyc!!! All of the other items are amazing as well. I come to masala times at least once a week and have done so for the past year and I never get tired of the food!!
Me: you forgot to deliver half our order despite having taken twice as long as promised to deliver. Masala times:  ok, we will deliver tomorrow. Ok?This is certainly not ok. And I don't think anyone would disagree. If you are looking for reliable delivery or at least reasonable customer service STAY AWAY from masala times. There are plenty of good Kati roll joints in the area. No reason to settle!
Being an nyu student of course I would have been here my fair share of times since its so close to school. Good good good. What can I say. I have not had one single thing on the menu that I can complain or nitpick about. Everything is amazing everytime. Reliable and reasonable food for the price. I would recommend anything here, from the bhuna rolls to any of the entrees to mango lassi. Everything. Nuff said
Good spot to stop for a late afternoon snack or kati roll (the lamb kati roll was delicious). The gentleman behind the counter was kind and helpful, endearing me to this place further.
Will have to admit - have been ignoring this place since it is just around the corner from The Kati Roll Company (TKRC) for my late night cravings and the previous place ("India Bread Company") just didn't live up to its mark.  However, I stand corrected.  This place is not the same management and also owns a Crepes place next door.Plus - Open till 3 AM Sunday - Thursday.  Come TKRC - you can't close at 1 AM on week nights.  Now I have a new spot and I am true fan of Masala TimesRecommendations -Paneer Bhurji is an absolute must.  I have not had better Bhurji yet.  You have the option of getting it in a Roll or get it with Pav (bread).  Also, channa roll hit the spot and is comparable to Kati Roll.  This place is tiny as most West Village spots but it didn't seem to be crowded at all when we went.
I got the Veg Box with Chana Saag which is mainly chickpeas and Spinach with spices.  Came with bread and rice.  It was very thick and it had a lot of flavor.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, but definitely is heavy.  Need to eat this with a good drink.Not sure if it is worth that price but it is NYC so this is pretty standard pricing for this area.Would eat here again if I was in the area.
Best Indian rolls!Interior is small but very nice and clean, with about 5 tables.  The guy at the counter is very nice.Chicken Tika Roll and Paneer Roll were both perfect and delicious.The lamb roll was delicious, but on par with some of the other indian spots.The rolls come with Chutney on the side which is a nice touch and helps cool some of the heat.Also had the Masala Chai which was very goodWill need to try some of the combo boxes next time.
Vegetarians: The unda bhurji roll makes for a fast and delicious lunch/brunch.Hot scrambled eggs sauteed with peppers, onions, and a golden curry-ish seasoning so marvelous you might just make this a weekly/daily stop. It's also tightly wrapped, so it's easy to eat on the go. If you're a Bollywood fan, the chairs in this place are awesome. (See pic.)
Tiny little BYOB joint on Bleeker with big flavors! I had the paneer tikka masala Veg box which came with a roti, dal and rice. So fresh and delish! BF had chicken skewers and loved it! Will definitely go back next time I'm in the mood and in the hood for Indian!
One of my fav late night food places.. It's a small place but the food is totally worth it. Authentic Indian food! My fav item on the menu is achari chicken platter. The marination is brilliant, one of the best kebabs I've tasted in New York. Their kheema paav is also excellent..
Have visited this place quite a few times and these guys have got the flavors just right. Love stopping at this place for the kati rolls, which I believe are the best in Manhattan. Love their Paneer Bhurji, Chicken Tikka and Bhuna Gosht rolls, but their highlight is the Tandoori Mushroom roll. Excellent spices and marination - delight to have. This is my go to spot for kati rolls in Manhattan.
***FANTASTIC!!***  Their space is so much fun and the Bollywood chairs are the best!  Love the quotes comparing Indian films to Holloywood films.  Also, the food is wonderful and fresh.  So much better than that other place we won't mention...kati roll.  Wooops~ Try the Lamb pav or Chicken Tikka roll.  Spicy, not too heavy or greasy, and decent price.
I just loved this place....and yes I have tried many many Indian restaurants in the city, but this one is truly special. The food is Authentic in the real sense, the service staff is friendly with everyone (and I sincerely hope they stay like that, unlike another Indian restaurant right next to it!!), prices are very very reasonable and the serving size if enough. My favorite- kheema pav....but everything else is good too!
