By far, one of the best Chinese take outs in the area.  Their steamed dumplings are amazing!!!! The hospitality is amazing. A true humble family business that is striving towards success.  And I must say the place is very sanitary.  The food is always fresh and the deliveries are quick!! Leslie, is amazing, courteous and always smiling.
One of the best Chinese takeout places I've ever eaten from. The staff is so friendly, the restaurant is so clean, and the food is delicious! Haven't had one bad thing yet. Their General Tso's is the bomb and all of their soups and dumplings are delicious.
The food here is absolutely delicious, clean, non greasy, and bursting with flavor! I love Chinese food and have been looking for a Chinese food restaurant/take out in Astoria that offers all of that.... In addition, the Owners are so friendly (even when it's busy) and care so much about making the customer happy, and make sure the food stays delicious!
I highly recommend this place and order from them whenever I am in the area! Their food is great and their prices are reasonable as well. I personally love their general tsos chicken and pork dumplings.
I've been to many " hood " Chinese places in my life, some are bad, most are meh , a few can be considered great. This place however I cannot wrap my head around how wonderful it is. The food is simply better quality than its competitors
Surprisingly good Chinese food here. They're really nice too, and delivery was really fast. We tried the sesame chicken, egg rolls, pork fried rice, wonton soup, and Szechuan chicken. They were all good, and as some others have said, not as greasy as most places.
I love this place!  They're right around the corner and I thought that because they were close by that I was sort of sacrificing speed of delivery over quality.  Boy was I mistaken!  This place delivers (no pun intended) on both!  They're lightening fast and the food (more importantly) is spectacular!  It's not greasy like most budget Chinese places and everything I have had was cooked to perfection.
Always consistent. Owners are super nice. They even opened the door for me once when it was after 11 and closed. They even waive to my kids when we pass by.
This place is fantastic!. Best chinese food in astoria and it's so cheap! Delivery is always quick and on time. I wish they'd join seamless, but they are totally worth making the phone call for.
One of the best chinese food takeout restaurants in queens. I got the sesame chicken and my girlfriend got the chicken & broccoli. Both were cooked well and tasted exquisite. The vegetable fried rice was pretty good too.
Decent Chinese location . Close walking distance from my location and also fair prices .
Best Chinese take-out place in the neighborhood. They have AC and heater, not like most of other places. So if you want to eat in, it totally will be a ok experience. The food there are really fresh too, and they have the best fried pork dumpling in New York.
This food is straight nasty.... And don't order the lobster fried rice because it's not really lobster it's actually crawfish tails ... I'm from New Orleans and I know the difference between lobster and crawfish but let the cook tell u it's baby lobster
I ordered from here today and it was amazing!!! The woman on the phone was super friendly. The food was incredible and the delivery girl was super sweet! I would definitely order from here again!
My favorite Chinese restaurant to order from in Astoria!! Their diet menu is amazing and I've tried many of their regular dishes as well. Customer service is excellent and everyone who works in the restaurant is very friendly. I recommend it to everyone in the area for delicious Chinese food!
I like the Shrimp Lo Mein very much and the food is not too salty.
Love this place. Food is always on point and staff is very friendly. May I add very clean
For the two and a half years I've been living in Astoria, I've always lamented the fact that there wasn't a good Chinese place in the neighborhood.  Plenty of options for sushi, Thai, Mexican, Greek, etc., but nowhere to order tasty Chinese food from.  I'd walked by plenty of the hole-in-the-wall Chinese places on my way home from the train, but every single one looks like a haven for food poisoning.  And what's with the trend of Chinese food places featuring faded picture menus that look like they haven't been updated since roughly 1978?Imagine my surprise, when on a late-night walk with my dog the other night I look through the window of Xing's Chef and notice the non-sketchy menu above the counter.  I immediately got on my phone to check out the place's ratings, and found out that Yelp-ers had given it mostly 4 and 5 star reviews!  I new I had to try it out for lunch the next day.When I went in to order take-out for lunch, a staff member was in the midst of sweeping what already looked to be a very clean floor.  He and the other staff members were very friendly (even though they were a bit difficult to understand).  I ordered when I walked in, and my food was ready to go in 5-10 minutes, which was awesome.  The lunch special was around $6.75 for a dish and a drink, which I thought was a pretty good deal.As other reviewers have mentioned, the food portion was generous - I wasn't able to finish my Kung Pao Chicken and will happily have the leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  I've yet to eat my meal at the restaurant, so I cannot vouch for that experience (another reviewer mentioned not getting water with the meal).  But as far as take-out is concerned, this place was really solid and I'm thrilled to discover that there actually IS a decent Chinese place close by.
The best spring roll and shrimp egg foo young ever! The sauce/gravy for the shrimp is the best tasting, not an oil slick.Cold sesame noodles also great and the spare ribs are very meaty and not dry.Very friendly staff and they now know my voice when I call in!!! Love that.On some days all the tables are occupied! ! Very nice to see and very clean as well!
The delivery was quick and warm, very impressive. However, the food generic and often tasteless. None of us enjoyed our food and much was thrown out. Wouldn't go back.
Love this place service is always fast friendly and quick. They take orders over the phone with the option to pay cash or credit. Food taste fresh and good not your normal Chinese  fast food restaurant.
My original review was 4/5 but I'm changing it to 2/5 for poor customer service.                                            Original: There are many Chinese places one can go to if you don't want Xing's Chef,  although the other places are not nearly as clean as they are. I have never once had a problem with my food having a roach or a hair which believe me I have experienced with some other Chinese places in the area. This was never the case with this place and so I trust it. I usually get general tso's chicken and beef or plain lo-mein without vegetables and it is always very, very delicious.Their general Tso chicken is my favorite from all the Chinese places as all of their sauces are delicious. However, their "with broccoli " orders like chicken with broccoli or beef with broccoli always contain way too much broccoli and very few pieces of chicken or beef which is disappointing. So I wound not recommend their meat and vegetable dishes unless you want way more vegetables than meat-the brown sauce though is delicious. That is the only reason I'm giving them a 4/5. Other than that, their food is very tasty, they season everything very good and I love their egg rolls and they have the best dumplings I have ever had as well. This is one of the best Chinese places in Astoria hands down. They also take credit card over the phone which hardly and Chinese places do at all as most do not even take card of any type.               Update 3-25-16 : Today I ordered a large chicken and broccoli(not lunch special) and it was 9.75. If it's over 10 you get a free soda. My family and I order from here ALL the time. Instead of giving me the free soda for 25 cents, she charged me for a soda where it became 10.75 and then didn't give me another free one. Very upsetting and cheap of them for constant customers. Last time I ordered boneless spare ribs without sauce. I went all the way home after I picked them up and they were extremely burned. We had to waste gas to get new ones. When I went to get the new ones she apologized but said "next time say no well done". I never asked for well done. And last time I checked well-done does not mean burned and black. You shouldn't be served burnt food in the first place if you're a constantly returning customer. I used to love this place but lately they haven't been as nice or on par with customer service as they used to be. It's a shame but I might not be returning.
Definitely impressed by Xing's Chef! The kitchen and the small dining room are extremely clean, most dishes I've had were freshly cooked and tasted amazing without being too oily or greasy, the staff is always friendly and helpful and everything is decently priced.Unquestionably, it's the best Chinese Food place I've ever had! Extra props for being very close to my home :)
Tried Xings chef the other day for the first time. I called in an order for pick up. Got some vegetable stir fry with white rice for myself and my boyfriend ordered a sesame chicken combo with pork fried rice. I was very pleased to see how clean this place is inside, I would have to say it's the cleanest Chinese Food place in Astoria that I've personally seen. Worth a try if you're in the neighborhood. The staff is also very friendly in here!
Great new place right next door!!! Super clean- this place doesn't need tables. I could eat their general tso's chicken right off of the floor. Actually, the owners/workers could probably spoon-feed my bf his beloved chicken and cashews from the floor-- that's how incredibly clean AND nice these people are. Fried rice was so good, barely a slick of oil (and we're talking PORK here.) Wonton soup was something left to be desired, but everything else makes up for that..delivery was between the 5-10 minute mark (next block over)Every time the bf and I walk in, it's like we've won the largest check ever from Publisher's Clearing House, and we leave with smiles and fresh food (unfortunately sans PCH check...)Try it out!!!
This place is great! Everything you ever wanted in a Chinese food place! Clean, fresh, and fast!!!! Perfect!!!! Thank you!!!!
Pretty good, even for a Chinese take out place. I rate most Chinese places 2 or 3 stars, but this is definitely a solid 4. Food was delivered in about 15 minutes. Received it fresh, warm, and yummy!
Adam B is right on with his review!  The cleanest Chinese place I've ever been to. And the owners and staff are so friendly. I'll only add that they have a nice seating area with a TV and often have some sport on if you like to watch a game.
I am currently in love with their "Mix Vegetable Soup." All kinds of crunchy, fresh vegetables, in a broth I am choosing to believe is super simple and healthy. It's a whole meal for me, for $1.75 - can NOT beat that!Plus, Xing's Chef is the nicest decorated and best kept little Chinese takeout joint I've ever seen. At least one woman there is absolutely excellent at her job, and also very sweet and personable. And there's a man who trots to the door, when he can, to open it for me with my stroller on my way out.Food 6 + ambiance 4 + value 8 + service 9 = overall 6.3 /10 (decent)
Have to say, this is one of my favorite chinese restaurants in NY.  They have the absolute freshest quality food and some of their dishes are to die for! My personal favorite is the Mongolian Beef along with the Hunan Chicken.  The spare ribs (boneless) melt in your mouth and have that authentic BBQ smell.  The dumplings are so damn good. I can go on and on but the only issue I would improve is that they sometimes won't substitute or combine dishes.  For example, I like Mongolian Beef as a combo but they won't do it and I have to order separately.  But it's still worth it!! Give these guys a try, you'll be glad you did. Oh, the cheese filled crab Rangoon's are like nothing you ever had...OMG!!
3 1/2 stars. They get an extra star for cooking everything fresh and have a very clean establishment. It's your typical NY Chinese restaurant. Some dishes are better than others. The pork dumplings are surprisingly delicious.
Food is always good. Not oily at all. Even the egg rolls are perfectly cooked, yet not dripping with oil. They are extremely nice too. Love this place. Definitely my go-to Chinese restaurant in Astoria. They're spot is always immaculately clean, who doesn't love a clean restaurant with good food?
Extremely clean and friendly. I love this place! Best small Chinese restaurant I have ever ate at!
Food is always fantastic.  Clean place too.  My favorite treat is the scallion pancakes.  The only negative is the woman at the front that takes your order -- she is quite an unhappy woman.  I don't know if she's the owner, but she needs a vacation.
I have been looking for a *clean* Chinese restaurant in Astoria and Xing's Chef fits the bill. Their stuff is new and clean and they don't look like potential disease vectors like some other places. Their food is high quality, though extremely typical for a Chinese restaurant, they don't take any risks with their menu. Still, it is a good value for the amount of food you get, and the portions are large. There are a lot of menu items encompassing the entirety of normal Chinese restaurant cuisine.Unfortunately they don't give you any water with your food, making it difficult to eat inside the restaurant without buying an extra bottle adding to the cost of the meal. Their eating area also tends to be hot, not the most inviting place to eat in.
Good Chinese food. quick delivery. A top spot in Astoria.
Best Chinese take-out! I've liked everything I have ordered from there, which is great because I can rotate dishes for variety. Some of my favorites are the chicken broccoli w/ garlic sauce, hunan chicken, broccoli w/ garlic sauce, beef w/ broccoli, sesame chicken, crab rangoon, dumplings (veg and pork), fried baby shrimp, won ton soup, egg roll, vegetable chow fun, and the list goes on and on! Oh, and the delivery is always very fast! :)
Astoria has a real serious lack of good American style...or any style Chinese food. I am happy to say that this is the best American style Chinese food that I've had in the area. Their $15 live lobster was delicious as was the House Special Soup and dumplings. Now if only an authentic style joint would open...
Best Chinese in Astoria, new place on Ditmars - not greasy and kitchen looks clean, friendly staff.
I just recently moved into the area and got their menu in the mail so figured I would try it.  Overall great place.  I got the General Tsoa's Combination plate (came with broccoli, pork fried rice, and an egg roll).  First of all the person on the phone spoke pretty good English, which was a pleasant surprise, and they were very nice.  The food was delivered hot and fresh to my door within 20 min ( considering i don't live that close to the place that was very quick in my opinion).  The food was delicious and portion was a great size for only $7!  I will definitely be ordering again.
Excellent choice to eat, good portions, not oily, delicious A+, delivery was very fast, I can recommend this restaurant to anybody who likes good Chinese food..
Loved the wonton soup and chow fun noodles with shrimp! Super cheap and quick delivery. Best Chinese iv had so far in Astoria. Every meal comes with a free soda too!
For delivery in the northern astoria area, i believe its hard to beat this place.. Kitchen is spotless(i believe the lady said they just opened), the food is full flavored and it is more than plentiful for the price.. Oh yeah,  and the lady behind the counter and on the phone is nice..crazy, i know..For 15 yrs i have lived in this hood, I now have a new go to place..sorry wah fung..Hope they keep it up..
Best chinese food in Astoria hands down!
Ive been eating chinese food since a kid. I was raised on chicken wings pork fried rice.  So i know a good spot from a mediocre one. Xings is the rare good one. No excess of oil, everything fresh, vegetables crisp, fast delivery. Do it. Do it now.
