Delicious Indian food for not bad prices! My friends and I walked in for a last minute meal, and had excellent service, and a delicious meal. I'd definitely come back here.I had the chicken vindaloo, and my friends had other meat dishes, and we all enjoyed our food.
The food was excellent! It's really great to have a staple Indian restaurant uptown - not many great options for Indian food up here. The service was great and the staff was friendly. Highly recommend.
So happy to have this place in the neighborhood. Really great Indian food with exceptionally friendly servers. Nice atmosphere, above average dishes (especially the black dhal!), and a terrific cup of chai.
This place is amazing and delicious and they care about their customers. Prompt and careful delivery and excellent food.Highly recommend that Saag Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala.
New to the neighborhood and really enjoyed this place. The staff treats you like you are family and genuinely care about your experience. I had garlic naan, some cheese app, and curry chicken. All of it was delicious!
We ate here three times in the first three weeks it was open. And we will continue to go here. What a great addition to Hamilton Heights. Delicious and fresh tasting--from traditional chicken tikka masala to a pumpkin dish I had never heard of, this is wonderful food. We also ordered Tandoori chicken "for the kids" and it may have been the best I have ever tasted.The staff is courteous and service excellent.
Excellent for delivery!. Now we have two in the larger upper harlem area.. .diverse menu. Fast delivery.
Enjoyed Alu Gobi today. Perfectly done Adequate portion. Delicious! Very good service. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
I found the food pretty bland here, and my takeout was not ready when I arrived--I had to wait for 15 minutes after they told me to come.  I asked for it to be made extra spicy, but it was neither hot nor well seasoned with any other spices.  The chana saag was still decent, but the dal makhni was way too heavy.  I know it's supposed to be a heavy dish, but this was like a thick stew of cream with little other flavor.  It really needs a healthy dose of onion, garlic, tomatoes, and spices to cut that richness.  I also think they need to cook it longer.  The naan was definitely the best part of the meal.
There was hair in my food, they brought me out another plate, even though it was delicious I can't go back because I have to traumatized
Low-lit, industrial, Indian vibe. Great for date nights. The samosas are appropriately-sized, never-too-hot appetizers. The garlic naan is fresh and a must. The lamb biryani is a go-to, though they are masters of chickpea dishes. I have been there six times, since coming across this gem. The first time, when the biryani was getting the best of me an older silver-haired waiter approached me and with utmost sincerity let me know that the staff was here to make my experience better and brought out some more raita for me. The genuineness touched me and I returned many times. However, I can't rate this establishment 5 stars because the food and service is markedly better on the weekends (but still good on weekdays). Additionally, during the last visit, I asked for more raita for the biryani. The manager seemed annoyed at not only my request but me generally being in the restaurant. At the end of the meal, I was charged for the raita. I commented in a sincere, non-aggressive manner that I'd never been charged in the past. The manager, in a tone exuding a figurative eye-roll, said: first one free, rest you gotta pay. That could have been explained, when I asked for more or simply in a more professional manner. That type of service is really disconcerting, especially in a nabe where restaurants routinely jump the shark (think: DraftHouse, post-pizza shutdown). So it's back to Clove, where while the food isn't as good, the service is always exemplary.
I liked the taste of pav bhaji served here. Very well cooked close to one you can get on mumbai streets.
Great food for a good price and incredibly friendly waitstaff. Beautiful interior! Ordered Chicken Korma, saag paneer, and mango lassi, would order all again.
The food here is spectacular! We have been waiting for an Indian restaurant in our area because any of the other places we have tried have been mediocre at best. My wife and I have been to Mumbai Masala three times so far and every time we are continually impressed by the favors, quality, and presentation of each dish. If I was forced to say it, my top picks are the coconut rice, naan, chicken korma and the shrimp appetizer so far.....but even trying to pick what my favorites is a challenge! Thank you to the owners of this restaurant as they have changed the food options up here and opened a place that blows other Indian restaurants in NYC (I've tried so many in different boroughs) out of the water.
Excellent take-out food.  Tikka Masala and slow cooked lamb were very good, fresh, and not heavy. Service prompt.
Delicious! The Garlic Naan , Samosas and Red Pumpkin Thoran were fresh and well spiced. I appreciate the there being plenty of well marked vegan options. Will definitely become a go to for take out as well as a casual weekday dinner date!
The food is excellent, I have dined in twice and had one pickup order the service in all cases was great.
welcome them to the hood ! what a pleasant surprise delicious indian food in central harlem. great food, super fast delivery, & a great price! thank you!
BEST Indian food I've ever had. And I've eaten at prob 50 restaurants within Jersey, Miami, Jacksonville Fl, and NY! The service topped the food, which is insane. Deffff recommended for your first time, or if you're experienced with Indian food! :)
I have the absurd good fortune of living a block away from this restaurant, and I thank the culinary gods that I do.  This place is simply fantastic.  The food is made with exquisite care, with palpably fresh, well chosen ingredients.  The service is impeccably attentive. And the atmosphere is just right: a quiet, unassuming neighborhood joint that is secretly one of the best restaurants of its kind in Manhattan.  I told the manager that this may be the best Indian restaurant in the city, and I stand by that judgment. The chicken tikka masala practically melts on your tongue, so well prepared is it. The naan is crisp, light, and flakey. And the sauces are simply divine.  Give this place a try. You'll be glad you did. Long live Mumbai Masala!
Great new place. The murgh curry was excellent and the spice was just right. Really friendly service and a place everyone should try.
Where is my order? The phone number does not work and I have been waiting for 30mins after the 60-65 delivery time and no way of knowing where my $60 worth food is or will ever get  here. Will make it a point to let everyone in the neighborhood know that they run a scam delivery service.
The food is authentic and does not disappoint.  Their naan is exceptional, you can tell it is made in-house and was very fresh and pliable.  The service was also stella.  I especially like places where you are made to feel that your patronage is not only welcomed but appreciated.
Food has been excellent - staff is very friendly and courteous.  We have both eaten-in and taken-out -- don't know what happened with LS V and their apparent long wait time, but that is very atypical of our experience, and everyone else who has posted, as well.  A brand new restaurant, the guys are working very hard to serve the community.  Definitely not a scam - please check it out for yourselves!
