My boyfriend and I tried this place for the first time on Christmas Day.  We were the only white folks in the place at around 12pm, which, let's be honest, can be a pretty good sign when you're talking about Chinese food.The prices here are extremely reasonable and affordable.  The portions are large and the service is really fast.  The dumplings are definitely the star of the menu--really flavorful and served piping hot.My boyfriend had the chicken fried rice and I had the ma pa tofu.  He enjoyed the flavor of his rice, although it was pretty simple.  For the price, that was expected.  My ma pa tofu was tasty but nothing extraordinary.  We could have easily split one dish, but instead we ordered two and took leftovers to go.  This seemed like a great place to come with a group of three or more since the dishes were really large and the prices were good.Like I said, service was fast and very attentive.  It felt like empty plates were removed from the table almost immediately.  This wasn't a place for two people to sit and have a slow meal, but it was perfect for a quick lunch.
The most authentic Shanghainese cuisine. Better than Joe's Shanghai and far better than other Shanghainese restaurants nearby which are actually running by Cantonese staff. I've had a lot of  decent soup dumping so far in New York but this is the only place where I had authentic pan fried pork bun, which is as popular as the soup dumpling in China. We also ordered Wuxi ribs and fish head casserole. The ribs are in juicy tender BBQ style and I am pretty sure it also fits American taste. The fish head casserole is less than $20 but enough for a family. The dishes we had are all amazing and it is a really good place to enjoy non-spicy authentic Chinese food.
If Midtown NYC is the heartland of Szechuan food, then Chinatown is a cornucopia of Shanghai cuisine - I've never really noticed this before, but there are a handful of Shanghai restaurants within walking distance around 21 Shanghai House (for example, Shanghai Heping, Shanghai Cuisine, Joe's Shanghai, Shanghai Asian Manor, 456 Shanghai Cuisine, etc.).  So I more or less just closed my eyes and randomly jabbed my finger at the screen, and saw that 21 Shanghai House had pretty good reviews. Located off Division Street, with boxes of crabs crowding the sidewalk, 21 Shanghai House has very flavorful soup dumplings, friendly service (more so if you're able to throw in some Mandarin), and the best sugar/vinegar ribs. This bit is embarrassing: my friend and I cleaned up the plate of ribs. I could blame it on my walk down to Chinatown right before, but these ribs were seriously addictive. Don't order these for the table if you're on a date or with your boss though - the little riblets require a ton of teeth and unladylike gnawing. I couldn't quite taste the crab in the pork and crab soup dumplings, but let's be honest, we finished those as well. In fact, we pretty much inhaled everything except for the plate of Shanghai bok choy, which I had foolishly asked to be steamed rather than sautéed. Our waitress was so motherly! She kept insisting we take our time to enjoy and eat everything, and sincerely wished that we come back the next time we were in the neighborhood. NEXT TIME: Wu Xi ribs, fish head casserole, rice cakes with shredded pork and preserved veggies
Food here is pretty good. The meat inside the Shanghai dumplings were flavorful, but the broth contained fat that I just couldn't get past. The scallion pancakes were really crispy and paired with the tangy, sweet sauce was perfection. The chicken corn soup was enormous. Granted we did order a large, but a large could've fed a family of 4, and then some. The soup was rich and filling. Also had the vegetable fried rice, which was also pretty tasty. All in all, great place, especially for value!
The BEST Chinese food I have ever had in my life. Not sure if we got them on a perfect day but wow...food was absolutely amazing! We had vegetable lo mein with the thicker noodles (excellent and very tasty), also had the wonton soup (was delicious!) and we had this shrimp dish that was a ton of small shrimp over lettuce...I used the red vinegar over them...I haven't stopped talking about them since I ate there! They were light, flavorful and just crazy good! Then we had cashew chicken which was to die for yummmm! The servers in this restaurant were genuine, helpful and super sweet! If I'm in NY again, this would definitely be my go to spot!!! Very authentic Chinese food. I was very impressed!
If there's a better Chinese restaurant (and I'm talking mainland Chinese, not Cantonese food) in Chinatown, I haven't found it and I don't believe it. 21 Shanghai is one of the best restaurant discoveries I've made living in NY. I first found this place when looking for a place to eat with friends on Chinese New Year, and since then (Feb), this has become my go to, and I've taken countless New York and out of town friends here. The service - great. The waiters speak English and Chinese pretty fluently. You can always get a table. Food always comes out quickly.The food - amazing! So many authentic Shanghainese dishes (and familiar dishes for Americans who haven't been properly introduced to Chinese food). The scallion pancakes are bomb, the dumplings (soup and non-soup) are great. They have my one of my favorite childhood dishes - rice balls in wine sauce. Some other great dishes here include: fish in wine sauce (house specialty), eggplant in garlic sauce, string beans, house style tofu, and the stir fried chow fun. But honestly, get anything here and you'll be satisfied.The price - so cheap. In true Chinese style, the dishes are huge, and you can eat like a king here for less than $20 a person, with some leftovers to take home too.
I have probably had one of the most uncomfortable and disgustingly rude experiences dining here more than anywhere before. I came here because of the reviews and the pictures of the food on yelp. I took my fiancé here and we braved the rain to go from Brooklyn to Chinatown just to eat here. We came in and the female waitress was quite abrupt and rude right off the bat. No greeting just basically ordered to sit at a table they were in the middle of still cleaning which was weird since all the other tables were already cleaned and set up. She threw the menus at us and we looked it over. We decided to order the scallion pancake, dumplings, spring roll, noodles, and the sweet and sour pork ribs. The food came quite quickly. They gave us duck sauce for the food. I asked if they had actual sweet and sour sauce and a younger male waiter with glasses said "I gave you some" quite rudely. I said that you gave me TO GO packets of duck sauce, i want actual sweet and sour sauce, you know, hats red? He again rudely said "I gave you some!" The scallion pancake was delicious however. 5/5. The sauce it came with was great I basically dipped everything in it since I didn't want to use the duck sauce. Dumplings were eh 2/5, and the spring roll was meh as well 1/5. The noodles were amazing and the sweet and sour ribs were delicious! 5/5! My fiancé and I ate everything! Now you're wondering, ok well if you loved everything - why are you leaving a 1 star?Well I went to the restroom and my fiancé was handling the bill. The bill was $35 for lunch. She gave a $10 tip. When I came back I saw the older woman giving dirty looks and the young chap with glasses speaking to my fiancé. When I approached the table he looked pissed and started mouthing off aggressively pointing at us to the older lady and giving us dirty looks. I asked my fiancé what happened- she said that he said that she should give a $15 tip. She said "am I required to?" (She's originally from Germany) and he said no and she then said ok well I'm not going to give you any more then. And so that's when he angrily grabbed the money and started talking smack and giving us the dirtiest looks. We couldn't get out sooner. I don't care how good your food is- your service is garbage!!! Tips are earned and she tipped quite well and how dare you have the balls to request more. Greedy and disgusting! Never again.
One of more authentic Shanghai cuisine. Ordered pork bun takeout.  Very good! The way they packed takeout orders shows they are proud of and care about the food they make.  A bit Japanese mentality.   Service is nice. Polite. Rate for Chinese restaurants.
One of the best meals in New York and best Shanghai dumplings in I've ever had. Get the ribs, it's super soft and tender and falls off the bone.
I thought this restaurant had very authentic Chinese food which is surprisingly hard to find nowadays! The menu offered a traditional shanghainese cuisine, I DEFINITELY recommend getting the soup dumplings; probably the best I've ever had! We opted from something different and got the sweet and sour fried fish, which we all gladly enjoyed. Great place for large groups to share more dishes family style too!
Excellent pork soup dumplings. Kung Pao prepared perfectly. Very good service.Convenient to find from subway.
This place is awesome. Food is great and tasty. Prices reasonable. I don't like their chicken n broccoli that much but they have best soup dumpling I guess. Better then joes shanghai. We had pork and lobster dumpling and I preferred pork. Fried rice is also amazing. Not oily. Only concern was we ended up spent 25 for parking since it's in China town NYC however i definitely comeback to try different foods.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I went on a soup dumpling crawl through manhattan. We tried 6 different pork soup dumpling spots and this one was by far our favorite!!! The skin was super thin, broth flavorful, and the pork was so juicy. The scallion pancake sauce here is amazing too! Also, it was the least expensive. In case you're wondering, the restaurants from best to worst (in our opinions) are as follows:1) 21 Shanghai 2) The Bao (st. Marks)3) Shanghai Manor 4) Noodle House (still so good)5) Joes (so over rated- thick skin, greasy pork, zero broth)6) Shanghai Cafe (so rubbery)
The dumplings were delicious, the soup was hearty, and the staff was incredibly polite and welcoming. As someone who works in food service myself, I give this restaurant my full respect and gratitude and look forward to returning to show my family and friends in the future!
These are by far the best soup dumplings!!! The soup dumplings here are delicious. I had my first soup dumplings about two years ago and really disliked them. I didn't have any ever since then. My husband loved them and was always trying to get me to go. I'd always say no. He'd say you can get something else. We'd go and they'd never have chow fun! Chow fun is my happiness. We found this place cuz we made sure they had soup dumplings and chow fun. Now my husband convinced me to try the soup dumplings because according to him these were the best!!! Boy was he right!!!!! Now I think I'd consider myself obsessed with chow fun. This had to be the best chow fun I've had! I can't eat chow fun from anywhere else anymore because theirs is so fresh! It just taste more home made than all the other corner spots. We've also had general tso and orange beef both amazing! Nothing I've had in NYC is as good as this place!Now this place has ruined our lives, we come at least once a week. But it's also saved us. Date night has gotten a lot more affordable. We would spend $100+ on a simple dinner and two drinks. Here we get So much food and beer but never have we spent more than $40. I really want this place to know how much we love it and how much we appreciate the good service and food!!
Googled Chinese restaurants, and took a chance on this one. Very much enjoyed everything! The atmosphere, attention, service and the food were all excellent.Try the Singapore rice noodles and General Tso's chicken!Love good Chinese food and love this place.Hold us a table, because we'll be back!
Food was shitty, lady kept hovering over table to see if we were done. The turnip cake was fried and way too greasy literally had a few spoonful of oil on the dish. The vinegar for the soup dumplings with ginger looked really old. The noodles were subpar. The place has a B for cleanliness from the government. Should've known from there. The dishes were slightly unwashed, like they didn't really use soap? With a thin layer of film? Also it's cash only even though their yelp says they accept credit. I gave 15% tip still but the lady chased after me as I left and said I had to give them more money. So there lies the reasons for one star. Just go to joes shanghai guys don't play yourself lol
Authentic is the word I use here when it comes to  Chinese food it doesn't get any better than this if you are in the Chinatown area this is the place to eat.
Had an amazing eating experience here this evening. This place is so worth the travel. Read other reviews about places people said to goto but this place was awesome. Servers were polite and helpful. Glad I treked it down here. Will definitely be visiting again.
Compare with other Chinese restaurants, honestly speaking, this one is just normal in any case. If you really want to try authentic delicious Chinese food, go other places but not this one.
Fantastic, my favorite new soup dumpling place! Best so far. Why?* Super fresh handmade on-site dumplings* Thin and perfectly chewy dumpling skin* Perfect dose of soupiness* Perfect temperature--not searing, but just every-so-slightly too hot for comfort, which is my definition of perfect soup dumpling temperature!* If you get the crab soup dumplings, they use fresh crab so no fishinessMust eat while still hot, but that's true for any soup dumpling veteran.Also love the young shanghai veggies, get it sauteed with garlic (basically fresh bok choy)And I'm addicted to their crack chili sauce on the side. It should be at each table. It's a slightly spicy chili oil sauce with tons of sesame and burnt garlic chips on the bottom. It's smokey and delicious. It tastes amazing mixed in with the vinegar for the soup dumplings, and I piled it onto the veggies as well!
I'm usually apathetic to Shanghainese food (my entire family is from Shanghai so I have it a lot), but I was delighted by how yummy each dish was. My aunt never looks at the menu and just asks the waiter for suggestions -because that's how you usually get the best dishes at a Chinese establishment- and everything that came to the table was delicious. My favorite plates were the scallion pancakes, the vegetarian mock duck, the thick fish soup, and the black sesame rice balls. I'm a pescatarian so I didn't try the soup dumplings, which is the Shanghainese speciality, but my connoisseur aunt and uncle were pretty much fighting over the last one. If you're looking for a reasonably priced, authentic restaurant with an attentive staff in Chinatown, I highly recommend you give this place a try!
Soup dumplings (pork) v good (and even though I've had them before, pretended I hadn't and the waiter very nicely explained how to eat them...I've never been treated so nicely in any of the restaurants in chinatown so far! Mad points) . I got the seafood pan fried noodles and these were also really delicious great.  Service was quick and attentive.
Best shanghainese restaurant in NYC (coming from a shanghainese girl). XLB is amazing, must get. Service is OK.. cheap on the vinegar.. WHY?!!?
Yum.  Such a great place. Would be super stoked if this were our go-to local place, but still an easy trip from Brooklyn.  Had fried pork buns, scallion pancake, thick shanghai noodles, eggplant in garlic sauce and crispy shredded beef. All great.  The folks there were also super nice. Couldn't have been more welcoming to us with two kids in tow.  Very happy to have found 21 Shanghai House! We will be back for certain.
Went there on a friend's recommendation. She is from Shanghai..and highly recommended this place. The place lives up to it's good reviews.Our server Kevin was very friendly and welcoming and gave some excellent suggestions about things to try from the menu. We ordered the soup dumplings, some green vegetable with tofu skin and beans (traditional shanghai dish) and the fish fillet in shanghai sauce. Everything was excellent! You could taste the distinct flavors of the dishes unlike several salt heavy and greasy Chinese dishes I have tried in the past. They dishes are family style. The service is very good. They speak good English. And I would definitely  recommend this place.  We topped off our excellent dinner with the China Town Ice cream nearby!
Stumbled upon this resto with my brother. Good friendly service. Prices are decent if not cheap. Food- yummy. Very satisfied.
The best eggplant and flounder I've ever had! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful & had no problem accommodating our group of 15! Definitely recommend this if you are looking for authentic Chinese food.
Good restaurant. I made a reservation but amSurprised that they are not crowded at Saturday evening. The food is nice and the waiters fill up your water frequently. The only thing is that they seem very pushy on letting you finish quickly even if there is no people waiting and a lot of tables are available. I heard this is the way that China town restaurant doing the business but think this could be improved.
As with many other Chinese restaurants, this place is reasonably priced and best for big groups. I wanted to host a get-together with some friends and chose this spot and was far from disappointed. We had an assembly line's worth of food, including soup dumplings, potstickers, sweet and sour fish, porkchops (uh these were not good btw), and various veggies. All decent and I'd recommend this place for anyone wanting to check out Chinatown restaurants and don't want hotpot or dim sum.
Good food and some uncommon dishes too. There is a cold tofu dish with soy sauce, green onion and dried shrimp (maybe other ingredients too) that I particularly enjoy since it isn't something I've seen before. A good place to go, though you may want to prepare yourself for the inevitable "are you Chinese?" question when you arrive.
:D Best Shanghai Dumplings I've eaten on Manhattan.. and I loove Shanghai Dumplings. We had Pork, Pork + Crab & Pork + Lobster Dumplings. You can taste the difference in each soup base.The meat-dumpling ratio & the dumpling texture is just right! So glad I don't have to travel out of Manhattan for good Xiao Long Bao now :)
I'm from Shanghai and I must say the food at 21 Shanghai House is amazing and reasonably priced. The place is nice and clean. The owner is pretty nice and I got to chat w/ him 4 some time since we came after the lunch hour. 21 SH is one of the few places in Chinatown where u can get Shengjian (fried pork buns) and I came especially 4 those since I've been missing them like crazy! The buns taste exactly like home and I recommend the place 2 anyone who wants to taste authentic Shanghainese food. I'm definitely coming back 2 it next time I'm in town.
This is the best soup dumpling in NYC. It has so much soup inside the dumpling and it tastes delicious, The taste is the same with one I ate in Shanghai. In addition, the scallion pancake is so crispy outside and tender inside. YUMMYYYY! ALSO don't miss The Pan-Fried Bun, is perfect! i will be back!
The reviews of the dim sum were great so I brought my boyfriend here. He ordered the General Tso's chicken which was alright, but nothing spectacular. I ordered steamed pork buns, scallion pancakes, and sesame rice balls. The waiter brought me some kind of sesame soup instead of the rice balls. I honestly have no idea what I ate. It was really sweet and I couldn't eat more than one ball from the soup. The pancakes were small but tasty. The dumplings, however pretty, were mostly oil on the inside. I have had better dumplings from American "Chinese" places. The price was small but matched the food. Basically the same we would pay at a mall Chinese place in another city and for the same quality food. We really were not impressed.
It was very good. The kids LOVED the sesame chicken and thick noodles. The manager is very friendly. Try to get a table away from the air conditioning, it cools the food down way too fast.
My boyfriend got kungpow chicken. It was tasty but not only did he finish it before I got my plate but we we waited about 15 min after he finished to get the 2plate. We were not the only table with the same issue. Long wait- go somewhere else in Chinatown
This place is amazing- highly recommend! The food is excellent and service is friendly, unlike other places in chinatown. Ask for Peter to help you with your order - he has the scoop on specials and what's in season.My family and I come here quite often and even celebrated Lunar new year here. Our New Years order in case you are wondering what to order: Soup- fish soup was deliciousCold dishes- try the four fresh Kao fuEggplant with basilSeafood tofuHouse specials including fish fillet in wine sauce and the whole fishStir fried rice cakes
Tasty food; hard to communicate though so not sure if they understood my dietary requirements....
Soup dumplings are slurpendous, highly recommend. Still a relatively new restaurant so relatively clean especially relative to other restaurants in neighborhood. Large portions, moderate amount of seating. Great place to go that is still low key (for now) relative to other staples such as joes or nom way!
One of the best soup dumplings in NYC.The scallion pancake was just perfect and cheap!Friendly service.Very inexpensive.  Really feels like a family-run restaurant.
Excellent food! Very attentive waiters with outstanding recommendations! Nice and cozy place that makes you feel at home. Authentic Shanghainese food!
This was my first experience with Shanghainese food and it definitely won't be my last. The service was very nice and accommodating, and aesthetic is great in here.The soup dumplings were  a recommendation from a friend - I've never had soup in dumplings before. They were delicious and very soupy. I would also recommend the fried rice. Love it here!
This place was amazing! The decor was quite cozy and the food was delicious. The waiters were helpful in explaining many of the new dishes. I definitely recommend coming here,  and will definitely be coming back here more often!
Don't be put off by the location. Food was amazing. Get the scallion pancakes, pan fried pork dumpling and ribs. Yum!
We came and we came again. Every time in Chinatown, this is always our first choice. I like the genuine food and good service. Highly recommended.
Seems like a quality Shanghai style place.  Their house special ribs with garlic was a little disappointing (fried ribs doesn't seem like the greatest idea actually, or this execution was just poor).  However the soup dumplings, thickened beef and seafood soup with cilantro and their vegetables were excellent.  Willing to excuse one dish that wasn't to my taste, I would definitely come back.
21 Shanghai House is a good option if you are looking for some good shanghainese food and willing to escape the standard Asian fare in the heart of Chinatown. The atmosphere was pretty decent as well. The decorations were pleasant and not overwhelming. You also get a pleasant selection of 90s and 2000s Chinese pop hits to listen to. The waiter we had was also polite and attentive. For food, we started with sticky rice balls in rice wine sauce which was really tasty. You can definitely taste the fermented rice wine in the soup. I'd recommend it for those with an Asian pallet but the taste might not be for everyone. Next, we had the crab egg soup dumplings. Sooooo good! As far as I can tell the flavor rivals or exceeds Joe Shanghai, this might have to become my new soup dumpling spot. I believe we saw a little old lady in the open kitchen in the back of the restaurant making them, so they were probably freshly made. That might also explain why we waited a little bit to get them. Any time I've order at Joe's, they usually come out within a couple of minutes of ordering. Although we waited a bit, they were definitely worth it! The bamboo shoots with shredded pork was next. The dish also includes some tasty green Chinese veggies which resembled broccoli rabe, but not 100% sure what it was. Goes great with a bowl of white rice!Last, and probably least was the fish belly in brown sauce. This was a decent sized slice of fresh water fish mostly flavored by oyster sauce. The oyster sauce flavor was a bit overwhelming and could have been tempered with some sweetness or spiciness. Also, be prepared to show off your Asian eating skills since there are a lot of small bones to deal with. Definitely a place I would seek out again.
Food was GREAT. Service was GREAT. Value was GREAT. Portions were HUGE. What else can you say? It was the PERFECT place to stop for a GREAT meal in Chinatown. The reviews were not wrong. Stop by and you will be glad you did.
Excellent food, excellent value, speedy service. We have been here several times and never been disappointed. No reservation necessary. Be aware that the menu includes Westernized Chinese classics like General Tso's Chicken but also features authentic Shanghai style cuisine which might not be appreciated by western palates so order with caution if you are not accustomed to traditional Shanghai fare.
I came for lunch with my family over a long weekend, and all the popular places in Chinatown were packed. I was surprised this place wasn't more crowded given the quality of food. The soup dumplings here are great, as are the Wuxi ribs. The environment was quiet and didn't feel crowded. The service was prompt and friendly. This place definitely deserves more attention in Chinatown.
My friend and I had the chef's special ribs, but they looked as if they were dipped in artificial food dye and were too sweet.
Nice spot. Food comes fast. The fried rice with vegetables is pretty good and so are the soup dumplings.
There is a gaggle of Shanghai restaurants clustered on Mott street north of Canal but discerning locals head south to Division Street to this low key sophisticated eatery. The proprietor is from Shanghai and he is a wise knowledgable gentleman. I believe the soup dumplings are probably the highest quality in Chinatown. The chef has a light and restrained touch with the cuisine.
Super nice service that made me feel bad to say their xiaolongbao is too oily and blend flavor. Went back again but got a little disappointed.
Away from home and missing out all the awesome Chinese New Year dishes, but here I found us a great place to celebrate CNY with a treat of authentic Shanghai dishes. All dishes and service are superb and way above our expectations. Wu xi ribs, red bean pan fried biscuit, song Sao fish fillet, 2 thumbs up! Trust me, I'm a Chinese! ;)
Probably one of the best chinese I tried so far. Homemade dumplings, great beef, good service
I highly recommend the vegetable dumplings. Our waitress was very nice and helpful with recommendations. Definitely would visit again
We had a large group of 10 & were able to make reservations. I loved the dumplings & Kung po. Best I've had. Others at the table were not as impressed with their dishes. Over all I think it was a great choice for our group & we had a variety of dishes to try from. I would go again.
My new favorite chinatown spot...their xlb is delicious. Also got the scallion pancakes, eggplant, and fried pork buns. All freshly cooked and so tasty. The dumpling skin wasn't too thick and the filling was juicy and fresh ingredients. Waiters and waitresses are super friendly too! So excited to go back.
I came here with some friends to sample a few items and am very happy with what we had to eat. My favorite was the wonton soup. The wontons were fantastic, they were filling, and the delicate soup was the perfect accompaniment. The XLB was a good sized portion, it had a nice thin skin and a good amount of soup inside, though I felt the meat could have had more flavor. The skin on the fried dumplings was thicker than the other two and the flavor was great. I left feeling happy and full.
Nice restaurant. I had some chinese dumplings and the fried chicken. It was nice, but staff could smile more :)
Professional Shanghai restaurant. They always have sugar in the dishes. Very sweet. I like spicy foods but sometimes take some Shanghai food is good too!
The best Xiao Long Bao in New York City. I had been here for five times in two years and each time their Xiao Long Bao still amazed me.
I rarely feel compelled to write, except for exceptional places! I ordered the double pork, the crab pork bun/dumplings, and chicken corn soup! Stop by because it is totally worth it!
Went there last night with 8 bros.  Ordered 3 types of soup dumplings, pan-fried buns, scallion pancakes, a stir-fry rice cake (for the gluten-free folks), and the west lake beef soup as appetizers.  EVERYTHING was delicious.We ordered 8 entrees for the 9 of us.  The pork shoulder, basil chicken, braised duck, and fish with pickled mustard were all standouts.  Even the string beans and pea shoots were very well (simply) prepared.  Again, EVERYTHING was delicious.  The portions were also generous that I ended up taking home enough food for 2 meals.Even with so much food (plus wine and soft drinks) the total bill (including taxes and tips) came to less than $30 per person.  Incredibly reasonable considering the quality and quantity of food.One more thing, the service was very friendly and helpful, efficient yet unobtrusive.  I would definitely come here again when I I have the craving for Shanghainese food.
5 stars for the following: -reasonable prices-authentic Chinese food-delightful staffThe Shanghai House is for real. Newly opened in the thick of Chinatown,  the owner Peter and his staff have successfully pieced together a teleportation device that takes patrons to Shanghai. I stepped back into my year abroad in China. Last week, I grabbed 4 of my (American) friends and brought them to Chinatown to celebrate the New Year.For appetizers, we ordered the classic- 小龙包 (soup dumplings) 2 orders actually, brought me back to my time slurping these bad boys back in China. The waiter actually came over to teach my friends the proper way to suck the boiling soup out before consuming the dumpling. Highlights from our main course included WuXi ribs - recommended by the manager - chicken and broccoli,  spicy eggplant, and shanghai fried noodles. After reminiscing a bit with the owner about Shanghai, he kindly gave us a sweet bean curd desert dish for free. Indeed, the entire staff was very welcoming, essential for a place that is through and through Chinese. If you want authentic Chinese food at a reasonable price, served by a pleasant staff, the Shanghai House is the spot.
21 Shanghai was my first stop in my New York and it was very good. We ordered the Soup Dumplings, Pork and preserved veggies with noodles, and the curry Chicken. Everything was great and the service was good too. I had a good time and would want to explore the menu more another time. I haven't been to other chinatown spots in a very long time, but this one is definitely worth checking out.
This is one of the Shanghai restaurant i love in Chinatown , Food tastes delicious and price is ok.
My Fav Shanghai restaurant in New York City - really good service with excellent food!
Very gd customer service, especially in China Town, this is a hidden gem. I am Chinese and my husband is from Shanghai, we feel the cuisine is authentic and good. Also not a lot of MSG which is hard to find in affordable Chinese restaurants. Price and portions are reasonable. We ordered: Rice Cake, Stir Fry Cabbage, Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) and the whole fish with pine nuts. All are good.
I rarely give 2 star reviews, but this place is so overrated. The fried pork dumplings were actually good but not great. The sesame chicken was too sweet, the chicken was so-so, and there was more breading than chicken. The service was unfriendly. I should have gone to Wo Hop!
Average Shanghai style food. Portions are good for the price. In terms of taste not much different from other typical Shanghai style restaurants.
Much better than expected!First, the restroom was spotless which is always a good indicator. Second, most of the customers were Chinese, another good indicator. We were immediately greeted and placed at a table for two in front of the cash register. Without prompting our server moved us to a larger table in a better location. For appetizers, we split an order of pork and crab soup dumplings plus a bowl of wonton soup. We were going to order a third appetizer, but our server thoughtfully suggested that this would be too much food and he was right. Both appetizers were top notch, tasty and properly seasoned.For our main courses, we ordered the cashew chicken plus beef and broccoli with bamboo shoots. Both were excellent and it was a lot of food. We should have split an entree. This small restaurant, 21 Shanghai House, is a little out of the way, but worth the walk. It is warm, inviting, clean, service is excellent and so is the food! The price was very reasonbable. We had four Tsingtao beers, two appetizers and two entrees for about $60 plus tip.
Amazing place hidden away from the crowded streets of Chinatown. The place is clean, the staff is nice, and the food is delicious. Been here several times already. Usually order the west Lake beef soup and their delicious fried pork buns.
After seeing all the positive reviews written here, I finally got the chance to try 21 Shanghai house yesterday! AND it's, indeed, awesome! This is one of the best Shanghai restaurants I've ever eaten in China town. Great service, great environment, and most importantly great foods! Love it.
Just had a great meal at 21. Came in with 4 adults, one child. Ordered soup dumpling a, pork buns, and then Shanghai noodles, sesame chicken and fried rice. Everything came out quickly, and very good. Sesame chicken just slightly overcooked, but sauce was good and everything was overall so great that it didn't bother us too much. Best part, 3 entrees, 2 appetizers,and a soup was under fifty! So coming back!
My family and I come here every week ... every. week. But I do not mind one bit. The food is delicious and have great wok flavor (very important). Our favorites are:- Pan fried dumplings (best I've ever had... and I've had many)- Pan fried buns (always a winner)- Soup dumplings (made with TLC - you can see them make it in the back!)- String beans with minced pork (for all you health nuts)Do yourself a favor and make your way to this delicious spot. You won't regret it.
Food was excellent! Easy to find and prices were decent. Found something for the kids and adults.
The wife picked this place and I'm glad she did, traditional Chinese food. We ordered the crispy/crunchy duck, Chicken fried rice and the house special noodles, everything was on point.
Excellent. I cannot believe places like this still exist in touristy Chinatown. The XLB dumplings are amazing, and the Dong Do Pork is soooo smooth. Yang Zhou fried rice was also tasty. Plan to go back and try the pan fried buns. Very nice staff.
I really wanted to like this restaurant more, but my quest for a great Chinese restaurant remains quixotic.  Everything was good but insipid and unspicy.  Even their hot chili sauce was tepid.  Service was good but rote and tired.  A good, solid Chinese restaurant but really uninspired.  Might have been because we arrived late.  But are there any truly great Chinese restaurants out there?  The late and inspiring Craig Claiborne named it one of world's four great cuisines, but we've come up empty-handed on three continents, even in Beijing.  By great, I don't mean Denmark's Noma or the French Laundry.  I mean Brindle Room's burger or Suppenkuche's herring platter:  excellent ingredients, down to the oil used, and excellent execution at a non-insulting premium.  Good Chinese broccoli, thick stir fry noodle, pork ribs.
Pleasantly surprised! I had a craving for American/Chinese food and specifically something with rice. I got the sesame chicken. They forgot the sesame with the chicken but it was still tasty. The chicken wasn't overcooked and there was ample meat. it actually reminded me of Vivi popcorn chicken - but in sweet/sour sauce. I recommend if you're looking for a lunch special.
My go to Shanghai place now! Away from Joes Shanghai, Shanghai Cafe and their ridiculous long waits & tourist frenzy, this place got great waiter staff. Staple meal consist of 2-3 entrees of soup dumplings (8-12 people) the wrapping is not too flimsy, just the right amount of filling & it's not oozing in pork fat) Love their Fish soup, helped me survived this winter & it just warms your tummy to heart. Love their fried pork buns, sheppard's purse & pork rice cake, the zhajianmian mince meat sauce is no overly salty or chunky, noodle is done right.
Food was nice,but the service was so bad that I don't think it's worth to spend the money there.
Quite possibly the best Chinese food I have ever had.  Everything I ordered was awesome ... and the staff was friendly and attentive. They even showed us how to eat some of the food properly... been doing it wrong for years! Highly recommended.
Just returned with a group of 14. Kevin arranged the entire menu for us and it was sensational. Every dish. Excellent value for money. Service is incredible. I tried several new dishes. Flawless fresh with exceptional attention to detail.
Excellent food, great very friendly service.  Nice atmosphere, quaint little restaurant.  Lots of local families eating diinner
We are from southern California and visited chinatown in NYC to sample the cuisine after a long day of sightseeing.  We chose this establishment due to it's high ratings on yelp. We were confident that we would have a good experience. Unfortunately, that did not happen. Upon entering we were promptly seated near the entrance and we're handed some menus. The server brought over some hot tea and asked if we were ready. We asked for some time to make our selections. She left and returned in 60 seconds asking if we were ready.  I said not yet. She came back 60 seconds after and asked if we were ready yet. I said not yet. She went over to another server who then immediately  came and asked if we were ready to order. We felt very pressured and rushed. We placed our order with the second server and the food was brought out promptly. She left the food and did not ask if we wanted anything to drink. I had to flag her down to ask for some water and a soda she was to busy watching TV and talking to the other servers.  We tried to get her attention for about 6 minutes. Finally after we were almost done we flagged a different server who came to our table and got us our drinks. He brought water and a can of hot soda.  After our drinks are brought the first server began yelling at the guy who brought us drinks.  The entire time the servers were either tending to the other guests or watching tv. Becoming very upset we asked for our check.  When it was brought to us the 2 female servers stood behind us blocking the exit as if they thought we were going to leave without paying.  She picked up the check which was $24. We left $40. She asked if we wanted change to which I said yes. She came back with a 10 and a 5. We felt that the level of service did not Merit a tip. Our tiny drinking cups were constantly empty with no refills. And they never came by asking if our food was okay. It was overall a bad experience so we decided not to leave a tip. When we got up to leave. One of the female servers told us that we need to leave a tip in a loud and angry manner. I told her that we did not feel the service was good so we're not going to tip. She became very angry and started yelling in front of all of the other guests and said maybe next time we should eat somewhere else. We felt very rushed, uncomfortable and unwelcome in that restaurant. We will not be going back and neither should you.
I has dinner here with my friend last night and it was a pleasant experience. The best thing about this restaurant was how kind all the waiters and waitresses were. The boss would recommend food to every table and always paid close attention to anyone's needs. We ordered Pork soup dumplings and lobster soup dumplings.The pork soup dumplings were amazing and we made two orders of them.The lobster dumpling was disappointing, it was like chewy meat in the middle.The dish that saved the day was the seafood ricecake noodles. It was so good!
On vacation with family. We looked up on yelp the best restaurants in Chinatown and this was #1. It deserves to be #1 we enjoyed everything about this place. The food and the service were excellent. I read the reviews saying pork soup dumplings were a must, THEY ARE! So delicious. We also had the pork buns, which were fabulous as well. We were a little confused but the portions are definitely big enough for two people. We all ordered something and there was plenty! I definitely recommend you give them a try!
Went there for the third time today and I love it. I have been to almost all of the other soup dumplings/shanghai places in Chinatown and this is my favorite all around. The pork soup dumplings are a little smaller than most other places (Joe's, Shanghai Cafe, etc.) but are really tasty. Scallion pancakes are another of our must-haves and a way to compare all restaurants to each other. These are perfect - not too greasy and not doughy and undercooked. Just right.I have also had what I believe is called "Chopped spicy noodles", which is on the back cover of the menu. These were recommended to us by our waiter and did not disappoint. They are hot and have mushrooms and some sort of brown sauce.The service is so far ahead of the rest of the pack. On my first visit with a friend, our waiter was friendly, attentive, provided suggestions and checked to make sure things were okay. A far cry from other places that basically throw down the food and menus at you (I'm looking at you, Shanghai Cafe, especially!). The manager (or owner, not sure) gave me his card and said he hoped we would come back. We were the only non-Asians in the place, which I always take the be a good sign.The second time I went alone for lunch. Both the manager and waiter (different guy) were concerned about me eating soup dumplings and burning my mouth until they realized I knew how. Then they jokingly called me "a professional soup dumpling eater" after seeing my technique. I had some questions about the vinegar that is used for the dumpling sauces, and the manager (or owner, but not the same guy as the first time) wrote it for me in Chinese so that I was able to take it to a local market and buy it. If you've ever been in a large Chinese grocery, you know how many different bottles of soy and vinegar they have (side note: when I went to the market, they told me this was the best vinegar made, and a large bottle cost me $2.19. They even told me what to mix it with and in what proportions). Today I went back with the friend I went with the first time (a month or so ago). We were recognized and welcomed back and once again had an excellent meal.I almost hesitate to write such a great review because I like having secret places to go to, but they are so good and I want them to stay in business forever! Thank you, 21 Shanghai, for making such great food and not serving it to me in a way that makes me feel like you are doing me a favor! Even the cooks have gracious smiles for guests.
this new restaurant is great! I've been going to chinatown for years and this is my new favorite. every dish was delicious and the waiters were so nice and helpful. try the pork and crab soup buns, they're the best in chinatown! I loved this place and will definitely be a regular customer!!
Tasty soup dumplings (XLB)! Came on a late Saturday afternoon and was happy to not have a wait like the other XLB places. Quick staff and friendly. Clean space. Will be back with the family to try more.
One of the best meal we have had for a long time. Great soup dumplings, excellent beef, fish, rice cake and dong pao dishes - perfectly seasoned, not greasy at all. We were pleasantly surprised -visited on a snow day but the restaurant was full house. The owner is extremely knowledgeable and gave great recommendation.  Thumbs up!!! We will be back soon.
Relaly great service and people, had the crispy fish (tilipia?) very good the soup dumplings were excellent. (need more vinegar sauce at table) Good vice can't wati to go back. PS the menu could be more descriptive. ie: spring vegetables. Bok Choi?
Great food - would recommend the pork soup dumplings, Shanghai style thick noodles, and the garlic eggplant was expertly cooked, not to chewy like eggplant often is. Would have given it 5 stars but the waitress was outright rude from the moment we walked in the door. Would go back, but I hope she's not there.
I'm boutta get at them boi nfs. Who don't got ice at a restaurant ? However I guess the soup dumplings are alright
This was a new spot for me, but not for the many people there. The staff did a nice job of keeping the service moving. And the food was delicious. I'll be back!
Cheap lunch special! $5.50 for egg drop soup ( a bit bland), rice, and a small entree. I also really like their soup dumplings! Cheaper than Joe Shanghai, without all that wait, and equally as yummy. I don't care for their fried pork buns (little to no broth and way too much dough relative to meat ratio).
Absolutely delicious!  Walked a ways to get here, but well worth it!  Had three people waiting on us!  Incredible and FRESH pan fried pork buns!  I would be here all the time if I lived in NYC!
Great food and inexpensive. We were originally planning on going to Joe's Shanghai but were not up for the long wait. I recommend the Shanghai Beef.
Delicious! We had the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork buns, fried dumplings, and Shanghai style pan fried noodles. Everything was great. Also, Kevin was really nice and gave us some good tips!
Great authentic Shanghainese food off the other side of Bowery, away from the general craziness of Mott and central Chinatown, so it's less packed, quieter and generally has better service than the others. Please consider ordering something other than fried rice and beef with broccoli.Service: owner and waiters were extremely accommodating and friendly (in a Chinese manner; don't expect Michelin-star restaurant standards. Chinese restaurants prize efficiency and good food, not tranquil music and catering to your every whim). Since the restaurant was not yet busy when we went for a lunch on a weekend, the owner moved the three of us to a larger table so we could sit more comfortably, chatted with us and made recommendations on dishes we should try.Food:-Pork soup dumplings (house recommended) - delicious, not overly fatty, good ratio of meat-fat-soup-skin.-Fried pork buns - good. Smaller and less greasy than the streeet-side versions in Shanghai. -Xihu (West Lake) beef soup - great. Clean, light, and flavorful without tasting too much of MSG. Don't forget to add a dash or two of white pepper!-Marinated duck - good. A house specialty. Somewhat sweet (in accordance with the Shanghainese style of cooking); only the fact that it was a little on the dry side kept this dish from being great.-Wuxi spare ribs (house recommended) - great. The meat was fall-off-the-bone-tender, and the extra (again, rather sweet) sauce was great to dip the accompanying veggies in.-Rice cakes with pork and preserved veggies - delicious. The rice cakes were the perfect balance of soft yet chewy, the pork didn't taste like leftovers, the preserved veggies weren't too salty and the whole dish was flavorful, neither too dry nor too saucy-Rice wine dessert soup (house recommended) - delicious. Apparently they make their own rice wine mixture, and it's flavored with osmanthus flowers, Comes with sesame tangyuan. One order is a medium sized bowl, good to share between three people.Value: tab came out as expected- if you order the house specialties, the meal will come out to be more than your average Chinatown meal, but well worth the price.Fingers crossed 21 Shanghai House keeps up its standards if it gets more popular!
We went there at 2pm, and there's no wait. Soup dumplings came out steaming hot. We both thought that the crab one is slight better then the regular one. Think noodles are pretty good, not great. The waitress was super nice. The place seems clean . Glad we went !
Great food, much more relaxed than some of the other restaurants in Chinatown. The soup dumplings were great!
I would really like to give this place a good review because the manager and help were very nice (otherwise it would have been two stars).If you go there order the soup dumplings.  If you are still hungry order the soup dumplings--they are really good/.  If you are still hungry repeat the above.  Actually the eggplant and basil was decent as was the broad noodle dish, but everything else--the Crystal Shrimp, the bok choi--very bland and the ribs were pretty awful.
This new eatery is very good! I have been going to chinatown for years and this is my new favorite. every dish was tasty as well as the servers were so pleasant and helpful. Attempt the pork and crab soup buns, they are the finest in chinatown! I adored this area and will undoubtedly be a frequent customer!!
It's very good and I just felt like I was really in a china town and super warm,and the food taste is very nice!cant wait to go again!!
The food the server recommended was awesome and delicious!! Never had a soup dumpling before and I gotta say it's a must! Great atmosphere and our service was excellent!
Highly recommended! Excellent food and good environment. We had the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and the braised duck (jiang ya). It's real chinese food: healthy, tasty and not expensive at all.
The best xiaolongbao in the city. Try the beef noodle soup as well. Absolutely wonderful. The service is also top notch. This is some of the best Chinese food I've ever had in my life. Bravo. Keep up the good work. Go here if you love food. If you're a lame hipster foodie wannabe then go check out Joe's Shanghai. Enjoy the wait and mediocre food!
love this place!  soup dumplings are delicious- nice thin skin, soup is somehow more mixed in with the meat compared to other places.  service is refreshingly prompt and they are always welcoming.  the other food is also excellent, snow pea leaves and walnut shrimp are our faves
If you have to eat here, make sure you check that the meat is cooked before you swallow it. We ordered steamed juicy dumplings, pan fried dumplings and pan fried pork bun.  My kids ate the pan fried dumplings very quickly.  When I ate it, I looked at the inside while chewing.  To my horror, the pork was red!!! I checked another dumpling, and it was red as well!  What this meant was that my kids ate raw pork!  The pan fried pork bun raw as well.We will definitely never come back again.  Bad experience.
Very good service, warm atmosphere, good food, must try their braised sea cumber, dumpling, one sentence everything is good here.
Love the soup dumplings, stir fried green beans, and shanghai style noodles. The soup dumplings are a great alternative to Joe Shanghai's and without the wait.
Was very excited to try this relatively new spot after reading all the reviews. Unfortunately, the food did not live up to the previous reviews.  The chicken and corn soup was good. The vegetable dumplings were almost rubber.  The fried pork buns came out completely raw on the inside, we sent them straight back after biting in to them.  The general Tso's chicken was bland and the sauce was lackluster at best, no better than the average cheap chinese delivery spot.  We also tried the house special garlic ribs.  Maybe it was our fault for not understanding what we were ordering because we expected something resembling a spare rib with some special sauce.  What arrived was a pile of fried pieces of rib meat with bone and cartilage with no sauce.  Maybe an accurate description on the menu would be helpful.  Unfortunately I do not speak chinese so communicating with the servers was a bit of an adventure.  I will accept my side of that communication break down but I still won't be making plans to dine here again.
A hidden gem among Chinatown's Shanghainese restaurants. Huge diverse menu, with the familiar and unfamiliar. Excellent soup dumplings as you'd expect of any decent Shanghai place, but the leathery-looking smoked dry fish also makes for a delicious cold appetizer. Waiters and owner gracious and helpful, pointing out interesting menu items, including lots of options for the vegetarians at our table. Particularly appreciated owner's willingness to let us make a Saturday night reservation (albeit early) for party of 7 when at least half a dozen other places turned us down. Off the beaten Chinatown path, but greatly worth the trip. We'll be back.
The food was delicious and the portions were very generous. The waiter/manager was also very attentive and friendly. No regrets about this place!
the people in the restaurant are really nice, also the flavor is really Chinese and delicious. I can eat it everyday!!
One of the best shanghainese place in the city. Much better than joes shanghai.
Came here for dinner on Monday night with family after seeing the 4.5+ star Yelp review. It was good, but not the best Chinese food in Chinatown as Yelp would have you believe. We ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings, fried pork buns, scallion pancake, eggplant in garlic sauce, sesame chicken, and shrimp with broccoli. The soup dumplings were very good. The fried pork buns and scallion pancake were okay. The eggplant in garlic sauce was the best of the entrees, but honestly most of it tasted like your average (very good) NYC Chinese food. Wouldn't rush back here. With that said - the entire meal only cost $75 for 5 people and we even had leftovers, which is a great value.
Came here for the sheng jian bao since it was a Shanghainese restaurant and had good reviews. Don't get the sheng jian bao here. They're not authentic, aka the filling isn't soupy and the bottom of the dough isn't crispy.
Just OK...2 1/2 stars bumped up to 3 because service was friendly and efficient.  Scallion pancakes were delicious (even if a little greasy). XLB (pork and crab) had little if any crab flavor, were oddly tough at the top and several dumplings stuck to the parchment paper; leaking out most of the broth before we could get a spoon under it. The broth/fillling was good...just not crabby. Seafood pan fried noodles were completely soggy (drowned in gravy) and, other than a couple of tiny shrimp and a few flakes of fish,  didn't have anything identifiable as seafood. Flavor was good but too gloppy and not at all crispy. I hate to say this, but with all the good places nearby, I may not give them a second try.
The food is absolutely amazing.  The Pork Soup Dumplings are incredible and the staff showed us how to eat them- so attentive and so nice!!!! This is a MUST if you are in New York-- take a cab, subway, walk..... Just get there and enjoy!
Went here based on all the positive reviews as my rotation of chinatown addresses was getting a bit stale. I'd say overall prob the best shanghainese restaurant I've been to in NY (I used to live in Shanghai). the only thing they get points off for were the XLB and shengjianbao. they were ok but I think shanghai café is still he leader in this category.
Shanghai house is a place where I can visit with my friends, family or relatives without second thought and the surroundings nearby gives you a pleasure and freshness which rejuvenate yourself. Food was awesome.
Really nice and authentic Shanghai food. I went for pescetarian and there were so many options. The scallion pancake was the best I have ever tasted. The spicy flounder was cooked to perfection; not too crisp not too soft. Bokchoi was rightly sauté. For dessert, we had red bean cake with the right texture. I have used "right" so many times and this describes this place ... Every entree was perfectly right, which I feel is so imp for food from that part of the world.
For appetizers, I ordered the juicy pork steam bun and pork - these are the best I've eaten in the last 20 years - Absolutely amazing.  They were juicy and flavorful, the skin was soft and delicate.  Next we had fried pork dumplings - another home run.  The chicken fried rice and pan fried noodles were also super!!!  Wait staff was kind and attentive.  10  I'll definitely be back!
So I'll try to keep this as short as possible...After hunting down restaurant after restaurant for good dumplings, we felt we'd give this one a shot. At first we we're iffy because it only has 25 reviews but hey, why not.We we're welcomed by our nothing but friendly waiter and the owner.My friend had soaked her feet considering it was snowing bad outside and the owner went and brought us a piece of cardboard for her to sit her feet on. We asked what he recommended and he was kind enough to consider what would go well with what. He then brought us water and a kettle with green tea while we waited. We ordered the pan seared pork dumplings first, which we're AMAZING. We also ordered chicken friend rice, Shanghai pan fried noodles, kungpao chicken, and sesame chicken. The kungpao chicken was delicious and the texture was perfect, however, the sesame chicken was probably the best sesame chicken I've ever tried.The rice was delicious, not too sour and not too moist. it was perfect. the noodles were also good but not their greatest dish, however it was enough to share between four people. they also brought us complimentary sauteed loofah! by far one of the greatest dining experiences, this place deserves the best of customers :)
I've been back again & again since discovering this place just a month or so ago. The soup dumplings are the best.. Really flavorful with a perfectly delicate skin that doesn't stick to the steamer or other dumplings, which happens in other places where it rips & you lose the soup, or where it's too thick & doesn't have the right texture. All the noodles I've tried are amazing & I can't get enough of the eggplant or the string beans. The scallion pancakes are also full of scallions and not overly greasy like in other places. The red bean pancakes for dessert are also fantastic! This is my family's new go-to spot in Chinatown. We went with friends even in the downpour last week and it STILL got packed by dinnertime. Good thing we got there before the rush. Meanwhile other restaurants are mostly empty in weather like that! So worth it.
I came here in search of soup dumplings and ended up having one of the best overall meals I've eaten in a long time. Our group ordered 7 dishes (including several awesome suggestions from our waiter) and each one was amazing in its own right. The soup dumplings were, of course, delicious. The wu xi ribs fell off the bone. The preserved vegetables with tofu skin and rice cake with sea food were also favorites. I can't wait to go back.
This is one of the best meals I've ever had in Chinatown. Or anywhere. The soup dumplings were juicy, with excellent, thin, stretchy dough. We also had the shredded eel with yellow leeks and of course Ma po tofu, which was wonderful, with the perfect mix of flavors and textures.
We accidentally stumbled on this restaurant on the edge of Chinatown. Really, really glad we did. We got there around 6 and were the only non Asians in the place -- to me that says we're going to get an authentic, non-touristy experience. And we were right. Fantastic soup dumplings (FYI - eat them on the spoon, not on the plate)! Also had the salt & pepper pork chops, sauteed green beans and fish wrapped in sea weed. Everything was freshly made and very tasty. Our server was wonderful - friendly and prompt and made us feel totally at home.
This place is amazing! I lived in Shanghai for over 5 years and this place is the most authentic shanghai-nese restaurant I have been to in NYC! The owner is also really friendly and nice. He gives amazing recommendations when you are in face with so many choices food choices! I highly recommend this place for those of you who want authentic chinese food!
So glad we came here instead of Joe's.  We walked in at 7:30 on a Sunday night and there was no wait, and seeing the line out the door at Joe's (in 90deg heat), this was a welcome sight. Especially since I was meeting up with an old friend to catch up, it was nice not to be rushed and to be able to hear each other speak in normal talking voices. And I don't think the food was any less yummy or authentic!  Also, I noticed the menu said it was called Xiao Nan Guo in Chinese, which, if you're familiar with Chinese businesses, know that Xiao Nan Guo has a conglomerate of restaurants and hospitality businesses in China and Taiwan (e.g. we went to a XNG bathhouse/spa in Shanghai that was really nice)...not sure if this resto is actually XNG-related, but interesting name recognition.  Got the XLB with just pork, nian gao (rice cakes) with preserved veggies and diced pork, and sauteed baby bok choy.  Everything was solid and delicious.  I probably would have chosen to switch out the bok choy for snow pea leaves, just cuz I like those better, but food was fresh and tasty. One thing I noticed was that the servers were not Shanghainese, which is fine, but I was speaking to them in Shanghainese without them saying anything, only to shake their heads at the very end, and then I had to repeat everything again in Mandarin.
This place has fantastic Chinese food and dumplings!!  And the staff are delightful and give great service.  It also takes reservations and credit cards.  Compared to Joe's Shanghai, 21 Shanghai is WAY WAY better!  The soup dumplings are fantastic.  Perfect!  We had the fried pork dumplings as well... amazing.  The orange beef and sauteed chard were yummy yummy.  We ordered extras of all of it.  Can't wait to go back!
We came here based on other reviews and were not disappointed. We stopped here for lunch on Thursday and are still talking about how delicious it was on Sunday. The soup dumplings and roast pork buns are delicious. Kevin was attentive and helpful  - providing spot on advice for the rest of our afternoon.
After read many 5 stars rating about 21 shanghai. I have dinner with my kids here tonight. Seeing is believing . As 3 restaurants owner myself  that I know only delicious food can't satisfy picky eater anymore, you need to have friendly service & pleasant atmosphere too. This restaurant gives my family & me a happy family dinner night. Thank you for all of you with your hard work. Special thanks to manager Peter with your kindness & business honesty. Wishing you have best business in NYC China town & you do deserve it.
Delicious food. Highly recommend the orange beef. Service was top notch!
I'm not an expert on Shanghai cuisine, but I brought my mother, who is originally from the Shanghai area, to this restaurant when she was visiting from Arizona, and she loved the food here, as did I. We had the rice cakes with pork and veggies (a very Shanghai dish that my mom can't get in Arizona), sauteed loofah (清炒絲瓜), and tofu with shrimp; the last two were all very simple dishes in light sauce, but they were all delicious. The tofu was an awesome silken texture and the sauce tasty, the loofah (melon-y, squashy vegetable) was the best I've had outside of Taipei, and the rice cakes were our favorite, stir-fried to a perfect consistency with a lot of flavor. We also started with the pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao), and they're not my favorite thing because of all that fat and oil, but they definitely rival Joe's Shanghai, except in a much nicer atmosphere (fewer crowds and no table sharing). Facilities were also clean, and the service was good (it's a Chinese restaurant, so service is on a different standard, but we were very happy).
Chinatown has a new star! 21 Shanghai House is a knockout...they've brought together some of the best talent in Chinatown to open this new restaurant, and they are setting a new standard of excellence. Every dish we ordered was outstanding, with the flavors beautifully balanced and nuanced. I've been a regular customer in Chinatown for many years, and these were the best soup buns I have ever had.  We ordered a wide range of dishes, including seafood and meat dishes that were beautifully tender and flavorful, house specialties recommended by the staff that were fantastic, and one dish made special to order, and everything was simply delicious. The service is friendly, attentive, and highly professional, the restaurant is attractive and clean. Everything about 21 Shanghai House shows this restaurant aims high and knows how to achieve it. I will definitely return and look forward to many wonderful meals at this terrific new Chinatown restaurant.
Best shanghai place in chinatown.   Best crabmeat dumplings and scallion pancakes.  Seafood noodles are flavorful.   Definitely will come back.
Ah! So sad that the last time we went back, the food was absolutely terrible! Everything was overly greasy, the pan fried buns looked and tasted like they were made by a 4 year old, and everything was just subpar. It was probably our 5th or 6th time back and we were really looking forward to a great meal. Womp womp.Maybe I did something wrong and God is punishing me.
I've only gotten the lunch special for takeout a few times. It's only $5.50, and the food is good. I especially love the double cooked pork
Um... two words: soup dumplings. If you've never had a soup dumpling before, come here and order a basket. I live in St. Louis so I don't really get soup dumplings. They're one of my absolute favorite shanghai foods. A friend took me here while I was visiting and I was so happy. A basket comes with i think 7 or 8 dumplings. I ate 2.5-3 baskets BY MYSELF. The flavors were spot on, the vinegar sauce was plentiful, and the dumplings were fresh and juicy and threatened to burn my mouth. What? You don't like scalding food? What's wrong with you? It's been 2 months since I was actually here and I still dream about it. I don't care about anything else here. Just get the soup dumplings...unless you don't eat pork... i'll just weep a little for how much you're missing out and eat more in the future.
Came here for dinner with a Shanghainese friend, and we both left impressed. I was happy with the taste while she was happy with the authenticity, so it was a winner on both counts.We were both craving xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and really didn't want to go to Joe's or somewhere similarly overrated, so we found this on Yelp and decided to check it out. Fun fact: Upon walking in, this place immediately reminded me of a place back in the LA area called Mama Lu's! The exact same setup, food options, and feel. And I love love love Mama Lu's, so I took this as a good sign.SOUP DUMPLINGS (XLB):Our pork soup dumplings arrived hot and steaming, and I definitely burned my mouth in excitement (as always...) on my first bite. The dumpling skin here is on the thinner side but not so thin that it easily breaks. There's tons of soup inside and the meat is very flavorful. Overall, definitely some of the better xlb's I've had in New York.PAN FRIED PORK DUMPLINGS (SHEN JIAN BAO):I love these and get excited when they're on the menu anywhere, so I'm happy to say they were great. Nicely fried on the bottom, pillowy and slightly chewy on top, and filled abundantly with juicy pork.SHANGHAI RICE CAKES:We got these with pork and preserved vegetables, and they were different from Shanghai rice cakes I've had before. These were much more "fresh," if that's possible. Rather than being a bit greasy and heavily pan-fried (though I love that variation as well), these were much more lightly fried, enough that they were still white. The preserved veggies were my favorite part, as they were plentiful and just sour enough.MYSTERY 4TH DISH:I really wish I could tell you the name of this one, but my friend ordered it and I happily ate it. It consisted of wood ear mushrooms, shredded lotus root, and spongy gluten cubes in a sweet-ish sauce. It's not very pretty to look at, but the combination was surprisingly refreshing and made for a great appetizer.Overall, I will DEFINITELY return here when I'm craving some authentic, affordable Shanghainese food in a quiet setting. It got a little bit busier as the night went on, but still nowhere as bad as some of the more popular places in Chinatown. Service was very friendly and efficient, and our total bill came to about $15 per person including tax and tip. A great value for filing portions.
I have come to this place like...50 times now? I feel I owe this place a review. As a Chinese and a Shanghai food lover this place is superb, though there are dishes that I would not recommend, most of them are much more authentic than so-claimed-to-be Shanghai restaurant in the city. The owner/manager of this place is great, I have come here often enough that he recognizes me and gives me some nice treat each time. Waiters and waitress can use some improvement as sometimes I feel they are pushing me to order or to pay and they still don't recognize me after my frequent visit for the last two years lol(learn from your boss guys!). But in general this is an awesome restaurant that has both great food and value, definitely worth a visit!
Ordered from here today via DoorDash. I'm impressed by the quality! Most Chinese takeout ends up being extremely greasy and while good during the process of eating, not so good after a few hours. I got the steamed pork buns and the green beans. The pork buns were very fresh: the dough was fluffy and soft and the meat inside was savory and not overbearing. This is an appetizer so in total there were 4 medium-sized buns-definitely enough to get you to 50% full. The green beans were not extraordinary but they were good. I liked that they came with some pickled radishes, which added an extra layer of flavor. Definitely want to try some other stuff on the menu next time! Or maybe go in person for some dim sum, since that's what they seem to be known for.
I really do love this place, and come often.  They have great wonton soup and really good xialongbao.  But today we ordered the sesame chicken for $11.50, and $1 for a bowl of rice.We're in chinatown here.  Tea should be free, and rice should be free.  And if either of those aren't, we should be made aware of that.  If they want to charge essentially $12.50 for sesame chicken (cause who says no rice with sesame chicken), then they really need have the decor and bathroom look like a $12.50 sesame chicken place.So moral of the story, go for the appetizers, the xialongbao, the hot and sour soup, the other soups.  Skip the mains, which are way overpriced.
Fair food, the soup dumplings are nice but the pan fries dumplings are ok, not great flavor and it's over priced , it was 2.75 for 4pc but now it's almost $1 more. The spicy fish fillet is not even spicy. Dongpo pork belly is nice. Service is very strange, the waiters just kept coming to the table trying to clear our plates even we have food inside, had to keep telling them we were still eating. Even distribute the soup dumplings in our plates so they can take the plates. Funny thing is that they took a dumpling and showed us how to eat it after we told them we know how to eat it and we lived in China for years. Very strange and feel like they want us to leave asapOverall I would rate it 3 stars for the food as a Chinese who lived in China for 31 years. And for service I felt super rushed
I'm a fan of Shanghai food and when I heard of this relatively new place from my colleague , I had to come to try it out. With all new restaurants, it's clean looking. The service is very good as well.The kau fu was one of the best I had in Chinatowns shanghainese restaurants. However, the soup dumplings are a bit lacking. The taste is a bit bland and lacking in flavor. The fried pork buns are just ok. All would have been well if  both my friend and I had didn't have diarrhea that night. Skip this place and go somewhere else.
I don't get why this place is so popular. My friends and I walked by one night on a weekend and it was packed with lots of people waiting for seats. Another weekend, my friends and I stopped in between that lunch and dinner rush to finally give this place a try. There were only a couple of tables taken. We were all starving and luckily all of the dishes came out very quickly. We got one order of the soup dumplings, stir fried thick noodles, and the stir fried rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetables. The soup dumplings were just ok, not comparable to the other Shanghainese restaurants in Chinatown. They didn't taste as fresh and were kinda dry, where was the soup in these dumplings? The stir fried thick noodles tasted more like take out than authentic Shanghainese stir fried noodles... The stir fried rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetables was oily, but pretty good; I understand that this dish is sometimes made more oily, but it did not help the dish here. I feel that the food here is somewhat influenced by American flavors. I'm glad I got to try to this place so I can write it off as an option for Shanghainese dumplings. I don't think I will be back considering how there are quite a few Shanghainese restaurants within blocks of this place.
This is my new favorite Shanghai restaurant in Chinatown. Came here for lunch based on the good Yelp reviews and it certainly didn't disappoint! Upon entering, it's a warm, old-school vibe. Smaller restaurant compared to others in the area but good enough! It definitely doesn't feel like you're on Division street. We were seated right away. Staff works very fast! Good service. The chairs are the most uncomfortable I've ever sat in but maybe they just want us to sit straight and have better posture.Pork and crab soup bun - Always one of my favorites because of that flavorful soup. It is delicious! I love how thin the wrapping is. You can tell how delicate it is because it bursts when you pick it up; not because it sticks to the paper but because it's so thin (which is what you want for soup buns). Lobster soup bun - highly recommend if you like lobster. It was so good! There were real pieces of lobster, not the imitation crap! Good soup, nice flavor. Thumbs up!Shanghai noodles with chicken, pork and vegetables - I was expecting this to be the regular stir fry with soft noodles but we think it was udon noodles. It was harder than we thought. Still good with good flavor and yummy meat but the noodle texture didn't win me over. Preserved vegetable and pork noodle soup - very good. Great for a cold day! Big bowl of soup with lots of noodles, veggies and meat. I loved the broth - wasn't salty or overwhelming, just right. Good dish.I like it! Definitely coming back when I'm craving Shanghai or those delicious soup buns.
Peter was such a fantastic host, I am very pleased to have had my very first soup dumplings at his restaurant, he even came over to my table and showed me how to properly eat the soup dumplings. The brought from the pork is just so warm and tasty, my family absolutely loved the rice dishes. 10/10 highly recommend. Thank you -Terrell Bedonie
The XLB was surprising good and other lunch entrees were definitely above average.Would have deserved 4 stars, but...The two waitresses kept scolding the inexperienced waiter in front of customers, the verbal abuse went on forever which included several personal remarks.
This is a great restaurant.  I went here several times with a large group and they were able to accommodate us even during the lunch rush.  We ordered several different dishes.  The soup dumplings were tremendous and everyone still talks about them.  The pan fried pork dumplings were also very tasty.  We ordered the General Tso's chicken, pan fried noodles with pork,  shrimp with lobster sauce, chicken with eggplant, beef with scallion and stir fried string beans.  Everything was delicious and the portions were generous!  The service was excellent - the servers made sure our water glasses and tea pots were always filled, plates were cleared and accommodated all of our requests.  Highly recommend!
We tried all three types of their soup dumplings, pork, crab & pork, and lobster & pork. All were delicious but we liked crab & pork most. As good as Joe's Shanghai's. They were out of book choy and the waitress suggested their stir fried pea sprouts, which was delicious also! Fresh sweet and juicy. Definitely recommended!
Maybe the chef was off today but everything was not so good today.  Pan fried noodles,  why is it in so much grease?  Not crunchy at all.  The pan fried bun was just sad..deflated, small and greasy.
5 stars for Best Lunch Deal in Chinatown; $5.50 gets you soup, rice and one of several featured delicious entrees. My favorite is the double cooked pork with a slightly spicy sauce, slices of tender pork and tofu, lotus root, mushrooms, carrot, and a generous amount of sauteed cabbage.  21 Shanghai is also a very clean establishment with some nice decorative accents.  Service is friendly. The location is a bit beyond the typical Mott and Mulberry destinations but the extra steps can be cut down for Citibike subscribers by way of the Citibike bike stand right across the street.
I was craving xlb and came here for dinner last night.  There was a but if a wait but once seated the service was quick and the food came out fast. I really enjoyed the xlb, noodles and veggies here. So delicious and filling plus very reasonably priced. A great cheap dinner!
This place is not only the best soup dumplings in Chinatown, they are also accommodating and great service! Never been disappointed
I loved the food and their service was GREAT! They never got mad when we kept ordering and asking for stuff. Love that. We got the soup dumplings, pan fried pork dumplings, the potatoe dish was really good too. And the pan fried noodles ! It takes reservations we had a table of 10 and it was perfect :) !
Only ate "appetizers" here, so take this with a grain of salt.Pork xiao long bao was pretty good - I'd say comparable to joe's shanghai. pork and crab- couldn't taste the crab.scallion pancakes were not very good - dense and way too oily. can't say much about the actual entrees.Don't get me wrong. The xiao long bao is good. I'd come here over Joe's Shanghai for soup dumplings because then you don't have to wait as long, but soup dumplings are just as satisfying if not better, since last time I went to Joe's I thought theirs were getting super salty.
The menu is very reasonably priced and the food is okay. The servers were quite helpful and considerate. This is a decent place to try some Shanghainess food.As for credit card acceptance, this place only accepts Visa and MasterCard.
Decent chinese food spot. The restaurant was pretty packed on a Friday night but my friend and I were able to get a table right away. All of the big round tables were packed with huge groups of both Chinese people (always a good sign) and everyone else so the place was noisy. Service was good, food arrived quickly, and price point was as expected. For some reason we didn't end up ordering dumplings so I'll have to re-report on that when the time arrives. The highlight of the meal was the HUGE bowl of chicken corn soup for $5. I must have a strange affinity for this soup but a good chicken corn is hard to find. My friend and I have already discussed coming back here just to have a second dinner of soup. Everything else was good but not great.Homestyle braised pork- really good flavor, tenderPreserved vegetable with tofu skin bean - this was a giant globby disaster. Too much cornstarch made everything stick togetherFish fillet in spicy chili sauce - mediocre frozen fish fillets
Here's the place to hit up if you want some delicious and authentic Shanghainess cuisines without a swarm of tourists! This is definitely a local spot. I usually go to Joe's Shanghai, but honestly, that place has deteriorated ever since it's become a tourist spot! The other night three of my friends and I came here for dinner, and we had the MOST MEMORABLE dinner ever! We ordered the pan fried pork buns, steamed pork and crab buns, steamed pork buns, stir fried rice cakes with shredded pork and preserved veggies, and sweet and pork short ribs. They were all cooked very well and left a memorable taste! The pan fried pork buns were fluffy and doughy with a light crisp on the bottom while preserving the juicy and luscious pork meat in the inside, so when we bit into the bun, we were able to experience a blast of flavors and textures mingling in our mouths, We only ordered the steamed pork and crab buns, but we were given the pork buns by accident. We all had one bun (total of four buns) but immediately realized that there was no crab flavors. We were debating if we should complain because we wanted the pork and crab one, but at the same time, the pork was ABSOLUTELY delicious. In fact, after a first bun, we all wanted to take another one! We held back and told the server (who happened to be one of the co-owners) that we got the wrong order. Causally, he told us that we can keep the pork buns for FREE! And whoa, we all had a moment! This was very different from most chinese restaurants in Chinatown, because Chinese restaurants are known to have bad customer service, and this attitude totally made it STAND OUT from all the others! Not only were all the food cooked very well with lasting memories but also the service was incredible! This is now my NEW favorite spot, so you should check it out too! BTW, this restaurant is considerably NEW, but it already has its name out there! There must definitely be something different about this spot. Come find out what it is!
This was a bit off the beaten path in Chinatown, but it was the best xiao long bao I've had in NYC.  My mother is Shanghainese, and this is the only place I would take her to get the authentic taste of home.
This place is great!! We walked in as Yelp recommended.. We weren't hungry so we just want to try something light... We ordered the Steamed pork dumpling (or soup dumpling)... and it was delicious... i only wished that i did 2 order instead of 1... this is just amazing... we sat at the back so i watched the lady making these dumpling by hand one by one and put in the steamer... and man that was good... probably way better then you know what the other popular place out in chinatown... We also got 2 different kind of noodles but we couldn't finish them because we were really full... service was good, and i know i will be back again in the near future...
Updated review! Met up with a friend for lunch and as always, it was fantastic. Ordered the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, pan fried pork buns, pork and cabbage rice cakes, and the basil eggplant.Pros: Great service, we were there for almost over two hours and weren't rushed at all. The waiter gave us plenty of time to look over the menu and was very attentive. Tea was refilled several times just as we were about to run out.-Food came out very quickly and we also had a complimentary bowl of egg drop soup-Soup dumplings were delightful. Two of them broke as we were eating, but that's the risk I'll take for thin dumpling skins -Rice cakes were chewy and smooth! Great texture.-There's a lunch special menu with dishes for $5.95, which is a total steal. Cons: Friend disliked the egg drop soup. It was a little to "slimy" or heavy on the cornstarch for his tastes. I didn't mind (and it's free, so whatever)-Sauce for the scallion pancake wasn't as sweet as before
Peter is the man. I came here for a work outing and it was great!!!! They were accommodating and gave us course after course of delicious food. Highly recommend
We came here for dinner, and I must say, it was a very nice and pleasant experience. I was expecting it to be noisy inside the restaurant due to the very active street outside, but it was actually quite the opposite. It's nice to be able to enjoy a meal in such a way. Anyway, on to the food!We ordered the pork XLB (xiao long bao), beef pan fried noodles, and fish filet with pepper. The XLB were delicious, the broth was rich and flavorful. The beef pan fried noodles were good as well, however, it was too saucy for our preference. We like the noodles to have some crunch to it but the noodles were drenched in sauce. The bf felt that the mushroom flavor in the noodles was too overpowering. And finally, the fish filet was good in flavor. It actually came in several small filets, I had imagined it to be one large fish filet but that didn't bother us. Definitely will come back for more XLB!
This place was really good! I thought the service could have been improved a bit, but the food itself was stellar.I came here with a friend and tried the pork xiao long bao, the basil chicken (aka the three cup chicken? not sure if that's a legitimate Chinese to English translation), and the pan fried pork buns. The xiao long bao were SO good and were fatty and hot. Every time I ate a xiao long bao I got this kind of warm feeling in my belly which was great! The pan fried pork buns were super juicy as well, and the basil chicken was perfectly seasoned/marinated. This place was pretty full, but at the same time, it wasn't too busy or packed with tourists, which I really liked. I thought the service would have been better. Our waitress didn't seem super happy to be serving us, and at one point, I think she told us that we were eating slowly (but we weren't positive this is what she said; she said this quickly in Mandarin). In any case, the food was much much better than the actual service.I would definitely recommend coming here over the super famous places that have long waits, if you're ever in the mood for Shanghainese!
I absolutely LOVE the service... they are the most friendliest people ever.... The food is also really GOOD... the Lunch specials are amazing and the price is unbeatable. The Scallion Pancakes OMG they are like heaven and the egg drop soup YUMMMM... I recommend you dine in with friends or family they really cater to you! I always tip well because the service is soooo outstanding all the time.
Best soup dumplings, crispy beef, and chicken and broccoli in the city. Never a wait for seating. Excellent service. Great price for wine... can't go wrong with this place. A lot better than Joe's Shanghai in my opinion!
Ended up here by accident after a very poorly planned Valentine's Day on my behalf. After the restaurant I planned for us to go to in Chinatown was closed, and as this was our first time at NYC Chinatown at night, we spent 30 minutes wandering around in the 5 degree weather looking for a replacement.21 Shanghai was perfect. It certainly doesn't hurt that they by default greet you with a steaming pot of tea, particularly when your hands went numb 15 minutes back.The waiter then insisted we each order a beer we couldn't quite catch the name of but it turned out to just be Tsing Tao- a good beer that also tastes exactly like Heineken. The thick noodle stir fry is an absolute must try. Came with beef and shrimp mixed in. Couldn't stop eating. The soup dumplings were good, but not the best I've had- though I am by no means an expert there.We ordered just those two dishes plus a general tso's- my boyfriend's standby- and couldn't even finish.
I went to try their Crab Soup Dumplings and Scallion Pancakes and they're are amazing!The soup dumplings' skins are very thin - highly recommended
This place was shockingly good. Started with the soup dumplings- go for the classic pork and you won't be disappointed. Noodle dish was bad ass, twice cooked pork had great flavor, fillet of fish with schezwan was a crazy big portion and delish, garlic eggplant was rocking. It's a tad pricier than other holes in the wall, but service was prompt and courteous and the food was uniformly solid. Great stuff.
My GF and I travelled over 2 hours from Jersey solely for the Shanghai soup dumplings, and they did not dissapoint! After doing some research about the best Xiaolongbao in NYC, we decided on 21 Shanghai. There was no wait when we got there at 3:30 pm (which was GREAT!), and we immediately ordered our Xiaolongbao along with hot & sour soup. The dumplings were so delicious, and the soup was hands down the best hot & sour I've ever had. I cannot recommend this place enough, and it is so affordable!
My initial visit at 21 Shanghai House was a couple of weeks following their grand opening.  My first impression was:  small space, decent food, but slow and occasionally rude service.  I thought it seemed rather unfair to review them so soon (how nice of me!), so I am writing this review upon my 2nd visit, a year or so after their opening.I am glad that I waited to write this because they surely redeemed themselves by acknowledging and correcting areas that needed improvement (with the exception of one, which I'll get to in a second).  I went with my entire family for dinner on a Saturday and ordered practically the whole menu.  Every dish we ordered was pretty flavorful, especially the soup dumplings (both pork and crab), rice cakes, fried fish, scallion pancakes, steamed chicken, etc.It was a large group of us, with kids, so we had a lot of requests, but the wait staff was quick in meeting them.  The owner of the restaurant, whom I believe is the man always sitting behind the counter, and a male waiter (tall, friendly face and demeanor) provided professional and praiseworthy service.  On the contrary, this female waitress (who I recall being extremely rude during our first visit) was still rude and needs to crack a smile!  Seriously, woman, just slightly move the ends of your lip upward and voila - you have a smile!!  It's not that difficult.I must say that the restaurant is on the small side, but they utilized the space as much as possible and customers still wait in line for a table... on a cold winter day!  That tells you a lot ... for a restaurant in Chinatown, on Division Street!  Other than the rude waitress, they've got a lot going on for them and I hope they stick around!
It was the last day of Lunar New Year celebrations in the city and I was craving soup dumplings so I decided to try out 21 Shanghai based on the previous reviews and I was not disappointed. I love soup dumplings so that was definitely part if my order. There were 8 decent sized dumplings wih the order and the soup/broth housed inside the dumpling complimented the ample amount of pork. Good flavour. The waiter/manager was very kind enough to show my friend how to remove them from the steamer without breaking them apart. My friend and I also had the pan fried pork dumplings and the pan fried pork buns which both had a good sear to the bottom. Though the dumplings had a bit juicier flavour to it than the pork buns. And as a final treat we had the sesame rice balls. It was the 1st time I had them and all I could say was I loved the warm sweet "broth" they soaked in. The balls themselves had this gooey sesame bean paste inside and were a bit chewy but still delicious. I will definitely come back to try more dishes as the couple next to us got some amazing looking fish.
21 Shanghai House located on 21 Division Street in Chinatown is a welcome addition to Division Street which features Fujian, Buffet-style Chinese, a Hong Kong Station noodle joint, Cantonese dining, and Cantonese dim sum all on a single block. As far back as I can remember, there has never been a Shanghainese restaurant on this block, which makes it a welcome addition. The best way to get here is to take the F train to East Broadway.I am basing my review on two visits, one on a sit down visit and another as a Seamless pick up visit. The sit down visit was during a lunch visit on a weekend. We ordered both the crab and regular pork dumplings ($6.95 and $5.95) and a pork rice cakes. If you are a fan of soup dumplings as I am, I have some basic criteria for good soup dumplings. I found that the ones served here had these characteristics:1. Delicate, thin, fragile, but not chewy skins. Some broke with even the gentleness of handling2. Soup that is not that "sweet". Perhaps they didn't use much MSG? Not too much pork aroma either.3. Meat that was a bit more crumbly, not a solid meatball.4. Crab that wasn't that "sweet".I know that everyone has their own opinions about what makes a good soup dumpling (a.k.a. xiao long bao), but for some reason, these didn't do much for me. However, you should still try them for reference.As for the pork and vegetable rice cakes, they were absolutely delicious. The best thing about this oval shaped rice pasta dish is that the rice cakes were not hard but were on the softer side. They were easy to chew and contain a delicious subtle stir-fried gravy. There was plenty of pork, shitake mushrooms and veggies. In fact, we had a generous portion for only $6.50! I almost forgot to mention that the waiters suggested an order of fried pork buns. We ordered it to go and they were delicious! Even better than the soup dumplings.As for my Seamless order, I ordered the same rice cakes and it tasted as good in a take-out container as they did in the restaurant. In the same order, I added a General Tso's chicken. It was absolutely delicious, made with dark thigh meat along with a thin delicate crust, not the thick and gooey crusts you get at greasy Chinese takeout joints around the city. Finally, I order the Stir-Fried Thick Noodle for $6.75. This came with some shredded pork and yes although the noodles were thick and starchy, they were not overdone and pasty. As for takeout, the portions are definitely worth the money. On one final note, the Seamless order was filled within 20 minutes from the time I made the order to pick up.Overall I was very happy with service, as the waiters are young, speak fluent Cantonese and English (not sure about Mandarin, but probably yes). They were really polite and answered all my questions. On one final note from "the Cheap Guy" as I'm called, I should mention that if you look at the menu and order from anywhere other than the "House Specialty" part of the menu, you will pay under $10 for almost every item. In fact the XLB here are about $2 cheaper than Joe's Shanghai/Ginger.21 Shanghai House is definitely worth a try and I am eager to try their other menu items, which is why I give them a solid 3 stars!
Quality food and friendly staff. Yan Du Xian- Love it and it is very authentic as well. Two of us finished a super big bowl. Xiao Long Bao- good. But I think they were less flavorful than those of Joe's Shanghai. We ordered pork&crab and I didn't really taste the flavor of crab. Maybe they gave us the wrong one? But these are quality soup dumplings.Xun Yu (Shanghai Fried Fish) - love it as appetizer, yet the size is a little small. Dumplings with soup- not my favorite but good as well. Very authentic.I would love to try scallion pancake,  pan fried pork buns and rice balls in wine for my next visit. We also had lovely chat with the owner, in Shanghainese, of course.
We have been to 21 Shanghai a few times and its now my "go-to" chinese place when I want a step of from the "hole in the wall" chinese restaurants (that I also like).  XLB soup dumplings are great.  We usually get several items and share, and have always been very happy with the service and quality of the food.
Lunch special is around $6 and tastes pretty good. Soup dumplings are okay and among average quality.
Had the soup dumplings and oh my gosh, they were awesome. I've first heard of this place by searching for the best dumpling places in NYC (that are not in Flushing), and I have to say that the article was right! The service was extremely friendly and I recommend this place just for the dumplings.
Came here on my first trip to NYC and had an absolutely amazing experience. The dumplings are to die for, and I would seriously recommend the sesame chicken! Right in the heart of Chinatown, it's easy to find and you will have a great experience just wandering around! Definitely go if you have the chance!
The pork soup dumplings were perfection. We also ordered a marinated duck dish. The meat was juicy and fell right off the bone.
Party of 6, waited 20 minutes. There was an empty table. Didn't seat us, why? We were told that was a 10 seater. Waited another 5 minutes and the bald guy offers us to sit at the 10 seater, but we can only sit on the inside, if a party of 2 or 4 comes in we would have to share the table...... Who shares a table for dinner? It's not even dim sum.**Update: I just finished dinner elsewhere, passed by to pick up my car, place was still packed and yet, that very same table was still empty. Money walking out the door.
This is my new favorite Shanghai restaurant in Chinatown. The owners are all Shanghainese. The food certainly reflects that because it tasted very authentic. The soup dumplings here are not as greasy as the ones found in other restaurant. The broth is clearer and very fresh. The meat to skin ratio is perfect too! I would also recommend the three cup chicken, mapo tofu, and stir fried beef with scallion. There are endless Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown, but this one has the most homemade vibe to it. Definitely check it out!
Best traditional Chinese food I have had since I was in China. The owners were great and kept checking in on our group of 9. Perfect options for our mixed table of meat and veggie eaters. SO INEXPENSIVE.
Honestly a little underwhelming. Our table ordered a combined ~6 orders of soup dumplings (crab and pork), jellyfish, scallion pancakes, spicy beef, crispy noodles, string beans, whole fish, rice cakes, eggplant. Soup dumplings (3/5). Average. Light broth, meat was a little fatty. Not much soup. Wrap was thin and many dumplings broke. Also, where my napa cabbage at? Jellyfish (1/5). Not worthwhile. Bland and soft, not crunchy at all. Scallion pancakes (2/5). Crispy, but not much different than what I would get in the frozen aisle of an Asian market. Spicy beef (4/5). Tasty and tender. Lots of sauce. Crispy noodles (4/5). Both crunchy and soft, saucy textures were there. Not exceptional, but still delicious. String beans (3.5/5). Pretty average. Not much to note. A bit oily, but seasoned well. Whole fish (3.5/5). Decent. Soft and tender. Average in the taste department. Rice cakes (4.5/5). Love these. Cooked perfectly and seasoned well. Nice and chewy with a good proportion of rice cakes to meat and vegetables. Eggplant (abstain). Not a big fan of eggplant but I had some anyway. Personally didn't think it tasted that good but may be biased here. Got pestered by the waiter about not leaving enough tip but it turns out he miscounted... Overall, average to decent Chinese place. I probably can't be convinced to come back here as there are probably better options out there in Chinatown.
Ordered from here for lunch via door dash! First, the lunch specials are such a steal. $6.50 for a rice dish with a side of egg drop soup! I work in FiDi, where lunch options are pretty average to mediocre, so I am so glad that I found a tasty and cheap option. Vegetarians, order the mapo tofu. Though this didn't taste like the traditional mapo tofu, I was impressed with the sweeter spicy taste. It was a pleasant surprise for my taste buds. Also, the quality of the food is fantastic, not greasy like most Chinese take-outs.
This may be my new fav soup dumpling spot! Cheap, clean, and yummy! Good service too. The thick noodles with pork are amazing! I have no idea what the actual name is. I showed a yelp photo to the server. :)
While logistically a nightmare when you go in strong with 16 people the upside is that you pretty much try a bit of almost everything on the menu.  (Full disclosure: we had one adventurous eater with us that begged for the sea cucumber and shredded eel but no one else was THAT hungry to share those plates.)  It might not be much to look out (from the outside or the inside) but this place is no joke.  You get used to your local fave take-out spot where the wonton and the fried rice are always the same and when you venture out and try a new place and some new dishes... you find yourself gluttonous cause there's all sorts of flavors and delights to be found.From dim sum (freshly made in front of you) to noodles to Szechuan beef to the various pork, chicken and shrimp dishes... I didn't witness a weak link. Verdict: this place is killer.  Very cool and friendly staff to boot.(I just Googled what a sea cucumber looks like and I'm pretty sure I made the right decision NOT to give it a whirl.)
Stopped here after a very early morning of white water rafting. We had stopped here for a early dinner.Service was fast and prompt or maybe to fast. It felt like we were being rushed out the door. One of the waiters were standing right behind us as we were eating.The XLB were very good. The scallion pancake and chicken was decent.
I enjoy coming here, it might be a little out of the way compared to the main part of Chinatown, but it's still easy enough to walk to. It's a smaller space with a cozier feeling but the food is good and the owner and waiter(s) have been friendly.I usually order the stir-fried green beans, one of my favorites, or one of the soups.I often see the kitchen staff having a meal of stir-fried vegetables and meat with rice. It's a good sign if they eat their own food! :)There's very few restaurants that I like enough to go back to, but this is one I like for simple, tasty Chinese dishes.
Great food and for 4 people we each had a lunch special, and soup dumplings and only paid $36(with tip). Food is really good and good quick service
I went here on a quiet Tuesday evening. My date and I had soup dumplings, scallion pancakes , and beef chow fun. The soup dumplings were underwhelming; they were not tender enough and the dough was thick. Also, they didn't have enough soup. Go figure. The scallion pancakes left a lot to be desired. They were greasy and under-cooked. The chow fun was the best of the 3, but it's worth getting if you're ordering take-out.
Came in here with two kids on a hot Saturday afternoon. The hostess and wait staff were very attentive to our needs and assisted with the menu. Ordered two noodle dishes and two meat plates, as well as an order of dumplings, their specialty. Food was plentiful and very tasty. And it was all reasonably priced.
I thought this place was going to be great because of the rave reviews of the soup dumplings. I thought it was gonna be another nirvana, thin skin, great soup inside, great flavor.Dumplings had thick, like thick skin. Soup was ok, got cold really fast somehow.Would probably not come back again
In Chinatown and picked almost at random. Nothing exceptional in terms of looks but clean and pleasant.Big menu with plenty of choices from old faves to fun new stuff to try.We had the scallion pancakes (recommended), pork fried dumpling (served hot and very tasty) and eggplant in garlic sauce (again served hot from the wok and just the right amount of spicy).Here's the kicker, the price was incredible and service was good. Check it out.
The best soup dumplings in Manhattan's Chinatown for serious consumers of the dish.  That plain pork often ruptures as you pick them up, but the soup that drips into your bowl of sauce is delicious and the filling remains luscious.  The  XLB lobster mix and the crab mix fillings are a perfect balance of texture, flavor, succulence.  We've eaten XLB in every Chinatown diaspora, in Hong Kong, in Shanghai.  21 Shanghai is absolutely equal to the best we've eaten.  Re service, one over worked but efficient server, one hostess, thus they do want to know almost immediately how much you will order so they can warn the prep-chef what to expect.  XLB's cannot be pre-made or cooked; certainly not for take-out.  We start with two orders, then as the second order arrives, we order the next, then the next.  Call ahead if you want to be sure to secure a table.  In our experience, it's never been crowded but it's always full.  PS we always order a side dish veg but only to acknowledge the need for the golden mean, to disguise gluttony, bad table manners.
I am a Chinese grew up in Shanghai and I had dinner at 21 Shanghai House around 12.15.IT'S AMAZING!!! As a Shanghaiese, I can responsibly say that the food is very authentic and  wonderful.If you are a foreigner, you can ask for the shopkeeper for recommendation, telling him your preference. He is very helpful and enthusiastic. He can even teach you how to use chopsticks if you can't.This place really worth giving a shot!5 STARS!!!
Great food, great service! I came here for a team lunch with colleagues. I had stopped by the previous day to check out the menu and the owners was very helpful. When we came in the next day for lunch, we were seated immediately and they brought on menus and teas quickly. We order the same food for each table and it was totally seamless. Portion was good and price was fantastic. I grew up with Shanghaiese in my family and the stir fried rice cake is definitely legit. Highly recommend. They also serve some adapted dishes for westerners so everybody can find something they like. We got free red bean pancakes as desserts too at the end. Will definitely come back :-)
This place is great. Ordered sesame chicken. It came ridiculously fast. Large portion. Good food. Complementary tea. The staff were all very friendly. Possibly trying to rush me out, but not in an aggressive manner. Plenty of tables. Nice atmosphere.
I returned with my family for dinner, some of us wanted to try their dishes.  They told us the good was not that good at the Grand opening.  I guess they have improved.The restaurant was about 90% full when we walked in and got a round table for the 6 of us.We knew exactly what we wanted:  the smoked fish (cold dish on their chef's special page), the crab meat steamed dumplings, stir fry rice cakes with pickled cabbages, fried whole fish with pine nuts sweet and sour sauce, crystal glaze shrimps, stewed pork knuckle, vegetables of the day, soup with salty pork belly, young bamboo shoot and knotted dried tofu.Because we were dining with a Senior therefore we requested light on salt and oil.The food came out in reasonable orderly fashion: cold dish, dumplings, shrimps, vegetables, soup, pork and whole fish.  The service was attentive, the waiter changed our plates after the dumplings and smoked fish, unlike the other Chinese restaurants in the same neighborhood (example the Congee Village on Allen Street) which they did not change the plates until we almost finished the banquet.All the flavors and quality of most of our dishes were as expected to the authentic Shanghai cuisine: heavy in flavor but not stick to the throw, looked greasy but actually not stuck with tons of oil, heavy sweet and savory as the flavor of Shanghai food should be.Only we thought the fried whole fish was skinny in the meat, almost just skin and batter, what happened to the rest of the meat?  The soup was over salty in the stock, since the soup could get the flavor from the marinated pork, the soup base should be lighter.Other than that, we liked the rice cakes were in thin sliced and very flavorful.  The pork knuckle was the star, it was tender as melted in the mouth as the canned meat, the sauce was sweet and savory.The place was clean, and I like their service.Coming from San Francisco Bay Area, there aren't many choices of restaurants serve authentic Shanghai food.  When I come across one, I know whether or not the food taste right because I grew up eating  Shanghai food.I would definitely go back again if I am craving for Shanghai food when I returned to New York.
After spending some time Yelping for a new Shanghainese restaurant to try, I finally decided on 21 Shanghai House as it came highly rated.  Overall I found the food to be solid but nothing amazing. I was able to try their pork and crab soup dumplings ($6.95), Shanghai noodles ($10.25), and the Wu Xui ribs ($18.50). The soup dumplings were pretty good but far from memorable. In my opinion the dumpling skin was a bit too thick however the broth was clean and flavorful. For me, the Shanghai noodles were the highlight of the meal and they provided that great smokey flavor only cooking in a extremely hot wok could provide. The ribs I found to be somewhat overpriced. While they were extremely tender, I found them over drenched in sauce, masking the pork flavor. The service was a mixed bag as some servers were very nice while others seemed grumpy and overworked.  Overall this place is A-OK, but I would recommend some of my other go to Shanghainese restaurants such as Shanghai Asian Manor, Shanghai Heping, and Shanghai Cafe.
Shanghai House is medicore at best.Wobbly tables and chairs. Service is always reminding you that you need to wait. (For example, if you order pan friend buns, they will remind you multiple times that it takes 10-15 minutes. Alright already, we know!) These buns were just okay. Sort of bland.Nothing was amazing and as normal chinese food goes, everything was a oily. Soup dumplings were alright.
This was a great surprise find! Best soup dumplings! Amazingly we recognized some of the staff who used to work at another restaurant in the area! That one (I won't name names) went down hill about a year ago when the management changed. So we were looking for another place. Maybe the chef moved to this place too, because the food was excellent. We had to order a third order of soup dumplings after finishing our dinner (sesame chicken, sesame balls, sauteed baby greens and two other orders of soup dumplings) because we couldn't get enough!
The name of the place, 21 Shanghai House, does not make any sense. The name of the place is 小南國 and that is how the customers know the place. It's a Shanghainese  food place openned by gentleman who is actually from Xinyang. For New York Chinatown, they do a pretty good job with Shanhainese food. When I was here, the other tables were largely traveling higher end tourist from China and a few locals. Looking at the menu, it looks like the proprietor tried to combine actual food from China with what locals in New York would expect. If I were in Hong Kong or China this would be a 3 Star place. but because I'm in New York this is probably a 4 and a half star place because they really try.
This was a great place to eat.  It was mines and my brother first time and glad we choosed this place than the others. This restaurant has a great atmosphere but on one note if it's just two people only order two meals. Don't  be like us got an appetizer and two main dishes it was a lot of food.But we'll worth the money.  I would come back to this place.
MASSIVE portions, but the waiter denied us ever ordering one of our dishes, it was cheap though, so can't complain too much. Also there's a required tip of 15% (doesn't say it on the receipt), we tipped just under that despite them messing up our order and the waiter shouted at us and got a calculator out until we tipped them enough.Scallion pancakes and soup dumplings were delish.
Based on Yelp reviews, I bypassed my standby places and took 28 teachers and high school students from Shanghai here for lunch. I am so glad I did. High school students from anywhere are tough food critics and they gave 21 Shanghai House a thumbs up. I as well thought the food, service and ambience were all very good. Thank you 21 Shanghai House for making my choice for lunch the right one!
Great food and no wait. You know a place is good when it's mostly old Asian people inside. We came here for lunch on a Saturday and got the xiao long bao, bok choy and scallion pancake. Enough food for two people for under $25.Highly recommended.
Well this place is just fantastic! Those soup dumplings ( 小龙包) absolutely ran my show with how delicious they were. To the less experienced, like the pretty little lady I was with (picture below), eating soup dumplings can be a disaster lurking behind each and every SLURPP. Luckily, the waiter actually came over and explained the science on how to eat these little guys. Option 1 for eating: Make a little hole on the dumpling's side with your chopsticks and let the juice run out onto the spoon before drinking it.Option 2 for eating: Bite off the knot. At this point, you may fracture the dumpling or push some juice out. (More dangerous of the Next we would tackle dinner. We ordered 2 dishes... Of course, the recommended chicken and broccoli (which was "ON POINT" I might say) paired with the shanghai fried noodles... We straight destroyed both plates of food and were very satisfied100% will be back next time! Cheers
Maybe the best soup dumplings I've ever had. The soup pork bun is amazing.Service was what you would expect in Chinatown.Pricing is fine and also what you'd expect.
if I lived in this city I would have a real 21 Shanghai House problem. I am talking a can't-pay-my-rent, gain-100-pounds (which I imagine would be a lot of soup dumplings), make-excuses-to-my-family-about-where-I've-been, problem. - we had the: pork/crab soup dumplings and the general tso's chicken. Because we are American -
My friend and I must have ordered the wrong items because the food was really pretty bad.   If you can't make won ton soup, fried rice, or a simple noodle dish we think you are in the wrong business
Came here today for lunch and ordered a crab xiaolongbao and dongpo pork.The xiaolongbao tasted average. Neither the meat nor the soup had the richness you would expect from good xiaolongbao. The crab filling was also bland and didn't have a distinctive taste. The wrapping was a little too prone to breakage.The dongpo pork tasted pretty good, nice and oily to go with the rice (which I think is probably glutinous). And glutinous rice + fatty pork = yummy zongzi-like taste. Probably not the most authentic, but I've checked and there don't seem to be Hangzhounese restaurants anywhere in NYC, so it's good for what it is.
While the food was good and reasonably priced here, I had an extremely strange experience. Multiple staff members of the restaurant, acting independently, asked me if I was Chinese. For me, the answer to this question is very complicated, as I'm sure it is for many other people who are ethnically Chinese but culturally identify with various other places. There's an additional strike against me because I don't speak any Chinese dialect well enough to advertise my skill to anyone. Thus, for me, the question "are you Chinese" is extremely loaded.You would think that this is a common problem for me, but really it isn't. At most Chinese places, basically people try to speak to me in Chinese, I look a bit stupid, and they give up and revert to English. (Or if i do know the correct vocabulary, I use it while ordering.) This is a situation I'm fine with.. But to ask me point blank if I am Chinese, multiple times, really makes me sort of uncomfortable.If this is part of the restaurant's hospitality program, I think it would be more polite to ask if a patron /speaks/ Chinese, rather than /is/ Chinese. Because the obvious thought is, what difference should it make?
I met up with old friends at 21 Shanghai House for Chinese New Year.  The authentic Chinese food and staff were awesome.  It was packed and we played music chairs at some point, but it was well worth it. All of our food was good.  The staff is helpful if you have questions.
Fabulous soup dumplings with pork and some mind blowing pork ribs! It was a bit chewy but not too much to complain about. Service was ok... as they were busy but the pricing was very  cheap as well so more plus points than negatives. The soup dumplings were made with a great technique . The wonton wrappings were thin not thick or gloopy like some other places . Ill definitely be back !
Authentic Shanghai staple dishes. Services needs a bit more training.Notable creations:Hot n Sour ribsKaoFu
My favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Chinatown so far.  Food is authentic Shanghainese and service is great.  Their pork rice cake is also my favorite from here.
Outstanding food.  Our waiter recommended quite a few awesome dishes.  Portions were good. Taste was excellent. Recommend the garlic egg plant, walnut shrimp, scallion cake (or something like that) with sauce, and steamed dumplings.
Amazing food ! Had the Soup Dumplings and the Wu Xi Ribs. Both very very good ! The soup dumplings were the best I've ever had, and for the ribs they were so tender and fell right off of the bone. Will be coming back. My experience was excellent and the staff is nice as well.
The food was on point. Super delicious, No thrills traditional Chinese spot. Our waiter was also smiling and seemed super happy I really liked him, great customer service. We had the soup dumplings and the walnut shrimp, loved both dishes!
This place it's nice and clean.my husband and I went there for lunch we had the lunch special $5.50 it's was delicious and very generous with tea and soup included My husband had the Orange chicken with white rice and I had shrimp with lobster sauce with white rice everything was delicious !!! I highly  recommended this place staff is very professional and friendly
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I always come to 21 Shanghai when i'm craving Chinese food, but my experience when I took my family on Thanksgiving Day prompted this review. On a holiday when most people are underwhelmed to be at work, the staff at 21 Shanghai took the BEST care of us. So friendly, so attentive, and even provided great recommendations for the table. My father who isn't a fan of Chinese food couldn't stop talking about how much he LOVED it. They have an amazing selection of both meat and vegetarian options. I wouldn't take your friends or family anywhere else - 21 Shanghai is the best!!
Visited during a lil trip and staff was super helpful in ordering and very friendly. They recommended dumpling soup and it was amazing!!! Everything we ate was very good and pricing was good as well.
Came here for lunch with some friends and one of their families. Pros:- Friendliest owner! - The scallion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, basil eggplant, and pan fried noodles tasted amazing - Six dishes for around $50 - price is unbeatable for some pretty authentic food! - There is a window where you can see a person make the soup dumplingsCons:- One stall bathrooms - there is a separate one for men and women - Small place
21 Shanghai House. I love this place! I walked by on accident while actually heading to another restaurant in Chinatown. Just seeing the exterior, I could tell this place was a unknown treasure. I immediately typed it in on Yelp and saw the great reviews and decided to give this place a try instead. Service was prompt and friendly. I have been here twice now and each time was a great experience. They have a great variety to choose from and each time I have ordered something it has been pretty good Chinese food. I definitely will keep coming back here. I really recommend the chicken and corn soup. The way these guys make it is suuuuper good. It's perfect if you are sick or on a rainy day!!! Another thing I love about this place is it has really cheap prices. The decor is pretty funny, there's two apples painted on the wall with their reflection on water (???) don't understand why that is there but its kind of hilarious.I defintley will be back! 4 stars instead of 5 because its not the BEST Chinese food i've had in New York, but it comes pretty close.
Very flavorful food but the quality of the chicken was questionable. We ordered the general tso's and there were many pieces that were a weird brown color inside or fatty. The fried rice was very good however.
Their soup dumplings are amazing here. The dough skin on those dumplings are thin and is as close to authentic as you can get in Chinatown. There's an abundance of soup inside the dumplings and gives it so much flavor than other places that have semi dry meat fillings. The biggest negative aspect of this place is the fact that they use steaming paper in the steam container instead of using cabbage. This makes it hard to remove the soup dumpling without breaking the dough as it cools off. Otherwise the flavors are spot on. Definitely a spot to return for more soup dumplings.
Maybe the waitress was having a bad day and maybe I just don't like traditional Chinese food; however, my experience was one of terribly disgusting food and a very rude waitress. Will never come back again or personally recommend.
Came here for lunch, we ordered the following:1.  XLB - tasty but I've had better2.  Pan fried pork buns - way too oily, taste was nothing spectacular3.  Scallion pan cakes - this was just ok4.  Shanghai noodles - this was tasty but was a bit too salty for my taste, however, this was the best dish out of the 4 we ordered.
discovered on yelp with such high reviews so stopped in for sunday lunch at 12:30 or so. a few empty tables left so we made it just on time as it got packed after 15mins. overall the meal was decent, not bad but not good. we ordered sesame rice balls in soup - decent but i've had better. shredded pork and veg noodle soup - very plain and bland. expected a bit more flavor. crab and pork xiao lung bao which was lacking crab flavor and a disappointment. scallion pancakes were nicely fried and the sauce was great with it, but barely any scallions. and wine chicken was interesting - i've had better but it wasn't bad, just a different type of rice wine is used than the usual.
Four stars for the service!  They guided us through the menu and even showed my dining companion two ways to properly eat soup dumplings.  I got a fairly basic chow fun.  My companion got a crispy noodle dish.  I think we would both try something different next time.  The rib nuggets at the next table looked delish!The décor is minimal but what do you want for these prices?  This is the Chinatown experience you are looking for.
Me and my friends went here yesterday for lunch. Unfortunately, they did not offer the Lunch Special (Most likely because it was Veteran's Day; Rest in Peace, my wallet. Just kidding, ofc. ) Anyways, we ordered two plates of General Tso's Chicken (I ordered mine with White Rice), three Scallion Pancakes and Soup Dumplings. The Soup Dumplings were very delicious, and also very hot. The General Tso's Chicken was nothing to shout about (I have had this dish many times), but it was still quite delicious, and was great when paired with the white rice. The star of the show, though, was the Scallion Pancakes. The Scallion Pancakes were pretty good on their own, but when dipped in the special homemade sauce, it was just out of this world. So delicious. I would come back here again just for the Scallion Pancakes. The staff were also nice, although they were a bit insistent on the tip. I didn't mind though, as me and my friends were quite satisfied with our meal. I would definitely come back here again for the 5.95 lunch special, and of course, their spectacular Scallion Pancakes.
We only decided to dine here based on the 4.5 stars on yelp and perhaps we came on an off-night, but suffice it to say, they were pretty off.Service wasn't bad, the only complaint is they didnt speak english or cantonese well enough to take my order (so much confusion), and they left off my order of orange beef when I was totally looking forward to orange beef all day.The food itself was mediocre. While it wasnt horrible, there are plenty of other options in the area that serve better food. The skin on the XLB were not as thin as I'd hoped.
Oh wow!!! New shanghainese restaurant in Chinatown!! Came here with the recommendation of my brother and friends. The soup dumplings are amazing! Probably one of the best I've tried in America! Good service and reasonably priced. I also ordered the red bean pancake which is off the menu and it's really good! Crispy and not too sweet.
Food was great. We would go back. Place seemed clean compared to others we passed by. Service and others super friendly. We had Pork dumplings, double cooked pork, kung pao chicken, general Tso's chicken (nothing g to rave about).
everything very good but the soup dumplings are truly fantastic!!!Highly Recomended
Been here a few times since opening and i like this small cozy resturant so here i am after just having dinner with a few friends.  Tonight we ordered the steamed pork bun, crunch whole fish w. Scallion, crystal baby shrimp, four fresh kao fu, marinated duck w. Sweet sauce and boiled steam chicken. Everything was good as usual. Some better than the others but no complaint here. unlike some of the other reviews, i find the service to be pretty impressive. Maybe i got lucky but their attentive service is definitely one of reason why i keep returning :)Some of my favorite dish are: sweet & sour pork ribs, scallion pancake, shepherd's purse silk meat with fried rice cake, four fresh kao fu, and crystal baby shrimp. Cons: the restroom. Im a big restroom person and im not impressed by their's. Small, not the cleanest but durable (if it make sense, lol)Transportation. Not close to the train (not far, but not close). Good thing is the M15 and M103 is just around the corner ^^
Food is OK but nothing special. The staff was very rude and after asking for the bill the waiter wouldn't let us make the payment peacefully but rather stand there and aggressively grab the tray with the money before we even finished and on top of it asked for 30% tip.
Absolutely my favorite Shanghainese restaurant in NYC. Kao Fu is AMAZING here! Filet fish with mustard green is another one of my favorite. Servers here are also super friendly. Love it
We decided to come here with a friend who was visiting from out of town for dinner this past Friday. We showed up a little after 8 PM, which seemed to be peak time for the restaurant - it was emptier by the time we left, though by no means deserted. In terms of look and feel, it's not really distinguishable from any other Chinese restaurant you'd be in, and the spacing is pretty much the same as well. Service was quick as well, and our waiter (at least according to my wife who was speaking with him in Chinese) apparently steered us towards dishes that he thought would be better - a nice gesture.We started out with a couple orders of soup dumplings, and while the skin is pretty good here - thin but not too thin so the skin would break when picked up. The broth wasn't scalding hot, which was nice, but the broth was a tad on the sweeter side as well...I prefer soup dumplings that are a bit more savory / salty, so I wouldn't rank these as the best I have had. However, they do hold together well, and they are also just the right size too. We then got to our mains, which were somewhat less exciting. The kao fu was pretty solid and well-prepared, although it was almost a bit too cold, IMO - it would have been nicer if it was closer to room temperature. The sauteed spinach (our waiter told us to eat our greens!) were okay - nothing remarkable, and not really even a hint of garlic, ginger, or other flavorings you would typically find in this kind of veggie dish. The Shanghai chicken was disappointing - very plain flavor on its own which the dipping sauce couldn't fully make up for. It also seemed like there wasn't much meat on the bones, for whatever reason. Lastly was the sweet and sour pork ribs - good, lightly sweet flavoring, but the sauce was layered on a bit too thick, and there were too many pieces that didn't have any meat...just bones and inedible fat.Overall - some good dishes and some that I could have passed on. I would not mind coming back again, but with several other choices in Chinatown to explore, this would fall behind trying places I have not been to yet.
Very disappointed with both the food and the service.We were a part of three who literally stood by the door for a good 5 minutes before someone came over to seat us. The restaurant was not busy at all, 3 tables were occupied.While all the tables had tea and everything, the waiter did not even ask if we wanted tea when he handed us menus.The tea cup that was on my plate was dirty.We ordered seafood noodle soup, house special beef noodle soup and soup dumplings.The seafood noodle soup was cheap- only some small shrimps and an artificial crab stick.The beef noodle soup was loaded with sodium.The soul dumplings were all popped, even without our touch- I don't understand that, because the skin was thicker than normal (and did not taste good).
Went there for late lunch with my folks today and we enjoyed everything! The food! The service! Everything! Will definitely going back here in the near future!
Very yummy food. Was craving soup dumplings and was not disappointed! Waited about five minutes for a table on a Friday night, service was relatively quick. The dumplings took longer to come out than the rest of the food (kao fu, General Tso's chicken) but that is to be expected anyway. As you can tell from the picture, I was very excited to eat! Nice place, would go back.
We tried a variety of dishes. The soup dumplings were ok, nothing special. The bamboo sprouts with shredded pork ($12.52) was so good I ordered more to take home. Recommend asking for non-spicy bamboo, the regular version is a bit too spicy. At the end of the meal you get a free dessert, fried red bean pancakes which were delicious. They don't have a dessert menu. The portions are large and the prices are very good, came out to $11 per person for lunch, including tip. The staff is accommodating and attentive, would recommend. Also recommend bringing a native Chinese speaker to translate/help order the food.
We found this place on Yelp while in the area of Chinatown. Everything we ordered was delicious and really fresh. Our waiter Sean was very personable and recommended some dishes that were excellent. I would definitely go back again.
Excellent Chinese food for very reasonable prices. We had the pork soup dumplings, which were delectable! The broth was just so rich and flavorful. We also had a few other dishes that were also good. I can't recall the names of the other dishes....but all tasty! The service was friendly and efficient as well. I'll be back!
I think the food here tastes good because they may use a better quality oil than most restaurants in Chinatown. It makes a difference.
Very good, excellent food and well prepared.Recommended.The dim sum and dumplings are perfect. The black beens desert also very goodVery fair low prices, we spent 20$ for two at launch.
3.5 stars To be honest, I was a bit disappointed by my experience given all the rave reviews. The prices here are not cheap for Chinatown - my friend and I spent over $25 per person for dinner. On the other hand, I do like them better than Shanghai Cafe and Shanghai Asian Cuisine, and they offer some of the hard to find Shanghai dishes like loofah and yang Zhou bean curd that their competitors don't have. I feel like they have one of the more authentic Shanghainese menus in Chinatown. Too bad they don't always execute on those dishes.Pork XLB - 3.5 stars. My dining companion loved these, I found them so so.Crab XLB - 3.75 stars. I personally liked these better than the pork, although my friend disagreed.My issue with the XLB though was that the skins kept breaking when we tried to pick them up from the paper. I liked that the skins were thinner than the versions offered at Joe's Shanghai and most others in the area, but at the same time I didn't think the skins were as nice and delicate as the ones at The Bao. Sweet and Sour Pork - 4 stars. these were good although I found the sauce a bit too sweet (but that's just a personal preference). Too bad it's severely overpriced at $15.50 for a plate.Loofah with Gluten - 1 star. Ugh this was so disappointing. The loofah was undersalted and bland, and the gluten was measly, limp and also bland. I couldn't bring myself to eat more than a bite of this dish.Kao fu - 5 stars. The version here is very good. Comes with a diverse array of mushrooms, woody ear mushrooms, and lily flower. Definitely my favorite dish of the night.The dishes were very hit and miss, which was unfortunate given that the prices here were quite high. Would love to come back and try some of their other recommended dishes / more niche dishes.
Xio Lun boa was delicious!  The place is a bit small but once you sit down the food comes pretty quick. The gf loves xlb so she requested that we go. To sit might be a bit of a wait but it's not long. Will come again. Actually, I have.
Awesome food for the price and not intimidating for this well traveled but Midwestern father and son.  Definitely feels authentic and the other patrons would know much more about authentic then us!Brown sauce is very tasty. Broccoli was cooked to perfection. I wanted to try "genuine" Szechwaun and got it...didn't love the flavors but that's not their fault because it was fresh and well spiced.
A great lunch experience in Chinatown with no wait time. Soup dumplings were delicious, with chewy dough and flavorful broth. Really can't beat the lunch special. For only $5.50, the lunch special came with egg drop soup + entree + bowl of rice. I had the chicken and eggplant which was tasty and non-greasy. The portion was very generous, I had enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Service here was very attentive and food arrived quickly.
Fantastic!  Dumplings, rice cakes, scallion pancakes. All top notch.  One problem... They are plating the dumplings with the crispy side down on the plate... By the time the plate gets to the table (and I'm talking less than a minute) the crispy side is already a little soggy... Somebody who speaks Chinese needs to explain to them that they should plate the dumplings with the crispy side facing up... They'll be more crispy and it's a better presentation.
Sit down restaurant with food for decent prices. The scallion pancake was delicious: nice and crispy. We had two types of dumplings, soup dumplings and pan fried dumplings. Both were solid, but nothing fantastic. Service was a bit slow. There are probably better places elsewhere but this is a nice sit-down establishment.
Haven't had Shanghainese food in a  long time so this was a nice treat! The scallion pancakes were heavenly. The soup dumplings were okay but reminded me of home. Definitely get the pancakes. This is one of the better places in Chinatown I would say.
Soo amazing!!  Worth my 24 hour flight toTry all the food, and literally I ate everything off the menu
The entrees were decent, soups were good and the complimentary tea was just right. They have no concept of service though. We didn't appreciate having the guy hover above us while we were fumbling for our cash, to enforce his strict 30% tip requirement, which he obviously didn't deserve.
The food here is so good!We had the:pork and soup dumplingsShrimp fried riceBeef chow fun Scallion pancakes Everything was amazing! Fresh, hot and the service was great as well.The place was pretty full for 5:30pm. After tasting the food I surely understand why.
Make sure you speak the waiter/waitress language otherwise they will insist that the customers are in fault.
Good food and the service is pretty quick. The atmosphere isn't that great but be pan fried seafood dish and the dumplings were delicious. Big portions as well so you get a lot for your money's worth.
Love this place. The kungpao chicken lunch special is the best bang for your buck in Chinatown. And the dumplings are truly amazing
Bright, clean restaurant, with no wait on a Sunday at 12:30pm. A little out of the way. The scallion pancake was great, but the soup dumplings were only average, as were the garlic eggplant and salt and pepper pork chops. Good place to go with a group or if you have a kid (they have high chairs and the place isn't overcrowded). They also accept credit cards!
This place had a horrible smell, the food was not edible and the waitress even asked for a tip. I refused to tip her and she yelled at me . I ignored her and walked out.
Shanghai house is an all around great restaurant. I went there on a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't that crowded and I got seated immediately. I got dumping me pork and lomang noodles (sorry if I spelled that wrong. They were all great. The service there was also good. I asked for something and I would be delivered it immediately. The restaurant was great but it did get a B for health so that why it only got 4 stars.
The xiao long bao soup dumplings are solid.  Our meal was very satisfying.  I ordered the shrimp with egg and it was awesome. Noodles with shredded pork and green preserved vegetable soup was tasty and not too heavy.  Held up well days afterward for leftovers.Quick and efficient service. They cleaned up quickly after we had a slight tea spill.
I have never had dumplings, however they might be my favorite after this! I was told about this place being the best dumpling restaurant in New York City, and that it was! Thank you to the owners and Qin for the AMAZING SERVICE! The pork steamed dumplings and green beans are to die for! I will definitely be back!
Kick-arse food that is tasty and authentic. Rice cake was perfect al dente texture. Wuxi ribs to die for. Vegetarian dishes like vege duck are superb.
Our favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Chinatown!  Good food, good service, good price.
This is one of favorite spots to get authentic Shanghai food in Chinatown. I love that you can get the big-name Shanghai dishes (pork shoulders) to the ones more known in America like soup dumplings. The service is quick and sweet. I recommend everyone to check this place out, because this is better than most Shanghai restaurants.
All good until my friend noticed the waitress cleaning the tables with the green tea left in the cup from the people that were just sitting there. Excellent pork friend dumplings. Reasonable prices and friendly staff.  Would I go back, probably would my friend, "definitely not".
Yum and excellent and one of my favs in China Town. My son hunt for the best joints and thus one is top ten. Menu is full and delicious.
Our new go-to place when we're in NYC! We heard about this place when we were in a shop in Chinatown. We ate at Joe's Shanghai the day before but we were told that we MUST try Shanghai House. We yelped it and followed the directions. I am so glad we came!The owner was extremely nice and accommodating. Their xiao long baos were delicious and so were their pan fried noodles.
We went on the new years day and got a table right away.  Good thing we got there at 5pm.Wasn't expecting soup in the dumpling, should have read the reviews before going there.It was hot!  Really hot. Need to take a small bite before devouring the whole thing.  Minced noodle with meat sauce was good, but pork with rice cake was even better...couldn't stop eating it.  The duck dish was good, but took a long time to come out.  Can't wait to go back and try the other dishes.
Came here with my fiancé. We were hungry but not starving so we got one order of pork/crab soup dumplings and fried rice cakes with pork and veggies. We only ordered these two entrees because it's what we wanted but our waiter went ahead and kept pushing us to order more food saying it wasn't enough for us. Annoying. It actually ended up being the right amount of food. Next, as we're trying to pay our bill which was $14.95 the waiter says we can't use credit card because the minimum amount to pay with credit card is $15.00. We were $.05 short. Really??? So we told him to just charge the extra 5 cents and charge the credit card but he came back and just charged the original amount anyways. Food was okay here. Nothing spectacular. They barely had crab in the soup dumplings and the rice cakes were suppose to be stir fried with pork and veggies but only had like three pieces of veggies. We've had better soup dumplings and fried rice cakes elsewhere in Chinatown.
This place is the new 456!!!! The one on Mott St got taken over by new owners so they opened up here out of the tourist way.The food was awesome!! Especially the soup dumplings (which are always a must). We also ordered the Shanghai style fried noodles which were also amazing. We then asked our waiter (who used to work at 456) for some pointers and he also told us to order the Woo Shu Ribs (the only reason why I gave this a four star review, the ribs were not to my liking, but everything else was amazing!) and the scallion pancake, which was delicious. WILL TOTALLY BE BACK!!!
Came here on the whim with family from out of town. CleanFriendly Attentive service Fresh soup dumplings Fresh pork buns Prob the best mock duck I've had All around delish and I will be going back
For starters, customer service was great. Went in for a quick bite during lunch break and I was immediately greeted upon entrance and I only ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings so that will be the only item on the menu reviewed. I've eaten plenty of soup dumplings in my life, including Joes Shanghai which is down the corner. I have to say the dumpling quality is on par with joes Shanghai but the place looks cleaner, more spacious, and the service is better. The dumplings itself were juicy but the only critique is that there is not enough crab. The crab and pork soup dumpling almost taste like a regular pork soup dumpling. So next time, I will most certainly get just the pork soup dumplings!p.s. Joes Shanghai has the longest wait ever because of tourists while this place is pretty empty
Hot and sour soup tasted great .Spicy tofu awesome!fried rice and string beans fantastic!Ate here on out first night in New York staying around the corner and were starving and based on reviews and 21 looked really clean we decide on this spot!Sat really close to some  local ladies and when I say really close it we were able to share our Tofu that the mom was eyeballing but she was sweet  offering me some of there dumplings but I'm not a fan.She saw my hot and sour soup and ordered and agreed it was good!took left overs with us but I dropped them when we were walking back.Anyway very good stuff.
Had some crab and pork soup dumplings, veggie dumplings, stir fried string beans, and eggplant with basil. Good prices & everything was tasty.
Good food but not exciting. The place is quiet and clean. The waiters just do their job without being too friendly. Anyway the service is fast and positive. The food is generally cheap.
I don't give many places 4-5 stars unless it's like AMAZING.  But this place was good.  I would go back.  Clean and friendly and affordable.  We got vegetable fried rice, dumplings, scallion pancakes and sesame chicken.  Overall everything was tasty. Also egg drop soup was yummy.   I love scallion pancakes and those were my favorite.  Rice was great too.
best xiao long bao (小籠包) in new york city!
Their xiao long bao aka soup dumplings are good! But their orange chicken could be better. Fast service, affordable prices and clean restaurant. If you're looking for a quick lunch, this is the place to go :)
We had the pork soup dumplings which was amazing! Also had the pork celery and bean curd. Delish! A little hard to locate due to us not being familiar with the area and all the stores look basically the same. However as soon as we sat down we drank our tea and relaxed! The waiter was super helpful and even showed us how to eat the dumplings!
I came here to eat a late lunch after a very exhausting morning trip. The restaurant was clean and decent looking. We ordered 2 soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried pork buns, jellyfish, and drunken chicken. The soup dumplings and fired pork buns were delicious. The skin was thin and there was enough fillings inside to make it satisfying. The scallion pancakes were quite good - not too oily and thin cut. The jellyfish was a little salty from the soy sauce that they used. The drunken chicken was not in my flavor of taste. It was dipped in Chinese white wine so it has this bitter taste. I didn't like it so much.
Very good food and service. Soup dumplings recommended, scallion pancakes appetizer very tasty. Viewing window where you can watch the chefs make the dumpling.
In extremely rare occasions, you get the  l privilege everything tastes awesomeIt happened at this restaurant.
The restaurant is located on the strip of division street right across from the little buses that take you back and forth between Chinatown and Flushing. We came here and shared everything family style. We didn't have to wait to be seated around 5:30pm on a Sunday.The restaurant AND bathroom was REALLY clean and there are a couple tables that can accommodate big groups! We had 7 adults, 1 child and a stroller and we were able to fit comfortably and not have to worry about bumping into the table next to us.Service was stellar. Who seemed to be the owner came by to checkup on us frequently. Our water glasses and tea pot were filled without asking.Food-wise:Sweet and sour pork ribs - this was a standout and it was really good.Whole fish with pine nuts - at $20 for a whole fish, you can't go wrong.Eggplant dish - good!A stir fried thick noodle dish - pretty typical, but good!Corn soup - meh, it had too much corn starch and it tasted very bland. Sorry, I had to notch a star for this.
I Go here just for the xiao long bao (XLB) !!!you won't be disappointed. I think it's the BEST in chinatown right now!! their san jian bao (fried pork buns) also deserves a mention. comes in a set of 4 instead of 8 which i like.their regular entrees n noodles were just avg in my opinion.
nice place to eat~ love this place~ I love Shanghai food a lot! this restaurant is one of my favorite Shanghai restaurants~ will come back again~
Food was ok. I found this place on YELP and a friend actually recommended.  A little disappointed as the food wasn't that amazing to have 4.5 stars. The service was fine at first but when the owner/server got upset he started yelling in Chinese at his staff very loudly. He made the entire place awkward. Weird guy! Very unprofessional.
Little obscure hole in the wall Chinese restaurant. So grateful for the earlier yelp reviews, otherwise we wouldn't have found this little gem. Confession: we used to live outside of San Francisco so our memories of authentic Chinese food are pretty good. This place is probably even better. Not kidding. Perfect for all people of varying foodie skills-- they have basic standard menu items for the less brave; and very unusual adventurous items for those willing to try fish belly or sea cucumber. Even our SUPER picky kid was happy here. Want good authentic Chinese food in a safe and clean area? Come here. You won't be disappointed. (Oh, and we were the only Caucasian family here- tables filled with locals who were ordering in what I assume is Chinese- which I think is a good sign)-- and NOT A HINT OF ANY MSG! Great service as well. The matre d showed us how to eat soup dumplings (so worth it!)
This is a total hidden gem!  My wife is shanghainese and swears this is the best spot in Chinatown for soup dumplings.We have been coming to Chinatown for 20 years and have tried pretty much every place around -- the food here is consistently great, always fresh and, best of all, the owner and wait staff are actually friendly!  Versus many Chinatown joints, it is clear that the staff here really cares.  I hope this place doesn't get too popular!!  Want to keep it as our secret hangout...
Very pleased with what we ordered and the service. The staff was quite nice and the food pretty good. We got the pork ribs and the stir fry noodles. The meat was excellent but the sauce on them was lacking. I tried some general's chicken and it was great, as expected. The waiters helped us with putting the dumplings onto our soup spoons, and we're very friendly. My high school friends and I were frustratingly given one bill, but this was somewhat understandable as we shared all our food.
