Best Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. I always order delivery and it's always fast. The vegetable soup is the best in the area, super flavorful with chunks of vegetables - very filling in itself. I've only had the vegetable entrees (the ones without cheese) and have only had great experiences. The vegetable samosas are delicious. This is the only Indian spot I'll order from!
To be honest, I'm baffled by the number of 5-star reviews here. Maybe I ordered the wrong things, but my food was quite bad and I ended up throwing much of it away. There are plenty of Indian places in the area that all deliver. I've tried 4 or 5 of them now, and this one was, unfortunately, the worst. I ordered from here because of the high rating on Yelp, and the experience is really making me question my reliance on this website. Unlike some of the other low-star reviews here, the delivery (via Seamless) for me was very fast. This low rating is because of the poor quality of food only. I ordered the vegetarian meal-deal (a great price for the quantity). I got a vegetable soup, paneer pakora, malai kofta, plain naan, and a dessert. The soup was mediocre -- not terrible, just nothing worth mentioning. The paneer (ponir) pakora was much heavier than I've seen before. Most Indian places give you cubes of cheese, but these were massive (like mozzarella sticks). They were also denser and more heavily fried than I'm used to. My real problem was with the Malai Kofta. This is a a very unique dish that I almost always order when I eat Indian. It consists of Indian dumplings in a thick and rich cream sauce (usually with some nuts). It is typically among the most flavorful and filling Indian dishes. However, this dish from King of Tandoor was literally inedible. The dumplings were thick and hard and entirely without flavor. It tasted like I was biting into stale chunks of wheat gluten. The sauce (which is usually delicious) was somehow simultaneously flavorless and overwhelmingly sour/bitter. After a few small bites, I threw the dish away and literally had to eat some fruit to cleanse my palate of the bitter aftertaste. The Naan was extremely standard. Good naan can be amazing. This was just OK. It was no better than low-quality frozen naan you can find at any chain supermarket. In all honesty, the rest of the meal turned me off so I didn't bother to venture into the dessert. In short: This was a huge disappointment and, because the entree was so inedible that I had to throw it away, a waste of money. If you're in the area and craving Indian, try one of the many other places around. None are spectacular, but you'll at least eat what you pay for.
Ordered food from this place couple of times in the past every time the food came worst and worst! Till my last order I decided never to order from them again! I ordered Chana Marsala and some other stuff the food came tasting and smelling burned like they must of burned the whole pot down! I called and complained and said they will send me a new one and to give back the burned food so he can show the cook! Waited a whole hour called to see if the food was coming they said he was on his way! Delivery came I opened the food just to find out its  the same burned smelling food again!!! They must of burned the whole pot of food but still warm it up and sell it to costumers! I will never order from this restaurant again it's horrible!
My first impression - there is no one here at all at 6:30PM Friday night...hm.The place looks old and dirty. The bathroom is old and dirty. Our table wobbled.The menus were beautiful. They were hardcover pages, which was different. They had a lot of variety, but I felt some of the dishes were a little on the pricer side, especially for the area.Anyway - the food. AKA the most important part.Onion fritters - 4 BIG pieces. Lots of flavor, very good. Lamb Kurma - also very good! could have had more of an almond-y/coconut flavor, though.My boyfriend got a curry dish, which he liked very much. The lamb was tender for the most part.The naan was fine.I also had 1 glass of house wine. In the indian restaurants I go to in Brooklyn, wine is usually $4-6 a glass. I was surprised to see it was $7.25 here. It was pretty good wine, though.The bill came out to around $50. Not what I like to spend on Indian food. We typically don't pay over $40.Overall, I think their food is on-par with the many indian restaurants I've been to, but the prices are high. If you wanna charge higher prices, the ambiance of the place needs to be of a higher class.
I love this place and have come (and ordered from) here for many years. The food is great and the service as well. My favorite is the garlic naan and Chana Shaag or Palak Ponir. The only thing they could improve are the samosas, which are a bit bland.
Best Indian in the neighborhood, great flavor and spices at affordable prices. I order from them once a week, never disappointed!However what really inspired me to leave this review was that last time I ordered delivery, they truly went above and beyond. They had forgotten to pack the samosas I selected even though I could see I was charged for them, so that had me kinda bummed out as I dug into my Chicken Tikka Masala. The other problem was that I had ordered soon before closing time so it wasn't like I could call in and ask about it since they were closed at this point. But halfway through my entree, a knock at the door - they had realized the mistake themselves and sent someone back (after hours, in the RAIN I might add!) to correct the mistake.Not that I needed another reason to stay faithful to these guys, but that was truly above and beyond the call of duty. Thank you!!!
Spoons knifes and forks were not clean; for appetizer they brought one small basket of bread with little spices for 6 people !! Food came almost an hour after we sat; food quality were below the average - too greasy. Do not recommend this restaurant...
Came here with my fiance for dinner. It was empty but filled up quick. We did the dinner for 2. The food is delicious! Best Chicken Tikka Masala ever! and great service, the waiter was very friendly and upon hearing that I am a huge SRK fan, he played all SRK songs on the tv which was a big win for me. Would definitely come back.
People complaining about them being 10 minutes or more late on delivery need to get a life. You clearly don't know how busy they are on deliveries. If you need your food sooner walk your lazy self there. Best India place ever!
Some of the best curry I've ever had. This is now a regular spot for me. Great staff, delicious food and always quick! Highly, highly recommend the chicken curry (I like it on the spicier side - make sure you specify), garlic naan and tikka masala.
Just a Word : excellent!The food is very good, the staff really Nice with very good Mango Lassi. Really Nice place to go.
nasty food.  The Chat was the worst dish I've had an indian restaurant.  I could have been sick.  The sauces taste like they came from a bottle.  May have been good in the past - not any more!  Who write the other reviews?  Are they paid reviews?  This place is expensive and very bad.  I paid $30+ per person and just drank water.  Not worth it.
Normally love their Korma, but after waiting for it for two hours tonight, I got a lukewarm approximation that had barely any flavor and tough, tasteless chicken. Even the rice was already stale. I'll give them another go sometime and hope some inexperienced chef hasn't taken over, because on a good day this stuff is 5 stars.
This restaurant is a surprising treat.  I was just at home and hungry so I opened Seamless and ordered from the closest Indian place.  And then I ordered again two days later.  And two days later.  And the next day.  And two days later.The food has been so good that I'm afraid to actually go there in person - that it might not live up to my expectations.  At first I focused on the Tandoor selections and they were right on the money.  I had the Chicken Tikka, the Reshmi Kebab, the Platter and the Chicken Tandoori.  All of the dishes were flavorful and tender.  I have a small gripe about the Chicken Tandoori in that I don't care for how they cut the chicken up around the thighs, to include part of the back.  I'll stick to the boneless dishes going forward, but it's a small gripe.I also had a number of the appetizers including the Bhujia, the Mixed Platter and the Chicken Livers.  So I got to have the Samosa, the Aloo Tikki and the Vigetables Pakora.  The fried apps were very delicious.  The Samosa stands out.  The Chicken Livers were another unexpected surprise.  I've never had chicken livers in curry before and it was great.  I would even say it would work as a main with rice.  The livers were also tender and cooked well.Finally I tried the Lamb Vindaloo and added on the Daal Makhani.  The Vindaloo was delicious and spiced great, though I'm not a fan of biting into chunks of cardamom, and there were a few.The Daal Makhani was the only thing that I didn't like that much.  It's not that it was bad, it's just that I've had such good Daal Makhani in NYC that it really couldn't compare.  It was also a little undercooked, I thought, and a completely different style than the others, with a heavier tomato base.My favorite things were the Chicken Tikka, the Reshmi Kabab, the Tandoori Platter and the Chicken Livers, but everything else was very, very decent.
Always perfect. Chana masala is incredible and lots of veggie options. Quick delivery as well.
The best Indian fare in the neighborhood.  Super fast delivery, always friendly.  Sometimes the spice level can be randomly intense (which I don't mind, but my partner is a total wuss).
Stop what you're doing and try this place, guys. I've been ordering from King of Tandoor for years. After trying half the menu, I can safely say this is my favorite Indian food in the city. Delivery is insanely fast and friendly. Portions are as generous as Oprah on a giveaway episode. Specify that you want your food hot and prepare to have your sinuses cleared out in glorious fashion. Some of my favorite offerings:Shaag CurryLamb VindalooDansak CurryRogan JoshGarlic NaanGodspeed, my friend.
This was, in fact, our first meal in New York.  Since then we've done deliveries from here a couple of dozen times while we were AirBnB-ing in the block of apartments next door. It's the best Indian takeaway food I have ever had. That's coming from someone who has been doing this in London and Glasgow before that. It's unassuming and the folks who run the place have been very friendly. The standout dish for us was the chicken liver. Make sure you try a bit of that.
Ordering here for years, however, today I ordered chicken Marsala and as I was pouring my rice onto a plate I noticed how filthy the rice was, multiple hairs etc. This is so f***king nasty, there goes $14 down the drain. This will be my last time eating from this King Of Tandoor. Absolutely disgusting.
Went in a few months ago after exhausting myself at the Planet Fitness up the block. I'm very glad I went in. I did check the ratings before deciding to go in and the 4+ star rating helped to prompt me further though the place was empty an an early Saturday afternoon. I'm glad I didn't let the solitary setting deter me from a mouth watering and very satisfactory meal. Above that, was the great conversation I had with the manager, server, maitre'd, receptionist, etc... all wrapped into one person who basically catered to me and kept me entertained. In short, the 5 stars are for service, food quality, freshness, great flavors and fair price. I'll be back.
How can you resist this only Indian place in a West Indian neighborhood?  I used to live in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens and understand the few decent vegetarian options in that area.  Needless to say, King of Tandoor is great for vegivores.  I had many sumptuous dishes that aroused my aromatic senses and transported me to yummy-happy land.  Try the flavorful Ponir Makhanee, a cheese dish cooked in creamy spicy sauce or the Gobi Bhajee, cauliflower with tomatoes.  Don't forget the Coconut Poori bread. It's to die for.  Since I moved from PLG, I craved King of Tandoor take-outs.  There's nothing like an incredible Indian meal in the cozy comfort of your home.
Had an awesome meal at King of Tandoor today. I will say that the restaurant was pretty empty, the service was not experienced, and the atmosphere was just okay... BUT they have an unusually extensive menu compared to the other Indian restaurants I've been to in Brooklyn- and it's cheaper! (Most veg dishes were about $8, meat dishes around $12) and everything was delicious (although in retrospect I wish I had asked for my dish to be spicier- my fault, not theirs)...  Also, I'd never had peshawari naan before but it's going to be hard not to go back to order more every week... It's probably a good thing for my wallet and waistline that King of Tandoor is not in my immediate neighborhood.... but I'm sure I will go back again.
This place is great. The Vegetable Samosas were large and delicious. The chutneys accompanying the samosas were also good. Our entrees (Channa Dhal and Chicken Mackhani) were also very good. Portions are generous, and every time we go we end up getting multiple free dishes (banana pakora, mango lassi, heaps of naan, mango/pistachio ice cream, to name a few).
Best meal I've had in New York so far. Been to King of Tandor three times and every dish I've ordered has been great. Try the lamb tika masala, the lamb kebab, the biryani and of course, the garlic bread. Great food at a great price(around 11$ average) with nice and warm service.
The food is amazing, and the delivery is awlways so fast!! It's so nice having good Indian in the neighborhood. A tad expensive but worth it.
We love this restaurant!  We've eaten in twice and taken out a couple times and the food is always quite good. Both times we ate in, we were the only patrons there and were very well attended to but not annoyingly so. I hope they continue to get good business.  Great baingan bhurta!
i had a superior indian-food experience here. unparalleled breads. delicious entrees.
Not just good to have in the neighborhood, but actually good!  Friendly staff too, and its BYOB!  Also good for take out.
I usually only pop in for naan, because I like to cook myself.  But one night my fiance and I wanted take out.  While we waited they wait staff gave us a complimentary drink.  The food was also deee- licious!  Definitely will be eating there again, and cooking less!
I love this place for so many reasons. Other reviews note fairly the lack of ambiance and slightly high pricing, but this is amply balanced by the friendliness of the staff and the delicious food. They are extremely child friendly and relaxed about the accompanying mess and chaos. (Another high chair wouldn't go amiss). Vegetarian dishes are great and I heartily recommend the Thalies (plenty for two) and the paneer masala. We are often slipped extra dishes and desserts for free and the wait staff are truly delightful. BYOB makes the pricing more reasonable when dining in.
Yo!! This food is the shit!!! Lie for real, for real. I've tried a ton of the Indian spots in the hood, but this by far is the best. The food is awesome, tasty, flavorful, and every other positive adjective you can think of to describe it. They also give you a generous amount. The delivery is no hassle. Always ahead of what seamless says and super friendly. This is my go to Indian take out.
I ordered delivery from this place last night. 1 Lamb Garlic Curry $19.95 1 Chicken Tikka Masala $11.95. 1 Samosa $3.95. $45 plus tip and tax.The Samosa is fine, which is why I gave two stars instead of one. But there is barely any food in the two entrees. I felt like I was eating rice with two bowls of leftover sauce. That's kinda cheap for a restaurant to do this.
This might be the best Indian food I've ever had. My girlfriend and I ordered delivery from here twice. Both times were excellent. My favorite dish was the Chicken Tikka Makhanee. It's perfectly balanced with a nice amount of heat and a little sweetness from the mango. My girlfriend's favorite was the Dahl (sp?). It brings some serious heat and is super tasty.We found our go-to Indian place.
I always liked this place. Then they sent me chicken that was raw inside. I'll never eat from there again. Time will tell whether I got salmonella
I recently came here with a friend for a casual lunch. There was no wait for a table and he staff was super friendly and fast. I ordered the Chicken Livers to start,  Lamb Saag for my meal and a Flying Horse to drink.  Soooo delish!  The livers were so savory and tender.  The Lamb was cooked perfectly.  And the beer washed it all down. If you ever find yourself in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and stop! ps.  Do yourself an additional favor and order the Garlic Naan Bread. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Okay the place clean Food could be batterIf you don't like it not too spicy this is the place I have had real India food and it was way batter
I didn't like it... Gyro could have been a better dinner...Restaurant was really empty, not a single person was there, I checked the menu, and decision was made to have special mix meat biryani.Food wasn't fresh like it was cooked a week ago...Wasn't tasty...
Their food was absolutely incredible but I waited 1.5 hrs for my delivery. I'm going to give it another chance because the food was delish
I've only ever ordered from here..so I cannot rate it as a dining experience. The food is hands down the best in this neck of the woods. Their curries are spicy , flavorful and not overly oily. The breads are divine and their samosas are some of the best I've ever had!!Would highly recommend for a good and filling meal..it is not cheap however.
best chicken masala and garlic naan ever!! the food here is sooooooo good. i can't even stress sooooo enough lol.
Very tasty food, friendly prices. We had chicken dishes and samosa. Everything is great
I ordered today from King of Tandoor, fast delivery, food was very good, had 2 naans, 1 Pori, 1 chicken tikka masala, veggi Briyani and Dahl. All were delicious, portions were very generous and everything was fresh and hit by the time it got to me. A very positive experience. Looking forward to dine there and update this.Update, Had a 2nd delivery, got chicken Masala and chicken liver, both were excellent, delivery was very fast and food was hot. Thumps up
We've been ordering delivery from them pretty regularly. Food is good - nothing fancy or special but good and prices are not too crazy.
completely amazing indian food. Love the naan, the CTM, the rose ice cream, the shrimp pakora... love. One dinner combo is enough food for three meals.
This place is the bomb! 1. Excellent Customer Service!2. Super extensive reasonably priced menu!3. Really good food!I love it. It's too bad I don't like in Brooklyn, but at least I know where to go when I'm in the area. I would highly recommend this restaurant. I love Indian food and I was not disappointed.
A great neighborhood Indian spot! I've always passed by, wanting to order something, but I never got around to it until this past weekend. There was only one woman dining in when I entered to place an order to go, which you might want to take as a bad sign, but the neighborhood doesn't strike me as much of a "walk in, sit, and eat" kind of crowd with many of the restaurants on Flatbush Ave so it didn't surprise me. My boyfriend and I ordered the Vegetable Pakora, Beef Bindi, and Biryani, and the smells coming out of that kitchen while we were waiting were incredibly pungent.The curry sauce my Beef Bindi was bathed in was delicious and not spicy at all, which was what I wanted. I only wished it came with more meat and sauce. And while the curry to rice ratio may have seemed off, it was actually perfect. With an entire platter of rice, I was very, very full from my dish. For whatever reason, we waited to eat the Pakora until after our mains, so we didn't really get to enjoy them as much as we could've since we were so full.Will order again!
This place has great service ! Mostly the entire menu consists of Indian food. I eat the curry chicken every time. Everyone talks about it . If you haven't tried it , please do in the future when you go to this restaurant!
killer indian. samoasa was the best i ever had.  garlic chicken was amazing as was the chicken tikka massala. we will be going back often.
I have ordered delivery from this place three times at this point...I am entirely hooked. I must admit that I haven't tried many other Indian places in this neighborhood...but I also have to be honest when I say that I don't intend to. I have nothing but awesome things to say about the food and the delivery service from this spot. Here are a few things to note:* When you order things hot, expect them to be HOT. I'm used to asking for stuff extra spicy and never really breaking a sweat...this isn't the case at King of Tandoor. Shit is spiiiiicy and that's awesome! Everything is well balanced and flavor forward with the kick coming as a supplement (not brain melting, spicy for the sake of spice food). * Main dishes come with rice. This might be a duh but the first time I ordered I wasn't sure and ordered extra rice and had SO MUCH extra. * Get the bread. All the bread. It's out of control, delicious. Things that I've ordered and loved (forgive me because I can't remember the menu names but I will update this with more accurate info) * The black Daal - Omg so creamy and rich and wonderful. Perfectly balanced and amazing. * Lamb vindaloo - So dark and richly spiced with an amazing roasted chile flavor and lamb that was just falling apart. I really enjoyed this. * Garlic chicken curry - if you're a garlic lover, this is a must order. Whole cloves of roasted garlic in a thick creamy curry with tender and moist chicken. * The chicken tikka curry with the mango chutney - super spicy but incredibly well balanced with fantastic fruity notes. I'm a big fan. * Onion bhajis - greasy but tasty. Can't see myself ordering again.* Lamb samosas - dry but definitely really tasty, again not sure if I would order again. * Tandoori wings - super well spiced with a great char on them. Definitely will order again.Best of all, this place delivers super promptly and the food is hot and ready to go...though they did forget my papadums once. But meh.
This restaurant was completely and maddeningly irresponsible.  I placed my order and received an email confirmation with a time estimate of 45-55 minutes.  I then received an update one half hour later confirming this time frame.  After the time had passed, I called the restaurant to inquire about my order.  I was told they never received the order.  I told them I received a confirmation that my order had been received.  I was then told my order was in the computer but it never printer out and they had closed 1/2 hour ago.  That was it.  Nothing else, no responsibility, no apology, no attempt to right the situation after I waited over an hour for the food that never came.I called Seamless.  Seamless put me on hold while they checked their records.  They said records showed my order left the restaurant at 10:30 pm, the time they closed.  THEY HAD THE NERVE TO CHARGE ME FOR AN ORDER THEY NEVER INTENDED TO DELIVER!!!  Then they put me on hold again and called to find out what happened.  At that point, the manager acknowledged the food never went out, said one of the workers must have indicated it had, and the manager wanted to deliver the meal to me tomorrow.  I am getting up at the crack of dawn to go out of town, will get to bed 2 hours later, and have a better idea for what the manager can do with the meal.
We ordered delivery for the chicken and lamb biriyani. It was good. The portions were large but the price was a bit high. There were nice sized pieces of chicken and lamb. And vegetables were a nice touch. It felt a bit greasy-but it was tasty. I looked at the menu and noticed some familiar dishes- chaat, rogan josh. Good for delivery or take-out. I haven't tried the eat in option.
They would have gotten 5 stars but here's why they received 3. Food is great tasting, especially the chicken tikka masala. Great flavor. Mango lassi could have been a little less thick but it was super delicious. Overall, good food. Here's where things fail: their customer service. The delivery guys are super incredibly rude and extremely impatient. Can you give me time to get out the door to the elevator or stairs? How do you call me ONE MINUTE/60 seconds after? I would say thank you and none would respond. Not even an "ok". One even told me he has other deliveries and I'm holding up business. If I am holding up business, then what exactly are YOU doing wrong. It's way too expensive to be that nasty. I may or may not buy from them again and would gladly spread the word. Get it together.
I loved King of Tandoor. It is traditional Indian food prepared with something extra. I went there with a friend and we both ordered too much. It was delicious!
Love King of Tandoor. Food is good staff is extremely accommodating and welcoming. They have a beer and wine license but if you ask nicely they still offer BYOB. I have had the tikka masala, saag, korma, mulligatawny soup (amazing), and just about all their naans. They're very fresh and tasty. There are other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood that also have great food but the friendly staff here put King of Tandoor at the top of my list.
WHAT ARE YOU ALL SMOKING???  This is awful food.  Like I have the munchies and haven't eaten all day and am still tossing it all.We ordered $100 worth of vegetarian food from here.  It was a 6 person group, so we got a ton of veggie curries, rices, breads, salad, chickpea app, etc...  Pretty much tried most of the veg menu.  This is not Indian food.  This is so far from authentic Indian food.Nothing was good.  Nothing.  Even the rice was dry and gross.  (This is coming from a girl who wrote a series of poems on how rice is her favorite food...in 4th grade.)The curries are drenched in oil, not one had any hint of spice (we ordered all medium or hot dishes), they all tasted the same, and 1/4 of the order was missing.  Annoying.
Used to live in Kensington and this was our go-to Indian delivery joint. Now we live in Astoria and "good Indian food" seems to be a foreign language around here. Please deliver to me on the other side of the city. I miss this place so much! Their paratha is probably the best I've ever had. The staples like Chicken Tikka and Butter Chicken are awesome. The Chana Chat is also delicious. I can't recall ever getting a bad meal from this place, and we probably ordered delivery from them more than a dozen times. Consistently excellent. Deliver to Queens, damn you.
I only ever order delivery but it always arrives in the specified window, hot. Friendly delivery and the food is some of the better Indian I have had in BK.
Don't be deterred by their neon "OPEN" sign and ubiquitous Christmas lights dangling off the front awning. This place is the jewel of Flatbush. Based on a friend's recommendation, this became Sunday night's destination for clearing out the rest of my upper respiratory assault by flu. The place smelled like a roasted cardamom pod. My mucosa were excited by this comforting nutty perfume. Our order consisted of Gobi Bhajee (spicy roasted cauliflower in tomato), Chicken Rogonjosh (cubed chicken floating in an almond, yogurt and cumin-y spiked sauce), Crabmeat Curry (crab cooked down to an almost puree consistency that was savory, but not at all spicy) and Chef's Special Vegetable Delight (huge pieces of cauliflower, carrot and broccoli roasted in a nutty, buttery sauce). The garlic naan and raita were the only accompaniments to the dishes along with more basmati than God. As we sat and waited for our take away order, we were treated to glasses of mango nectar to open our appetites. Insanely theatrical pop videos from India on their flat screen mesmerized me, making the twenty minutes go by very quickly. The gesture, coupled with the quality of the food, have carved a special place in my curry loving heart for the King of Tandoor. I can't wait to go back and try something truly spicy - my only lament that we didn't ask about heat level prior to making our choices. It will be fun to explore their menu, both in house and carry out!
Me and my mom went in after running errands and we were thoroughly satisfied.  The services was good and the young man as our waiter was very pleasant and the food came out quit quickly.The decor is very modest neighbor Indian flavor and they also play Bollywood movies and music vidoes....A+ for that.We had veggie samosas which were really good....we shared the Shrimp Tandori Masala and the shrimp Tandoor w/ spinach I can say delicious!!!!  I actually was expecting the food to be mediocre I was delightfully surprised!!!  My experience was one where I would go back again....HOWEVER after reading some of the below comments about delievery make me hesitant to get delivery....but my experience dining-in was so good where I will have to try delivery soon...I will come back with an update on that.  But for now King of Tandoor is a must try!!!
Came here on a Monday night for some curry, mouth watering. My teeth were clenching as soon as I smelled the aroma of the Resturaunt. Very homely, place feels awesome. Customer service it a 10/10 and everyone is so kind! Very clean and once again the food Is AMAZING here. The dude with the long hair is funny and helps you with everything. His suggestions are good, I'll defiantly come back, this all goes to my waiter (long hair guy)
I've lived in the neighborhood for over 3 years and have always gotten Indian delivery from another place which is very good except their dal which I find just okay. Yesterday I decided to give King of Tandoor a try and I'm really glad I did. Their dal is VERY good. So good. I also loved their Alo Motor Gobi and meat samosas. Delicious. The garlic naan wasn't very garlicky (but it was fluffy) and the Mulligatawny soup was not the best I've had, but for the dal and samosas alone, I might be a convert. This is what I usually like to gorge on anyway. Delivery was fast and my order was exactly right. I ordered side dishes of both the dal and motor gobi and received a large rice with it. I wasn't sure whether they'd send rice with the side dish portions but was very happy to see that they did.
We got the curry  dinner for two. For 35 dollars we got two appetizers, naan,  two soup, two kinds of curry , and two desserts. The mushroom soup was some of the best soup Ive ever had. The lamb in the curry was a little tough but the flavor of  the curry made up for it. The service was good, the indian music was great. I would go back if I am ever in the area again.
Once you walk in your welcomed to a room that seems a bit to cozy.. Even with an uninviting little vestibule that makes you just want to walk out.. You must get passed it to sit down.. Once you have your menu, the food is separated by type to help you understand.. Pick out anything you want.. That all are great! Well cooked and seasons right! Made spicy or mild to fit your taste.. And for me personally I was surprised how it remind me of food from my native country and it bought back a feeling of comfort.
When a friend came over and specified that she wanted "good" Indian, but only if it is "good," we took a chance on King of Tandoor based on the stellar reviews.  Unfortunately, as it goes with most gambling, the odds were in favor of the house.First, the positives:  we were more than pleasantly surprised with the crispy, golden fried samosas, which ended up being the highlight of our unexceptional meal.  The mango ice cream was also delicious.  One star for each.As for the rest of the meal, it arrived 15 minutes late.  We decided to try the mixed appetizer plate, which was basically a collection of fried, tasteless, unidentifiable food.  We also received the wrong chicken.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala and we received the tandoori chicken.  HUGE difference.  We also ordered the malai chicken.  Both were overcooked and dry with very little flavor and zero trace of sauce.  We suffered such hardship, that we had to use our soup to lubricate our palate in preparation for this dry food.  There was almost no discernible difference between the Mulligatawny soup and the vegetable soup, besides the vegetables.  We are really racking our brains to figure out where all of the good reviews came from.  I think it will come as no surprise that we will not be trying this restaurant again to find out.
I'm doomed. With King of Tandoor within walking distance of my apartment, I expect I'll soon make the news for being mistaken as a beached whale. That's how delicious their food is.Garlic naan so big it looks like pizza crust. Curry with just the right amount of spice. For $12, and I had an extra meal's worth of leftovers. THAT'S what's up.They were oddly empty for 7:30 on a Friday night. Fellow Yelpers, please help me keep them in business! I can't eat all that curry by myself.
butter chicken had my wantin to high five the chef, and the amount of food was ridicoulus. I was expecting like half of what i got. almost dropped the bags when i get em.
Had a recent revisit this week with the hubs for dinnerOur ordersMango lassi: nice smooth and thick.  Pefect combination. The only thing better would be to add rhum to it.Veg samosa : it just tasted all potatoe, no other flavor. The samosa with minced meat however, was so much betterAs entrees, the hubs ordered chicken Makhani, the sauce was more on the sweet side but  it was delicious. My favorite dish that night was the lamb Korahi--lamb  cooked with freshly ground spices, tomatoes,  coriander served in hot iron plate. The lamb was surprisingly so tender and tasted lovely with the spices.After this meal, I'm totally reconsidering eating or delivery from here.
Just ordered delivery for the first time and was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful the food is. Delivery did take a while, but the quality made up for it. Probably the best Tikka Masala I've ever had, along with oven-fresh fluffy naan. I will definitely order my Indian here from now on!
Now there are like two more Indian restaurants right across from this place and it's still my go to. I live pretty close to another Indian restaurant, but order from this one instead because the food is consistent. My go to's are- Vegetarian Thali Platter - this way you can get a lot of stuff and not look greedy. The thali platter consists of 2 veggie options, a bread (their poori is pretty good),rice, yogurt, and a chutney. It's usually good enough for two meals, at least and you don't have to fiddle with ordering a la carte.- Mango Lassi - Poori - you get two poori and they are usually still thin and puffed by the time they reach me- Saag Paneer  - my love of spinach, cream and cheese all come together in this. You can vary the spiciness level. Medium is kind of spicy- Aloo Motor Gobi - the mix of veggie is usually really good, you can also vary the level of spiciness.- Veggie Samosas - always a good go to, but I usually don't order if I order poori.-Gulab Jamon - donut like balls soaked in a honey sauce...served warm. The best thing you will have. Ever. So savory and soooo sweet!!!When you order the vegetables a la carte, you have the option of adding another one as a smaller side, which is really nice because you can experiment with whatever else you'd like without the commitment. My only MAJOR complaint is that they NEVER, EVER, EVER give extra condiments. I live for the onions and the tamarind. It's not enough for the food I order and I always have to ration what I have. mmmm, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!
This past week my friend and I order food from a different restaurant. We had about a hour and half before having to be where we needed to be. About 45 min after ordering we got a call from the restaurant saying they had to cancel are order do to and emergency and would not be able to make any food this evening. So with 45 min left before having to leave I placed an order with King of Tandoor, I explained the situation. They were very kind and extremely helpful. The man I spoke with said that he would do his best to get the food there before hand and if he thought the food would not arrive then he would call in advance and I'd cancel my order.The food showed up with time to spare and was hot and delicious. I've eaten there before but never had the Shrimp Tandoori Masala. THIS IS THE BEST DISH.... If you like a bit of heat and looking for something that's not meat. I highly recommend this at Med. heat. Really this is awesome... and with a samosa its a really great meal.
Ordered food @ 8:30pm called @ 9:45 guy who picked up was very rude I told him I ordered my food over hour and half he said he don't see my order on line didn't want the confirmation number wanted me to order my food over again @ 9:45pm!!!!
This place has upgraded to a 3.5 from my previous 2 stars. It may be to local competition including the likes of Gandhi.The wife went of the beaten path and ordered the lamb Josh. It was pretty good. I enjoyed it better than the tikka masala she traditionally orders. Sometimes being gyangsta can pay off.Makhani was good, although far from the best I've had. However, the vegetable samosa, was close to the best I've had. The mince meat samosa was about average.The cheese nan was nothing special, like I thought it be. I don't think it's worth the extra 50 cents and calories, but at least it's something different than I've seen before.Two ppl at a sit down dinner with appetizer, two drinks (nonalcoholic), and extra to take home for roughly $40. When you can do that in BK (that's not Chinese food) that's always a plus.
Good service. Warm and friendly environment.Dishes are freshly prepared.Love their nan.Shrimp Biriyani and Shrimp Massala are tasty.Mango-lassi is devine.
Had a quick after work dinner date here, it was my first time ever having Indian food. I don't really do hot and spicy so I ordered what seemed safest, the Chicken Masala. I also had Samosa with ground beef as an appetizer. The Samosa was good, I wasn't expecting it to be so big so I was full just from eating that alone.I pretty much had to have the Chicken Masala to go, but I did have just a taste of it before that. It was a little sweet and the chicken was pretty tender. I gave it 3 stars because over all there were too many flavors and I don't think Indian food is for me. I got overwhelmed by the different seasoning and smells that it takes away from the food experience for me. But I am happy I gave it a try, and service was nice as well. And the place itself is a lovely place to bring a date.
Not the best experience when it comes to indian food. I felt like my shrimp curry was bland. The Gulab Jamun was cold and I only got two(usually I get 4 balls). I had to ask the waiter to reheat it. The only saving grace was Pistachios Kulfi(ice cream).
Really good food. Just ordered from here through Eat24. Had the Chicken Vindaloo and a mango lassi. Followed another reviewer's advice about the spicyness level of the food. Vindaloo is usually very spicy but I can only handle so much, so I set the spice level to Medium and it was still enough heat to make my eyes water. Good news for spicy food lovers and Desi's. Glad the restaurant could accomodate me. Mango lassi was thick and tasted very good (as authentic as I've ever had). Delivery was good (food got here faster than expected)  delivery guy nice and polite.
Popped in for lunch, where they have different combos for around $8.  I went with a curry which came with rice and apparently they threw in a naan bread as well.There was plenty of food, however it lacked heat.  Given that this isn't an Indian nabe, I'm guessing they dumb things down for the uninitiated.  If you like spicy fare, you might ask them to kick things up from the default setting.
Pretty solid, decent dining experience. Nothing bad, nothing exceptional.
Really tasty.  These guys deserve their 4+ star review.  Order delivery which is consistently hot when it arrives.  Usually get chicken dishes e.g.  Madras, curry and Tikka Masala and Saag, Naan and samosas.  All great especially for Brooklyn.  Give it a try you won't be disappointed.
This place is great!  Very tasty food, huge portions (my girlfriend and I ate on it for two days and got stuffed every time), reasonable prices, and friendly staff plus delivery.  I recommend getting the Kasmiri naan, especially if you like coconut.  If you want something more hearty get the kima paratha, filled with meat.  By itself it is very filling.
I've only ordered from King of Tandoor and several times, and never had any major problems. The food is always hot and fresh when delivered, and the delivery people are very friendly. The only thing I can say is whenever I order a mango lassi, it never makes it to my bag.. but they were nice enough to come back and deliver it. Definitely my go to Indian restaurant.
Mother of god this place is good! I am so glad I went trough yelp to find an Indian food place, this was so glorious. Their chicken tikka masala is incredible, the naan, the samosas, all so delicious! I probably won't order from anywhere else now since I'm a creature of habit, but in pretty sure this place ruined all other places for me.
Best place in the hood. Love them. Good people and great food, fast service.
Naan is incredible! Malai kofta is so delicious - has a sweet edge to it. We also got the chana saag, the chick peas were a little soggy but the flavor was great. Will ask for spicy next time! If you like spicier foods, you should do the same. Enjoy!!
This place is right down the road from my apartment so I walked over from the train and ordered take-out. I prefer to do that over delivery if a restaurant is within walking distance as usually your food will actually be higher quality and not as cold as it winds up when ordering delivery. I just got chicken tikka masala (medium) and a naan bread. The chicken is fantastic, you can see only high quality white meat has been used and their spice is hot hot hot and I loved my meal. I might actually get mild next time though as their medium was almost more on par with what I usually equate to "hot". Packing lots of flavour though! I will definitely be returning.
Highly recommend mulligatawny soup, vegetable pakora, Chicken kurma, chicken tikka masala, cheese naan, garlic naan and mango lassi!  Decent delivery time at peak hours, very nice and accommodating.  Glass plates, free refills on white rice when you dine in, fancy/casual restaurant that's never to crowded.
I've ordered here at least three times now and every time I've been really satisfied. Last time I went they even gave us free mango ice cream-5stars. The service is wonderful, and the waiters are all friendly. I've ordered mostly lamb dishes, like the lamb bindi curry. These were good- however, if you like your food spicy make sure to ask for extra hotness!
Not today. Not tomorrow. Not ever will I eat here again. Idk what people's tastebuds are doing on these reviews but I tried the "award" winning tikka chicken masala and it is literally the worst I've ever tried next to BayLeaf which is so conveniently across the street lol. I've had this dish at many different restaurants in different states and I have never had it taste as bad or anything close to this! It literally taste like it was made with basic household condiments. Do yourself a favor...ignore all reviews and skip this dish. And some of the staff was rude.
I still think this is one of the better options near prospect park. But the rice and spice has been weak. The soup tastes thoughtless
YUM!! How did I not know this place delivers all the way to Windsor Terrace? I have tried my share of Indian delivery cuisine, believe you me and I'm making my second order in 24 hours. Yes, it's been a comfort food sort of week. The Chicken Saag was here in less than 30 minutes, and it was some of the most delicate, flavorful, delicious Saag I've had. Looking forward to trying other menu options. The rice was a wee bit dry and the sauce was a wee bit oily, but that's being super critical. OH and really reasonable prices!! So happy to have found this place, and hoping it will be consistent.
The muligatawny soup is to die for.  The vindaloo, esp. the lamb, is delish --- if you like hot food.Service is slow though so don't try this place in a rush!
Good Indian cuisine and not very expensive. Everything's very tasty and not so spicy. Came there with my girlfriend for lunch and occasionally spent there about 2 hours :)
This is my favorite take out Indian spot.  Their Palak Paneer is by far the best I've ever had.
Simply amazing chicken Tikka Masala. I was just craving for it and found this black and boy did they come through.
A relatively small restaurant. We could hear the people talking very clearly 2 tables away. Or that could just be because they are loud.It has a spacey and airy feel to it, not much to catch your eyes. Well there were Indian MVs playing, I was held captive by them while waiting for our food. It's very.....enthusiastic. The menu is pretty extensive. I don't go to Indian restaurants much so that may be the norm. They had a very sweet special of only around $20 for soup, app, main and dessert. My friend and I opted for that. We were so stuffed by the middle of the appetizer that we had to have the main course packed to go and go straight into the dessert. And even then we had to wait a bit before digging in.I highly recommend getting:Chicken liver appetizer - the sandy texture the liver gives the sauce made it awesome for dippingDansak curry - lentils are good for youKulfi - really rich Indian ice cream no matter what they say on the menuMango lassi - OMG thick, creamy, yogurt smoothie thing drink. SO GOOD.
I've been here a handful of times because it's right up the street from my place, and it satisfies my Indian cravings although the food has never been spectacular.It's usually pretty dead when I go--I appreciate the quiet but my dad taught me to never eat in empty restaurants. I should have listened because after going the other night I got a severe case of food poisoning. I ordered what I usually get--chicken tikka masala and saag paneer--and noticed right away that it tasted a little worse than usual. Unfortunately I won't be going back.
Ordered takeout from here for lunch today, and have to say I'm less than impressed. Delivery was prompt and friendly, and that's where the good things really end. I got the chicken tikka lunch special, and ponir pakora, which is basically cheese rolled in bread and fried. The chicken came with rice and nan. The bag had no utensils or napkins in it. Personally, if I'm ordering takeout I do not want to get any dishes dirty. As soon as I opened the chicken I was shocked - there was absolutely no sauce on it. Eating that dish with rice was out of the question, too much dryness. The chicken itself was also very dry, so without a sauce it made it really hard to eat. The naan tasted stale and I couldn't eat more than a few bites. The ponir wasn't bad, but wasn't great either. It wasn't hot, but lukewarm, and the cheese inside was not melty or stringy, but merely tasted like they had put a slightly warm slab of cheese inside. I wouldn't have been able to eat them by themselves, but I was able to eat them using a green dipping sauce that came in the bag. Overall I will not be ordering from here again, there are much better options in the neighborhood.
Tasty,  but not incredible. We had the chicken Tiki Masala and the beef curry.  The beef curry was nice and spicy with a great taste of curry and cloves.  I was disappointed with the chicken.  It had a much too sweet taste,  like ketchup,  instead of the spicy taste I'm used to. We had Naan as well,  and while the sauces were good they weren't outstanding.But the order came quick and with a smile.
Terrible experience - mostly okay food.OrderingOrdered food a little after 8, get a call that I ordered "wrong" and chose an app for a combo platter I shouldn't have.  It was an option, I wanted it, I don't get it, but fine - I agree to give cash for whatever else they think it's worth and the order's going to go forward. Food arrives finally around 10 (listing said 30-45 mins, not TWO HOURS!) - I give the guy the extra cash.  The questionable app wasn't even in the order, so I had to call back.  Unfun.  FoodThe breads, samosas, and vindaloo were all good.  The rice was cold, the vegetable soup was all oil and tasted slick and off - we couldn't eat it.  The shrimp in the shrimp app tasted a bit foul and also had an oily top layer that had us toss instead of eat this too.  The salmon curry had the same oil slick, but one of the guys was hungry, so ate it anyway - he said it was edible, but greasy.I was excited to try a new indian place that got such good reviews on Yelp, but don't think i can handle it again.
Great Indian find!Unpretentious and friendly, nice service.Chutneys are great and so are breads! Loved chicken tikka masala and lotus root dumplings in sweet curry sauce. Spinach and cheese also hit all the right spots. Rogan josh was the only mediocre dish. Mango lassi was top notch, refreshing and not too sweetWill be certainly back!
Chicken Tikka Masala was great and so was the naan bread.  Will definitely be going back here soon.
The food is excellent, even when the order is messed up they will replace it and let you keep the old one or refund. Very polite staff members
The guys running this place are great. We lived across the street and this place quickly became our three year old daughters favorite spot. They always greet us with genuine warmth and hospitality, really a home vibe in here for our family.
delish delivery. takes a little longer than the window they give on seamless but is worth the wait. beware of the medium option if you are not big on spicy- packs some heat. but overall, so glad to have this place in the neighborhood!
The vegetarian dinner special is an amazing deal. It's supposed to be for 2 people but the portions are large enough to have another full meal each. I ordered it for delivery and it arrived sooner than expected, hot and everything was extremely tasty. I'll definitely be ordering again.
I will not be ordering from this restaurant again and if you are a woman, I recommend that you do not order delivery from this restaurant.The only reason I opened a Yelp account is just so that I can let everyone here know about the extremely negative experience I had ordering delivery from King of Tandoor.  Last night at around 10PM,  I ordered food from this restaurant for the first time.  20 minutes later, the delivery guy calls because he's here with the food.  Not only was the service quick, but the food was hot and delicious.  Yay.About 30 minutes after that, I get a call from a 347 number I did not recognize.  When I picked up, the man on the other line asked me, "How much?"  Confused, I asked him "how much for what?" and he responded, "you know what I mean."  Uhhhh, is this mofo propositioning for me for paid sex???No way.  This must be a prank call from a friend or something.  I asked him where he got my telephone number and he said online and he kept asking me how much.  As I waited for the punchline and giggling from a friend who had been masking their voice, I cross-referenced the number with my call history and realized that this was the same number the delivery guy called me from.Uh oh.  He seriously is calling me, a customer for paid sex.  Insinuating that I am a prostitute.At that point, I tell him that he has the wrong number and not to call this number again.  I hang up feeling mortified and wondering what just happened. I call my sister to tell her the story and he calls me again!  This time he launched right into it, not even a "hello"  or "how are you?."  He offers me $150 for one hour.  I ask him where he got my telephone number and he says Backpages.I say, "no you didn't get my number from Backpages.  You just delivered food to me and I never want you to call this number again" and hung up.Today I went to the store to complain and felt dismissed by the person who I talked to who weakly apologized and told me he would have to speak to his manager.  They have my number and I expect an apology and I want to know that the delivery guy has at least been reprimanded.In the meantime, there's a guy out there with my number, who knows where I live who thinks I'm a prostitute and wants to pay me for sex.  Great.  No Indian food is worth that sh**.
This place has some of the best Indian food that I have ever eaten. I am in love with the Tandoori Chicken. Everything is packaged  and so beautifully presented when you order take-out! I was very impressed. The deliveryman was kind of rude. Other than that, a very pleasant take out experience!
Great Indian food at a great price. This place has fresh ingredients, nice dishes, and great customer service. They can take a bit of extra time to deliver though, so order early.
The lamb vindaloo has quite a kick.  I'm used to vindaloos with spicyness that builds up with time.  With that said, I thought it was very good.The chicken tikka masala was too sweet.  I couldn't even finish it.  Even my boyfriend who is used to eating my leftovers couldn't finish it.The palak paneer was WAY TOO SWEET.  It was disgusting.  No one in our party of three wanted to touch it again after a taste.The mango lassi was good though.I wouldn't go back here.
Friend was craving for Indian food and I managed to find this gem that's a 15 min bus-ride away from me, so we decided to check it out for lunch.Extensive menu with vegetarian options and lots of pictures for those who haven't had too much Indian food exposure. We ordered the meat samosas (2 pieces an order) which were delicious. Ground meat with some peas. Try it with the green sauce, it's a tad bit spicy. Their fried cheese appetizer wasn't what I had in mind but it was very tasty. Not overly battered and the dough on the outside was light enough. For the main entree, we had the lunch special of chicken rashmiskehab? some kind of grilled chicken that was nicely done on the outside yet still soft and moist on the inside. We also had the beef korma curry which came with white rice. The beef korma  wasn't spicy but it didn't have the almonds that I was looking forward to. The naan that came with the food was fluffy and not too salty. We just kept eating it with the curry even though we were stuffed.I am glad that I don't live THAT close, if not this could be a weekly event.Tip-bits:Lunch special till 3:00pmRight by Prospect Park Station on B and Q
King of Tandoor is as good if not better than any other Indian food I've had in the city. It's definitely better in that it is able to be delivered to my place! I've never eaten in the restaurant, but it looks nice and clean.The samosa are good but get a little less-than-crispy in the delivery process. The baingan bhurta is pretty much my go-to, but I've also liked the chana saag and chana aloo. The bindi baza was good but not great, in that I felt it didn't have enough sauce.
I've tried about 4-5 Indian food places that deliver in my general vicinity.After waiting an hour and a half for it to arrive, after being told it'll be a 30-45 minute wait, I was disappointed.They're mutter paneer was thin and watery, and much too sweet. Their naan was nice and fluffy, and that was the only plus.I probably won't order from here again.
By far one of my favorite restaurants in this area. I love just about everything and I am never disappointed. The Paratha bread which is a multi layered butter fried crisp bread is as delicious as it sounds, the Samosa is outstanding, and the Thandoori Wings are insanely good. The exact time of flavors and spices you expect.The Chicken Tandoori is so tender and juicy, it always tastes the same everytime I get it. I highly recommend them.
Excellent Food. If getting your food in under an hour (esp Fri night) is important go elsewhere.
I love my neighborhood on the park, but the choices of good take out are slim pickins.My Indian food craving was too strong the other night, so I summon up the courage to test out King of Tandoor, feeling leery of these recent 4 star reviews.Not to frighten my nephew away from one of my favorite cuisines, I order standards for us, including chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi motor,  shaag dal.  Although the chicken was edible, the sauce looked a bit too toxic orange for my liking.  Then there was the "dal" the kitchen used with the spinach saag.  Dal is made with lentils, NOT pigeon peas.  Was it possible that an Indian restaurant actually ran out of lentils?!?  I suppose since this is a predominantly Caribbean neighborhood, they think it's ok for them to substitute, but I know better!  Oh but wait... now for the aloo gobi motor, a safe mix of peas, potato,  cauliflower.  Nope, not safe whatsoever.  In fact, it was spoiled!!!  I imagine it was sitting out too long b/c it had a sour after taste to it and if I actually stuck my nose right into the dish and took a good whiff, it wasn't pleasant.Alas, if you'd like to order staples like the basmati rice  the naan, you are in good hands w/the King!!!
If you're hungry, go to this place. My fiancee and I used seamless web and ordered the Curry Special Dinner (Dinner for Two): rice, choice of bread, two soups, two curries, two apps, and two desserts for about $28. Well, I'm not sure if this is the usual practice, but we got more than we bargained for. We got (1) basically every appetizer on the menu (3 samosa, Baghara Jinga, 3 Aloo Tikki, and vegetable pakoras);  (2) two heaping half-quart containers of soup (mulligatawny and veggie); (3) a goodly amount of rice, one big garlic naan, and one bonus poori; (4) One half quart of lamb vindaloo and one half quart of Madres Chicken curry...(breath)(5) and three desserts: Gulab Jamin; Rasmalai; and a bonus Firni.So, when we finished eating some of the appetizers, some naan, and the curry with rice, we still had a ton of food left. I hadn't even touched the soup (which I could order with naan as a meal for life) and the desserts. We ending eating the leftovers for and additional 3.5 meals throughout the week (and I'm not small).I gave this place a five because of the portions and good flavor. The food is very good. Note: the vindaloo could have been hotter, but when the credit card says "Mark Anderson," they probably saw a corn fed white boy coming and said "he didn't really mean hot." Three things I would skip next time would be the Baghara Jinga (shrimp), the Madres Chicken Curry, and the Firni dessert. The first two had so so spicing and the shrimp was a little overcooked (and if lamb is the same price, why get chicken?). The firni is just rice pudding with a little indian spice and since, last time I checked, most grocery stores in the area (e.g. Western Beef) don't carry Cottage cheese cooked with cream and almond sauce (rasmalai) and Fried cheese balls dipped in honey syrup (gulab jamun)---you would be smart to order them.Overall, this was fast, awesome, bountiful indian delivery food. I'm not sure if all experiences are the same, but, if they are, for my dollar and palate, I'm not sure why I'd eat any other Indian place in the PLG or the surrounding area (I'll throw the East Village into the mix too).
King of Tandoor is my go-to Indian place on Sunday nights. It's nice to have a restaurant where they remember you, and serve up tasty samosas. They do pick-up/take-out and sit down equally well.My meals of choice are the the grilled chicken (Malai Kebab), Ponir Masala, and the Malai Kofta. Though I have favorites, I've never had anything I disliked on the menu.The service is always good, it's clean, and the food is excellent and well-priced. The portions are generous. I haven't had many of the deserts yet, because I'm always full by the time I get done with dinner.
They are friendly, I don't recommend eating in. The place is dark, dated and not appealing inside. The food was just ok, it was definitely eatable but I probably won't order from here again.  I ordered the chicken tikka which was disappointing. The onion nan was very good and fresh.
listen, im not a big Indian food fan. WELLL, that is until I ordered food from here. I have never been inside the restaurant. I always just drive by, or get food delivered. This Indian food is THE BEST. It is such good food. The chicken is just the highest quality. This food is GOOD.
We used King of Tandoor to cater a company party (30 guests) at a residence near by.  We ordered various appetizers, the assorted breads, the assorted condiments, tandoori mix, several vegetarian dishes, chicken tikka masala, and two types of biryani. The food was delivered on time, and with plenty of serving utensils. The delivery people even brought the food into the dining area and helped unpack.  EVERYONE loved the food.  The quality was very good--people raved over the tandoori mixed grill and the coconut bread.  Additionally we were given some Mango Lassi which tipped this review from 4 stars to 5.I highly recommend King of Tandoor for regular dining but especially for larger events.
The chicken tikka masala and garlic naan are delicious. We do take out and, though the food is great, the delivery can be slow and the food arrived cold once but it really is quite good. Would've gotten all 5 stars if not for the delivery.
My favorite neighborhood spot!  Granted, pickings in PLG are somewhat slim, but these guys know how to do Indian food right.Waiters are friendly and remember your favorite table and whatever your usual is.  Fave dish is the Chef's Special Vegetable Delight.  Also, Bollywood movies on the TV!  All the time!  Oh yes.Food is delicious, portions are generous, and every time we go we end up getting multiple free dishes (banana pakora, mango lassi, heaps of naan, mango/pistachio ice cream, to name a few).  I know they're waiting on a liquor license, but for now you can BYOB.Great spot!
excellent food really.Service is somewhat relaxed, but in a geniune, non harmful manner. Although the restaurant was empty and we asked a few times to order, it seemed to take forever and with a 2 year old, eating out is as much about logistics, damage control that it is about good food. In fariness, they sent us over fried bananas for our little one, who welcomed them with a NO and turned her head. We happily ate them.Starters, pacoras (or pecoras) where ok, I mean deep fried is deep fried, how good can it be if you are not into that kinda stuff. And as you don't see me trawling in popayes and biscuit or JFK, I call them ok.Vegeterian mains were delicious. Chicken vindaloo redefines hot and spicy. I mean they should advertize it with a warning or label, that you are about to enter danger zone. Once mixed with yogurth it was fine.Ah...one last thing. I do like a good cobra or kingfisher with indian food. But here, no. Only lassies.3 stars all in all. However the fourth star is there as it is the first decent restaurant (not that there are no other, just have not tried them) in my newly moved in neighborhood.PS their number has found a coveted spot on my speed dial for takouts along with Rhong Tiam Express.
I usually get delivery from here once/twice a month. Service: The orders always arrive relatively quickly. Orders are always correct. And the food is always hot.Food: Overall, high quality and flavorful. When you ask for spicy food, you get spicy food - this is absolutely mandatory with desi food. Those who are looking for traditional Indian food wouldn't do too bad to try this place out. The portions are reasonable, and the food isn't overly laden with ghee or oil (which is a common problem with Indian takeout places)My favorite dishes: onion kulcha, dansak curry (hot!), and poori
Great indian food. Chicken tikka masala - nice rich flavor. Good amount of chicken.Baingan bhurta -  not worth the money. I like eggplant but did not get enough flavor.Mulligatawny - nice rich soup. If you like split pee you would love this.dildar curry - amazing! Lamb is nice and soft. the pineapple compliments the sauce well.Lots of bread so you dont need to order the assorted bread.
So let me just say that I live right next to Little India back home in SoCal and this little gem could fit right in.The food is amazing, the service is impeccable, the place is clean, they show Bollywood videos on the tv screens, and it's cheap to boot! My friend and I ate till we were about to burst and still had tons of food to take home. We opted for the meal which came with soup, appetizer, entree and dessert. We also ordered drinks and the bill came out to less than $20 each! I seriously can't say enough good things about this place. If I lived in BK I'm sure I'd be over there all the time.
King of Tandoor, I have put the garlic naan incident behind me.  You've been fast, you've been delicious, and you're my #1 for all-the-dishes-are-in-the-sink-jesus-christ-there-is-no-way-I'm-cooking-dinner-tonight takeout.  Get the Paneer Pakhani, you will not regret it.
They closed early and never told eat24. I waited for an hour before I called eat24 to find this out. Ridiculously irresponsible.
My ex-boyfriend and I would go here every Sunday. It was right next to his apartment, and we are never disappointed in the meals. The staff was super wonderful and knew us well enough to joke around with us and chat with us about the movies playing at the moment. From the wet foods, like any masala, to the dry foods, like the malai kebab, we were always impressed with the tastiness. I've been to India before, and I can say that these guys make a wonderful meal that is both tasty and pretty darn authentic.And sometimes they slide in a little extra something in our "to go" bags, like naan or a little treat. It's always delicious!I think this is the best you have around here!My favorite: malai kofta, salmon tandoori
Only Indian restaurant in my hood. And luckily some of the best Indian food I've ever had!Service at the restaurant is top notch. Waiters are dressed in vests and ties. Awesome Baliwood music videos playing in the background. They do not sell alcohol, but you can bring your own. No corking fee. Delivery is fast. Huge portions. I had leftovers for 3 days. For me, lamb is always hit and miss. Tandoor does it perfectly!Food is perfectly spices without overpowering the flavor. Great food  experience all around!
After a long week at work, I left the office and went to the gym to let off some steam. In my drive to rid myself of all the things I left behind when I turned out the office lights, I kind of wrecked my gastrocnemius a bit and found that I wasn't the happiest soul in the universe.I hobbled to the train and realized, as a lot of days go, I hadn't eaten since breakfast and it's now a full 12 hours later and after a nearly six mile run. Stomach growling, leg growling, I decided I needed to turn things around. I got out of the train a full two stops early, acknowledging my limping condition, and sought refuge from King of Tandoor.I ordered onion kulcha and chicken malai to-go, with a mango lassi to sip while I waited. Lassi arrived, delicious and deliciously presented in a nice sturdy soda-fountainy glass. No sooner had I bested 3/4 of its royal lassiness than my food emerged from the kitchen, impatiently waiting for me. I knew from this moment I would be getting real close with this meal.Hobble-hobbled home via the extremely late bus, I climbed the flights to my apartment, settled in my ad-hoc dining space and just like that, I transported myself to a plane of reality only really great Indian food can take a person. Every morsel delicious and savored. I was 100% whatever-the-opposite-of-disappointed-is, and I'm salivating at the thought of my next one-way ticket to Toothsome Town.
This isn't just the best Indian take-out place I know. This is the best take-out place I know, period. My boyfriend and I moved to this area recently and picked this place at random for quick eats one night. We keep reordering for all the other reasons people have listed here and then some:-Excellent, tasty food - we have liked EVERYTHING we've tried, and this includes all the large groups of friends we've ordered take-out with-Lots of vegetarian options-Very reasonable prices-Thoughtful, polite staff over the phone and in person-Timely delivery of well-packed foodNever been in person to the restaurant, but we'll have to. This place is a gem.
Best Indian food I've had in the city - a bit on the mild side so I always ask for extra spicy. Great customer service and super yummy food!!
My girlfriend and me just ordered dinner from there. Great stuff. Only they gave us regular naan instead of cheese naan as we had ordered. Bummer.
If you think this is worthy of 4 or 5, you need to be bundled into the back of a white van by two fat, bald men dressed in black, and then thrown out on a random street corner in Queens. My korma was bland and lacked any real heat, all that was remarkable was the sugar content.  I'm not sure where this fascination with the saccharine first occurred with Americanised Asian cuisine, but it needs to die so that I can one day get an entree in New York outside of Queens that doesn't taste like the milk leftover from a kids' breakfast cereal.
King of Tandoor might not catch your eyes when you are walking along Flatbush Ave, but if you are craving Indian food make sure you check it out.Everything we had on the menu was pretty damn good.The Vegetable Samosas were large and delicious. The chutneys accompanying the samosas were also impressive (albeit spicy, but it's Indian food right?) Our entrees (Channa Dhal and Chicken Mackhani) were also very tasty. The portions looked small at first glance but to be honest I couldn't even finish all of it.Yes, I was full but I had to try the in-house made mango/pistachio ice cream- and I couldn't stop:)
After being out all day, I really just wanted to order in for dinner tonight. Boyfriend decided on King of Tandoor because of their dinner for two.I'm normally really picky about my Indian food, so I was pleased that this food didn't disappoint. Most of the food was properly spiced, and the portions were enormous. Now we've got lunch for tomorrow as well.The vindaloo was spicy, but the saag was lacking, even though I ordered it hot. I've also had tastier rice. For the price and portions, however, this was a great choice.
Amazing chicken tikka masala.  Also the prices aren't too bad. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes Indian food.
The prices are a killer but the food is divine. I always ask for my food spicy and it delivers - my sinuses thank this place. We live down the street from this little gem and I'm so glad. I take to ordering the Vegetable Thali to go and the food usually lasts me a good two days to eat, if not more. The Aloo Kopi is okay but the Saag dish that comes with the meal makes me want to slap my momma (God rest her soul). In fact, I just finished up my leftovers yesterday and I'm already salivating for me. Will be back...probably next week, if I can make it that long.
Ordered takeout. Quick turnaround, excellent tikka masala and chicken vindaloo. Would not get the meat samosa next time, but everything else including the naan and sauces were fantastic
Ordered the non vegetarian thali platter which was awesome. It came with tandoori chicken, chicken shag, and lamb kurma. I haven't had chicken shag before but I liked it very much, the tandoori chicken was average in flavor but cooked very well, and the lamb kurma was delicious. I ordered my food hot but nothing was really spicy, I don't know if they just didn't do it or if none of these dishes are really served spicy. The rice and nan were also very good and I was easily able to split my food into two meals. Next time I'm in the mood for Indian food they will be at the top of my list.
By far the best Indian I've had in nyc. Sure it's in a quite sketchy neighborhood and they don't deliver to my neck of the woods. But if you have a chance to make it here, I really recommend that you do. The Chicken Tikka Masala and Spinach Saag are  perfect. But the one downside I will say that the portions are a bit on the small side. Maybe that's just indian food restaurants in general, but I've ordered a full entree with naan and walked out hungry before.
For delivered Indian food in Prospect Park South, this is the place to go.The Vegetable Samosas are crispy and amply filled.  The Vegetable Pakoras feed the need for deep fried deliciousness.  These appetizers are universally served with a compliment of tamarind, mint, and onion chutneys, delivering perfection to this frenzy of fried.  The tamarind is particularly good.Their vegetable dishes are reasonably priced, and the portions are generous.  The dishes are decently spicy, so you should be cautious or excited, depending on your taste for heat.  The Mushroom Shaag is amazingly handled.  The mushrooms are well done, still firm and crisp, while the spinach manages to be creamy and complimentary to the solidity of the mushrooms.The Vindaloo is where the spice really comes out to play.  They do not shy away from heat.  If you ask for it hot, you'll actually get it hot.The seafood dishes, particularly the shrimp, are inexplicably expensive.  They're delicious, to tell the truth.  Particularly the Shrimp Vindalu. but the surf options are up to 20% more expensive than the turf version of the exact same dish.  So be prepared to feel it in your hip pocket if the seafood mood strikes.On the bargain side though, should you chose the Vegetarian Special Dinner, you get a massive amount of food for what works out to be about $14 per person before tax and tip.The Naan options also do the job with flair.  Whether plain, garlic, cheese or aloo, they always show up fresh, hot, and delicious.  A great compliment to anything you could order.To sweeten the deal further, with an order for 3 to 4 people, you are almost guaranteed to have extra dishes thrown in for free.  I received the Mulligatawny soup with an order, and it was fantastic.If you're in the neighborhood and you like Indian food, you'll be happy and full of spicy deliciousness.
This is the best Indian food ever! I have frequent guests visit from out of town and I always take them there for dinner. Not only is it always a hit, but it's the one meal they rant and rave about the rest of the trip. The menu is diverse and everything I've tried has been delicious! First of all, the three sauces they serve you are incredible. They are not stingy with the sauces like other restaurants nor do they charge extra. A few of my personal favorites are the Chicken Tikka, which is moist - a rarity I've found at some Indian restaurants. I also love their Lamb Biryani, it's the ultimate comfort food! The Currys are great and the vegetarian options are endless. You can bring your own bottle of wine in and they don't charge a corkage fee which another perk. The restaurant has white table cloths and is very clean. They usually play Bollywood movies, which really make you feel you're in an Indian oasis and not on Flatbush Ave. Delivery is awesome as well and the staff is terrific. This has definitely been one of the best additions to the neighborhood.
I ordered few times deliver from this place I will not do it again! The food is just ok. And I think they pretty expensive for the area they are in. I ordered Chicken Tikka Marsala it come with just 5 little pieces of chicken with a lot of sauce and lot of rice and ordered their bread $17 dollars plus $3 tip. That is way to much money for 5 little cubes of chicken sorry!!!!
Reasonably priced, and absolutely delicious. One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to!If you like your food on the spicier side, they will not disappoint, and if two people order the same dish, and one person orders it spicy, they never get the orders mixed up. The food is aromatic and tasty, and they will not skimp on the rice if you run out.Some of our vegetarian favorites include the Aloo Motor Gobi, Palak Paneer, Shaag Daal, Chana Shaag among others. I also highly recommend the Garlic Naan, the Coconut Poori, and their Mango Lassis.If you're looking for authentic and satisfying Indian food, King of Tandoor is the place!
While in a somewhat shady part of town, this place was really good.  The food was scrumptious.A friend and I went here for dinner after our yelp elite event on Sunday, and really enjoyed it.  We ordered meat samosa, garlic naan, shrimp sag and chicken korma.  Each dish was more delightful than the last.The only thing that would have made this place perfect, was if they served beer or wine.Oh and the complimentary bowl of ice cream that came with the bill was a fabulous touch!  If I'm ever in the hood again, I will certainly return.
Lovely meal, speedy delivery. Spicy without being too hot, very flavourful, definitely will order again.
Perfectly spiced chicken curry and vegetable samosas! Not too spicy like I asked but still had a kick. I had the meat samosa as well but the vegetable samosa was wayy better and I am in no way a vegetarian. It's also really cheap for the amount of quality food that I got. And although I ordered the food as takeout and never got a chance to dine in, I have to compliment the great customer service. The man with the glasses gave me a complimentary mango drink while I waited for my food to be done. Overall, good food and nice staff!
Hands Down the best Indian food in these parts. I have tried almost every vegetarian dish offered here and I'm always pleased. Get 2-3 of the smaller portions for a variety and it's still generous enough for several meals for me. The garlic naan is delicious. I could eat from here weekly and it never gets old. Delivery is usually very fast and arrives hot.
LOVELY.  I'm very impressed that there's a goods Indian restaurant in the hood.  I never eat out here, but was craving Indian and found this place.  This place is great, and here's why:+Attentive service, albeit it's not that hard when there was only one other table in the restaurant+Complimentary appetizer thing - you know, the flat crispy bread with 3 different sauces+Good food.  They have an extensive menu, and I ended up ordering the Lamb Vindaloo and Garlic Naan.  The Vindaloo's spice was good, and did not overpower the flavor.  I was left with slightly numb lips, which means mission accomplished with the spice.  Garlic naan was decent too.+They gave me rice pudding on the house!  Woot. And it was good too, with bits of coconut in itI mean, I'm not an Indian food expert, but I've been to a number of different Indian restaurants, and had a good meal here.  They are trying really hard, down to the cloth tablecloths and cute plates (like something my best friend's Indian mom would own!)  I'm especially impressed that they are in the PLG.  Went on a Sunday night, and they had the phone ringing every few minutes, so I'm guessing they make the majority of their income on delivery orders.  Prices were decent.  I spent a total of $15 including tip.  Rice came with my curry order too, so if I hadn't ordered the naan it would've been cheaper.Definitely the Indian King of PLG.  That's for sure.
Samosa's (vegetable) are excellent with great spicy flavors. Tandoori wings weren't so great.
This is my go to delivery place. I have never ordered something that I didn't like. Some favorites are the bombay aloo, chicken tikka masala, madras, samosas, garlic nann. Sometimes I will just pick something new and it is always delicious. It is a little pricey but the portions are huge. Also, there aren't that many quality places to order from in this hood. Delivery is fast.
AWESOME!I give this 5 stars based onwhere it ispriceand how great the food is. get the veggie meal for 2, it can feed 4, seriously. the food is great. I mean, there's better indian- not not near here and not this cheap. There's normal atmosphere. Bollywood on a flat screen, that kind of thing.
Quality Indian-American food. Maybe the best in the area - it's sort of a toss up between King of Tandoor and Joy up the road, but I'd put my money on Tandoor.
Absolutely delicious food in a great location (for me). King of Tandoor is located next door to my apartment, so I've grabbed takeout a few times. I've never seen anyone eating inside. The decor is a bit tacky, including some Bollywood flicks on a flatscreen, but if it's easier for you to eat in, it wouldn't be terrible.My wife and I go with the vegetarian dishes, and we've yet to be disappointed. We've tried three naan varieties (garlic, potato, regular), and all were quite tasty. The portions are reasonably sized, but I they are definitely not huge, as some other reviews have suggested. We usually get two veggie dishes (rice included) and a naan. This is usually about the right amount of food for us -- not stuffed, but not still hungry. This comes to about $22 total, which is more than we typically spend, but if it's the weekend and we're looking to splurge a bit, this is a reliable option.The menu is very large, with lots of variety and lots of vegetarian options.Note: we ordered a lot of food (for 5 people) one time, and they included some tasty fried things (no clue what they were) on the house.
After trying *all* the Indian restaurants in Park Slope and Prospect Heights, which are merely average (including Baluchi's) I ventured across the park to King of Tandoor. I'm glad I did! I went for lunch and had the shrimp curry special. It was fantastic - fragrantly spiced, creamy, and generous (I counted 8 large shrimp). Definitely a cut above the standard Indian fare. Less than $10. Service was friendly and fast, can't wait to go back with friends for dinner.
5 stars because what the neighborhood restaurants lack in quality, health, and taste, King of Tandoor makes up for.  It isn't the best Indian food you'll ever have but it's damn good, sauce-y, hearty, cheap, and delivery is quick.  I've had the chicken tikka masala, chicken saag, paratha, and naan - all were delicious. This take-out menu is a keeper.
I was super excited when this placed opened up in PLG. like i have said many times before there are not very many places to get decent food from in my neighborhood, and much less one that delivers.The food here is pretty good and i love that they have a tandoori oven. The nan is always delicious and my boyfriend loves the chicken tikka, which i have to say is yummy. I've had the mattar paneer, saag paneer, and aloo gobi mattar, and they were all good.  I also love that the place is Byob. i only gave 4 stars because i think the dishes could be slightly cheaper considering the location of the place, and the ambiance could be nicer. I
have been there several times, each meals has been better than the previous, service is outstanding, have a question... the waiter knows exactly what the food is, and makes suggestions.. a great experience all around
I'll start with the positives since that will be quicker.The tamarind sauce was pretty good. The mushroom saag and chickpea dish were decent as well. I'm not sure what chickpea dish it was, since it's not what we ordered.We ordered around 7:30 on GrubHub and it said we should get our food around 8:15. At 8:45, I called to see what the status was and was told we'd get the food in a few minutes. I called again at 9:00 and was told the same thing. I called again at 9:15 and finally this time, they called the driver to see what the deal was. I was told he was on his way. The food finally arrived at 9:30 - that's 2 hours on an order that was supposed to be 45 minutes and 45 minutes after I called and was told a few minutes.When we got the food, as you can expect, it was not as warm as one would hope and the fried things were soggy. The soup was very salty. The malagatawney soup turned out to be just a salty lentil broth with nothing else in it. The mushroom soup was that plus some mushrooms. The vegetable samosas were mostly potato with a tiny bit of corn and peas, although the flavor was decent.When we got the food, we realized they had forgotten the extra garlic naan that we had ordered and had given us a chickpea dish instead of the dal makhani that we had ordered. The only reason we ordered from here instead of nearby Bombay Masala was the dal, since it wasn't on Bombay Masala's online menu. Needless to say, we'll not make that mistake again. When we called to tell them that they were missing our dal and naan, we were told they were going to bring it over. They never did.Moral of the story: Order from Bombay Masala. Their food is good and you'll probably be less likely to have to wait an hour and a half longer than they say you will.
dont let the small size and lack of ambience frighten because the food makes up for that! i am definitely a fan of this place for i LOVE indian food! the chicken tikka masala is delish and the chicken madras has a bite that is tolerable. another + is BYOB!! nothing more needs to be said except ENJOY!!
great food fast delivery in depth menu friendly custome service will place future oders food is excellent hot an you can tell it hasnt been sitting aroyund waiting for delivery quality restaurant!!
The food is consistently good, the staff are SO nice. A great place to go or get delivery/take-out.
Ohhh I'm so TORN!! I love the food here AND at another Indian place not too far away (Ghandi). Cant decide which I like better so I give both 5 stars. Same high quality, authentic, rich, flavorful food.  You absolutely cant go wrong with anything from the menu. I've only ordered-in from this place so no idea what the dine-in experience is like...or if they even offer it. It's just one of those places you have to be fortunate enough to live near in order to experience. It's an absolute gem!
had my indian fix here. totally satisfied. good service. i had a lamb curry. not sure what it was called but it  had pineapple in it. my bf had a chicken tikka masala? a sweeter, creamy red sauce with chicken. meal came with free ice cream
this is REALLY a 4.5 !a friend proposed getting indian food after class, and with no options that sounded worth it in the city near school, we opted to head toward our homes in brooklyn and go to king of tandoor.i've been in new york since last august, and while i LOVE indian food with all of my being (amol india buffet club class of 2006) i hadn't had it here yet. this place did everything for me that amol used to do during my undergrad at cincinnati.we had the mixed appetizer (missed all those battered  fried things), i had palak paneer (4 life), my friend had chicken tikka, and we split garlic naan. i have no complaints. NONE. everything was delicious, the portions were great (i'll be eating leftovers tomorrow, which will rule) and the prices were totally reasonable. if there's one thing i can't understand, it's when saag or palak paneer is somewhere near $14. it just makes no sense. not the case here.next time i go back, i'll surely add a mango lassi to my usual suspects ordering list. the service was friendly but not weird, i asked for mine to be totally unspicy because i am a baby and it was great! water refills like crazy (my ultimate barometer) and all the bollywood videos one could want on the television. will definitely be back. thank you for finally filling the hole in my heart left by leaving amol.
This food here is amazing for being a little spot on Flatbush. The chicken tikka masala never disappoints. Ever. I'm actually stuck on it! I want to try other things but I keep thinking they wont be as good as the chicken tikka masala!Edit: 1 year later-- I landed at JFK after a 12 hour flight from Brazil, dropped my bags off, and went here... it was closed and wouldn't be opened for 30 minutes.  I waited. It was worth it. Edit: 5 years later, you are still 5 stars. I love you, Indian restaurant.
I've never actually seen or been to this restaurant, but I've gotten delivery from them countless times. The variety of naan is pretty good, and the samosas and pakoras are decent as well. I've gotten a few things, but my favorite is the chicken tikka masala. You get a sizable amount for the price, though I've found their sauces to be a little weirdly sweet. I'm not even a huge fan of really spicy indian food--it's just something off about the sweetness. Still... in this neighborhood, there aren't a ton of cheap options for indian food delivery, so I'll probably go back.
I've only ever ordered delivery, but it is always top notch.  Can't go wrong with chicken tikka masala (rice included with every dish), mango lassi, and naan. Big portions; best food in the neighborhood!
Excellent food. Great prices. Recommend: Mulligatawny Soup, Lamb on Masala sauce, Lamb curry. Generous portions.
I was supposed to go to another Indian Restaurant on the Upper West side, I didn't feel like travelling that far anymore. I live a block away from King of Tandoor and decided that my friends and I should go there instead. I am very happy I did. The food was good. The waiters were very kind. Even after we paid our bill, we were not rushed to leave. We stayed 4 hours. We had so much fun. The Mango Lassi was amazing. Will definitely go here again.
Got delivery from here last night.  Delicious.  Tandoor chicken tasty, but could have been spicier.  Chicken tikka masala, I couldn't stop eating, a little on the sweet side though.  Beef with okra was fantastic.  Note:  we weren't sure if it came with rice because it didn't say anything on delivery.com, we were going to make rice at home, but we got two giant sides of rice that came with the meals.  So rice comes with the meal.
Normally, the food is decent here, but the last time we ordered it was not nearly as good. Wondering if it was a fluke day with the chef, or they have changed staff? We will be hesitant to order from here next time. Consistency is important in delivery!
I really like this place.  At first I thought it was just desperation for something different than jerk chicken in this neighborhood, but I've just had it for the 3rd time and it is honest to goodness fantastically delicious Indian food!  So good I bet they have their Grandma in the back making all the food.  I'm a fan!
4 stars for food, 3 stars for atmosphere....After a crazy opening week the people at King of Tandoor seem to have it together. All the dishes I have tried are in the Good-Very Good range - vegetable jalfrezi, Channa shag, mushroom shag, etc.  I like to eat them spicy and the brought out a nice sauce for us to add when it wasn't spicy enough. The sauce did the trick. The naan is good too. For the time being (I hope it stays that way) they are BYOB. Its a welcome addition to the PLG restaurant scene.
Food great, I especially love Samosas,meat or vegetables.Most times you can walk in and sit or order in.
This place is really wonderful. Such a great bargain (a 4 course meal for two for $35! and enough for leftovers for the next day!) and the food is really amazing. I would pay double for this food in Manhattan. One of the gems of the neighborhood for sure.
I work in the area and this was my first time coming here for lunch. It was nice and quiet with a good lunch special. The chicken tikka masala was delicious. Overall, a great spot that I will be coming back to.
I got the Bharta and paratha bread both quite good and the waiter  was great to us, too bad I don't live closer or I would eat here more often.
Great indian food in the middle of flatbush. Authentic and flavorful. Service is always good and laid back.
Really lovely people, great food, I'm overjoyed that I live so close to this place!Also very nice large portions for the price.  I always eat 2-3 times from one order.
I really liked this place when it opened up. However one late night I was walking home from work and decided to stop in and getting something to eat there for dinner. I had first wanted to get a big dinner I decided I wasn't that hungry and I would go with a couple of smaller options. The food was good but the services was terrible... I guess to them I didn't matter no water refill nothing the table across from me with four people had the waiter come by ever few minutes to see if they wanted something... but who cared about me... so we both finished our meal around the same time and we asked for the check. On all my other visit you get a sweet desert on the house. well the other table got there bill with the free desert and I just got the bill, I spend $20 that night but somehow that still wasn't goo enough for them... I walked out vowing to never eat their again... I have never in my life felt like I was a second class customer.
The flavor and seasoning were fine (nothing to write home about), but the lamb was inconsistent.  1/3 was great and tender, but about 2/3 of it was tough.
I've only had delivery so I can't speak to the ambiance but, wow. Not your standard mass produced Indian. Complex rich flavors, great balance of spice and sweetness. The consistent high marks are well earned. Quick delivery despite the distance!
Really delicious, well-priced food. Food holds up well in take-out and delivery. Friendly staff. Big fan of the saag paneer, shrimp pakora, their naan is to die for. The chicken vindaloo was so hot, it was inedible. Other than that, food has been a gem. It's a little on the pricey side for its location but the food and service is spectacular.
I love King of Tandoor.  LOVE.I've lived in the PLG neighborhood for four years and this place was surely needed -  don't think there are any other Indian restaurants in the area (it's mostly Roti and Chinese).The food is saucy, rich, and delicious, cheap, and they give you huge portions.  I am not ashamed to say I order from them at least once a week and that they have memorized my order.  They always have bollywood movies playing, give you free mango juice to sip on while you wait for your take-out, and everyone that works there is super duper nice.  Service and takeout/delivery is really fast.  I would give these guys 6 stars if possible.  LOVE THEM.
Chef's special raganjosh lamb is delicious. The garlic chicken or lamb is also fantastic. Vegetable samosas are nice. Paratha bread is full of flavor by itself.I haven't ordered the tandoori wings in quite some time since they cut the portions in half, but this is still one of my fav restaurants in New York. The staff is super-friendly and they'll treat ya like Norm.
Stayed at a bed and breakfast a short distance from King of Tandoor so went there for supper three nights. Very nice staff, made me feel welcome even though I was eating alone; food good.
I really enjoyed this place. Fantastic curry, great food. Service was so so but it was worth it to enjoy the spread we ordered. I am moving to Astoria, but will go out of my way to eat here again!
