Great food and service! Will be back! Fast and courteous. My go to Chinese spot when I need it.
My go-to chinese food delivery spot. Clean feel and good food. Never been disappointed yet ;).
Great Place, food tasted great and she even threw in a free 2 liter of ginger ale because of the amount we spent
The food here was as good as Jade Gourmet in Cliffside Park. It was great, no complaints about my shrimp and broccoli with pork fried rice, also a side of wonton eggdrop soup. The shrimp didn't have that strong fishy taste too it, broccoli was overpowering though and the soup was perfect. Two of my favorite dishes and was satisfied with how it came out. Only downside is, didn't really have that comfortable place to eat feel in the restaurant, also trying to look for parking might be a hassle. There's street parking with a parking meter right in front of the restaurant but usually always taken plus the street is busy and narrow.Would definitely prefer having the food delivered.
I would give no star if there is an option for it. A few weeks ago, we placed an order and waited for an hour and 15 minutes. Then we called back to check up on the status and whoever picked up the call said that it is out for delivery and the driver is almost at our house. We've waited another 15 minutes and called back again and at that point the person who picked up the call actually checked with the kitchen and our order is found out to be forgotten. We were really upset and wanted to cancel the order and they desperately asked not to they will make sure to get to our house in 15 minutes and offer 20% off on our next order. We were really hungry at that point, of course, we just went with it. Today, we called again to place an order and mentioned about 20% off credit from previous order, they completely denied of the existence of credit and put it on the worker who offered 20% credit to us saying that she is no longer working there. It is not about 20%, but the way they treat customers and not being trustworthy, I can't even trust what they put in their food. They seem like they will do anything to be cheap. We will never ever be placing an order from here anymore.
First time order for delivery tonight.  Combo order, sweet and sour chicken, friend rice (pork), egg roll and a soda.  The order arrived quickly with no errors, soda was cold and food was warm, good portion sizes.  I thought the prices were reasonable.  Will order from them again.
this places suck The chicken wings a burn they charge you money and they don't wanna give you The order that you order I do not recommend this please do not but food there
Great food, perfectly spicy as I requested "extra" and even packed an extra chili sauce in case. Hadminor mix up with my order bc I ordered to pick up but they were very apologetic and even brought my order curbside as I waited in my car. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
It was good. We ordered the spare ribs and fried rice. Nothing spectacular but it was decent. The place looked really grungy which is why I gave them 3 stars and not 4. Overall good for fast easy take out.
Shrimp in every bite and the best rolls Iv had so far, all for the most reasonable price.Bravo, this is by far the best Chinese takeaway type place Iv had.
TASTELESS!! DO NOT waste your money! Took forever to get here for got part of my order- Not worth it. I was craving Chinese so bad and did not get my fix.
Probably the best Chinese food you'll have in the area. Delivery is pretty quick as well. The coconut chicken is amazing!
great service.   delivered with a smile.   always fresh and excellent food.  General Tso's chicken and ribs is best I have ever eaten
The sesame chicken was delicious but it was not crispy. The Kung pao chicken was flavorless and soggy (never had deep fried kung pao chicken before). The vegetable lo Mein was over cooked. The scallion pancakes and crab Rangoon were above average.
I ordered steamed dumplings and Szechuan beef and it was delivered to my hotel. The dumplings were very good. The Szechuan beef was not spicy which seemed odd. I then saw some hot sauce packages which I was skeptical about. Added a little hot sauce and it was much better. I was satisfied with the quality of food, with it being delivered to my hotel.
How can I describe this establishment.. Keywords Quick! Tasty! Quality and quantity. American Chinese and authentic ChineseI always get something different and I am never disappointed.   My s/o always gets the chicken wings and they are the bomb!  Crispy,  hot,  fresh!
Good Chinese food. Very courteous hostess!!Need to increase the delivery radius though.
The best Chinese food around!  I've been to many other Chinese restaurants and always compare them to Fairview chinese restaurant great food at an awesome price!!  They have the best chicken broccoli spring rolls, egg rolls, are the best I've ever tasted.  The other restaurants don't even compare.  Other restaurants are either very oily and or don't put much filling in their spring rolls..scallion pancakes My personal favorite is one of their specialties...General Tso's Chicken.  Hands down the best around!  They which are unbelieveable!I always order a tray for parties and EVERYONE LOVES THEM!!The best tasting Chinese Food around.Great Food, Friendly Staff, Great PricesHighly Recommended!!!
The pros: delivery was fast,  food was very hot and the order was correct. The cons: the food.   Can't quite put my finger on it. It just wasn't very good.   We usually buy veggie dumplings at Costco,  and they are much better than what we received from this restaurant We also ordered shrimp and chicken with cashews.   The chicken looked and tasted like fried tofu.  I'm really not sure it was chicken.   The shrimp had a VERY shrimpy taste.  I won't know until tomorrow if the shrimp was bad.  The veggies in the dish were tons of chopped celery and carrots and mushrooms.   Brown sauce was not what I'm accustomed to. We also ordered the triple crown.  Again,  large beautiful shrimp but they might have been bad or on the verge.  Really strong smell and taste. The veggies in the dish were broccoli, baby corn, bok choy and a few snow peas. The brown sauce was also different. All in all,  I can't say we will order again but I can't say the food is terrible.   Some people may like it.
The most mediocre Chinese takeout I've ever had. I have no idea what all the high reviews are for.
Very good steamed shrimp dumplings (ha gao) and the shrimp lo mein is good and not greasy.  General's chicken a little too sweet. Anyway, I'll go back again.  Better than a lot of other Chinese take-out in the area.
Waited to order from them a second time before writing this review.  The first time was a disappointment - maybe I ordered some of their weaker dishes, and they did get one of our entrees wrong so that wasn't positive.  The second time however I tried 2 new dishes: Moo Shu Pork, and Singapore Rice Noodles.  I was a fan of both - but next time I will order each one spicier since even when I chose 'spicy' in the dropdown menu on eat24.com, it wasn't very spicy.  The Singapore Rice Noodles are good if you like a hint of yellow curry, they were almost too plain and could have used some more intense flavor, not just more spice, not many veggies in this dish but still good.  The Moo Shu Pork was vegetable heavy and had the right amount of seasoning/sauce.  Other dishes my partner likes are the Sesame Chicken and Crab Rangoons.  The Pork Lo Mein is nothing special, the egg rolls are standard, and the boneless spare ribs are good but nothing crazy.  What I don't understand is the yellow rice they serve as 'fried rice' with their dishes.  Not a fan of that at all, and the rice adds nothing to the dish but mass.  Going forward I'll stay away from any meat+rice dishes and try some of the other entree types.
My go-to Chinese restaurant in the Edgewater area. I always opt for the "white meat" option for the $1 extra because it is that much better. Spicy peanut noodles, lo mein, sesame chicken are all great options here.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! They have really good steamed dumplings and chicken broccoli  I get them all the time and they have large portions that are very well priced all in all I would recommend eating here I've not been disappointed with anything that I've tried! And the people are very nice!
My favorite thing is the shrimp with garlic sauce! Yumm yum! The best take out restaurant around the area !
After being indecisive about what to order I settled on Chinese. I then decided to try a new spot and since this place is full of glowing reviews I decided to try it out. I don't get it. What's so special?The crab rangoon was okay. I've had it from other places with better filling and tastier dough. I also ordered the wings with teriyaki sauce and they were simply mediocre as well. Next up was my shrimp lo mein. For starters it was short on the shrimp and heavy on the bland noodles. You know how good lo mein has a tasty sauce that kind of coats your lips a little? This didn't have that. It was lacking flavor and wetness leaving the noodles seem dry. I ordered the pineapple chicken for my wife to eat the next day and, while I didn't eat any, the sauce I tasted that was on the outside of the bottom of the container tasted like your run of the mill generic sauce. Next time I'm going to get off of my lazy ass and go to my usual spot up the street. The food here really embodies the "fair" in Fairview Chinese Restaurant.
Great quality Chinese food at a great price. I always order delivery so I can't comment on the restaurant if you eat in.
Sad to say I ordered last night food was horrible wings were so salty and overcooked like plastic  both sesame and plain terrible ! I ordered shrimp in lobster sauce combo also nasty np flavor rated like old fridge  plantains were too dry not happy at all this place was great but food has gone down.  Ordered spicy zechuan wontons also horrible plasticky old food taste  so I do not endorse
Based on the Yelp reviews, I ordered delivery on a Friday night: Triple Crown (chicken, shrimp and beef in brown sauce with mixed veggies) and a spring roll. First thing I noticed when I opened the bag was the multitude of condiment packets. That was RED FLAG #1. C'mon son, when does the Chinese restaurant EVER give you more than 1 packet each of soy sauce, hot sauce and duck sauce??? NEVER, that's when.Simply said, I'm convinced this place pays people to submit positive reviews. This food was ta-rash... TRASH!!  I used all 3 soy sauce packets on one half-filled plate. Tasteless!!! The spring roll was wack because it was pale and soggy and had absolutely no crunch. Hell, even the white rice was gummy. UGH!!! Not even lying when I tell you I'm scared to eat the fortune cookie.  First and last time ordering from this place. No pics with this review; I refuse to waste space in my camera roll.
There is such a thing called "going back to the basics", this is exactly what this restaurant does.First of all, it's clean.Secondly, all staff are friendly and offers quick delivery.Most importantly, the basic things like wonton soup and chicken broccoli are perfectly cooked.This sure is not Hakkasan here, but you get the best bang for your bucks.
Food was great, I had the boneless spare ribs lunch special. One of the best Chinese restaurants I have ever been too.
Great Chinese takeout. Really friendly employees. Inside the kitchen is well kept, and very clean. You should also be aware that the food comes out very hot. If you decide to eat there (they only have 2 tables) wait 10-15 minutes before taking the first bite...you'll thank me later.
I planned to visit there on the trip to Ohio due to the great reviews. What can I say? Oh yeah! Finally there is a good American Chinese restaurant after all. This is the only American Chinese place did not add massive msg or oil.Less msg and oil means healthier life. Highly recommended!
It is said that good things come in small packages. That seems apropos given the size of this restaurant and the deliciousness of the food.I have passed this restaurant many a time and, after finally having tasted their food yesterday, my only regret is that I had not stopped in sooner. The Boneless BBQ Spare Ribs were fantastic! They were cooked just so that the edges were crisp and it was smothered in sauce. The steamed dumplings were also quite delicious. Excellent service and clean, albeit small, restaurant. I can't wait to eat there again and I will most definitely put them on the top of my Chinese takeout list.
Barely any pork in the pork fried rice and about 5 shrimp in an order of shrimp lo mein. I think I'll be ordering from another take-out Chinese place next time.
This is my hands down favorite Chinese restaurant in New Jersey!  if you are looking for some great Chinese food - this is it!  My favorite two dishes are the BBQ spare ribs and the beef chow fun.  Both entrees are made with big pieces of meat and the pork fried rice is also amazing!  They've been open almost every holiday I can think of and they deliver in a timely manner.
Wow I just have to say Thank the Lord Jesus that I finally found a freggin Chinese food Resturant that is amazing  I been living in Cliffside park for 7 months now and the Chinese food is HORRIBLE needless to say I've found the answers to all my problems. And guess what thank you yelpers for guiding me with out those amazing picture I would have never found this spot, and I tried EVEYTHING !! Dumplings, beef and broccoli, sesame chicken, lo main, teriyaki wings!! I pigged out and everything was good. AMEN
Ordered take out because this place was so well reviewed.  Food tasted like it was grease drenched in MSG.  Don't go.
I ordered delivery, though a little further than their usually allowed distanced, they still delivered it for me without additional charges. The food is great. I'm also moved by their service as they could actually refuse me and I would otherwise end up being so hungry and couldnt easily find other good alternatives in this late evening
Visited this place on my trip based on a Frd's recommendation for Chinese food. what can I say other than this is really good Americanized chinese food.You must try the general Tao chicken, it's the best I've ever had so far. I also ordered the  beef Lo mein which is very tasty. I didn't expect to get authentic Chinese food like this in New York. But it didn't disappoint me at all. The price is ok for me, actually pretty cheap compared to the good quality and big portion. We had really good service as well, got served really quickly. And staffs are friendly. Would definitely come back for my next visit.
Shrimp w broccoli, Are you try ? This restaurant cook shrimp w broccoli is very very delicious. Thank you for this restaurant 's chef.Use common lo mein make delicate fine dining. you can choice with shrimp or beef or chicken or just plain is well , and with spy also good .That perfect food . give your support
Take my lunch after written test at MVC. We ordered beef with onion, spicy tofu and House Special Pan Fried Noodle. The noodle was the best!! It's an American-Chinese restaurant. They also gave us a free seaweed!! What a surprise! Total is four star, but I'll give 5 stars if I ordered online or pick-up.
I can see how locals really like the food at this place. It is a quaint little Chinese restaurant. There are a few tables to dine in but when I visited this place on a Friday night a few weeks ago, every patron who entered other than my friend and I got food to go. One reason maybe cause its hard to find parking in the area. I stumbled into this place since my place in Palisades Park closed cause the owners retired. I ordered the Wonton Egg Drop soup; something I normally don't see on the menu. I love egg drop soup and their version is great! I normally try to get something familiar when I go to a new Chinese restaurant so I ordered General Tso's Chicken. It's very flavorful and just the right tang and sweetness (I can't really describe it but you should try it, too.) Top it with their house hot sauce and it's even better. I will return soon to try their black bean sauce dishes.
FANTASTIC! Amerzing crab rangoon and boneless spare r My favorite is general Tso's chicken .Highly recomended.
I've had the sesame chicken combo and it was glorious. The lady who runs the place is exceedingly friendly. If you're looking for the best American Chinese restaurant in the area, go here. Will definitely be back.
Live in north bergen and always order from here Best food around town. I ordered here last night the delivery guy was nice and food seemed fresh i ordered boneless spare ribs and steamed veg dumplings with lo mein and crab rangoon would recommend anyone to go and try the food!
Best Chinese food around the area.  Quick delivery.  Good customer service, when I call, the lady knows exactly who I am and my favorite items.  Got to try the Seafood Mei Fun Soup, Spicy Wontons and Coconut Chicken.  So good.  My son loves the Chicken and Broccoli.
Really fast, really cheap, really good. The only complaint is that I love wonton soup and there's was beyond salty. Like inedible. Otherwise, garlic shrimp and beef and broccoli were perfect
I ended up ordering from here as a result of the online reviews. 5 Stars for this place had my hopes up and the online ordering was really a nice feature.However, their food isn't anything extraordinary. It's okay Chinese take-out. They aren't the best yet they aren't the worst.I will say the lady at the counter was extremely friendly. She offered me free soda w/ my large order and gave me a Chinese wooden scroll calendar then wished me a Merry Christmas (very nice lady).Not the best fried rice my favorite so far is from Lotus Cafe (I like mine with egg, peas, carrots, baby corn and sesame oil - so I microwaved some frozen peas, carrots & corn and added it at home). Their fried rice is pretty simple and guess it's to keep costs down.Sesame Chicken was pretty good. It was pretty crispy (I like it super crispy). I did add extra sesame seeds after plating it. I like Chinese take out places that incorporate dark chicken thigh meat - this place likes to play it safe and stick to working with white meat.Spare Ribs were good similar to many other places.Sweet & Sour Chicken was good too and consistent like any other local Chinese take-out place.Pork Egg Rolls were not great, I like places that offer it with fresh duck sauce (not the packets).Crab Rangoon was like any other local take-out.So to conclude this place is okay. There are better places if you are willing to go farther. Lotus Cafe in Hackensack, Hunan Palace in Teaneck and Petite Soochow in Cliffside Park are great places that I hold in high regard inside Bergen County.
This is the best Chinese American food I have ever tried, I love love love this place. I have a standing order of eggrolls, wontons, shredded pork or chicken and sesame chicken. They have large lunch portions until 330pm and even then,they have fried rice combos so that's pretty awesome. They serve vegetarian options, lo mein, chow mein. I'm a big fan of their house special lo mein and pretty much all their spicy food. The food is good so I'll forgive them
Very good food, great service, and very cheap! Also very fast delivery :)Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new Chinese place.. Best in the area
Yummmmmyy,best Chinese food ever, had a dinner with my friends, unforgettable experience, delicious chicken broccoli and General tso chicken. Recommended!!!!!!!!!
Great environment . Great food. In Fairview . Near by bus stop. Next to Angelos pizza.
It s the best Chinese I have found in the area. Super-fast delivery and awesome that you can order on Yelp!
Omg. I try the beef and shrimp broccoli . It is awesome taste with the different sauce they put in. I'll definitely come back and the people are nice there too.      Like the front lady XD.
Order from here often, as I live down the street!Always fast, fresh food with great service.They know me on the phone and always go above and beyond!Couldn't ask for a better local Chinese delivery!
Quick delivery. Good solid Chinese grub.
When ever I'm in the Fairview area I always look forward to stopping here for lunch or dinner. Every time I try something new and I haven't  been disappointed yet. Im almost through the menu, then I start all over. The service is friendly which makes it very inviting. Ill be back there soon.
Authentic Chinese food fast great ingredients well prepared and cooked excellent two thumbs up
Not only is the young lady answering the phones and cashiering the sweetest employee I have ever had the pleasure to meet at a take-out restaurant, their food is excellent and very fairly priced.We have especially enjoyed the fried half-chicken and the chicken with broccoli. The soups have all been very good, the delivery is always speedy.My favorite part of going into their establishment (which is small and with very limited seating) is the fact the young lady's daughter's educational accomplishments are taped up on the mirror for visitors to see.
We order from this restaurant ALL the time !  It is fast, economic and best of all REALLY GOOD FOOD. The crab & cheese wontons are delicious, we always get them with every order...they are the best !!!They are very friendly and delivery is great. No mistakes and hot on arrival.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
The delivery was super fast and the The food is great I always order from here and I never had a problem that they got my order messed up like some other Chinese places
Very nice people....quick with you order,always get everything correct.....no mistakes that I have ever experienced....I love it.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. Clean, delicious and fast delivery! Their garlic sauce is better than any I've ever tried.  Have never been disappointed with any item we order.
Really great quality food. I would say it is the best in definitely. I have been here 3 times now and each time it was delicious.  Give this place a try. I would give it ten stars if it was possible! Thx
Looked at the past review and thought since I have had a hard time finding a place i should try it. And couldn't be more pleased. The lomein was delicious. I don't know too  about them  but I'm excited to order again. Also they were pleasant and excited to hear good reviews. Worth giving a shot.
the lady  at the front desk is  so nice very nice person ! she is always smiling  the HOUSE Special  LO MIEN  is my   favorite(_) so gooooood  and  i like there house special fried rice  and there bbq ribs  this   Chinese  is the best around the  area.     other Chinese food around this area do sent taste good this the only one i go too around this area! don't forget to stop by!(  °   °)
I love this place! I've been ordering from here for years. My son loves it here too and he is a frequent customer. My favorite is the chicken and broccoli. I've ordered ribs, lo mein everything is tasty!  Definitely recommend it :) plus the young girl at the register is always so pleasant and nice.
Amazing food! Best American style Chinese food since I left New York. Hands down. Everything is always delivered fresh and hot. Not like some places that deliver mushy food from condensation. The lady who takes the orders on the phone always is super friendly. It's nice to have someone talk soo nicely and be soo accommodating to any questions or changes you would like. Delivery guy is always prompt and friendly. Oh, before I forget to mention, the portions are enormous! Enjoy!
Best Chinese food I have ever eaten. I love this place always super fast delivery and great sized meals for the prices.
I decided to give Fairview Chinese another chance since my normal go to Chinese spot is no longer as good as it was. I ordered a couple of times and it was OK. The last time I ordered bbq spare ribs, buffalo wings, and an orange chicken combo. They called to let me know they were out of BBQ spare ribs. I opted to get crab rangoon instead and asked that the price would be adjusted (its a cheaper item) and the guy insisted yes. I also had asked if instead of breaded chicken they could just give me steamed chicken mixed in with the orange sauce, I would have paid extra for it. The guy on the phone stated that there was no way they could do this because the chicken is already breaded. Strange, considering every chinese restaurant I know offers steamed chicken in dishes on their menu. This also tells me that this food is not made fresh to order. On my online order I also requested a diet coke and fortune cookies with my meal. When I recieved my order, the delivery boy did not even greet me when I opened the door, but literally shoved the bag in my hand and walked away. He actually almost dropped it because i hadnt fully grasped it before he starting walking away. I was given no receipt to sign, no copy of my bill, no hello, no good bye, nothing. My orange chicken was soggy (even though light on the sauce, def not fresh) My "buffalo wings" were just breaded soggy wings with a watered down buffalo sauce poured on top, and I recieved a ginger ale and no fortune cookies, although it was clearly stated on my order. The only decent item in my order was the crab rangoon, which was delicious. On top of all this, they NEVER adjusted my bill and fully charged me the price had I received the BBQ ribs. I basically overpaid for garbage food. This experience basically taught me that A. Their food is NOT fresh B. They consistently make errors and dont pay attention to their orders C. They dont care about their customers. I order food all the time, but I will NOT order from this place again!
Food is good and price is not expensive. A lot of variety to choose from and service is friendly.
Their crab Rangoon is the best in town !love the service they provide and love their Mei fun noodles . All the food was fresh and hot when it was served ! Definitely recommended for all !
The food here is always good and prepared really quick. I'm always greeted with a smile when I pick up my food. It's my favorite Chinese food takeout place in the area.
I love their food. Chicken broccoli and sesame Chicken are really tasty!!! Will def come back again. Must try~ : )
Had them deliver last night -- the food arrived promptly. I had the garlic wings, bbq spare ribs, pork fried rice, and moo shoo chicken, all of which I found to be very satisfactory. I would give five stars but I was really drunk so I'm not sure if it's as good as I thought it was at the time, but it may well be. I'll definitely get my next batch of Chinese food from them, and if sober and still as good as I recall, I'll bump 'em up to five.
The best Chinese in the area!! The food is amazing and delicious. The place is very clean and fresh.  Our office is nearby and we eat there once a week.  The hostess is so nice and friendly.  You have to try it!!
Even though we just moved to the area, fare view has become our favorite place for Chinese food. The food is great and price is fair, most importantly the people there are really nice. Whenever we are too tired of making meals ourselves, fairview is always our first choice for food. And they deliver!!!
Def my fave Chinese take out in the area not only is their food amazing but they even offer you cool gifts. For the holidays we got a beautiful Chinese zodiac calendar just for ordering with them. My fave is the way they make their wonton soup with fried onions.
Yeah, this place is amazing. The crab rangoon and wanton soup of this world. Everything is always HOT and will stay HOT for a surprisingly long time. They have NEVER gotten my food wrong in all the years I've been going. In fact, I order the same thing so often that I don't have to speak more than a sentence when I call in before they tell me they know what I want and it'll be 10 minutes. Such friendly people. I love Fairview
Nice small take out place.  If you're looking for a great place to have Chinese food, this is the place.  Fresh food. Very clean Just right.  Best orange Chicken all of here area and believe me, bbq ribs is also excellent. And fried dumpling is fantastic Try this place or miss out.so I m chinese too
We ordered 5 dishes: Hot & Sour Soup, Beef Chow Fun, Singapore Rice Noodles, Beef Lo Mein, and Shrimp with Cashew Nuts. We also received a free bonus dish (for ordering $35 or more) of General Tso's Chicken. All dishes were wonderfully prepared, and fresh. The couple running this family business are eager to please and friendly. The husband runs the kitchen and the wife is in-charge of the front. They are so proud of their daughter's academic achievements, they post her Honor Roll certificates on the restaurant's wall.
The best Chinese food,I always order Chinese food in different places but let me tell you this is the best place to order !!! my favorite dishes are the sesame chicken, chicken lo mein, chicken broccoli, BBQ Ribs and soups are very tasty, I just say wow I'm so happy I find this place close to my house :),delivery is fast even in cold weather or  if they are busy always fast, the lady always answer  the phone very cordial and happy, the prices are good,a large amount of food I never can finish my dish, high recommended !!!
Love the Spring Rolls and Orange Chicken. Good service and a friendly atmosphere. We will be back again soon.
We order here all the time and are always extremely satisfied with the food and service. Delivery is extraordinarily quick most days. Today for instance ,our order arrived 15 minutes after we put it in and that quick service is not unusual . Highly recommend this place for simple,good food.
Love this place!  Best chinese food in the neighborhood! Always a winner!  Delivery service is great.  Courteous staff.
Beat food around! Coco is very sweet CUSTOMER SERVICE, super fast delivery. Chicken and broccoli is  heaven.
This restaurant is really awesome and incredible. i went with my friend to try their food. Definitely, try their Japanese Ck, boneless rib, ck brocoli!!!! Really tasteful and awesome!!! People there are super nice than other places!! I have order their food for almost a year but without any boredom!! Try it, you will love it !!!
Fairview Chinese restaurant is my love go-to place for delivery Chinese. I have not found better fast food Chinese in this area and it is some of the best I have had in my life. The delivery guys are always extremely friendly. They make it clear that they remember us and appreciate our business. Their sesame chicken is phenomenal with vegetable fried rice. Chicken wings, chicken broccoli, boneless ribs are also delicious. Prices are reasonable and worth it. So when i'm craving Chinese, there's no doubt where I'm ordering from.
The quickest Chinese food delivery to Edgewater I've experienced! I ordered through Yelp, and the order was delivered so fast the food was still hot. The food was good. Not heavy on the sauce or seasoning. And they even remembered to include chili oil I had asked with the order. I'll order from them again.
Excellent service, and the food was so delicious , especially the wonton. the waitress are friendly. This is a good Chinese restaurant.
This place is truly the best I have ever tasted the boneless spare ribs are great! The flavor is so rich, sesame chicken is also very good best I ever tasted the sauce is perfect. The beef and broccoli is so good truly the best of the best. i will definitely have to eat
I love the spring roll there.  its amazing!   chicken with broccoli and sesame chicken are pretty cool, sauce is tasty. my friend live in edgewater and we always eat here.  I just ordered yesterday. so good and nice.
I absolutely love this place! The food is incredible, service is amazing and the delivery is absolutely exceptional. So fast and courteous! My husband and I love fair view!
The Lomein is perfect. Taste very good. And chinken with broccoli is delicious. Bbq ribs is good also. The sauce was great. The best Chinese I ever had.
The best beef lo main ever!! My friend had the garlic shrimp, hers was good but she couldn't get her hands off of my plate!!
I visited a friend in the area she order here food i love the garlic Chicken and General Tso's chicken  I highly  recommend!
I was relieved to finally find a Chinese restaurant near Edgewater that didn't mess up on pork fried rice.  The food was great- we ordered boneless spared rib platter, chicken lomein and fried pork dumplings.  We got free sodas for spending over $20.  We picked up the food and cashier was pleasant. We will definitely order here again.
Super nice people, the food is fresh and prepared fast , it is very good value and tasty!I find it clean too!! my go to Chinese
I have been coming to this restaurant for years, the staff Is friendly. The food is always fresh and clean. This is the best Chinese restaurant in Fairview. I love this place.
visiting nj and this place is oh so good. their sauce is prepared right on the spot, will be back again soon~
Easy online ordering through Yelp and a quick delivery within Fairview. Food is perfect.
It really is the best!  My wife actually gets physically excited over the Mongolian Beef, their House Special  lo mein is great and their Boneless Spare ribs is fantasist Plus, their orange chicken really are the best in town!
Definitely the best chinese delivery food I've ever tried. The ingredients are always fresh, they taste good, and the delivery is fast. I would not order chinese food from anywhere, not unless I move!
Their delivery service is extremely fast, which is great when you are starving.I highly recommend their orange chicken. I had some a few days ago and still am craving for some more! Their other dishes are absolutely delicious as well. Definitely my go to Chinese Restaurant for take out. Everything was just far beyond enjoyable.
I wouldn't know if the food is good or not here. I recently moved to the area and I called for delivery, lady on the phone told me she would need to call me back after talking to her boss because she didn't know where I was and hung up on me. Her boss???  I'm sure she had no intention of calling back. I called back after I googled directions to say I am 3.2 miles away.  The guy on the phone yelled out she's 3.2 miles away and the lady responded too far and hung up on me. Literally just hung up on me without a word.  Anyone else who has ordered here live outside the 3.2 miles away?
Food is great, their clean and friendly. The lady at the front, she's on point about her customers. I forgot I get a free soda, she remembered and at that my favorite soda Jupena. Best pineapple soda. When your fav Chinese food spot remembers little details like that, makes you want to come back.   :) Keep up the good work
Wow. the food is amazing.love the boneless spare and shrimp with garlic.Delivery was really fast.
Good place for Chinese take out in the Fairview area; service was quick and the price is reasonable. I don't recommend eating there as their "dining area" is very small, so you have customers standing next to your table waiting for their orders while you are having your meal. However overall it's a great place for take out.
They have the best beef and broccoli, and the ribs are amazing!  Theyre the best chinese restaurant in Fairview :) And the chinese lady shes so nice! And the soda is always really cold just how I like it.
I was trying to find a quick food around this area and found this place.... Order a few plates to take out, chicken with broccoli, lo mien are all good but I must say the Sesame Chicken is the best I have ever have! Too bad the restaurant is not where I live but I will totally recommend this place and especially there sesame chicken....
Grandfather Chicken(General Tso Chicken) is off the chain!!!! It's so yummy, we've tried this dish at many places and this one is the best! The people are very friendly also.  I've never been treated so nice on the phone, or when I've dined in at a restaurant. Great job, you guys have certainly earned your 5 stars
Overall best chinese spot in the area. Love their sesame chicken. Some times they forget little things but the food is worth it. Also love the woman who works there. She is sweet and very attentive.
This was our favorite Chinese delivery joint when we lived in North Bergen back in '08... we moved to North Cackalacky, came back to WNY,tried some places closer to our new digs, and Fairview still reigns as our go-to.Two words: Szechuan WontonsThis is the only local place I've found that makes them. They're simply boiled wontons swimming in a spicy sauce... 12 come in an order and they are ADDICTIVE. Everything else they make is tasty -- the chow fun and lo mein are solid, as are their roast port in oyster sauce, shrimp in black bean and your standard chicken with broccoli... but the wontons are the wow factor for me.Delivery is always speedy (even when they're busy) and food always arrives piping hot (which is saying a lot, since we don't live quite so close by anymore). And did I mention that they're open to 11pm like, every night?! Yeah. Pretty killer.
If you are feeling very hungry or just in the mood for a little something to snack on, this is the greatest place for oriental food. They deliver to my house always & they never get the order wrong. Their food is fresh, they keep the restaurant clean The crab rangoon is awesome but the shrimp lo mein is to die for!! Great taste, great prices & great services!!! Thanks my friends!
You have to know what to order here but some things are really delicious. The hot and sour soup is really good; comparable to PF Chang's hot and sour soup (also really good!). They have chicken teriyaki sticks which are inexpensive and pretty good as well. My favorite thing here is the GARLIC WINGS--really delicious. I am not a fan of the lomein here; they overcook it and the sweet and sour shrimp was too doughy for my taste. But if you order correctly--this place can be really good.
I went there yesterday and the food was great ! I had to order the same food in other place and it was not as good as I had over here in Fairview . And it's a place I would definelity go back to ! And I would advise my friend to go there also ! And  the people that work there u guys would see me as a regular now love you guys food keep it up
so glad we found this chinese restaurant!! the egg rolls, dumplings, lo mein- everything is amazing!! this is now my go to place!
