Got the lunch special. Food was very bland and about as basically prepared as can be. It kind of got the job done but I didn't get any enjoyment out of eating there. The fact that be lunch special is only $7 is all you need to know.  Stay away.
Love love love! The atmosphere is cozy and homey like they've been around for years. The owner is a small sweet lady and the food is really great! Much better than that place next door.
This is my kind of place. When you live in Brooklyn, sometimes you just want to say "screw vibe, elegance, & trendiness... Give me a pile of awesome food for cheap!!" &  then they give it to you. Spinach, lentil, chick peas, cabbage, okra, potatoes, fish, lamb, beef, chicken, goat, kabobs......... damn. Nothing sucks here. The great thing about this place is you can eat extremely healthy or not. Huge value & flavor here. Go here when you're hungry. Don't go here when you're trying to make your way up the corporate or social ladder.
Great food, great service, atmosphere is a bit run down but who cares when the food tastes so great!If you're not used to AUTHENTIC Indian food & spices, take it easy here, it may cause you some stomach troubles.
This is by far the best Indian food I've ever had!!! The best chicken masala ever and I don't even really like Indian food!!! It's totally a hole on the wall and was recommended by our cab driver. We loved it so much, we had it 3 times while we were visiting NY. We were only there for 4 days! We even had the leftover for breakfast! I wish they had this stuff here in California. Sometimes I still think about it and crave it. :(
I have been recommended to try Lasani by an Indian friend, and he couldn't recommend me better ! You eat so well for $10, they even let me try some dishes because I was not an expert in indian food. And the naan (indian bread) is delicious !! they bring it to you hot from the kitchen, freshly made. Lovely people also !
Food is very delicious and tasty, price is cheap however the place is shabby looking and it do need a makeover.
Below the restaurant is masjid arrahman. The mosque is quite spacious for prayers. Outside, Al Quran and other muslim books are sold.
Idk how they r still in business. This is the second time they missed my order . if your are calling for delivery they will probably fuck u up. Angry customer
very good food especially all the chicken dishes. The Goat dish was very salty. I took the food as take out and had it for dinner during ramamdan. A great place for Halal food. The chicken marsla was probably the best dish at the restaurant along with chicken vindaloo which was not too spicy. I have now tried all three Halal restaurant on this strip and this is the best of them all. Inexpensive and tasty.
Alright, it was very tasty, and the owners were nice.  But I got a mild case of food poisoning and had to run home about an hour after eating there.  To be fair, it could have been my unaccustomed stomach.  Would probably go back for the curry :)Also, pretty sure it's primarily Pakistani food.
Most disgusting restaurant I've ever been to. Found HAIR and FISH EYES and whole baby fish in my vegetarian dish--there is no fish option on the menu. When I told a worker about what I had found in my food, he said he was sorry and did not do anything about it. Very unsanitary (obviously) and unhygienic would not recommend this place to ANYONE.
