The food here is excellent and so is the $14 lunch buffet price.  They had a good variety of buffet offerings on the weekday my group went.  My favorites were the Chicken Tikka Masala, Onion Bhujia, a lentil dish (Tadka Dal?), and a chickpea  potato dish (Chana Masala?).  They brought out a basket of warm naan, and we ordered a separate garlic naan which was delicious.  The booths are roomy, and the decor is very modern/loungey.  All of the staff is super friendly.  Looking forward to bringing my fiancé for dinner.
Offers a variety of Food however it is surely not very fresh or tasty as other Indian restaurants nearby. Place is too crowded  hotel manager is very rude.
Nice surprise dining at Simon Indian tonight.  Found the restaurant on Yelp, read a few nice reviews and decided to give it a try -- and very glad we did.  The people who work there are so nice!  Very helpful, gracious, and fast service.  We found the food amazing.  Had the Samosas, as well as the crispy cauliflower appetizers -- outstanding.  Highly recommend the vegetable biryani (also outstanding), and the dahl makhani.  Good portions, well prepared, with wonderful  service = a great dining experience.  We will go back for sure.
Best buffet and drink special ever. $13.99 for unlimited food and naan, plus one free drink. Definitely coming back if I'm in the area.
Was really hoping for a great Indian since I live nearby but it just didn't cut the mustard. In comparison to most Indian restaurants I nyc this is actually good, but it just  not 4 or 5 stars. I'm looking for something that's like a curry house in London.The lamb like most lamb in nyc just tastes a bit too fatty, and there was so much oil. I'd like to say I would order again but I don't think that's gonna happen.
It's almost impossible to find Indian restaurants in the US that sell onion bjhajees. Why? They're so popular in the UK... Anyway, I was excited to stumble on this place one afternoon. But when I went back in the evening for dinner there was a notice on the door saying the restaurant was closed for a private event. It was my last night in New York before returning home to California, so I was very disappointed. But the proprietor saw me outside looking on Yelp for alternatives and asked if I wanted a table. He then very kindly setup up a table at the front of restaurant. The food was amazing (including the onion bjhajees)! I was very grateful to them for accommodating me, but they were just sorry they couldn't give me a regular table and provided salad and dessert on the house! A wonderful experience and great food. Highly recommended.
I went with my friends for dinner on my birthday, I can't wait to go back again. The waitstaff was very nice and pleasant. They were able to suggest several items we enjoyed. Try the crispy cauliflower!! Everything was delicious.
Great Tandoori and North Indian dishes carefully prepared by master chef Miraj being served with knowledgeable and attentive staff. Highly recommend and will come back soon with larger group. Cheers !!!
Amazing brunch! Buffet with great service. Complimentary drinks and dessert as well for a good price. Very nice people. Yummy food!
Placed an order online. Restaurant called to say that what I wanted was unavailable and asked me to choose something else. I said it was no problem, and that I'd just order from elsewhere and try them some other time. They refused to cancel/refund my order. Thankfully was able to get the credit card charge refunded by other means! Extremely poor customer service and shady practices.
Gave me a foodgasm in my pants and my shirt and my undies jaksjssklalaskddjdjdjr dufjfjfkflslslssoe djfifjrkrkleld dkfkfkdmr
Clean, quiet, polite staff, variety of food in the lunch buffet, and $13.99 for three hours. The wait staff kept my water glass full non-stop. The tables have white cloth covers and cloth napkins. It is an excellent lunch option with decent Indian food. At the time of this writing, there was a $10 box takeout option too. It's nice to run into a place like this- so I wanted to share it with everyone else.
Everything here is delicious, and the prices are reasonable. The staff is polite and helpful. It is a great spot and is kid friendly, also they deliver.
New open Simon Indian palace restaurant in Midtown.  we were  going for lunch buffet in Chola restaurant last Monday. But I saw restaurant yuva now Simon Indian palace  and we were looking thru glass from outaide.  We were 5 didn't have any plan to go inside but a young guy saw us from inside and came up out to offer us take a look their buffet. Wow I saw over 15 items on the buffet also offering Naan bread. Honestly speaking it was so good food and very friendly servers. The main part is buffet only $13.99 and lunch box to go $10 only. I really love this place I will go again. I strongly recommend  to visit this place once...
It's a new Indian restaurant and we decided to try it out. The interior is spacious, comfortable and elegant, you are not jammed in like a lot of NYC places; and the service was excellent. But the food is what earned this its five star rating, it was fabulous, everything, from the naan, to the chicken tikka to the desserts. Well worth the trip.
My husband and I had a great meal here last night.  The food was really fresh and tasty, and the service went above and beyond.  When I told our waiter the baingan  bharta (eggplant) was a little spicy for me, but very good, he insisted that the chef make me a fresh one with just a bit less chili and it was absolutely perfect.  The manager treated us to a complimentary rice pudding for dessert.  From the moment we walked in, the wait staff was extremely attentive and friendly, making for a great atmosphere.  They don't have a liquor license yet, but expect to have it in a couple weeks.  We will be back!
If you find yourself in midtown and craving some authentic Indian cuisine, definitely stop by Simon Indian Palace. One of the best new Indian restaurants I have stepped foot in after a long time. The atmosphere alone will make you want to come back again and again. The waiter greeted my wife and I as soon as we walked in and sat us quickly.  Right in front of us was a glass window which gave us a view of the chefs at work making traditonal indian naans. Dinner and a show, what a great way to end the night. We started our meal with some samosas and chicken tikka. The chicken tikka was well seasoned and the chutney sauce made the samosas just melt in your mouth with every bite. For the main course our waiter recommended the salmon steak and oh my god, as I took every bite I was torn, I couldn't resist the heavenly taste but the more I ate, the less I had left. This was one of those situations where you wish you could have your cake and eat it too. Simon Indian Palace has definitely earned their place in our hearts and our stomachs. Can not wait to come back again. 5 stars all the way.
