Had the lunch buffet at Chola yesterday and while I'm usually quite weary of buffets, this one was surprisingly good!- Lots of variety for both meat eaters and vegetarians.- Food seemed fresh for the most part.- Loved the mini dosas that came to the table.- Husband loved the naan and chicken drumsticks that also came to the table.- Price was decent at $18 and we left quite full.- Service was fine, nothing too quick or friendly but nothing to complain about either.- Restaurant was nice enough but the restrooms were not very clean.Overall this is a great place for picky people that don't want to wait too long for food (this is us, every weekend). I highly recommend trying the buffet out.
Ordered a simple butter chicken dish for pickup. Service was good. Restaurant had a nice ambiance. Unfortunately the chicken they used in the dish had tons of bones and cartilage... it was as if they chopped up the whole chicken drumstick and put it in there, especially the ends. The meat was roaster (weird??) over-cooked and dry and seemed like it was added to the sauce after the fact. Wanted to love it because everything else was seamless, but was very disappointed in the chicken.
Came here on the weekend with a party of 4. Perhaps my expectations were high because of all the good things I'd read about the lunch buffet, but my experience leg s lot to be desired. Let's start with the good:Good :They got a baby seat for my friends baby, the restaurant is a decent size, once you're sitting it feels quite comfortable and conducive to a good chat. The waiters brought us water constantly and they were attentive to bringing us Tandoori chicken and naan. (Seriously though guys, why can't you offer more vegetarian options? It's an Indian restaurant for Christs sake)Bad :A long list. Firstly the lighting wasn't too great here. I felt the front of the restaurant was enshrouded in darkness, gave a cheap feeling to the place. And the darkness extended over part of he buffet table too. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting when I went in there, there was water and food splattered everywhere. On the way to the bathroom the kitchen is exposed, and it really makes the restaurant feel cheap. Our party arrived around 2 pm and close to or after 3 pm the staff really didn't want us there.The food - the buffet felt very underwhelming. Dishes were not warm. There were just 3 vegetable entrees . The idlis looked dry and stale , and there was no chutney around to ring them to life. The chaat options were really really crappy. I think the only redeeming factor of my experience at this restaurant was the fact that I was meeting my friends here after so long. The buffet on weekends at least was overpriced for what you're getting. Wishing I'd taken my reservation to Dhaba instead. Not recommended!
It was a weekend of celebrations or a friends birthday and he said would like to come to Chola for lunch buffet. At weekends its $15.95 each plus tax and tip. I looked at the buffet dishes and it looked cold to me so I asked the waiter the buffet is hot and fresh or should I order something fresh from the menu. He assured me it was fresh and hot as they have a burner underneath. My friend arrived 20 minutes later and the dining began.Sadly the dishes were cold, I should have realized because the staff just stood around, they were not stirring the food. Also during the entire time their did not see the use of any temperature probes. Final giveaway was mixing fresh food on top of food already out.The other thing that put me off this place is the server came out with fresh mini dosa and later tandoori chicken leg. Then when they came out second time they avoided the tables that had received a dosa or chicken leg earlier, I could understand that they approach tables first who haven't been offered but it felt very much like once and that's it. To make people eat less as with so many buffets the food was oily and I ended up with indigestion afterwards.I informed them we were having lunch to celebrate my friends birthday and both waiters I mentioned it to looked blank as if to say what's it to do with us.At dinner time in Malai Marke as detailed in my next review, a nice touch was when I informed them it was my friends birthday they brought out two mini gulab jamun in a plate with a candle in one and the waiters gathered round to sing Happy Birthday.
Amazing food! The service was excellent! I loved that the food came out sizzling hot on a cart pushed by the chef. The atmosphere was comfortable and cozy with a hint ethnic music in the background. We will definitely be back!
I accidentally left my purse here the other day during lunch. When I came back I was told the person who "found" the purse had just stepped out and wouldn't be back for another hour. So I walked around and came back and hour later to find that this person still had not come back. The man I spoke to insisted that he didn't know where the purse was. After pressing him, he finally took it out but told me that I couldn't have it until the man came back so that I could thank him. I insisted that he had no right to hold on to my personal belongings, and he reluctantly handed over the purse and asked that I leave money as a thank you. When I did not, mostly because I was aggravated that he had lied and made me wait around for an hour, he called me names and told me to get out.Horrible people run this place. The food was ok, but I will not dine with crooks.
Came here for a lunch buffet.  Very reasonable price and good food.  It wasn't too spicy, actually I would have liked a little more spice in a couple of dishes.The nice thing is they bring naan as well as a few other items to your table.  Other buffets put the naan out and it disappears faster than good taste at a Kardashian family reunion.  So bringing it to the table is nice.
This is my go to place for Indian food. Has a good mix of North and South Indian dishes.
We had a truly fabulous Indian dinner here. The food was amazing. Fresh, well prepared and with wonderful spicing.  The service was excellent.  The waiter took as a challenge the food restrictions of one in our party.  He had the kitchen improvise a bit and the results were just great.I'm more than glad to recommend Chola.
This is by far the worst Indian food I have had. The chicken is like rubber .. I ordered the chicken biryani and the kori gassiThe chicken was the same for both .. looks like it was cooked a week ago .. texture felt like rubber and im not even kidding ... they just mixed the rice for the biryani and put some sauce for thr curry with the same chicken ... it was so bad .. i cant imagine how this restaurant has 4 stars .. I would have given negative stars if I could ... you would expect better quality in new york I would hope? Please avoid at all costs ..
Great food. Good wine. Very attentive staff. Gets a 4 because we asked for portions with less chicken and more sauce but we still got a normal portion with a lot of chicken. Overall a super great place with good food.
4.5 stars.  Minus .5 star for price and rice cost and the frightening homeless guy situation.At $75 including tip for a meal for two, Chola certainly isn't your cheap Indian takeout meal.  To be fair, we did order a good amount of food and went home with leftovers.Service - excellent serviceAtmosphere - I liked that it felt a little but like fine dining with the decor and the constant change of utensils and plates and what not.  The noise level was medium and I liked that you could have a conversation without yelling and that it wasn't too quiet.  Somehow a homeless man got into the restaurant trying to use the restroom while I was dining and caused a scene that was somewhat frightening... how he got inside in the first place, I have no idea.Food:Imli eggplant veg starter - thinly sliced fried eggplant covered in tamarind chutney and chaat masala - not a very large serving, but this was flavorful thanks to the chutney and quite crispy on the outside as well.Lamb pepper dosa - this thing was massive, as expected for a proper dosa.  The outer was crispy and it was so packed with lamb inside.  Level of spice was great for me, but will probably be spicy for many others.  I absolutely love love loved the sambar (soup) that came with it... so flavorful!  I need to find out how to make it myself.Chicken murgh - slightly on the sweet side, but oh so good.  That sauce... mmm.Garlic naan - some of the best garlic naan I've had in the city. No question about it.Coconut rice - $9 for a side of rice!  Ridiculous!  However, it was fragrant and went well with the chicken murgh.Chola also provides free little side dishes at the beginning and during your meal.All this came out to be $75 including tip, which is definitely on the pricey side, but the taste was great all around.Would come back here for "fancy" Indian food for sure.
My wife and I were craving Indian whilst at work. Ordered Tikka chicken Marsala with the aloo gobi - all with a side of naan to share. Spice and flavor were ok but lacked the depth of many other restaurants in the city. Naan was too "breads" and lacked the thin crisp style we've grown accustomed to. A good option in a pinch or for an affordable work lunch.
VERY RUDE!The server skipped us to other people at the beginning. Probably because we are Asian? Also very rude when we were ordering.
I love good Indian food and Chola definitely hit the spot.I got a little worried when I we came in and saw very fancy decorations... In my mind good Indian food is normally found in a hole in the wall where the inside looks like your Indian buddy's house. The dinning room was somewhat bare, there was a larger family celebrating a birthday... Not really the crowd you would expect at 7pm.The service was a little slow but the staff made up for it by apologizing and giving us some samplers.The food was top notch.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala, and the lamb masala with naan and coconut rice.The spicier lamb masala was rich with tomato and meaty flavor.  The chicken tikka masala was done perfectly. The garlic naan is one of my favorite carbs and helps me soak up every last bit of sauce from our dish.We cleaned our plates and will definitely be back for more!
Great service good price and yummy drinks. Very food lunch spot with an authentic Indian buffet.
Best authentic Indian food I have had in NY!I ordered Paneer Khurchan and a Paneer Cheese Naan! This came with some Dal, Rice and a Dessert! The Naan was soft and stuffed with Paneer. The Khurchan was spicy (since I asked for it) and very tasty. I go here again and again
Good restaurant. The owner goes out of the way to make things right and be hospitable. They have good food during lunch buffet with excellent choices of a variety of dishes. I do recommend the restaurant.
This is a nice place for Indian food. They have a lunch buffet and the menu is always good. They also give extra box for desert for lunch to-go. The only downside is the food is too oily to be consumed on a more frequent basis. For once in a while, this place is good.
The food here is good. No doubt about that. The inside is fairly modern for an Indian spot and I'll forgive them for the cheeseball 'fake library' wall paper in the back. Here's the problem(s)... They own several other restaurants in NYC, mostly serving the same items. Yet, an order of Aunt Murli's Chingri Malai Curry costs you $4 more here. Love Chicken Tikka Masala? $2 more here. Want a Spice Club dish with shrimp? $4.50 more. You get the point. It adds up. Should you want a cocktail, good luck. Apparently, they don't serve many here as the fruit in our drinks was all dry and whittled. Yuck. I don't want to Debbie Downer this place and as I mentioned earlier, the food is good. Paying a different price for the same item is a pet peeve of mine. For me, I'll save $15 and eat at their other spots, which are just as good. But if you're in the area and don't mind dropping a few extra bucks, stop by for sure!
You guys have got to be kidding me with this place. Best Indian Cuisine? For realsies? Y'all need to visit Edison, New Jersey...or Jackson Heights.I have to admit that I enjoyed their baingan bharta immensely, despite the fact that it was cream-based whereas normally when I have it, it's done entirely without dairy. Their garlic naan was also hard to argue with. But then my friend ordered a veggie platter as an appetizer. When we asked the server what it would entail, he muttered something about vegetables and samosas. So we were like, sweet, our veggie platter will come with samosas! Done deal, right? The platter arrives heaping with fried balls of dough and Samosas. No vegetables in the veggie platter, though I guess you could count the tiny sliver of pepper underneath a pound of dough a vegetable. The samasos, too, were underwhelming. We basically just ended up sharing my eggplant dish and naan and trying to extricate the tiny slivers of vegetables from their doughey oppressors. I guess the moral of this story is not to order the veggie platter, but it did kind of ruin the experience for me.
I love this place. I am usually buzzed on the mango martinis, but everything I've ever ordered has been perfect. My faves: garlic naan, bot kabob masala, lemon rice.
Nice range of selections at the lunch buffet but to be honest the food was just okay overall. Also, the fact that chicken tikka masala wasn't an option at a lunch buffet was rather mindblowing to me. I would come again if I were craving indian lunch buffet but would also want to try other options first. This was the first time I had tried Indian food in New York City, and it definitely made me miss the much better and cheaper options back in California.
I went to Chola because I was looking for a decent Indian food place in midtown east where I could eat lunch quickly and for a decent price. I went during the lunch buffet and had my usual Indian food choices: chicken tikka masala and saag paneer. Both were very tasty; the saag paneer was creamy and pretty spicy. The tikka masala was creamy too and the chicken was well trimmed (no cartilage or fat, as I've seen in some Indian places), but it wasn't as spicy. The only real complaint I have is that going there as one person and sitting at a table, there is too much food. I went up to the buffet and got a whole plate of food, but then they brought me appetizers, which I wasn't expecting. The naan was delicious! Light, crispy and buttery goodness. I have no complaints about the service itself; the waitstaff was very friendly, well dressed, and attentive.The food itself was very good and hit the spot. However, I won't be going there on a regular basis, mostly because of the price ($14.95). The next time that I do go there, I will definitely be taking the food to go.
Had an hour to kill, so I sought out to satisfy my Indian food cravings. I opted for the lunch buffet. Ran up and noticed they had a lot of vegetarian dishes if that's your thing, but not me, I needed meat. I plated some vegetable fried riced, chicken tikka masala, and lamb rogan josh. The lamb was phenomenal! The chicken was good.  They give you a little basket of warm nan, a tandoori chicken leg, and two mini masala dosas. My only complaint is that I didn't care for the nan and I wish they had a some spicier chutneys for the dosa. They had warm gulab jamun that hit the spot. The place was very clean compared to other buffets I have visited and the staff was quick to remove your dirty plates and refill water. I left stuffed for $15, so I'm glad I made the trip in. I shall return...
This place is terrible....More the service than the food.As someone who is Indian and is serious about food ...Take my advice and dont go to this place...it is only a matter of time before they get displaced. I have never had to deal with such rude indifferent service. First we made a request for our bread to be served hot . Then when they messed up the order the owner was trying to explain to us how they are so busy and we should understand ....Oh and they reheated the bread instead of getting us fresh bread.are you serious...what is this a fast food joint?
Every aspect of this restaurant was excellent.Food:The garlic naan is tied for 1st as the best naan I've ever had. It's large and fluffy -- not overly greasy or burnt. The amount of garlic and seasoning was perfect. My two friends split the cauliflower appetizer, which they both loved. I tried a bit and thought it was pretty good too.I almost always get Saag Paneer at Indian restaurants, but this one had so many options I wasn't familiar with that I decided to be adventurous -- so much so that I forgot the name of the dish I ordered. It was chicken in a coconut milk-based sauce with chilis and some kind of leaf (curry leaves?), and it was the only chicken item that had a chili but no thumb up next to it. Whatever it was, it was good -- but don't bite into the chilis! I learned the hard way... One of my friends had a vegan okra-based dish and the other had Rogan Josh. Both were very good (according to my friends).The masala chai is very unique and worth trying! It is so flavorful and rich in spices! It comes black and you can add your own sugar and cream as desired. (No free refills)Setting:The ambiance is very warm. There were many groups of friends chatting contentedly and animatedly, which made the restaurant loud but pleasant. It doesn't have a romantic vibe, although the lighting is fairly low. Service:We were very well taken care of! Servers refilled our water regularly, advised us knowledgeably about what to order, and checked to see how we were doing more than once, but not in an intrusive way. After we ate our meal, we lingered a bit chatting and finishing drinks, and we never felt pressured to leave even though people were waiting for a table. One of my friends forgot his bag with his laptop in it, and a waiter caught up with me to see if it was ours--phew!Price:As you know if you read my reviews, I'm all about the cheap eats. Well, this is affordable for the quality and location, and they do have great lunch specials, but it's not cheap at dinner by my standards. It is worth it though!
Chola is probably one of the better Indian restaurants in NYC. They serve a lot of deliciously made food and it could be a hard for a first-timer to choose the right dish. The best solution for first-timers to get accustomed to Chola's is to go during the lunch buffets to try different dishes. For dinner I recommend trying the Adrak ke Panje, which is lamb chops in green masala with ginger. I could tell that the chefs put a lot of emphasis on marinating the meat. It is both flavorful and juicy at the same time. The service in this restaurant is one of the better ones in the city--the servers were attentive enough without being disruptive to the conversations that were going on in the table. They also seemed genuinely friendly. One of the shortcomings of Choya is the spacing. It has low ceilings and everything seems cramped into a small area.  However, I would not let that deter me from trying out and coming back to this restaurant.
I promised the owner I would write a review on the way out as the food was really top knotch.  The naan was definitely some of the best, piping hot, and soft.  I liked the garlic naan the best, also tried the cheese naan.  For a main dish I enjoyed thoroughly the minced cauliflower over basmati cumin rice.  Together these were amazing, but topped with the yogurt sauce was fantastic!  The service also is worth noting that with a little friendliness our server opened right up and guided us through some great choices on the menu with a full house on Saturday night.
They say the best Indian food is in London but the best I ever had, an Indian restaurant in Paris not too far from the famous Moulin Rouge and the Indian food in Hong Kong, not bad either. i have to tell you though, it's pretty good here in New York, at least at this place. I was over doing some shopping at Bloomingdale's and decided to try something in this area and this place had quite a few good reviews, so I went here. Well, once again my fellow Yelpers did not disappoint, I found the food here to be a good representation of quality Indian Cuisine. My friend an I started out with some Samosas, not the best I've ever had (that was in the food court of the train station in Washington, DC, but still quite good. For dinner I had chicken in a cream and yogurt sauce with peppercorns (Chicken Kali Mirch) and I had the Chili Onion Naan bread (quite good), and a type of rice they called tomato rice which, besides tomatoes had fresh mint and I think coconut, and it was worth ordering - the mint helped balance the spice in the curry and the Naan bread. Oh, the homemade Indian ice cream was really good. As it melted it had more of a chewy consistency than other ice cream but in a pleasant way and it was drizzled with what tasted like syrup made from rose water (whatever it was, it was nice).Finally, I also had a mango lassi which was quite tangy and not too thick, and they put it over ice which I've not had before, but it was quite tangy. Bottom line, food was good, price for the quality was reasonable and they had lots of other dishes I would like to try so it is a place I would definitely check out again if I'm over in this area again and let me once again note that the service was great.
My favourite indian restaurant with delicious south- and north-indian kitchen and a great lunch menu for a reasonable price. Living in europe, I would literally swim across the ocean to eat here. Absolutely love it!
In a bit of a random neighborhood, but definitely worth a visit. Had the lamb saag and the fish curry-- both dishes were phenomenal. More impressive than anything else was the naan. I have sampled my fair share of indian cuisine and this naan was the best I had ever tasted. Perfectly doughy! Service was impeccable-- the waiters stopped by frequently to check on us and see how our meal was.  Gomes, our waiter, was incredibly nice and hospitable!
Nice good classic indian food, charming place.  I was very happy with the service the servers were prompt and kind..  Loved it.  1 tiny thing....made the rice portions a bit bigger ;)  besides that AWESOME FOOD
Good value set lunch for $15. Pity about the poor ventilation which left curry smells on our clothing. Dessert range could be improved, such as adding fresh fruit?
So my beau and I had dinner here just this past weekend and we BOTH agree; the food is SO delicious! Just the aroma alone will entice anyone. The decor is warm and inviting. For Starters we ordered the Aloo gobi samosas, and Baghari jhinga (shrimp); both served hot and delectable.  For our entrees; of course we had to have the Chicken Tikka masala (definitely an all time favorite) and the Punjabi goat curry. Our dishes came with a side of basmati rice and naan; that was freshly made, hot and fluffy. We were so filled with dinner but HAD to have dessert, an order of the Ras malai was a perfect end to our exotic dinner. The flavors were outstanding, so mouthwateringly pleasant. If you're the adventurous type or just love Indian food, then this place is definitely a must! :)
Two college-day friends of mine and I had our inaugural monthly NYC dinner here in mid-March after it was suggested to me by a friend who lives right next door to the restaurant.Indian restaurants can be a little challenging in that rice/naan are not included and are overpriced even though you'll have a hard time eating your curry without them. I ordered the mushroom saag, my friend ordered the chicken butter curry and the third ordered chicken tikka masala. I had a taste of the tikka masala and really liked it, which is odd for me since I usually hate this dish given how so many places make it very blandly. If I were to come back, I'd definitely get the chicken butter curry even though saag/vindalu with lamb/chicken/paneer  and yellow dal are my curry staples.The regular and garlic naan were warm, fluffy and large. We didn't bother ordering rice and I probably won't order rice next time since the naan was that good.As other reviews may have mentioned, the space borders on being cramped, especially if you're not sitting against a wall (because now you have two sides to be bumped on) but it wasn't a huge deal. Highly recommend! Dooooo it.
Fantastic lunch, super reasonably priced for the amazing food. Try a little bit of everything!!  I agree  that the food is less cream based-- you definitely taste the spices.Super friendly service... my only regret is not trying the coconut rice! Must go back for dinner!
Amazing Indian!!!  I've had many dishes here and every one of them is absolutely perfect. Their spicy club dishes are out of this world; I've had tears coming down my face that's how spicy it was.
This was suggested by a gentleman I was having a first date with.At least the food kept my attention...the date, not so much (can I Yelp review that guy?). Not going to lie--this kind of pricey when you can go to another Indian restaurant and order the same thing but at less cost. They charge for rice....RICE? Are you serious? I'm Mexican, regardless of establishment Asian, Spanish, Caribbean, rice should be a given AND free.
I guess since I'm the Duke of this place I should probably write a review since I obviously like it so much.  ;)My first trip here stemmed from a conversation about getting indian food that took place at a vegan festival a few months back with Vivian H.  She and I love to stuff our fat faces with food that tastes good ipso facto presto change-o we ended up in this place chowing down and getting looks as usual.Chola is awesome.  Period.  It's basically insane.  For $15 you get this ridiculous lunch buffet... and I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.  There are a ton of dishes that are clearly marked "vegetarian" or "non-vegetarian" and they taste fantastic.  Their Rogan Josh was so delicious.  Their goat curry was insane.  I haven't had poori in so long and when you put the rogan josh on the poori and then oh man serotonin and dopamine are your only friends that day.To top it off, they brought tandoori chicken and samosas and some kind of like almost I don't even know what it was, like a lightly fried bread with potatoes inside (but not alu parantha) to the table.  You know how at a LOT of Indian places they have this like crappy Tandoori chicken at the buffet?  They have drumsticks and chicken wings but they look like those 30 cent ones you get at a bar?  Not here.  We're talking fully full-on drumsticks.  Them's fightin chickens' drumsticks.  These chickens bench like 300 lbs... seriously.The service is stellar.  I'm sitting there sweating like a barbarian from the curries and this waiter dude has point like it's a Tom Clancy covert water op mission to bring clean water to villagers in Africa.  My glass gets maybe half full and my perception switches to bullet time as this guy flies through the air with a pitcher of water timing the pour so the water hits my glass and fills it just under the top while he does a triple Arabian and takes out three Soviet agents... all at the same time.  They seriously have that part down.What's more is the place is really close to the lab where I work so now a bunch of us like to go there for our weekly lab lunch.  We're a bunch of scientists and we've run the numbers a bunch of times.  You can't beat the price, quality, and quantity in the Upper East Side *I think*.  I'll literally eat lunch there and then not have to eat again for something like 30 hours.  To summarize, this is one of the best Indian places I've ever been to and my favorite buffet within walking distance of where I work.  If you haven't tried the place, you really should.  It's awesome and I haven't had a bad experience there yet.
I have been to chola quite a few times and final;ly decided to write a review. This place is one of those Indian Buffets that has some variation to the standard Indian fare in a buffet. You always get a selction of south Indian dishes mostly Idly, Vada, Dosa, they also server Nan and other noth Indian dishes in the buffet.Yes you cannot expect the Idily to be feather soft or the Vada to be Crip on the outside and fantastic chutly & Sambar, but it above average and not too shabby. The dosa served on the table is lame as the purpose of serving in on your table is to give it to you hot and crisp and this is just the opposite, its flacit & cold and sometimes not cooked all the way thru..The coconut chutny was faily decent and fresh however no bite in it as it was lacking the green chillis. The sambar was below average, the Pongal was however good and a nice flavour with ginger and whole brack pepper.The Idli and Vada I already commented on, the beans & potatoe curry is claims was indeed more of Beans and pumkin rather than potatoes. The Saag vegetable was dead no arrival, no flavour at all. The Tadka dal was way below average and too watery. I cannot comment of the other non-vegetarian dishes as I did not partake. The vegetable pakoda seved on the table was lousy, not worth a second look. The nans were too doey and not right, however I did not come to this place to evaluate their north Indian food, the Pani puri appatizer was a sugary mess as the pani puri liquid.. terrible.The dessert was alright with Jamoons and rice custard.However I would still return to only eat the south Indian dishes ad they were not too bad, So I give them a 4 star but would point out that they are barely hanging on to a 4 star rating.
This is exactly what an Indian restaurant ought to be. So me and the bf were late to our reservation and my phone was dead I could not call ahead to let them know I was running late. When I arrived the place was packed but I was seated immediately without and nasty attitude like most places would have, even though my bf was out parking the car.The staff is courteous and professional, they go above and beyond to accommodate.I was given all the menus and brought water. As I examined the extensive menu I saw that it had a very good variety not simply northern or southern like most Indian places would distinguish. There was a blend of flavors much like the mixed and varied crowd that evening. They also had a full bar including non alcoholic beer which I thought was a very nice touch. Once my bf arrived someone immediately came over to take our drink orders. When I did not like my cocktail without my saying so I was asked if I'd like to replace it with something else. My water glass was never empty either, and no request I made seemed too big or too small. Onto the food we asked for suggestions and were given many but ultimately went with our own ideas but slightly modified thanks to the staff.Here is what we ate:Garlic Naan - The garlic was fresh and the proportion was well balanced.Apps: Era Varuval + Chochin Lamb chops - delicious - a little spicy - be prepared.There was similar seasoning for both appetizers. There was a generous portion of lamb chops for an appetizer and for the price and they were most certainly delicious.Main: White rice of course!PUNJAB GOAT CURRY - very delicious and tender, a little spicy, and has the bones in the stew, but still spectacular.Butter Chicken - very soft and tender, I liked that it was well seasoned and not one bit dry as chicken can sometimes get.No meal is complete without a Mango Lassi - which had a really good blend of the yogurt and mango flavor neither of which was overpowering.I was too full for desert but I am certain I will come back and have another chance to enjoy it again.
A more-than-solid Indian place for the individual looking to spend just a LITTLE more money than the run-of-the-mill spots in the same area. Low-slung ceilings, quiet music, and decent lighting create comfortable atmosphere that is cozy without being crowded. The extensive list has a sizable vegetarian slate and a number of eclectic offerings that prove the locale's name.FOOD: The Naan was topnotch. The chicken was good, as well, though the Kori Gassi was much better than the Chicken 65 (a signature dish that was decent without being overwhelming). The various plates that people received around me looked killer: a gigantic roll-thingy that I have to try sometime, and hot skewers that  made my mouth water.DRINK: I had the Goru, a yogurt-n'-chili thing from South India (or so I am told). It was a bit odd at first, but definitely helped out with the heat from the dishes later on. Plus one. Extensive cocktail, wine, and beer list, too: plus two.SERVICE: A teeny bit slow, but nothing to write home about. Otherwise, very helpful.This place is a little out of the way for those not on the 456 line, but a definite hit for those willing to take the trip. Try some of the more unusual offerings: you won't be disappointed.P.S.: One word of warning: they don't mess around with spice at this place. It may still be not up to style (which I've heard can cause the average human to spontaneously turn into a fire-breather), but it's more potent than your average joe-schmoe place.
Great service! Some of the best Indian food in city. Also enjoy their Sunday brunch.
Just a great south Indian restaurant for lunch (nice buffet), or dinner. The food is always very good to excellent, and the service is as good. It is the consistency of excellence that brings us back - we've been in more expensive Indian restaurants, and we've been in more acclaimed, but have not had better food or service.
The best Indian food in the city. The Lata Shetty's Kori Gassi and Martha Stewart's Favorite Bhindi are devine!
I went to Chola for the 1st time yesterday. I went for the lunch buffet and was among the 1st people there (got there around noon).The choice of dishes in the buffet was quite impressive. I tried almost everything they had and was quite impressed with the variety as well as the quality.They even had little masala dosas being served at each table. The dosas were not out of this world, but maybe I'm being harsh.. same with the naan.But overall, I was quite happy with the food and will definitely go back!You should try it! Among the best Indian food I have had in Manhattan.
One of the the best Indian restaurants in the city and not just cause Zagat agrees with me, but truly this place is a must try. Unlike other Indian restaurants that makes you think all of India eats the same food, this place actually has popular dishes from different regions of India that are not often found in mainstream Indian cuisine. They are also considered the best value buffet by zagat in NYC and I would def agree with them. It is rare to find fresh buffet food as they often taste like they have been heated one too many times, however at Chola, the buffet items are fresh and hot; the waiters also bring out other popular dishes straight from the kitchen and offers them directly to the tables. So If you really want to make use of the buffet, make sure you starve yourself for a couple of days.BEST THINGS ON THE MENU: CHIICKEN BUTTER MASALA                                                         MIX GRILL (MY FAV - MUCH HEALTHIER OPTION)                                                         LAMB OR SHRIMP VINDALOO (Spicier Option)                                                         MASALA DOSA THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER GREAT THINGS ON THE MENU THAT I PROBABLY JUST NEVER TRIED SO FEEL FREE, Cause It really doesn't get better than this place.
So I walked in as they were opening for lunch. They had a buffet for $15....and the food was amazing! They had an assortment of chutneys, vegetable dishes and of course meat dishes. They had 2 chicken and 1 lamb dish and they were all so good! The rice and veg dishes were amazing. They also came around with naan, tandoori chicken, and some other stuff I didn't know but was good! I had no room for dessert but they did have some. Absolutely one of the best Indian buffets! Just go!
Came here with a large group and was seated quickly despite not having everyone arrive on time. Our server was attentive and patient. I loved the lamb vindaloo.
Probably the best North Indian food one can get in mid town. The portions are generous. Service reasonably good. Personal preference is a la carte over the buffet on Sundays. Recommend every item on the menu, in particular the chilli/habanero nan gives a wonderful high with your curry!Dushyant Joshi
Made a reservation after reading many good reviews some here and some on TONY. Decided to make a reservation on Opentable....nice! Decide to fly to NYC during a monsoon rain storm....not nice (March 13th) pilot barely lands the plane at JFK ( he must have known we had a important reservation to keep!) But after an hour delay landing at 5:30, luggage delay by 6:30, lucky us waiting for a cab was a breeze. the 70 mile an hour winds blew us threw Brooklyn over to Manhattan to our hotel on 50th by 7:30. My cousin got a cab to swing by from her place and pick us up and with 5 minutes to spare the three drowned rats walked in......ahh to a "welcome to Chola".....ahhhhh......I usually take pictures, but at this point after our harrowing landing and getting soaked to the bone I just wanted to eat and drink...so look at someone else's ....sorry.So, we started with Samosa's and drinks. The Samosa's were spicy but not over the top and very moist (some places I've gone they can be a bit dry) these were flaky on the outside and moist on the inside.For dinner we ordered CHICKEN SAAG TIKKA, AUNT MURLI'S CHINGRI MALAI (this was so wonderful, perfectly seasoned....mmmmm) , Aloo Gobi, garlic Naan and basmati rice. Oh and I had to have my Chai tea.All the flavors of sauces and mixed with fish,chicken and veggies and garlic naan....make for what I think is the perfect meal. I mean think about when you go to some cheesy diner and always have to add salt or ketchup. Well not here, everything has it's own complex flavor of sweet and spicy all mixed together, you feel like you've been invited to the VIP party only the special people get in too. The atmosphere was warm and inviting and service spot on. I'd definitely make my way back here on our next trip back in the fall. Of course preferably when the weather is better.
The service is incredible, the prices are typical to midtown Manhattan prices, the location is close to public transportation.  Their food is sometimes bland depending on what you order (if you want taste, stay away from their eggplant appetizer).  Their somozas are amazing!  I had the lamb Korma and it LOVED it, the coconut rice is very good and i typically don't like coconut in my food but I would order that again.  They have a vegan section on their menu and i really liked that.  I've been recommending this place to others, it's a must try at least once.
Food was fine, but my wife & I found the indifferent service off-putting. Also weird was how they made such a big deal that the rice was "on the house" (heard that phrase at least 3 times, and from different people). Also kinda weird that an Indian restaurant would have more than one Martha Stewart dish on the menu. The layout is also strange. We were seated at a 4 top that gave us the option of looking at a column (and the curtain leading to the kitchen beyond it) or being pinned next to said column. I don't understand how they got their 4 stars.
The food is pretty good, and there are load of options, but it seems to be a fancier indian food place while not really making the food any much better. I do think the servers are nice, and I bet if I went to their lunch buffet I would give a higher rating, but  to be fair I felt I paid about $8-10 more than I felt the quality was worth in my food. To their credit I did say i want my food spicy and they did hit the perfect level on request. Perhaps my grade is a little harsh, but definitely not a 5 stars, even though an option I do recommend if you are caught in the area looking for food like I was. It comparitively is probably better than other restaurants in the area. Portions are kind of small also.
The rice that came with the dishes was absolutely perfect!! Perfectly cooked and very flavorful! The naan was solid! One of the best in Manhattan. Got the Saag Paneer (spinach and cheese dish) which is a hit or miss for me but this one was packed with flavor and delicious!! I like spicy so I added some black pepper and sriracha & it was PERFECT! I also got a spicy dish, not sure if I got the Vindaloo or the Phall, whatever it was I remember it was definitely very spicy and really tasty! It is a bit pricey for Indian but definitely worth it on occasion. I've only ordered from seamless, but it seems like the lunch buffet is a good more affordable option for dining in :)
My co-workers and I had an enjoyable evening at Chola earlier this week.   The food was very good and the service was too.   We have an enjoyable evening and I recommend Chola whenever you have a taste for Indian food.
I went there with my boyfriend on a weeknight because we were in the mood for Indian. We ordered the chilly chicken app which basically tasted like spicy general tsos. For entrees we each ordered masala dosas (a South Indian dish) and it was bland, not crispy and it tasted like the filling was pre-made and lukewarm. The coconut chutney tasted gross/watery as if it was made from the powder instead of real coconuts (if they did make it from scratch that's just even more upsetting). All in all it wasn't anything amazing; maybe my expectations were too high going to this place because it has a reputation (on the web) to be one the best Indian restaurants in Manhattan. Only good thing was the service was better than most places.
I was looking for a nice Indian restaurant for my boyfriends birthday and went onto Yelp and found Chola. I wasn't sure what to expect at first but because my boyfriend really loves the area that Chola is in, I booked a party of 15 there. When we arrived the table was set and staff waiting patiently for us. Our party arrived on time and the staff really went all out for us. Starting with beverages, appetizers to the main course. The wine was tasty, the eggplant appetizer and samosa were delicious and the staff really worked with a large party as far as spacing things out and giving us time to breathe. As far as the main course, my boyfriend and I shared a Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer and Chole. I'm not the only one to say this in our party but their Chicken Tikka Masala is one of the best in town and I've tried many. At the end they served us a mango ice cream dessert for his birthday and even sang. It really was a night to remember thanks to the people at Chola!
Delicious!  We came here for dinner after work one day - from reading yelp it seemed like it wouldn't be too formal of a place.  However, after work in midtown all the suits came to eat here so my friend who was dressed in a t-shirt felt a little dressed down/uncomfortable. Regardless - the food - AMAZING.  The lemon rice - rice of all things - was one of the best parts of the meal.  ($8 for the rice though, pretty pricey.....)  The nan was good as well.  Both dishes - mine a paneer dish and his lamb (I believe) had good amounts of spice/flavor.With extra charges for rice and nan the bill was a bit more than I expected - so minus one star for that.  Due to price I may not eat here as frequently, but it can be that "special" place we will go to occasionally.I would like to come back for lunch take out or a buffet if they have one.
The best Indian food I've eaten outside of India.  But $20 for an Indian buffet lunch isn't cheap (and the dinner menu would be even more).  I appreciate that they bring some fresh dishes around to the tables without being prompted, including tandori chicken and naan, and that there is a plethora of food in the buffet...even lamb, yum!  Despite a lot of conflicting reviews, I found the service to be attentive without being overbearing.  Definitely worth a try, maybe on a special occasion to justify the cost.
I wouldn't go so far to say that this is a great Indian lunch buffet. For a $15 AYCE buffet, perhaps this is a great deal in NYC. The food was good but not outstanding. The naan came out piping hot. I enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, the lamb curry and the saag paneer. They're pretty standard dishes at any Indian joint. Some of the other dishes were too spicy for me. Their desserts were just ok.
My family and I are regulars here because the food is quite nice.  My favorite dish is Lasuni Gobi.  Today I decided to order and pick-up the order.  The chef probably did a shortcut because its takeout.  While the sauce tasted great as usual, the cauliflower florets were obviously not deep fried and crunchy as they should be.  They were soft and mushy, and I had a hard time eating them.  I'm very disappointed in my meal and I guess my next Lasuni Gobo meal will be from Dawat!
This is still my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  Thank goodness I live down the street from here because I get there food about once a week and systematically going thru their menu.  This is one of the only restuarants where I get takeout from.  Usually a restaurant is a combo of ambiance, company, and food, but Chola is so good that I can do with just the food and be happy.  Anyway, try the Punjabi Chicken and Lamb Rogan Josh if you like spicy dishes and you'll probably be hooked on the place.  The lamb is as succulent as you'll get anywhere, and they are really generous with portions.It's funny, some of the menu items say, "Martha Stewart's favorite".  Stay clear of those.  I think the plain naan is one of her "favorites".  Really Martha, was the plain white rice a little too spicy?
Chola was a really nice experience. Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted and seated right away. The wait staff were very attentive to us (party of 3) the whole time we were there.The food was very good. Full of flavor as Indian food should be. On this night we ordered two appetizers and two entrees. We also had some dessert as well as specialty drinks from the bar. Allow me to be specific... For apps we ordered an order of Tandoori Mixed Grill platter as well as Samosas. The mixed platter consist of grilled chicken and lamb seasoned really nice. The samosas were huge and stuffed with veggies. They were rich in flavor. Both generous portions, so much so that it could have been the meal. As for the entrees, we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Chutneywala. I've had Chicken Tikka Masala before and it was good with a nice thick sauce that goes well with rice and naan. It was my first having the Chutneywala though and it was really good as well. Chicken Chutneywala is cured chicken cooked with green masala sauce. It gave a really nice, fresh, fruity taste to the chicken. It's definitely an alternative to the Chicken Tikka Masala. As for sides we had basmati rice and garlic naan. Over all the dish was really good.We topped the dinner with Gulab Jamun which are fried cheese balls in sugar syrup as well as a couple drinks. I don't really remember the specialty drinks but I do remember the beer I had. It was Bengali Tiger from Six Point brewery. Although this beer is American made, it pairs up well with this type of cuisine due to it's flavor. Be sure to try it out when you pay Chola a visit.Overall Chola was great due to it's service, food and atmosphere.
So good! Got a ton of food here for a party I was hosting and it was all delicious! I will 100% be back/order delivery again if I'm looking for quality Indian food in Midtown east. It's not cheap Indian though, so the best bet is probably getting a few lunch deals and stocking up for a few days.Got all these disheschicken tikka masaladaal tadkasaag paneercholi punjabialoo gobidaal makhinibindi masalalamb vindalooand they were all great! The naan and rice was also spectacular. All my guests were also jazzed about the food and remarked at how much better it was than most Indian places they had been too.The only downside was I ordered food to be at my apt at 8pm, but it got there at 7 so it would be cold by the time my guests arrived. I called to complain at 7, when it was delivered and they said they'd send another order out, which finally came at like 8:40. It was annoying, but I wasn't charged for the second order so I basically got a ridiculous amount of delicious food for free. No way I'm gonna doc them points for that.
One of the best Indian buffets that I have had. From selecting the menu to presenting the food it was classic. Never had such delicious food in the US and would keep coming back again.
Ate here on a snowy night this week! First off the service was excellent and the servers were attentive. Drinks:  great!! I usually don't drink at Indian restaurants but I had a ginger cocktail and it was yum!Apps: we ordered 3 by accident and all were yum!! The orca, spicy cauliflower, and lamb chops were winners!Mains: I had the lamb vindaloo which was SPICY!! (I'd ask for mild spice next time) and my friend had Spinach with chicken (I can't remember the Indian name) which was lovely!!Dessert: rice pudding was great!!Overall... Go to this lovely restaurant!!
I've been craving Indian food nonstop...Once started, I'm constantly wanting more naan and curry. Chola did not disappoint. Came here for dinner, but have heard that their lunch deal is pretty awesome. Too bad that's not an option for me. Anyhoo...nice decor. Clean, vibrant and inviting. Casual to dressy casual. Very friendly and attentive service. They gave us the big round table in the corner just in case we're hungry and needed the space: LOVE. Went on a Monday night and it was surprisingly pretty busy.To the food:Apps: Lasoni Gobi: get it get it. Reminds me of General Tsao's ...but cauliflower! Better than Tulsi's.Era Varuval: shrimp cooked perfectly. A bit spicy for me, but so flavorful.Main:Chicken Tikka Masala: good. They did not skimp on the ingredients here. Slightly less sweet as other places, but def did not lack in taste. Soooooo good dipped with the garlic naan. Mixed grill: it was ok. Nothing too exciting.Sides:Garlic naan: so light and fluffy. MMmmm..garlic.They also gave us a small mixed veggie side with peas and onion and something else. Great way to balance the heavy cream and meat.Mango lassi: 2nd one in my life so I don't know much about it. My friend thought it was good, but not the best. I thought it was delicious.Def had an enjoyable dinner here. Returnable if I'm in the area again!
Let me preface this review by saying I love Indian food.  I went to Sunday buffet today after reading some yelp reviews. The interior was very nice, extremely clean, high-end vibe, well dressed crowd. I was expecting to really enjoy the buffet. Regretfully, I did not.  I expect CTM on any decent weekend buffet...maybe it is not authentic Indian, but this is not India.  In my estimation CTM is the best of all Indian dishes and the reason I go for Indian food. So you can imagine my shock and disappointment when I surveyed the buffet and saw no CTM.   OK, so maybe I need to broaden my horizons and try new things. I tried almost every dish they had and was not impressed. The food was definitely eclectic, but I thought lacking in flavor.  Other people seem to love this place, maybe their taste is more eclectic than mine. The service was excellent and the naan was as good as I have ever had.
I went for the lunch buffet with my family ..... absolutely outstanding!  The service was great ... fresh naan, tandoori chicken, and dosa was brought fresh & hot right to the table.  Plates were cleared up RIGHT away.  For a lunch buffet (on a street lined up with indian restaurants) -- it's on the pricier side ($15).  But you get SO MUCH for that... my husband and I couldn't even eat dinner that night. End drool moment.
Let me start by saying the Kurkuri Bindi (okra tossed with red onion, lime and chat masala) was the best okra I've had in my life - and I'm originally from the south. One bite and I wanted to cancel my entree and just have more of it on my plate. It's an absolute must try, and paired nicely with the hub's Chicken 65. His was good, but not life-changing like the okra!For drinks I had a madras monsoon (I think...) and it was pretty strong, so I only opted for one.Mains were Baigan da Bharta (eggplant with garlic) for me and Lamb Madras for him. Both were very nice. One mistake we made was ordering the chili onion naan. It was delicious, but we usually use naan to soak up the heat from our dishes, and this just added more spice to the table! Next time we'll go for a non-spicy option, but if you're looking for a kick, try it! I went with vegetarian options even though I'm not vegetarian, and I'd recommend trying their veg/vegan menu because all of their options looked delicious, and the two I tried were flavorful and fabulous.Service was attentive, waters were always filled, and the waiter we had was very friendly. We will be back!
I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and the decor.  The waiters were very attentive.  However, I found the food to be subpar given the price. I got the chicken tikki masala and for $18 (not including rice)... I was not impressed.  Indian food in my college town in New Hampshire was much better and cheaper.
Aside from the usual joints I go to on Curry Hill, Chola is pretty good.   It's close to my office so, I'm always having the lunch buffet. (For any Bloombergers reading this, it's $7.50 to take out!).  The lunch buffet sit down is otherwise a bit more expensive- runs about $14 a head, but they give you some nice surprises while eating- such as a dosa, tandori chicken, plain naan, fried popolas (with lentil in a sweet yogurt sauce), and fried lentil fritters. The standard buffet is otherwise still pretty good- they throw in some random Chinese elements in there which is kind of humorous (veggie fried rice, chili chicken) but the Indian stuff otherwise arrays from the typical to the eclectic; chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, mulgalwny (I KNOW I spelled that wrong and am a bit lazy to look it up- sorry!) veggie soup,  to other stuff I can't pronounce- this veggie meatball type concoction (which is a item to skip actually), that peas/curry/cheese dish; there are plenty of good breads (if you take out and skip out on the naan), which was a flat Indian pancake.  I don't eat lamb but I hear the lamb curry was good- albeit pretty spicy. The buffet desserts were pretty good- and on the several occasions I've been here they always change.  The winner was the fruits in cream sauce (which I think was laced with a wonderful coconut milky sauce) . The Khir (the sweet rice pudding) was yummy as usual, not a fan of that other Indian dessert (the really sweet balls in syrup), and the coconut chutney to go with the plain bubbly bread was delish (albeit pretty spicy for what it should have been). The service is pretty good- we never need to wait to sit down; the only annoying thing about the lunch buffet is that they don't allow you to take food home- which I think is unfair. But whatever. For dinner, since I already have so many of the typical curry dishes for lunch buffet, for dinner I wanted to try something different- the biriyani is good (except made with cashews, and topped with yogurt sauce- different from my Mom's style which is Burmese-afied).  One thing I would NOT get at dinner (for dessert rather) is the homemade ice cream (I think it's called kulfi), because it was just too heavy, too hard and just blah tasting. I'm not really a fan of Indian desserts, but I'd just go with the Khir.
The lunch buffet is a pretty good option if you like the dishes that they have. I can't remember most of them, but they do have very good Chicken Tikka Masala in the buffet and that is enough for me! It was some of the best I've had of that dish actually. $20 for the lunch buffet. $5 for a mango lassi which was pretty good but probably not worth the price, although very large. I will say I've gotten the Butter Chicken from here (not available in the buffet) and I didn't like it at all really. Small, not great pieces of chicken and too many chopped peppers in the dish. I would definitely stick with the tikka masala from here which was terrific.
Amazing food all throughout with quick delivery. The chili chicken was a straight up 5 star dish! However, the lamb saag was hilariously awful. Disappointing in that regard. Can't recommend getting that dish here.
Delicious meal and great flavor. Most of all,  excellent service. Thank you Rubel- took  are of all of our needs. Will definitely return.
Food:  Semi-tasty (I've had more flavorful indian dishes). The dishes that didn't have a spicy rating scale were spicy.  Generous portions.Ambiance: Very...cute.  Colored walls with statues of different gods scattered throughout the venue to decorate the place with even more culture.  Waiters very nice.  Good for a group gathering or date with gf (not a first date kinda place).Price: Too expensive for my taste (especially given my distaste for spicy food).Location: great!  right next to 59th street/LexBon Apetit!
I took my best friend here to celebrate her birthday. We had fun and enjoyed our evening. The service was great plus polite staff. I didn't say to do anything at the end of our dinner because my friend is not a big fan or birthday song kinda thing, but they came singing the birthday song for her, that made her very happy indeed. Cosy place, great food. I know very few names on the menu, worth trying. Highly recommended if you like Indian food.
I have gone there with the girls a few times on Sunday for brunch and I just love it it's perfect and I know good authentic Indian food! Best Desi lunch buffet! The palak paneer is to die for!
you expect me to pay for rice? if thats the case, it had better be some damned good, knock-your-socks-off rice thats worth every single penny. Rice is supposed to come with my paneer, and paying for it just seems...... unkosher. the food was good, flavorful and full of spices (not hot spices, but spices that make your taste buds say 'mmmmmm')I was satisfied with my paneer. my drink was strong-- something monsoon. Worth 10 bucks? yeah. the rice wasnt worth the money spent on it. I hate to harp on the rice... but... it wasnt anything special. You cant plop a few peas on top of a large bowl of white rice and say "voila! now its indian!" no, it doesnt work like that. its not worth a special trek to, but worth it if youre in the neighborhood.
Very poor service. It's a mismanaged place with some waiters seating you and others asking you to hurry up because they need to take away the chairs and tables at 3!!
I came here for one afternoon to try their lunch buffet which only cost $14. At the buffet, you can serve yourself some delicious eats such as lamb curry and chicken masala. And, with an additional side order of naan bread, you are pretty much set. The food was delicious and after a few plates from the buffet, I was satisfied. I highly recommend this place on an afternoon to take advantage of their buffet.
This place is pretty much indian buffet heaven.  It's a couple dollars more than most places but well worth it.  Everything from the chicken tikka to the vegetarian dishes were very good.  Not very many spicy dishes though--got to please the masses, I guess.  The servers will bring naan and a couple small plates to the table.  Service was overall good but a little slow when I wanted the check.
The best Indian restaurant in NYC - NO CONTEST!!!The first time I went was with a bunch of vegetarians and we just popped in for a quick snack and had a few vegetarian apps.  The cauliflower blew me away - still keeping its form and texture - nice and crispy - absolutely delicious!!!I went last night with 7 meat eating friends - Service was wonderful and accomodating.  They had our table ready eventhough we arrived 15 minutes early.  There was nothing I could complain about from the King Fisher beer to the galub jamun and South Indian coffee.  My judge of a good Indian restaurant is the galub jamun - I have been disappointed so many times with heavy and bland which many are due to mass production.  These were light and airy and you can tell had been soaking in the syrup for a long time because they wee popping with cardamom flavor in every bite!!!Must haves include Lasoni Cauliflower, Red Fish Curry (heavy on chile and ginger), Habanero Garlic Naan and of course, Galub Jamum.
We normally order our Indian food here and it has been awesome but the last few times we ordered here on seamless the quality was horrendous and we told ourselves not to order here anymore. Not to mention it isn't cheap!HOWEVER! We decided to try the lunch buffet here today and we were so surprised at how good it was!! The staff were so friendly and made us feel welcomed. They were efficient in clearing our plates and were very attentive. The spread was good but we really only wanted to eat the chicken tikka masala and rice. The best thing is they serve you fresh naan, dosai and tandoori chicken right to your table! I was so impressed!!So overall minus one star for normal takeaway but they deserve the 4 stars for their buffet!
So disappointed in this place! First off-let me say on food alone, this place should be a solid 4-star establishment. The food tastes like high quality home-cooking, as I've experienced from friends families. The ingredients are fresh, the dishes just the right blend of spices. Service was downright lousy. We waited with no acknowledgment what so ever for a table for 2 at 9pm on a Thursday for at least 15-20min. There was a couple waiting before us, and when the host led us to a table, we expected the other couple had already been accommodated, only to see the guy run after the host to say they hadn't been seated. (sorry!-they were quickly seated after us).We had enough time with the menu to drain our water glasses, have them sit empty while we waited for someone to take our order. Meanwhile we heard the guys at the table next to us call someone over to say they had given their order 45min prior and where was their food? Considering it was now 9:30ish, when we placed our order we politely asked if there was a problem this evening, since we had already been sitting almost 30min ourselves, and not yet ordered we didn't want to wait another 45min for dinner. They assured us there were no problems and took our orders. Appetizer came out pretty quickly, but I would say it was at least 45min before our fairly simple order arrived. The staff was quick to jump in front of me while I made my way to the bathroom-which is right by the door to the kitchen, and yes it is cramped, but most places will make way for the customer. Here they yelled for me to "watch out" before cutting in front of me. Same as when we got up to leave.Water glasses were never refilled, drink orders were never asked if they'd like to be repeated. The place was clearly in shut down mode long before we received our food and we had to navigate past delivery bikes in a cramped entry way in order to leave, not to mention staff that had no awareness of customers trying to walk past them as they idly stood by the counter. Considering it was close to 10:30 by the time we were served our meal, I had little appetite left and wanted to take it home for lunch. I asked for dishes to wrap it myself, but the waiter insisted that he would do it. I was simply trying to make it easier on them, but figured if they offered it was safe. Except-imagine my surprise when I opened the bag today to find HALF of our order, which was mostly all of meal minus a few tablespoons, was not included! This was after explicitly being asked if we wanted everything wrapped, and me emphatically stating yes, please we'll take all of it to go...I resent now our 20% tip. What a rip off.If you go, the food is delicious. Hopefully you won't have to wait forever, if you want to take your food home with you, check your bag before leaving...I don't think it was good enough to return, based on the lack of service.
I've been here a couple times now and both times the meal has been fantastic. The chicken vindaloo was top notch and everything is affordable. I usually get the samosa's and some garlic naan with it and I am usually unable to finish the meal because of the healthy portionsI will return every time I travel to NYC
By far the BEST Indian I've had in New York! I believe there are people who are never pleased and just look for stuff to complain about while dining, and the people who have given Chola 3 stars and below are those people. The food here is amazing and the atmosphere is great! My bf took me here for Valentine's Day since he knows how much I love Indian food and he did not disappoint. Chola has definitely replaced my two favorite Indian restaurants in Manhattan and Brooklyn! Don't play it safe here with the Tikka Masala!
Totally typical Indian eatery. Would make visiting Brits happy. Poppadums on table to greet us. Menu had usual range of curry favorites done well and interesting range of South Indian idli (Rice pancakes) I would try on repeat visit. Friendly staff and not overwhelmingly fast paced, good place for leisurely dinner.
Fantastic indian food, malai kofta was made near perfect. Proximity to central park is a big plus.
$$ is a little misleading - their prices land them pretty solidly in the $$$ category. Other than that, a pretty solid dining experience.The ambience at this place is nicer than a lot of indian restaurants in the city (especially the murray hill cluster), helped greatly by the tables being a little more spread out.The menu features an extensive list of north indian and south indian (coastal, non-vegetarian) dishes. We didnt try any of the latter, but it isnt easy to find in the city so it was a pleasant surprise to see it there. Decent set of indian and international beers on the menu, as well as a set of cocktails. Be warned when ordering the Taj Mahal beer: it is about twice the size of a normal drink!We had a few "chaat" style appetizers: bhel puri, ragada chat and a mixed pakora platter. In spite of being recommended by the server, the pakoras were very average and by far the most skippable of the 3. The bhel puri was pretty standard, but the table favorite was the ragada chat: hot potato patties covered with yogurt and chutneys was definitely the hit for the table. It was so good that we ordered a second right after eating the first. Too bad the dish never showed up, and they still added it to our bill total. They quick realized their mistake and struck it from the bill after we pointed this out, but still negative points!For our main courses we ordered the rajma, black pepper chicken curry, butter paneer and the tandoori grill. All were pretty tasty (black pepper chicken was probably my favorite), but a little overpriced, especially considering that they did not come with rice. We ordered a selection of nans, rotis and chapathis to eat with our meal, in addition to a couple of pea pulaos - which were satisfactory. They also happily provided yogurt on request (and didnt charge for it).All in all, a solid meal, if a little overpriced. Go here if you are looking to spend a little more for a less hectic, classier experience than Murray Hill.Strikes a happy middle ground between Dhaba/Copper Chimney and Tamarind/ Junoon.
Excellent prices and friendly service. Ordered take out and they had neatly wrapped added plates and utensils and gave me extra pappadum! I recommend the chicken tikka masala. Very flavorful and rich great price for lunch.
I revisited Chola recently for the lunch buffet. I was excited to see the variety of dishes, and even happier to discover that everything was delicious. Among the bounty they had a great lemon pickle, really tasty chicken tikka masala and rogan josh, and also a number of tempting veggie dishes. My vegetarian friend was also totally satisfied with the selection and left equally full. Service was good too -- our plates were cleared promptly and our water glasses were never empty.
Food here is top notch! When they brought out the bread I thought it was ordinary bread served at Indian joints but that all changed when I took my first bite. The bread tasted amazingly fresh and a perfect mix with the food you get from the buffet table.
A solid four star but the bathrooms at the back make it an undeserving 3 star. And the goat meat wasn't the best quality. However, the fried okra, dhosa, eggplant and garlic naan was excellent. Wasn't too fond of the kulfi since it was like eating frozen butter. I still finished it anyway.
Best Indian buffet I've ever been to. Their chicken tikka masala is fantastic! I wish I could remember the names of what I ate so I could boast more about the great food. A lot of Indians eat here which is always a good sign. Nothing more disconcerting than going to an ethnic buffet exclusively occupied by American patrons. Interesting aspect of their buffet is they constantly bring additional dishes out to your table so you can sit down while consistently gorging.Word of advice: save the naan to dip in whatever sauces are left so you can lick you plate clean. naan is an excellent vehicle for sauces..yum!
Just went here for the lunch buffet with a group of four. The décor was a little hot and stuffy but not unbearable. I couldn't find one thing I didn't like about the food. Everything was delicious and there were a lot of options to choose from. On top of that they also brought over some tandoori chicken, naan, and fried potato appetizers complementary with the buffet! We left very full and happy and the bill came out to $60 before tip. For four people and that much delicious food it's a good deal. I would recommend it and definitely go again.
I've ordered off delivery.com several times and it's always good. The food arrives quickly and it's hot. Any dish that has chicken is primarily white meat chunks, without fat. Regardless of its 5 stars, be prepared to shit your pants 30 minutes after you eat.
I never met an Indian restaurant that I didn't like....Well there IS this disgusting fast food Indian place near my office that I despise...Anyway, I really enjoyed the Sunday lunch buffet at Chola.  We arrived right at 12pm when they opened and started putting out the food so I KNOW it was fresh.  They had all kinds of goodies on the buffet and in addition came around with fresh and hot tandoori chicken and naan.  Yowza it was some good Indian food!I plan to go back and order from the menu and then will provide a second review.In meantime, check it out if you are on that side of town.
First of all, I would like to point out the impeccable service. All the waiters were extremely nice and professional, and they even gave us extra cilantro sauce when I commended on how good it was.For the main entree, I had the chicken vindaloo, which was a tad spicier than in other Indian restaurants but it was excellent nonetheless.Overall, the service was one of the best I have ever had, and the food was pretty good too.
I've wanted to try this place for the longest time since I hear such great things about it. However, it didn't live up to my high expectations. I got the chicken vindaloo and although the waiter warned me that it would be spicy, it wasn't as spicy as he made it out to be. My friend took a look around and noted that it was all non-Indians, which shed some light on the waiter's warning. Of course, this place probably catered to non Asian taste buds. There was nothing wrong with the dish, or with the appetizers, or the naan - in fact, it was pretty good. But it just didn't impress me all that much. The chicken vindaloo was also slightly oiler than I wanted. The menu was interesting and had tons of options and I was sorry I picked the chicken vindaloo and not something vegan.The most annoying thing was how the waiter constantly came up to us to check up on us, and made us feel like we're being hurried out. It was very intrusive.
Joined by family, I thoroughly enjoyed Chola.  The cramped environment adds to the charm of the venue.  I was a bad fish-only vegetarian and went with the lamb saag ... it's one of those things when I swear, I didn't mean to but I did.  Each dish was more delectable than the next.   The staff was helpful, cheerful, and consistent.Generally, I stick to hole in the wall places in Jackson Heights for Indian restauarants or the ever pretentious lower east side but Chloa was delightful.I advise to make reservations if you are a party larger than five.
I really enjoyed dinner here! I thought the food was good but it was the service that truly made dining here an excellent experience. The staff is friendly and attentive. I would definitely come back!
Okay, these guys get a solid four stars for the buffet: good, solid Indian food, nicely spiced and eminently well-prepared.  Also, the staff is exceedingly attentive, even when the restaurant is pretty busy.Unfortunately, I have to strip away a few stars because of today's floor show.  About two-thirds of the way through our meal, three large rats scurried through the dining room, chased by a succession of waiters and kitchen staff.  Ultimately, two were killed in the middle of the restaurant; the third disappeared.  By then, the room was bedlam and several of the diners hastily -- and angrily -- departed.  To be fair, these were healthy, well-fed rats, bright of eye and shiny of coat, suggesting great things about Chola's cuisine.  After all, if the restaurant's rodents were healthy and energetic, then the food was probably good, right?On the other hand, the restaurant only cut 20% off the price of our meal, and tried to convince us that the rats were actually visitors from the competing Indian restaurant next door.  In the grand scheme, this probably didn't make much of a difference -- I strongly doubt that most of the restaurant's patrons will be back -- but, overall, the management handled the problem in a way that compounded squeakiness with tackiness.
Sunday's lunch buffet is nothing but, awesome!  Fresh tasty morsels of goodness at the hot plates.  Then the servers sneakily drop little presents of goodness at your table for more consumption.   Good stuff, go, don't move on to another review.
I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and rice with poori bread. No complaints here. It was delicious. The rice had spices in it that I am used to seeing at high end Indian restaurants. It was good as well. Minus one star simply because I've had better, but this was a good choice and worth the money spent. I think they included extra bread (of a different kind) and some green liquid stuff in a container. I need to review my bill to make sure I wasn't charged for that. Seamless web can be tricky :)
A friend and I came here on a weekday night for some yummy indian food. Food was very good-- we started with the Masala Dosa, a massive crepe with potatoes inside ( and it was huge and delicious). For entrees, we shared the Saag Paneer and the chicken chutneywala. We tried to order the coconut rice but the waiter told us that the flavors wouldn't mesh well together, so we went with the cumin and pea rice. All the food was good! Not the best I've had, but good enough for me to take the leftovers home.The weird thing was the service-- it was just very awkward. The owner seemed very eager to get our order in and seemed to disapprove that we we did not order alcohol. The waiters came out with food for multiple tables on little trolleys which made walking to the bathroom difficult. The entire environment was very distracting-- I thought I was just having a case of ADHD myself until my friend commented on how hard it is to focus.  I will say that I am curious about the lunch buffet-- I am saddened that I only was able to taste 3 different things today. But 14 dollars?!?!? I'll bring my extra large purse to smuggle out some samosas.
The chili chicken was good, had a very (Chinese) Asian flair to it, the rest of the food was BLAND, I've never had to ask for salt in restaurant, I was tempted to ask for some chaat masala to spice things up a bit.
The restaurant is large and and was easily able to accomodate my group of 7 people, even though we didn't have a reservation. We ordered 5 entrees for the 6 of us, and 3 appetizers--it was plenty of food and absolutely delicious!  It wasn't the best indian of all time (see Om on the UES for that!) but it was tasty, affordable, and there was plenty of it. Good selection of beer, decent wine list. They have a fantastic lunch special also.
This place was extremely solid.I actually think the location is great, as there are so few decent restaurants in midtown (that are reasonably priced). I went with one other person at 7pm on a Friday night and the restaurant was more than half empty. However, by the time we left at 8:30 the place was hoppin', so I do recommend making a reservation. It has a very nice vibe - low lighting, tasteful decor. It would be totally appropriate to bring a date.Now onto the food. We shared an appetizer of the Chicken 65, which was not at all what I expected. It is essentially fried chicken poppers that are flavored with various spices and tossed in a bowl with green chilies. For those of you who like fried chicken of this sort, and aren't afraid of some spice, I'd say this is a safe bet. I don't think it merits the thumbs up icon on the menu, indicating that this is a MUST GET dish. We weren't feeling particularly adventurous, so for mains we stuck with chicken tikka masala and lamb rogan josh. Both were good, though I think the lamb was better than the tikka masala. The chicken seemed a bit dry. We also got garlic naan which smelled DIVINE, and my friend tells me tasted just as good. Gluten and I are not on speaking terms, so I sadly couldn't partake. They brought a small free side dish of chopped mixed vegetables which was good, especially to mix with the other spicy dishes. For dessert we got Pista Kulfi, which is pistachio ice cream cut into triangles and served with a fluorescent pink syrup. Sounds weird, but it was BOMB. I definitely recommend it. That was a first for me.The service was prompt and attentive. If anything there were TOO many waiters inquiring after our well-being, but neither of us minded.I thought the price was...fine. Not cheap by any means, but I'm used to being completely gouged at Indian places in the city, so this was a nice change.
Just went to Chola an hour ago and split an $8 all-you-can-eat take-away lunch with a friend. We then proceeded to have the biggest lunch of all time, and I am now at my office desk with the biggest food coma 4 dollars can buy.Very very tasty dishes and plenty of variety... includes naan and desert too.Chicken Masala is amazing.
Pretty good, and apparently authentic according to my Indian friend.I do like their other restaurant (Bhojan) a bit more, although Bhojan has too many mirrors.  The atmosphere of this place is better.
The ambiance at this place was great, nice & intimate. The staff were very attentive and even allowed us to order items no longer on the menu. My cousin lives in New York and brought us all here, it is a favourite of his and his wife's. We ordered a range of items from the menu and shared banquet style.The Okra was amazing, I've never tried it before and seriously, that stuff is so addictive! The Masala Dosa was so yummy, like nothing I had ever eaten or seen before! Both were a great way to start the meal. The Aloo Gobi didn't take long at all to be eaten, it was definitely a favourite around the table! The Rogan Josh sauce was delicious. The Malai Kofta was probably my least favourite of all the dishes. Everything went down well with Naan & some white wine.  I definitely recommend it and will be back when I am next in town.
Somewhere more like between $$ and $$$ actually.But on balance worth it if you are looking for more than just a straight up Indian meal.  Like if you are meeting someone or a group gathering or something.The atmosphere was good.  The servings were the right size.  The food was good quality.
Authentic Indian. Yummy. Chola uses great ingredients. If you go at lunch time you can get a big to go container and stoke up at their buffet. I order on Seamless all the time. Tons of Vegan & Vegetarian options. Well spiced. Portions are large and prices are good! They have $10 lunch time specials if you order online.
I love indian food and tend to only eat it when I'm over seas.  So I approached this restaurant with relatively low expectations.  However, I was really surprised by the food.   My friends and I ordered several dishes to share, and all but one of them were outstanding.  The interior of the place is nice and clean.  The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  The place seemed a little loud, but it could just be the patrons (New Yorkers).  Overall, it's a great place.
Basera,Basera, why must I forsake you??? I know better than to cheat on my tried and true neighborhood Indian joint..I have yet to have an experience that one ups it. I was at an event at FIAF so I decided to venture out a bit from my hood and hit something on the culinary vast land that is midtown east. I chose Chola based on the number of reviews and the stars given. I'll have to say I was a bit disappointed. We walked in on a Monday night around 8:45 and were seated right away, that's a plus. The minus comes about when we waited, and waited, and waited for a server until finally we had to flag one down. I noticed that they had one of my FAV Cali Pinot's by the bottle and I said "yes please!" Lincourt Pinot Noir, I never see it on a list and the fact that it was only $40 a bottle when at the winery it's close to $30 I was uber exited. Sad face, our waited then brings over a bottle of some schlock Pinot from New Zealand that I've never heard of and says" this is the same price" well I've never heard of it and for all I know it's a $9 bottle, no thank you. I decided to go with the Firestone Merlot which was great. We weren't starving and it was late so we decided to split a few things. We started with a chicken starter that sounded really great but the pieces of chicken were all fatty. They were supposed to be with garlic, chili's, onions and cilantro but I had to keep dipping the chunks in the sauce they serve you at the beginning because they really had no flavor. For an entree we decided to be brave and order the Vegetable Phall. Now our waiter did warn us that it was super hot but we like hot so we said OK. WOWIE, he was NOT kidding us on that, almost inedible but still good. We ordered the rice with green peas and cumin and this was good but hey, how do you screw up rice? All in all, I'm sticking with my neighborhood joint, Basera on 9th ave in the Kitchen.
Uggghh... other people must be going to a different Chola.  The lunch buffet at this place is expensive, and poor.  Compared to the other Indian buffets around the area, this place just doesn't cut it.  The restaurant setting is nice, but that's about it.  Try Darbar a few block away.
My girlfriend and I were looking for an Indian restaurant during our visit in Manhattan last February. For her first Indian Lunch I wanted to go to a yummy and affordable place. Iphone in hand, reading reviews we decided to give a try to Chola and we had a blast! Instead of getting the Lunch buffet we decided to try some of favs plates off the menu. DELICIOUS.  Belly full and happy we were leaving when (the owner or manager) decided to bring us free desserts! Thank Chola and Yelpers for this great experience!
This is one of my favorite Indian restaurant in New York City. They use fresh ingredients, the flavor is intense, and portions are huge. However, it is slightly pricier than an average Indian restaurant. Every entree comes with appetizer and dessert. I always order the lamb Saag, because I can see the deep green shreds of spinach and it tastes so creamy, salty, mildly spicy, and lamb is tender and flavorful. Their mango lassi is also very good. An Indian friend of mine used to say that you can judge how good an Indian restaurant is by their samosas, and the samosas here are amazing!!!! Five Stars!
Great place. Plentiful lunch buffet. Lamb Karahi and the Kheer are awesome. Friendly staff, kind faces and a torrent of amazing tandoori chicken circulating.I'll be back.
I've never had anything here that I didn't love.First of all, $13.95 for Indian buffet lunch is amazing, it's $8 to fill up a to-go container.The buffet has an array of delicious chicken, shrimp, lamb, and vegetarian dishes. They also bring delicious tandoori chicken and a refreshing chickpea, puffed rice dish. My favorite part of Chola is dessert...I always fill up on the sweet rice pudding and gulab jamun (fried dough in syrup).We've hosted a few large lunches (17ppl) here without a hitch.5 stars for Chola!
Ordered food for delivery tonight -- an order of chicken tikka masala, an order of vegetable samosas, and an order of garlic naan. Total of $35.87 post-tax and before tip. The portions were certainly generous, and the restaurant included some pappad with the standard chutneys and a little dessert as well -- nice touch. The quality of the food, however, was mediocre at best. Both the chicken and the samosas were incredibly bland; some of the chicken was burned (the tikka masala actually tasted like a vodka sauce with a hint of spice). Rangoli, at 2nd between 72nd and 73rd, does a dinner special that includes a choice of entree, a choice of appetizer, chutneys and naan for approximately $16.31 post-tax and before tip -- if you want garlic instead of plain naan the price goes up by about a dollar, so I could have had the same meal from Rangoli tonight for less than half of the price of the food I ordered from Chola. Now, neither of these is a restaurant to write home about, but I've ordered from Rangoli multiple times and the samosas are invariably tastier than what I got from Chola tonight, and I'd say the quality of the entrees I've ordered from Rangoli is about on par with Chola's tikka masala. With such mediocre fare, Chola's high prices just aren't warranted :(
Just as a disclaimer, I am not a big fan of Indian food, in general.  However, I have had my fair share of Indian food and believe that I am able to tell the difference between what is and what is not good.  We came here on a Saturday brunch, which is all you can eat for (I think) $15.  However, they had this weird system where they brought out some foods to the table, and you could get other things yourself.  Their naan is hand made, and very soft and fluffy.  I actually liked it, but my friends didn't seem to like it as much.  Since they brought it to the table themselves, we didn't get enough of it, until after we were too stuffed to eat anymore, by which time we (ironically) had plenty.  There were a couple chicken dishes which were ok, but not that good.  It seemed that there was much more sauce than chicken, which made it difficult to place on your plate.   Many of the items were fried and overly greasy.  And at the end, the price seemed to far outweigh the quality.
Chola was delicious!!!  My friend and I went a few nights ago and the food was excellent!  Nisar, the manager, was extremely friendly and helpful in deciding what to order!  His suggestions were perfect and we will definitely be back!  Must go!
There are 3 indian places on this block, and in my opinion this one is the best. Yummy, authentic, fast service, pleasant space. Large portions- I went with a friend and we split an appetizer and entree for dinner and had plenty of food.On the weekends they have a $14 all-you-can-eat lunch buffet which seems to last all day. All you can eat buffets usually conjure up the idea of gross, cheap food which has been sitting out all day- not the case here. A serious line-up of authentic, fresh, delicious food- so many options, all delicious! I highly recommend this lunch deal, its the best around.
This is  a favorite of my husband, who is of Indian origin. Maybe it is the regularity of our visits that got me to like this place and the cuisine so much. Personally, I love their paneer based dishes and the tandoori stuff. Overall, i would say this ranks among the top 5 Indian restaurants in NYC.
In town for business and this was a great place to stop for a bite. Lamb was tender, sauces were flavorful and rich. Service was top notch -- friendly, and my water glass was always filled. Naan portion was large and beers were cheap for NY -- $5. Stop by and give it a try.
Perhaps at first you may think the price of this buffet is a little high ($14, I think), but what you don't know is they bring you a TON of food to your table in addition to what's on the buffet. Not to mention, there is a pretty good veg selection on the buffet. My sister wants to move to NYC, and Chola is one of the reasons on her list. Enough said.
Yes! Yes! Yes!Right after you shop till you drop, we dropped by Chola right around Bloomingdales for some great Indian food.  The prices were slightly high, but the dishes were superb and the portions were good.  The restaurant feels very elegant and comfortable.  The service was great too as the waiter was always making sure my glass of water was filled.  We ordered the curry coconut chicken, chicken byirani, and another chicken dish.  To top it off we had garlick naan.  The portions were more than enough for 3 girls...we had to doggy bag it. I would def go back to this place.
Usually my go-to SeamlessWeb place for Indian food, I just have to say that they REEEEALLY dropped the ball tonight.Imagine the scenario...1) Been working past 10PM every night for as long as you can remember...2) which includes a 9+ hour day on Sunday.3) You skip lunch due to conference calls and meetings...4) and you get dragged into a 4.5 hour meeting...5) at 4:30PM...6) which means, by the time you get out at 9PM, you haven't eaten in 12 hours.7) You order a nice, fatty Indian dish, along with a side of much-needed naan a.k.a. carbs.8) Your fatty Indian dish arrives (predictably good), but...9) your naan does not.10) You call them to say "my naan didn't get here," and they say they're sending some over.11) Two hours later (a.k.a. two hours into the work that the 4.5 hour-long meeting produced), you realize your naan NEVER got here.12) You are also still working on work...which looks like it will never end.This dirty dozen, when added up, can only mean one thing:1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 + 8 + 9 + 10 + 11 + 12 = YOU ARE ONE ANGRY MOFO.DON'T GET IN MY WAY OR I'LL CUT YOU!!!!SHANK SHANK!!
I've been trying to stay away from buffets because I have no self-control on how much to eat. I eat and eat and eat until the point of no return and my stomach feels like it's going to explode.Well, today we were walking down 58th St. and noticed several Indian restaurants all beside one another. We decided to check out Chola for their Executive Lunch Buffet for $13.95. We arrived around 12:10 pm and the place was pretty empty, with 2-3 tables occupied by patrons. To note, there were about 15 tables seating parties mostly 2-4 people. The decor was somewhat modern and hip with multicolored (purple, yellow, and green) walls, wooden floors, and a few antique chandeliers on the low 10 ft ceiling. All tables were had tablecloths and brown cushioned seats. Near the front is a full bar for those in need of a cocktail.Along the right side of the restaurant is where the lunch buffet is set up. There are about 5-6 different chutneys, and about 7-8 different dishes ranging from Chicken Tikka Masala, lamb saag, aloo gobi saag paneer, dhania chili chicken, and a few more. Near the end of the table were Coconut Chutney, white lentil cakes, fried lentil, lentil donuts in syrup, and a few more dishes. I'm a big fan of cilantro, so one of my favorite Chutney's was the Mint Chutney which also had cilantro. YUM! The rest of the dishes varied in the different southern spices of India, chicken tender, lamb tender. Most of the dishes were decent but nothing was to-die-for, except for maybe the Mint Chutney. For you spice lovers, nothing was too spicy here, mostly mild at the most.As we were seated, they dropped off a couple dishes (naan, samosa, and some sort of fried vegetable that was salted). They also brought a few other dishes as we were eating, a rolled up pancake/crepe with potatoes in it, and a couple different types of cooked chicken. I was pretty surprised by the amount of food they had come by with, and was quite interested in all of it.Service was great. The waiters always came by to refill our glasses of water before it was even half empty. And a waiter always seemed to come by every 10 minutes or so, offering patrons to try one of their dishes that were not being served at the buffet table (I guess that is what is meant when they say 'Executive' Lunch Buffet). Finished plates were taken away from the tables as soon as we got up to get more food, which is one thing I take note of. I don't like coming back to my table that's filled with used dishes.Around 1pm, this place became insanely packed and all but 1 or 2 tables were occupied. Some patrons came in to get a lunch box to go ($9-$11) where they fill up silver aluminum platters with the buffet food.In all, the food was decently good but nothing was amazing. Service was great and I was content with my meal, leaving with a full stomach. The highlight of this place were probably the waiters coming around to offer some of their other dishes. For that, I'll give it 4 stars. Otherwise, I'd give it 3 stars if it weren't for that extra bit of service that they gave us.
I love this place!! I would definitely say that this is the most delicious in the neighborhood and a contender against anything in Jackson Heights I have had. We typically order take out - always delicious, always quick to the door. Samosas are amazing and so its the chicken tikka masala! LOVE LOVE LOVE
Fantastic Indian food, buffet style. Some of the best Indian I have had. Only $15 a person for all-you-can-eat. I will absolutely be back to this place.
I can't say I've explored the Indian food genre thoroughly enough to have solid opinion on where this place falls. A 5 star rating yields a sense of awe, although I have yet to experience that when it come to Indian food, as much as I enjoy it. Nevertheless I would dare to say so far this place ranks rather highly. The portions here were substantial (unusual in my experience so far), but it wasn't quantity over quality. Everything was fresh and tasty (I do love spicy). Service was average and the decor was rather upscale, felt a little under dressed. Quite a pleasant experience.
The food was great.  The service was atrocious.  We arrived early for a 7 PM dinner for a party of 5 to make sure their was plenty of time for our party to be accommodated.  Even though there were plenty of tables available we were seated at a corner table for 4 with a chair at the end.  Then, after they had served bread, we were offered to move to a larger table.  We declined.  The manager then said he needed us to move because he wanted our table to combine with another for a different party.  At the new table, I was constantly bumped by waitstaff.As I said, the food was great.   The onion naan was awesome.  I just with there had been a basic demonstration of customer service.
Chola is fantastic. I've never had a bad meal there. The service is fantastic. I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood!
I think one of the reasons why this place disappointed me a little was the fact that some of my friends had raved about this earlier and the expectations were set. The food wasn't spectacular and the ambiance a little above pedestrian which overall left me hungry for more (not literally though)A weekend Indian buffet lunch always sounds like a good idea, especially if one has sampled Indian desserts which are heavenly sinful and a lil extra sweet. I am talking about the usual suspects: 1. Gulabjamuns (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gu…) 2. Kheer (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kh…) The ambiance: The place hasn't been done up badly at all but does tend to get a little congested at times. If one gets a corner seat right at the end, then the only way to get to the buffet spread is to wriggle through the people and dining tables you encounter on the way. No big deal though. The buffet: I would have liked if there were more salad options available. There were just about 3 or 4 types of salad, a similar number of non-veg and veg preparations. And the desserts were gulabjamun and kheer which werent bad. But I think one expects more variety from an Indian buffet (I have had one at "Darbar Grill" at NYC which I liked a lot more, especially the salads and the desserts options) which was lacking.I would rate it a so-so place !
So I read about phaal curry, the spiciest curry in the world. Curry must not be spicy b/c the phaal curry spiciness is a MYTH. I went into this place with two friends, one a fan of spicy food, another that's not. We ordered the phaal curry and told them to make it as spicy as possible. They came back out with it. We all each tried it. None of us had a reaction. It wasn't spicy. The waiter sees this and asks, is it okay? I reply, "it's not that spicy." He says, "you want it spicier?" "Yes please.""Okay."He took it back to make it spicier. Obviously if he's taking it back to make it spicier, he didn't make it as spicy as possible in the first place like I asked!So he comes back out with it, the waiters surround our table, we all each try it again. NOTHING. My goldfish swims in spicier water than this. Also, not only is phaal curry not spicy, it tastes like shit. It's just salty and tastes like chili pepper. We ended up dropping about $150 total on dinner, including 2 other dishes, bread, beer, mango lassies, tax and tip. Besides the whole disappointment with the phaal, the service was decent and the restaurant looked pretty nice. But taking into consideration the price, failure to live up to the hype and overall taste of the food, I can't give this place more than 2 stars. I'd feel bad recommending this place to any of my friends. Good Indian food is out there, but it's few and far between. I think you'd have better luck in Queens.
I love Indian food and the Indian food in Jackson Heights is way more authentic but majority of the time I don't feel like schlepping out there.  This is definitely one of the better places in the city.  The samosas and dosa are pretty yummy and taste almost like an aunty made them.  The entrees are pretty good too and very filling.  The chicken tikka masala is always a safe bet.
My quest for great indian food in midtown continues. I ordered the langarwali daal, the navratan korma (paneer and vegetables in a savory sauce) and some naan from here off of seamless. The daal was pretty bland and a bit too watery for my liking. The paneer dish would actually have been pretty good if it wasn't extremely oily. There was a substantial layer of oil covering the entire top of the dish. So much that I had to scoop it out with a spoon.
This place is delicious.  Wasn't a huge fan of Indian cusine, until I tried this place.  Now I'm hooked.  We had the Samosa, Lamb Madras, & Chicken Korma.  All were delicious. The Naan was so good, I couldn't stop eating it.  I will be coming back.
Trendy lil joint with excellent, filling Indian food.  I came here for brunch on Sunday, and was very pleased.  The place is neat, colorful, and clean.  The quality of the food was good, and there was a varied spread layed out in the front buffet style for brunch.  I ate so much (during late brunch) that I had trouble finding room for din!Dosas, I think, are my new fave ...
This is the best Indian I've had to date. Very well prepared and seasoned. Beautiful atmosphere (pretty high end) and good service. The couple times I've come here I didn't have a reservation and also didn't have to wait (although if you go during prime times on a weekend you might want to make a reservation). I've also had the buffet and I think you get better seasoned, fresher, and hotter food if you order off the menu (I suppose it depends on what time you get there) you'll be stuffed either way. This place is leans toward the pricer side as far as Indian food goes but I think its well worth treating yourself to some awesome Indian now and again. UDPATE:I originally had this place as 5 stars but a bad experience today made me take off a star (I even considered dropping them a few stars). I came in at around 2pm to try their lunch buffet. The guy at the front told me to take a seat at a specific table toward the back (not sure why I couldn't have picked my own table). I sat there while three waiters passed me multiple times taking care of the 5 or so tables with customers at them. I was very patient but after almost 10 minutes sitting there trying to lock eye contact with someone to help me I just gave up and left.
$8.50 for basically as much as you can cram in a large takeout container for lunch, so it's good for two days of lunches. You get bread on the side also. Food is amazing and authentic. Most of it is on the mild side of spiciness. Will be back!
I think I have had better buffets in nyc than the one i had it here. It was unfortunate that the day i visited their AC was out of order. They serve dosa on the table is a very good thing, but the dosa was all cold and did not taste as good.The pani puri on the counter was just OK. I would prefer other restuarants over this one for sure..
My water glass never made it to empty and I drink a lot of water, needless to say service was amazing to go along with most important the food. Very tasty sauces for chicken tikka and a shrimp dish I forget the name. Everyone was so extremely nice and constantly looking after the table. Must go and enjoy!
Went for dinner and was blown away at how good it is. Some of the best indian food I've ever eaten. Downsides are that rice is extra, but their rice flavors are excellent. Lemon rice is phenomenal. Can't remember the name of the dish but the cauliflower w sort of a general tsao's sweet chili sauce was exceptional.
Lots of dish options at the lunch buffet, the chicken tikka masala is a classic and always delicious, their naan is always freshly made and so soft, chicken tikka might have been the best I've had.The restaurant feels super fancy which is a cool contradiction to what you would assume a buffet would look like. The naan, chicken tikka and some additional dishes are served by waiters straight to the table, which is a surprisingly nice addition to have both the buffet line, waiter service and some free dishes that allowed me to try some new items that I might not have picked up in the buffet line.
I get cravings for good Indian food, but it can be difficult to find quality, reasonable priced Indian food.  Chola sufficiently satisfied my big appetite.  I went there around 1:45PM on a Saturday.  The restaurant is small and the tables are close together, but the setting is clean and classy.  The restaurant was full at the time.  I got the lunch buffet take out, which consisted of a 1.25 quart container that I could fill with entrees (including chicken, lamb, vegetable, chickpeas, etc), a small container for dessert (that I filled with several round, sweet balls of galub jamon), and warm naan bread that was wrapped for me in aluminum foil.  There was a good variety of food and it was well-spiced and tasty.  I was pleasantly surprised with the service.  Although the restaurant was busy and I got buffet take-out, the staff graciously helped me close my container which was embarrassingly overstuffed and packed everything up nicely for me to take home.
Too good, authentic Indian food! Don't forget the panipuri.
Great Saturday lunch buffet (around $15) and very authentic tasting Indian Food. They had Dosas and Chaat as appetizers and the buffet had some good chicken dishes, wada and Iddli. Stuffed myself to the max! .Only thing is that it got a little hot with the air-conditioning not being strong enough and I thought that their dessert menu could do with some more dishes
Holy cow this was terrible!  My girlfriend is South Indian and Chola makes some South Indian food that she wanted to try.  We ordered it and when I tasted it, I said, wow, I really don't like South Indian food.  She then tried it and said, well, wait until you try real south indian food, cause this is just bad.  Apparently the north indian food is better, because she's eaten at the lunch buffet and found it adequate.  But avoid ordering off the south indian menu.  To their credit, Chola reimbursed us for the dinner.  Thanks for that, but I don't think we'll be order again.  Cheerios for dinner!
Delicious! I came here for dinner with a group and had low expectations. I had eaten at the nearby Yuva which was eh, so I figured the area wouldn't be so great for indian.But this place gave me the best Lamb Rogan Josh I've ever had. The naan was chewy and delicious. The service was great, too. The cooking here had something special to it. I really appreciated that they went the extra mile on their dishes. Everyone at the table, from the vegetarians to the vegan to the guy who loves LAMB (ME!) was impresses.
+ | ++ | +++Variety+++Ambiance+++Attitude+++Service++Quality+++The Vaas Q Review
I was in London a few weeks back and had an amazing Chicken Balti (basically chicken cooked with tomatoes, onions, peppers, and Indian goodness). The waiter was really pushing me towards it and I was well rewarded with a light, tasty bowl of delicious.Fast forward today.  Checked in at my hotel with a night of work ahead of me (minus a yelp break) and in need of seamless.  One bowl of Balti later and I'm in London in my mind and have a huge smile on my face.  Also tried some yogurt side with Okra in it.  Kind of strange but quite good.  Four stars instead of five because the Naan was a little too doughey and heavy for my taste.  Plus I'm stingy with my fifth star.Delivery was prompt and although a bit pricey for takeout Indian, portions are generous.
ordered delivery through seamless this time - it was slow but the food was still really good! it's a relatively expensive option though..
Brilliant Southern Indian food! The Lamb pepper fry, Aunt Murli's goat curry and Aunt Murli's chicken were out of this world! Also tried some of the North Indian appetizers - the Bhel Puri and Kurkuri Bhindi were perfect Got to be one of the best in NYC.
Went there for lunch special - to go. For about 8 bucks, you get ridiculous amount of good food. Palak paneer-good, Naan-good ( not awesome though), mix-veg okay, and their desert specially gulab jamun is delicious. oh yea and separate container for desert makes lunch special really a special.(Chicken biryani and lamp dishes were good to - my colleague stated that)Kudos for good quality food in this price in manhattan!!
I once recommended Chola to a close friend, and I regret that deeply now. I just can't seem to get him to try another Indian restaurant after that! Frankly, in this city of excellent dining options, a restaurant needs to be pretty special for me to frequent it a 3rd time --- let alone for the nth time. I personally don't think Chola merits that status.The best way to get acquainted with Chola is through their fixed price lunch buffet that provides an excellent opportunity to get to try their variety of dishes. I am not a buffet fan, as food quality is generally sub-par. But, Chola is the exception to the rule --- particularly so on a weekend when there is a long line of patrons waiting to savor the extensive list of dishes on the buffet. Not only do they do a competent job at the lunch Buffet, but they also have the most extensive menu (ergo the name), bar none, for an Indian restaurant in New York! This isn't even up for debate. They have dishes from ALL of India's culinary regions --- covering all cuisines from North Indian (Mughal and Punjabi) and South Indian (Kerala, Andhra, Karnatka, and Tamil Nadu) and also cover a few dishes from Calcutta.  So, you can get everything from Dosas/Uttapam to Vindaloo/Phal, from stir fry to Tandoor, Vegan/Vegetarian to lamb, chicken and calamari.However, I am not sure whether a la carte service has lived upto the expectations from it --- particularly in the past few months. Consistency has slipped a notch or so.Further, competent service is a recurring problem in spite of a plethora of servers available to attend to you. In fact that seems to be the cause of the problem as a different waiter is showing up every few minutes, without any idea of what was earlier said to the previous one.My recommendation: Try their Sunday buffet. It reigns supreme. You get to sample a variety of dishes, don't need to be bothered by the servers, and leave without denting your wallet. If you really like it, be adventurous and come back to try some of the chef recommended items on the menu --- but not those featured on Martha Stewart!
From all the reviews, I had higher expectations for this place. My wife and I were extremely disappointed eating here. The ambient is not bad and servers are very friendly and attentive. My problem with this restaurant is that the food is lack-luster. I eat Indian food all the time and expect my dishes to have complex flavors. The dishes we ordered here, butter paneer and bhangan bharta, were rather bland. I had ordered the shrimp appetizer, which was not bad, but had too much lemon flavor.  We barely touched the bhangan and our waiter offered to exchange it for another entree, but we were done with this place.
This restaurant should be called Chola: ABSURDLY OVERPRICED Indian Cuisine, NOT "eclectic." I paid $14.95 for a simple, bland Saag Panner which averages $8.95-$9.95 in ANY Indian restaurant in Manhattan or the BEST joints in Queens. Spinach and homemade cheese isn't a rare, "eclectic" delicacy--C'MON! AND Indian entrees usually come with rice, no? Mine came with a glass of water and slow service. For some reason, everyone got the usual appetizer sauce samplers w/papadums, BUT ME. 10mins. after ordering, I tried to get my server's attention but got a harried, stressed out look instead...with a whopping 6 tables in ALL of the restaurant (avg 15-20 tables).I asked the server if my dish usually came with rice or naan, as with other restaurants, but he replied that in Indian culture you only eat with one or the other. C'mon, I know better. So...if I hadn't ordered my $4 Garlic Nan side basket, I'd have had a **filling** dinner of 1 CUP of Saag Paneer...for $14.95? Save your hard-earned $, take a cab on 1st Av (heading downtown) and zoom down to Curry Hill, on 3rd Av. between 26th & 30th for amazing, CHEAP Indian with better service and flavorful food!
The lunch buffet is a great value. If you get take out, you can fill up the container yourself at the buffet. Like the name says, there was a good variety. The food had great flavor and I got the impression they didn't load up their dishes with as much heavy cream and butter as a lot of other Indian places in the area. Not only did I taste the spices better, I didn't feel like I wanted to pass out on my desk when I was done.Ok, that's a lie. I definitely wanted a nap. But you get my point.
Very consistent, and great food.  This is my favorite place to go when I have a huge craving for south Indian food (which happens quite frequently).  Their lunch buffet is great - very filling and lots of variety.  I also love the fact that they bring tandoor grills and dosas to your table.Have been here many many times and will keep coming back!
Very delicious food! They gave me and my hubby vegetarian curry in the house! The mangolassi drink was so good. Would definitely come back here!!!
I love that this restaurant has menu options categorized for vegetarians and vegans.  The naan is incredible, and our entrees had great flavor, although they were a tad greasy.  The place has a really cool ambiance, but it's a bit ruined by how incredibly loud it gets.  On a Friday or Saturday night it can get too hard to hear the people you're sitting with.  If possible, don't settle for the three tables in the front by the bar - it gets incredibly packed over there with people waiting in line to be seated an your dinner will feel cramped and far from intimate.  I'll come back for the paneer/vegetable masala and deliciousss naan.
I was immediately impressed with Chola before even being seated. Whereas in many busy restaurants, arriving over 30 minutes after your reservation time might result in a wait or unhappy host, Chola didn't so much as bat an eyelash. They sat us right away and in what was going to be a trend for the rest of dinner, service at Chola is A+. Our appetizers consisted of Samosas and a lime tandoori chicken. Both were a nice way to start off the meal. For my entree, I was in the mood for some spice so ordered the Vindaloo. The blend of chiles and vinegar did not disappoint. Accompanied with some tasty coconut rice to douse out the flames a bit, I was very happy with my meal. The wait staff was extremely attentive, willing to offer advice on the menu, as well as bringing out a fresh bowl of jasmine rice on the house after we finished the rice we had ordered.If there was one recommendation I would make to Chola, at least from the food I had ordered, it would be to add a touch more salt to their dishes. Then again, I tend to prefer more salt to less. Whether getting quick takeout or sitting down in their dining room, you'll certainly enjoy your meal.
I had a great lunch experience at Chola. We went for the buffet option during the week, which was absolutely worth it. The selection is large and - unlike in some other Indian restaurants I've been to - they make sure all the dishes are available until the end. We were also positively surprised that they served us some kind of samosa and grilled chicken, which is not expected with the buffet option. Service was efficient and the waiters were attentive. Altogether, Chola well deserves the great ratings.
We Picked Chola for my husband's birthday dinner and the entire family was completely underwhelmed. I expected a little more cutting edge food in terms of taste and presentation. The decor was a bit cheesy and the staff seemed to be more attentive to the non-Indian diners. We had the chicken and vegetable vindaloo and both dishes lacked any appeal. The dal makhani was pretty unforgettable too.
Went here last night for the in-laws anniversary dinner. They are traditional indian folks and very tough critics of restaurants. The appetizers here were not so great so we were getting nervous. However, when the dinner came it all turned around. The food was delicious!We ordered a variety of dishes and shared them among the 6 of us. Our favorites were the South Indian Eggplant Kothimeera, Fish Moilee, and Paneer Kali Mirch. The eggplant blew me away and I cant wait to go back and try it again. Service was great and everyone was very friendly. This is now our #1 indian spot in NYC
Ugh...very good but way too pricey for what it is.  Given the fine indian dining in NYC, there's no way that Chola should be charging Tamarind prices.  The food was delicious for sure.  Lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala, were outstanding.  But with two mediocre glasses of wine and only two entrees, we walked out of there for around $100 and in mild disbelief over the price-to-value.  Along those lines, $5 for rice after $20+ entrees?  Seriously folks, that's insulting.
This is one of the best indian restaurants in the city!! We have been here several times -- both for lunch and for dinner and have never been disappointed. The buffet has great selection and a variety of north indian and south indian dishes including dosas, idli, vada and chat/samosa. The pepper curry they use in chicken and paneer dishes is absolutely yummy and unmatched. Naan is soft and their selection of dishes is diverse. They have south indian entrees such as bagare baingan and also many paneer dishes. Always a delight to eat here!
Great buffet. The best south indian food I have had at a buffet. fresh and authentic south Indian food.
Excellent service and good food. We only ordered the butter chicken and the garlic naan bread as it was late.
Overpriced! $18 chicken tikka masala that does not come with rice or naan and was not even the equivalent of one chicken breast? So disappointed. Maybe it's worth it at lunchtime if they have a special but don't come for dinner.
I really enjoyed my dinner here. The food was very good, as was the service. As a 20-something, I found the atmosphere lacking. It's more of a business crowd, even for dinner. Further, the decor is quite boring. Still, I would return for the food and the service.
I never thought I would recommend skipping Chola for greener pastures but I have had three mediocre meals there in a row.  The quality has declined sharply in recent years and I can no longer recommend it as the best place on the block; it's still good but is no longer great.
Best Indian I've had in a super long time! Loved everything about this restaurant including the staff!
I've been here twice. It's very overpriced Indian food. The garlic naan was great of course. The chicken tikka masala was typical. The mixed tandoori grill plate looked cool but I wasn't too crazy about the way the fish tasted...it was a bit dry.
My meal at Chola was one I will remember forever with great fondness.  We made reservations on Christmas day for 5 people.   Within our group we had tomato, gluten, nut, and dairy allergies to deal with.  We did not think we could get their buffet with all of our special needs.  Boy, were we wrong.  Upon sitting down our server carefully walked us thru the buffet to show us what was safe for each person and what was not.  There were a few items that were off limits, but they had prepared special dishes as substitutes and brought them to the table as needed.  Not only could everyone in our sensitive diet group eat many different options, but the food was out of this world!  The flavors were so wonderful, I cant stop thinking about the food, I want it for every meal.  The service was remarkable, the ambiance was clean and cozy, and the food was the real star, every dish was so good I could not pick a favorite.  Chola knows good Indian cuisine, good service, and somehow they deliver it all at an affordable price.  My greatest expectations were by far exceeded.
A la scott goes Indian at an upper east side favorite. Chola is a very modestly priced eclectic mix of well prepared Indian specialties. The curry goat is one of my favorites--rich--thick--and just the right amount of spice.  The garlic nan bread so good it's hard to have just one order.  And the indian rices offer a great variety of flavor. I've been here several times and I happy to say it's become an old reliable choice for great Indian food. And it's right around the corner from Bloomingdales!!Without a doubt A La Scott gives Chola a solid 4 stars.
I am a big Indian food lover.  For a Caucasian probably the biggest I know. Having been to tons of places in NY and DC, I think Chola is the best.  Not for the dishes alone, but overall, this is the restaurant I usually choose to go to.  The menu is very expansive and reasonably priced, the service is fantastic, and the atmosphere is nice too. Sure, you can get better, more exotic, and even more flavorful dishes elsewhere, but for a delicious relaxed dinner, I haven't beaten this.Fresh somosas, served with nice sauce and spicy enough.  Very authentic dosa served as it should be.  Saag paneer was very delicious and flavorful, and the spinach was not too creamy (huge pet peeve of mine!).  Indian food is supposed to trust the ingredients and this place definitely does.  Rice and garlic naan were great, as was paratha.  Not greasy whatsoever! Quick too!
South Indian cuisine- YUMMY.Try the spicy shrimp in coconut
Decent Indian food if you like Indian food to begin with, I personally is not a huge fan of Indian food, but this one blew me away. The restaurant decor, ambiance and service is also very good.
I've never tried the buffet, but I've ordered dinner off the menu and it was delicious! The biryani was a little on the oilier side, which I wasn't a big fan of but it was still good. However, I got delivery once and the biryani wasn't that great at all; not sure if it was an off day or what. However, my restaurant experience was good, I'll definitely go back.
Good Indian food. They didn't have idli & dosa on the menu, but made it for us. Vegetarian friendly. Quick service. Pleasant atmosphere.
we stopped by Chola for a friend's birthday on Friday, and had the best experience. As it was a work day, so our schedule was a little too tight, but we were seated immediately and the food as well as the service was amazing, I would definitely recommend this place to everyone who are looking for authentic indian food..!! I am very much looking forward to dining in Chola again.
Meh. Forgettable decor, pricey, can't believe they charge $5 for just plain basmati rice. The samosas I had were okay, the tamarind baigan (eggplant) I had was just so sticky sweet that I had to scrape off the sauce with my fork. However, my friend did order a chicken with creamy spinach dish that was incredible. I ended up sticking my spoon in her chicken-spinach dish a few too many times, and abandoned my eggplant and samosa in the end.
Great place for Indian food, close to my work, I go almost twice a week for the buffet lunch, and still havent gotten bored of it, the food is very authentic Indian. The buffet is a steal for the price, all you can pack in the box... Try the chicken Biriyani on Fridays, it's just too awesome to miss...
How I miss you, Chola!  This is by far my favorite place to go for an indian brunch.  Food is consistently good, fresh, and the variety is hard to beat.  With the quality, you wouldn't even realize it's an AYCE brunch buffet.  I can tell the food is fresh because my stomach isn't turning an hour later like it does when I had indian lunch buffets at other places even the famous jackson diner in queens.
five stars for their indian buffet!!the place is designed to make you feel like a king. the high-backed chairs, the button leather seats, the lavish indian design. they feed you fresh-out-of-the-oven tandoori chicken...the naan is good. the entrees are fantastic and nicely done. this place blows all other buffet places out of the water. buffet tends to be quantity over quality, but this place has both!and then you leave with a happy tummy.
My experience for a Sat lunch buffet was only so so.  It was nice that they brought small plates of appetizers to your table, and the service was good.  However, the food was a disappointment.Most dishes were too salty but not much flavor for my taste.  Then, there is this strange smell of cleaning bleach solvents that lingered, especially strong whenever a restaurant staff opened/closed the door to the kitchen.  Overall, the food = 2 starsservice = 4 stars
Some of the best Indian food that I have had. Went here on a recommendation of someone who knew the Chef. Had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was incredable! Service was excellent.
Great selection, good service, nice ambiance at an amazing price! The best part of the buffet is that you get to try different things you might not normally order. Then you can get another round of the things you did enjoy (or as many rounds as youd like for that matter). The food was very authentic, and tasty. I especially loved the chicken dish, and I got to try some dessert items which I had never had before. Best of all, was that for around $15/person, you will be stuffed with delicious food!!!
This is great Indian food and very well priced. Unlike some of the crappy joints on lexington e.g. Kailash Parbat, the food here is really good and the buffet is the best I have had. Their food actually has some thought and creativity in it. I love the south indian fare they dish up.
(FYI : I was born and brought up in India, so I admit,  I have strong views on what Indian food should look and taste like :-)Chola is our local go - to when we miss home. The brunch buffet on weekends is noteworthy and the food in general is good.... i love the kurkuri bhindi and chola-bhatura here. Other recommendations would have to be all kinds of chaat (i.e. cold starters-lots of veg options), tandoori chicken, sarson da saag and punjabi karhi, saag paneer. Also, the are surprisingly decent at south indian cuisine too, odd for a place to get both right. kudos!The interiors are sans character but the upside is great authentic indian food.
Chola is not the best indian food I've ever had. But it's really good: fresh, complex and a great deal.  I'd never come here for dinner, but this place is a revolving door for lunch.  You have three choices for lunch: order a dish ($10-ish), take out buffet ($12) or eat in lunch ($15).  For the take out you get rice, naan, dessert and a container you can pack full of food.  It is SO MUCH FOOD.  Two people can split it. If you eat in you get waiters who come around with MORE food- dosa, chicken, pakora, along with baskets of naan.  The service is great- the place is packed with waiters and they're constantly refilling the buffet.  Despite the popularity you're in and out in record time and can almost always grab a table.  Highly recommended for lunch.
Wow. This place was so good! I had the chicken tiki masala and my friend got the vindaloo. Both dishes were very very tender and flavorful. I also ordered mine spicy, and it came with a kick but nothing debilitating. This is how I prefer it! Good job on level of spiciness, that is not an easy thing to do. I am leaving this place on the menu for a while until I can same everything!  I can't wait to sample more of these flavors. Thanks for reading and enjoy.
Goat was a little fatty. With the bone not to easy to eat. Chicken was great!  I think I was a bit inderdressed
Yummy in my tummy. Went with my boss, so good!! Buffet style lunch.. Awesome dessert!
Consistently my favorite Indian in NYC. I usually get the veggie samosas and saag paneer. The saag is amazing (the only place I have had better is in India itself). You do have to look them in the eye when you say you want something and mean it. I think it depends on the day sometimes my food is too spicy, sometimes just right and sometimes too mild, but the flavors are always great! My mom still talks about this place after coming here nearly 2 years ago!Try the habañero naan if you like spicy food!
Chola was good, but the lingering doubts mean that I can't give it a hearty recommendation.  It seems that any decent Indian food in Manhattan is on the east side somewhere, so I should just accept this basic fact.  However, most east side neighborhoods are very difficult for me to get to and I can't completely discount this because the places I frequent uptown are indeed adequate.  This might not be a downer for you, though.The samoas were just okay.  Seemed a bit dry and bland for my taste.  The other appetizer, which I forget the name but basically a mash of chickpeas and chaat masala, was good too but didn't really excite me.The mains were quite good.  Goat curry and a creamy pumpkin/okra dish that had a yogurty tang to it.  Each were satisfying, but the pumpkin/okra dish wasn't very substantial.  A bit light on content for me, but it did taste very good.  And the naan was excellent, nice and crisp but still soft.  I really didn't like the fact that normal rice was an extra charge.The place itself is pretty nice but the bathroom wasn't in great condition.Overall, this place was solid but there are enough things that bothered me to make me not interested in coming back again.  Luckily, quality Indian places are all over the east side...
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city. I've debated making the trip up to New York from Miami just to have another taste of Chola.The taste of the Goan Fish Curry, Aunt Murli's Chingri Malai and the spicy Chicken Vindaloo are wonderful, even when you literally have it every other day like I did.A lot of my meals were delivery rather than eat at the restaurant though, something to keep in mind.Just wonderful Indian food, no other way to describe it!
This was probably the best Indian food I've eaten. I had a vegetarian plate and you would have never guessed there was no meat in it! The price was a little bit more than I would usually pay, but definitely worth it. You could tell it was quality authentic Indian food. Also, it's midtown, so you have to expect prices to be more than the rest of the city.
Last min dinner plans so found this place in yelp with great reviews. Was not disappointed! Gold portions and delicious food. Would definitely come back and bring friends
You can't be disappointed with the food here. But it is not the best Indian food I had in New York, So I rate it at 4.
Came here for lunch on Sunday, it was pretty busy. Being only my 2nd experience w/ an Indian buffet I was a little confused. There were a LOT of options in the buffet, but they didn't have any description other than "chicken masala" or "goat curry." I am a brave eater so I tried pretty much everything, but would have liked to know what is was that I was consuming. Other than that the food was very tasty and nothing was too spicy. Oh and once you sit down they serve you a plate w/ these potato(?) balls in a very yummy sauce and a salad(?) w/ chickpeas and a sweet sauce. The staff was attentive w/ us, constantly refilling our waters and taking our used plates. I work in the area and will be going back for lunch soon!
I am such a fan of this restaurant.  My friend and I were walking all over Midtown when we came across Chola.  We were standing outside trying to get a peek at the menu when the hostess came out and asked us what questions we had.  She even began to explain the difference between North Indian and South Indian cuisine.  Immediately, I was sold by the hostess' actions and wanted to eat here.Once inside, we were given our menu.  There were so many options!  My friend and I couldn't decide what we wanted to eat.  So we closed our menus and decided we would go by our waiter's recommendations.  Lucky for us, Sanji (sp?) was an expert.  After asking us a few questions he chose our entire meal for us.  Oh my goodness it was awesome.  The Lamb was flavorful and spicy.  Two friends joined us later and one was not a fan of Indian food.  He actually tried to cancel on us.  Sanji won him over with a great dish and made our friend a fan.  This restaurant offers exceptional customer service, wonderful food, and a friendly environment.  So stop reading this review and go try it!
There are at least three Indian restaurants within half a block here, but Chola came recommended and turned out to be a good choice.  We made a 7:30 reservation but arrived early and they seated us immediately.  It was nearly empty, but filled up quickly as the night progressed.  The ambiance is very nice, particularly when you first walk in the door.I am not one to normally order a vegetarian dish but we went with the sabji saag malai which has potatoes, cauliflower, and a mild spinach sauce and it was quite yummy.  The chicken tikka masala was good, but the chicken was a little dry despite the tasty sauce.  We also tried the chingri malai which came with shrimp in a tomatoey sauce but was different from that of the masala.  I would recommend any of these dishes to anyone who is not big on spicy food.  I would also suggest trying the coconut rice and garlic naan.Be prepared to spend at least $18 on non-vegetarian dishes.
Ahh, yelp. You so rarely let me down. A quick search led me here and all I have to say is this:Chile cauliflower. WIN.RAGARA, Potatoes, chickpeas, yogurt, chaat masala, cumin, two chutnies. MORE WIN.Shrimp Tikka Masala.... Are you getting the point yet?"upscale" Indian place, cramped and nicely decorated, but what matters is the food, and in the 5-6 times I've been I leave stuffed and happy and walrusing*. Sure, the service isn't great and it takes a long time to get your food, but when it gets there, it's heaven. Just as good as the Indian food my Indian friends mother makes. *Walrusing; when one eats too much and rolls about groaning like a large sea mammal.
Chola has THE BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA! Super tender. You can cut the chicken with a fork, and the sauce is absurdly creamy and flavorful without being overwhelming. They actually listen when you request very spicy so order wisely :)
Yummy yummy!! Good food, slow service, but again....good Indian food. Not for those who cannot eat spicy, so ask for very little kick!! Otherwise, order the Mango Lassi to cool off the tongue.
This is among my favorite India restaurants in NYC. Good food, decent ambiance, friendly staff, and reasonably quick service. Try the chicken tikka masala.
Surprisingly good Indian option in Midtown - came here with a friend who is Punjabi, and it is her favorite spot in the city. Had a dosa and the roti canai, both were great.
The last time I visited Chola I found it to be over-rated and the food was bland, just the South Indian food was good. However, I ordered delivery recently and the food was pretty good. I also went for their weekend brunch which was delicious! I was very surprised. My only complaint with delivery was that the dal was not cooked well and since I requested spicy they dumped green chillies on the top and that was it, it ended up being so spicy that I had to pick out the small chilli pieces while eating. Other than that, I recommend this place especially for their lunch buffet.Regarding service, I have yet to come across an Indian restaurant with good service. Not that there was anything to complain about at Chola, there was nothing to write home about either. They kept coming to clear the table while I was eating, and when we needed it to be cleared there was nobody around. Again nothing to complain about, happens everywhere.
After an evening of shopping on Lexington Ave., I was craving something spicy and ricy! Yelpers directed me (via my iPhone) towards Chola Eclectic Indian Cuisine and I couldn't have been happier! We were seated immediately around 7pm on Saturday night. I loved the decor, colorfully painted walls and beautiful chandeliers. I thought it was odd that there is a full bar, but it's not meant for people to sit at because there are no stools. A complementary plate of poppert and accompanying sauces was the first indication of a good meal. We started with a vegetarian appetizer, Bhajia (Deep fried fritters, eggplant, onions, bell peppers, & potatoes) with a couple of sweet and spicy sauces. It was truly unique and delicious! The pieces weren't heavily fried and you could actually taste the veggies.In choosing our entrees, we noticed that a couple of dishes had Martha Stewart's endorsement and we asked the waiter if she was a regular.  He replied that she came in once and these are the dishes she ordered...so how does that constitute an endorsement?? Anyway, I chose the Chicken Saag Tikka and my boyfriend had the Chicken Chutneywala (Martha's fave).  The Saag Tikka was a spinach curry with chunks of chicken and veggies, while the Chutneywala was a mango curry. I found the Saag Tikka a bit heavy, but very flavorful and not overwhelmingly spicy. The Chutneywala was by far the winner on the table, with a delicious combo of sweet mango and spicy curry flavors! The garlic naan was perfect: not greasy, light and fluffy. The service was great, with attentive waiters, but not overbearing. At the end of the meal we paid our check and sat for awhile to finish our bottle of wine and no one shooed us away.  Overall, this was a great place for delicious Indian food on the east side, although maybe a touch on the pricy side for the size of the portions.
One of my very favorite Indian places in NYC. I am particularly a fan of the appetizers/chaats. I can order a couple of those and call it a whole meal.
Ambiance is nice, food is about the best Indian food I've ever had.  Waiter could have been a bit more friendly, but all in all a great experience
Not a bad place out there but as well not the best Indian food I had. Its ok. The menu is reasonably priced, and the selection is not bad, though I think they somehow being adapting spices and preparation methods to the local market - it doesn't taste as Indian as it should. The staff is nice and attentive.I have nothing bad to say about it, but at the same time nothing wow.I would recommend this place if you live near by, but it is not worth a trip.
I haven't had Indian food in a decade and Chola was the right place to relive the experience. Come early because the place fills up after 6PM on a weekday. We were so hungry, and it didn't help with the delicious aroma floating through the restaurant, so we ordered several dishes, including some that had the thumbs up symbol which were recommended.We got a few complimentary dishes including something similar to a hard tortilla shell but thinner and crispier. It came with three unique dipping sauces. One reminded me of chimichurri sauce, another curry-inspired, and a third that looked like tomatoes but a thicker consistency and texture. Thin chips accompanied a vegetable spread which was interesting; I couldn't taste the veggies much because it was mushy.Imli Eggplant - It was a recommended appetizer on the menu. Described as eggplant layered with tamarind chutney and chaat masala, there's lots of flavor but felt the sauce overpowered the eggplant. I liked it but wish it wasn't heavily coated. It came out a bit cold. Not sure if it was supposed to be that temperature.Nirmala's Avial - Another menu-recommended item. A mixed vegetable dish cooked with coconut, yogurt and curry leaves. At first bite, it was good but then you get that heavy, cheesy-like after taste. I'm glad I ordered it but don't think I would do it again. Chicken Tikka Masala - My only association with this is from Wholefoods food bar so I really enjoyed this dish. It goes well with everything. If I could, I would have slurped this dish dry. The chicken was super tender and infused well with the sauce and flavor. Highly recommended. Coconut Rice - Can't have all this good sauce go to waste without pairing it with rice. This was Basmati rice cooked with fresh coconut and dry red chilies per the menu. SO GOOD. I think I could just eat that with Chicken Tikka Masala sauce and garlic naan and call it a night. It was very moist and packed with flavor.Garlic Naan - wow, this is good stuff. I wish they gave more! One order comes with four pieces. It comes out warm so take advantage while it's hot! I dipped mine in Chicken Tikka Masala sauce like there was no tomorrow. But beware, that garlic is strong so expect to feel like you have garlic breath for days.Really good service. Friendly and attentive. I only wish it wasn't that pricey. For $15-20 on average per dish, I expected to see larger plates. Portions are a bit smaller, which isn't bad, but not for the price we paid. I like this restaurant but would only treat myself here and there, otherwise I'll go broke.
I heard about Chola from a fellow Uber passenger in a pool and read about it online in one of NYC's must-try Indian places.My wife and I came here last night, and wow! It's fantastic. We had the Paneer Khurchan, Matar Paneer, Lachha Paratha, and Onion Naan. The paneer khurchan was a tad spicy, but other than that, it really was all excellent.The decor was excellent as well - dimly lit. The service was excellent as well; we had several waiters help us at our table, who anticipated when we needed more water, etc.I'd definitely visit again, and would highly recommend it to anyone craving Indian food!
Came here based off previous reviews and ratings. Food was not bad but I've had better. One of their napkin cloth had a stain on it and I didn't even use it! Makes me wonder how clean the kitchen is behind closed doors if their napkin wasn't even cleaned right. Service was mediocre and I don't know but for some reason they don't put ice in their water so when you ask for water it's like lukewarm water..hmm I like my water iced to wash down that spice na mean? Waiter wasn't very conversational...I mean a simple how are you would be ok..they are quiet but seems like the manager was a bit chatty with female patrons. Ok now where's my check...
New favorite Indian restaurant?  I think so.WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW CHOLA YOU HAVE BLOWN ME AWAY.  Seriously though, this place is LEGIT.  I ordered my usual Indian favorites, chili and onion naan and Navratan korma and both blew me away.  Not to mention how many extra goodies they threw in there...rice (obviously), cracker bread and three dips for it, lentils, and some sweet couscous-looking concoction that was absolute crack.  So basically enough food to feed a small country.Foodwise, it's like one thing was better than the next.  Order anything and everything, you can't go wrong.  I may be in a terrible food coma as I type this review, but no regrets whatsoever.
Chicken was not chewable - rubbery, right out of the freezer into the curry. Too many coconut-based dishes. Rice, papadam and service were fine but that's not saying much. Far from eclectic cuisine. Disappointing. The vast majority of these Indian restaurants are overrated. I didn't eat even 15% of my dish.
The food is good HOWEVER, the ghastly smell of sewerage coming from the bathrooms really needs to be addressed at the back of the restaurant. Totally Hideous.The service was ok, but one waiter when we asked him to close the toilet door was unsolicitous and I found that strange.  He didn't care. Knowing the smell of you-know-what made us gag, but did not bother him. Also another waiter very rudely told us we had not tipped when we had, and generously.  I am not sure I will return.
*** for the Navratan Korma: packed with cubes of soft paneer, broccoli, potatoes, and peas, it was perfect comfort food for impending winter-times. Everything else on the menu looked mouthwatering, from the most basic (chicken tandoori) to the more adventurous (goat curry). **** for the garlic naan. They loaded our table down with plenty of freebies, including a cracker-like bread with three kinds of dipping sauces, a different kind of cracker that was dipped in oil, and an onion/vegetable/potato dish.  I ate my way steadily through all the complimentary goodies, and could only manage a slice of the fluffy naan, studded with bits of garlic and golden-crispy on the top. Minus a few stars for how expensive the food is for dinner - the lunch buffet (available weekdays AND weekends) is the much better deal. The dinner entrees start at around $11 for vegan options, and hover around $25 for goat/fish/shrimp, and that's WITHOUT rice or naan. A side of plain naan is $4 while the cheapest rice offering (rice with peas) is $5. Say what?! NEXT TIME: lunch buffet, dinner is way too expensive
Came here on a Sunday night. I made reservations 2 days ahead for a party of 7, but they weren't too busy when I got there.They were very welcoming and warm when I walked in alone. They sat me down and I waited for the rest of my party. However, once the rest of my party arrived the service changed. They were being a bit rude, and told us that they were closing at 10 and we had to be done by then. They told us this at 8... They were then being very impatient with our orders and brushing us off. While I couldn't confirm what caused this sudden change of service, my party told me this is very common for indian restaurants to treat other indian guests rudely since they don't expect them to tip. Other members of my party did complain and ask to speak to the manager at the end of our meal.Service aside, they food was great. I sampled quite a few dishes, but the chilli paneer really stood out to me. I would come back again, but hopefully service will be a little better.
Great service and food! Offered to change the spice level to account for any personal preferences (spicier or less so). Wonderful atmosphere for a date and friendly staff ready to help.
Excellent India food. True, authentic flavors and spices and a broad range of dishes not seen on other menus, marks this as the 'must-try' Indian restaurant in the city.
Often, friendly and unobtrusive service in a classy establishment is not associated with the Indian food dining experience in the US. I'm happy to say Chola brings all three of these attributes to the table. In addition, the menu is massive with specialties from across India. We've never had a bad meal. Plus, they are happy to explain the subtleties of the dishes, sides, and sauces to the uninitiated. We've enjoyed delicious Biryani, garlic naan, tandoori specialties, vindaloo, all kinds of sauces and chutneys, dosa, and many other tasty meals. I will say that the flavor is great but they have definitely toned down the heat when compared to similar meals in India. Hyderabad Biryani can knock your socks off but the equivalent dishes here pack the flavor but not the punch.
Best Indian restaurant in the city. Have been there many times, and had a the lamb Rogan Josh, vindaloo,  the British curry, butter chicken, and all have been great. The brunch is really good too. They do great food but really good service too, the manager is great. On top of everything I'd arguably say they have the coldest beers of any restaurant with those Kingfishers!!
Chola is one of our favorite Indian restaurants in NYC. We've been for dinner many times, as well as more recently for the lunch buffet, which I'll review below. Before I leave dinner though, I'll say they have a fantastic and large menu with lots of options for meat-lovers and vegetarians alike. All of their dishes have great flavor and spice without being too oily.We went a few weeks ago for the buffet, and while a bit pricier than other lunch buffet options, it is a massive amount of delicious food. We got there just as they opened, so everything was fresh. They have a wide variety of options for meat and veg here too, including bhindi masala, saag paneer, aloo gobi, naan, dal, rice, chutneys, soup, uttapam, gulab jamun and rice pudding. They also bring out complimentary dosas, and for those who eat it, tandoori chicken wing. The food is all high-quality and around medium spice. It's hard to not keep going back for more! The dal was cooked to be warm and homey, the chutneys all full-bodied in flavor, the saag's flavor and richness stands out even apart from the paneer and the bhindi has a nice crunch to it without being fried. The dosa - always one of my favorites - has the perfect amount of mashed potato filling while being crunchy on the outside and perfect for dipping into the chutneys.This is one of those nicer Indian restaurants, without being a prix-fixe restaurant week kind of affair. Service is always attentive and friendly.
Chola is a neighbor hood gem.  I've been coming to chola for two years and have never had a single bad experience.  Every time I go to Chola I experience the perfect blend of top notch service and food.  The manager, Nasir, is always welcoming and ensures we have the best experience.  Chola does a fantastic job of customizing dishes and offering off menu items.  Most of the time I go there I get the Rogan Josh and add spice, it never disappoints.  I couple that dish with the coconut rice and garlic naan.  You also cannot go wrong with the samosa as a starter.  If you love curry you will not be disappointed.  There is also a fantastic brunch on the weekends that is incredibly reasonable and delicious.  This is a must go place! 5 stars all the way!
Wow. Fancy Indian buffet! No, really! I wanted to stop by for my first round of Indian food in the city, and this one was quite close to where I live. Found that they offered a lunch buffet that was $17 (definitely on the pricy side), but I was hungry, and that was that. In any case, I was very impressed by the decor, service, and food. Not only were there ample fresh and flavorful entrees (your staple curries, tikka masalas, paneer), but there were also items that were freshly prepared and brought to your table. There were these appetizer potato patties with onions (awesome), flat pancake-like fried things (awesome), and naan (expected, but still awesome). They gave the two of us like 6 pieces of naan, which is a lot.Even the Kheer and sugar balls (not sure what real name is...) were delicious. Overall, loved the experience. Wish the price was slightly lower, but you do get higher quality food, service, and some freshly-prepared extras. Enjoy!
Excellent place and great food. Look forward to coming back here.
It was my first time to Chola at the recommendation of my father whose birthday we came to celebrate. We were warmly greeted by the wait staff team and well-attended by them over dinner. Delicious chicken tikka masala, hot butter chicken, fresh saag paneer and piping hot garlic Baan bread. It was a wonderful feast in a quiet atmosphere. They took care of the birthday dessert which included birthday candles in gulab jamun for 5 of us. Thank you Chola team for excellent service!
Woo Hoo!! Another 5-Star experience at Chola's!! I was in the neighborhood and decided to do lunch take out.  I must say the lamb entrees from the buffet table are super delish! Try the Lamb Josh Rogan and the Lamb Masala with bell peppers if you catch ever them on the table.  The Saag Brinjal was also very tasty! Who would think to pureed spinach and fried eggplant with earthy spices could taste so divine! :) What a wonderful blend of flavors and texture without the heavy grease too! Thoroughly impressed with the flavor profiles!The buffet items are fresh cooked and don't have a chance to sit too long.  I really like that the food is held in the chafing tables without any aluminum pans or saran wrap on dishes like at some other establishments.  It shows that Chola's take pride in their food and how they serve it to their customers.  Aside from the tasty food, I really appreciate the wonderful service. The manager and captain are always so helpful and accommodating.  Shout out to Mr. Nisar & Rowan!  Thank you so much for your warm welcomes and assistance! :) Kudos to taking care of your customer with food allergies. The service definitely brings me back to here!
Vegetarian good place to eat alert! Love the location, the style of the restaurant ( classy but relaxed) and the service is was great! They provide prompt service, refill water glasses quickly ( not to sound like a diva but mainly because when you eat a chili you need that H2O!Recommended for people looking for good Indian food!
Very good Indian food and attentive staff. Must get the coconut rice. We also had Chicken Tikka Masala which was excellent. The Tandoori was also good. Also get the garlic Naan.
I have the famed hieroglyphnician and yelper, Srini V. to thank for my great experience at Chola.Coming to the big, bad city from California can be scary.  Especially if you're looking for a good Indian buffet.And if you also don't happen to be Indian...Fortunately for me, a politely worded message and a crisp one dollar bill later, and my man Srini V. hooks me up with a list of approved Indian buffet joints.Wifey and I stroll on over to Chola and are pleasantly surprised.  The place is charming and gives off a nice upscale image inside.  As you walk in, the buffet spread is immediately to your right and happily satisfied Indian diners are to your left.  We're seated promptly (only because wifey made reservations on opentable.com) and run over to the buffet line.  The food is really appetizing looking and included some nice choices - hence, the "eclectic Indian cuisine" motto prominently noted on their signage.We sit down and start chomping away.  The food is nicely spiced, but not overdone like many places we've been to in the Silicon Valley.  Bonus points for minimizing the heavy hand with oil and fat.  As we're eating, servers come by with complimentary tandoori chicken, chaat, and masala dosas.  Excellent!!I really like the fact that these latter items were brought out in small batches so that they didn't get too tough, soggy, or gummy.Finished it all off with some creamy kheer and stumbled out of Chola a very full and satisfied Californian.The price was $13.95/head and well worth the money.Here's a tribute to you, Srini!                                  *      *                             *                *                           *          *         *                             *                *                                 *        *The above represents my swollen belly after eating at Chola.Don't you dare laugh, I'm not an artist...
The food here is more like two stars - I've definitely experienced better food with less oil.  The lychee martinis were made of lychee puree or some type of syrup, which was a dissapointment.  The channa masala was not flavorful and the it needed to be cooked longer.  The coconut rice was pretty good.  The service was on point, but the prices were definitely not.  This place needs to up the bar on the quality of the food for the price for sure.
I like the buffet.Kheer(Dessert) is excellent.Vada is awesome.Fried chicken is good.Lamb is not so good.Once the main dish is exhausted, they will not refill promptly, especially Shrimp curry on Fridays, that's the reason I'm not giving *****.
Weekend buffet is pretty, well priced.  There is a wide selection of North and South Indian food.  Some interesting choices like Eggplant and spinach.  Small selection of sweets.  Most interesting was the mix of people who entered the restaurant while we were eating.I ate so I that I didn't eat until dinner the next day. I'm not sure if that was a good idea or not.
My friend and I came for brunch on Sunday.  I love indian food and I would love to return, except for the fact that I am uncontrollable during buffet-style dining and end up eating way too much than I should.The waiter brings around little appetizers right when you sit down, so you can spend a few minutes munching on those before you faceplant on the yummy curries at the buffet.  I liked the lamb and chicken biryani very much.  The tandoori chicken was great, but you have to wait for the waiter to bring it around.yum yum yum
I have yet to step foot in this place, but as I sit here savoring every spoonful or delicious and SPIZY rasam soup, I must leave a review.  The prices are definitely a bit above average, but so is the the flavor. The rasam is truly divine--tangy, spicy, aromatic.  Little bits of fresh herbs and spices leave each spoonful with  a slightly different taste.  Really, really wonderful. I decided to temper this spice with an order of the Thair Pachadi, and it is also wonderful. Creamy and tangy, which strips of fresh ginger and slices of okra.  I don't like to eat a lot of Indian at the office for fear of offending the sensitive folks nearby (bland tasters), but I might have to forgo being polite next week.  This will be the perfect winter soup.
I've never been to the restaurant but i order online from there a lot (my gf is obsessed with their food). It's a bit pricey for Indian food but there stuff is really gourmet. Generous portions, creamy sauce (not crappy watery tomato sauce as some of the others), great flavors, and amazingly tasty. Their garlic naan bread is phenomenal. And their spicy Vindaloo is to kill for (assuming  you don't get killed first by their tongue burning spices lol lol....sooo good). Order with confidence.
THEY HAVE PANIPURI! I got all my friends addicted to them- Mexican, Ecuadorian, Russian, name it- they love it. Their food is probably the most authentic Indian food I have had in NY. They have a pretty good selection of dishes in their buffet: chaat, dosas, panipuris, biriyani, chicken, lamb and vegetables and two types of desserts. I can't even remember all of them. Highly recommended!
The sign on the door claims Highest Rated Indian Buffet in NY and this time the advertising is 100% TRUE. The fresh, copious and delicious lunch buffet is only topped by their superb dinner menu. Lovely, attractively lit decor and excellent service - all for a reasonable price. There are several very good Indians in the neighborhood, but Chola is the universal favorite in our office.
My experience with Indian food is limited since I've never had to order for myself. My approach to ordering from Chola was 1) see what yelpers had and liked 2) see if it's on their lunch menu on seamless. Yelpers, you've never steered me wrong. The naan was big and fluffy but not greasy. My lunch special came with a little lentil soup which was excellent. I ordered the shrimp balti and was impressed by the hearty chuncks of veggies and the large sized shrimp. It was a little spicy but not too bad for my delicate taste buds. Good portion size. I would definately recomeend this to my friends!
Used to be good but the new management/cook is not as good as the old one and the quantity of food has gone down drastically. For the prices they charge the food should be spectacular - and it isn't any more.
I expected much better, especially with all the reviews. I'm a regular at Indian restaurants and this one just didn't cut it. nothing special, kinda bland if anything. Usually Indian food is much more flavorful.
Nice decor and tasty food, with large portions, close by Central/East Midtown Manhattan. Was recommended by the local cabbie, and my experience was all positive.Good service from the front of the house, and the food came out promptly enough. Clean restaurant, nice table linens and setting- a romantic place to take your date to.The server provided some crispy Chappati with various sweet and spicy dipping sauces.Being really hungry I ordered the Lamb Saag (Lamb and Spinach-$18.95) plus the Lamb Biryani (Basmati Rice, browned onion, lamb, mint,  raisin and nuts- $17.95) plus a side of the Lotus Raita (Yogurt, fried Lotus  and Cucumber- $8.95) to put out the fire. Topped off with a nice cold Indian beer-I had to roll myself back to the hotel that evening. This order easily could have fed two or three normal eaters...I ordered way too much food for a lone diner, but it was so good I took the leftovers back to the hotel and treated myself to a late night snack from the remainders. The food prices are a little high, but this is Manhattan-and the quality and service are worth stopping in for a meal. They also do a brisk take-out lunch with dishes ranging from $9 to $11 dollars.
I am the first to admit that I am not an expert on Indian cuisine.   But Chola is fantastic.   Every dish we ate, from appetizers on through the meal was delicious.   I am a vegetarian, so Indian cuisine is especially appealing.  This Indian food was the best ever.  The waitstaff is eager to please.  Whether you are in the neighborhood (hint: Chola is a stone's throw from Bloomies) or whether you must take the subway,Chola isa great place!
We came here for dinner. The Punjabi Chicken Curry was the best dish, Vindaloo was okay and paneer tikka was good too. Will return for the lunch buffet next time. The service was a tad slow.
Chola is the easternmost of the three restaurants on what I'm dubbing, the "Curry Feast Side," (when you repeat this in front of your friends and they tell you how much of an idiot you are, feel free to blame me by name- it only makes me prouder).  58th St. between 2nd and 3rd avenues houses 3 fairly exceptional houses of Indian cuisine, which all happen to have strange adjectives describing them.  There's Dawat "Haute" Indian Cuisine, Yuva "Frontier" Indian Cuisine, and Chola "Eclectic" Indian Cuisine.  I think Chola picked the one than that is most accurate.  What the heck is Frontier Indian Cuisine anyway?Anyway, Chola's use of appropriate if unusual adjectives doesn't stop at the signage.  One of its appetizers, the Kebab platter is described as a "melange" of tandoori cooked meats, which I guess actually makes sense.  And what a melange this is- the Malai Kebab is phenomenal, very tender, very nice flavor.  The lamb seekh kebab is exceptionally spicy, and the chicken tikka is also perfectly executed.Another appetizer was truly "eclectic."  Kodi Vepudu was something I can't say I've ever heard of before.  It's basically lightly battered chicken with onions and curry leaves- a little bit of a riff on the more commonly found chili chicken.  This was pretty phenomenal.  Spicy and delicious- we were a group of four and this was devoured instantaneously.While the appetizers didn't hold back on spice, the entrees tended to be on the milder side- still you could taste the spicing in each one (no dish was overwhelmed by a one note flavor).  We had a first time India food eater with us, so we went traditional.  Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Rogan Josh and Saag Paneer.  The Tikka Masala was basically a well done version- tender chicken and tasty sauce, but a little mild.  I'm now spoiled because Curry and Curry down on 33rd and Amma a few blocks down from Chola do this better than any place in Manhattan.  Lamb Rogan Josh was again solid.  The lamb wasn't gamey or chewy, though this again could have been spicier.  The Saag Paneer was truly the star- creamy, tasty spinach and well spiced.  The only one I've had in NYC that could rival my favorite which is made by a place called Maharani in Fort Lee, NJ.I must mention they charge for plain rice (why why why!).  The Naans are tasty if unexceptional.  The star of the breads is the aloo parotha, which has a little bit of kick, but the potato doesn't overwhelm the bread.  We were given a free basket of nan and a bowl of dal makhani on the house, which was welcome and devoured.The service here is attentive and efficient.  Its not as fancy as its next door neighbors (no bow ties and snootiness like Dawat), but it can get a bit pricey.  Still, the portions are huge and its worth the money compared to what you pay for other food in this part of town.  It should be mentioned Chola does feature an extensive menu of south Indian specialties which are quite intriguing.  All in all, could've used a bit more spice, but its solid, varied menu, no nonsense service and good overall food make Chola one of your better choices for Indian food in the city.
I haven't eaten at a lot of indian places in NYC , but this one is definitely up there on the list. Their chat ragara chat (ragda) is to die for , definitely some of the best chat i've had in the US. The bhindi masala with paneer was another tasty dish. The mirapakaya kodi was pretty okay . Overall i would definitely go here again.
A friend of mine was born, lives & works in New Orleans, but flies to NYC every 4-6 weeks on business. Chola is a must on his places to eat, and is usually the first place he heads -- generally for the buffet. I first ate there the week they opened and have been going back ever since, though I've eaten in about a dozen other Indian restaurants in NYC. If you want, Dawat is just 50 feet to the West, and tho a step up from Chola, it's a small step. Much more formal both in ambiance and service. Some have noted that (other than the buffet) they thought the prices a bit high for Indian food. Remember that this is the heart of midtown Manhattan. Chola probably has to pay at least 3x the rent of restaurants in Curry Hill.When Chola first came to the city from CT, they did a very smart thing; they set up a free buffet at Willams-Sonoma a couple of blocks away, open to all. And it wasn't just a bite of chicken on a toothpick. It was a plate with 4-5 things on it. Whatever it cost them, I think the next day everyone in a 10 block radius showed up at the just-opened restaurant.
I went to the saturday brunch at Chola last week, and I was very impressed. The food, combined with a sleek yet funky interior and very reasonable prices* ($14 for the brunch buffet) make it an excellent choice if you're looking to satisfy an Indian craving on a lazy weekend afternoon. Every dish I tried was good and some were great (and I think I at least sampled everything on the buffet). The chicken tikka masala was my favorite - go figure - although it was a tad sweeter than I generally like. but it would make sense for dishes on a buffet to be milder since it has to cater to the crowds and not everyone can handle indian spices. there was also a lamb dish (not vindaloo but something similar) that was really good. not sure if this is commonplace in new york (this was my first experience with indian food that's slightly more upscale in nyc), but waiters came by with other things for us to try (two different types of chaat, tandoori chicken etc). I'm sure this felt more luxurious than it actually was - they could have easily placed those things on the buffet - but being catered to definitely made me feel like I was getting my money's worth. a very expensive feeling/tasting meal even though the tab only amounted to fifteen bucks a person. my only complaint (and not an insignificant one) is that the waiters were attentive to the point of being incredibly pesky. they made ceaseless attempts to take my plate away while I was eating, even after I'd told them so. as I was reaching into the bread basket to grab a piece of naan, the waiter seized the basket and ran off, never to return. whether there was a bread shortage back in the kitchen, or he simply thought I could spare the extra carbs, I'll never know. but my naan is very, very important to me so I tried to yell after him "no! bring the bread back! no! not the bread!" alas, it was to no avail.at the end of the day, chola definitely earns my seal of approval. I only suggest that if you decide to go, you bring a tool kit so you can nail your food to the table. * I've heard some people complain that $14 is on the pricier side as far as Indian lunch buffets go, but I have to say that considering the general trend of new york food prices (even though Indian is one of the cheaper types of cuisine) and the quality of the food, I think $14 is completely reasonable. In texas this meal would cost me at least that, but probably more.
Really great North Indian food. Had chaat for starters; malai kofta, butter chicken and naan for the main course; rasmalai for dinner; all were great.
Authentic and inexpensive lunch buffet! For $8 you can fill up a large to go container with excellent chana masala, chicken tikki masala, lamb vindaloo, etc. The buffet menu always varies which can be good for those new to Indian food. If you love Indian food and want variety at a bargain, definitely go here!
Lunch Buffet all the way. $13.95 for yummy, high quality food - a slew of dipping sauces and chutneys at the front. The service is great- waiters constantly refilling your water and bringing you generous portions of other appetizers not at the buffet.The weekend buffet is $1 more. Expect $14.95 tabs and up.
Best value for money Indian Brunch Buffet..fast for a a day before you go. The best part is that it offers a mix of North and South Indian food. In addition to the buffet, the waiters get some dishes to your table. Lot of my Indian friends love it....so do I :-)Only drawback, slightly crowded table layout and the buffet could get slightly messy especially if there is a crowd.However. small price to pay for an excellent meal. True value for money.
Ordered via seamless and I spent the weekend in the ER. I love Indian food, minus the virus.
I went to chola with very high hopes given the reviews. And, I was disappointed. Their appetizers were good, but, the rest of the buffet was sub-par. There weren't many vegeterian dishes. The ones that they did have were way too heavy on garlic. The food was cold and stale (ie, from that morning when they laid out the buffet). I probably wouldn't go here again
Yes, I admit it - I should have listened to my friend Nisha A. way back when she first recommended this place to me.  Shame on me for waiting so long to try this place!Chola may be a bit pricier than many other Indian restaurants in NYC, but it's well worth it.  This place is definitely a cut above the rest!  The menu is much more extensive than what you would normally see at your run of the mill Indian places.  They've got many different dishes from various regions in India, including some yummy Indian street fare, which we enjoyed as appetizers.  I had the Ragara, which was out of this world!  For my main course, I enjoyed the Chicken Barra Kabob, which was so tasty as well.  The chicken was so tender and flavorful.  The basmati rice was probably the best I've had at any restaurant in years.  We also shared an order of paratha, which was also excellent.The decor is trendy and modern with some eclectic touches such as the colorful chandeliers that hang all about the dining room.  It's a fun, colorful, yet relaxing atmosphere.  The staff could not be more pleasant and accommodating.  The service was as excellent as the food.We'll definitely be back and I've already recommended Chola to about a dozen of my friends & coworkers!
Excellent place and food. Some of the best Indian food I have ever had. All of the other reviews are right on about this place. You can't go wrong and will leave happy.
Yuck. YUCK. Went here for lunch with some coworkers and were sorely, sorely disappointed.  We made a reservation and yet had to wait half an hour to even be seated.  At that point it took another 15 minutes to get menus, then 10 to get water, and another 15 to actually order.  The first entree came out 20 minutes before the others, and when we brought it up the waiter asked, "oh, you want the others now too?"  I...don't even know. The service seems to be done by committee, as if the food was prepared, then whoever wants to can just bring it to whichever table they want, if at all.  The food was oily, severely under-spiced, and the samosas tasted like curried funnel cakes. I don't even know why I'm giving it 2 stars...maybe because it allowed us to get 3 hours off for lunch...To sum up: blech.
I couldn't decide whether or not to give this place 3 stars or 4, but when i realize that 3 stars really = just average, then i believe 4 is definitely warranted. Chola's layout itself is kind of frustrating. The server work area is actually at the front of the restaurant, which i find kind of annoying - esp if you are sitting up there.The menu is actually quite interesting, the pages are lined with factoids and other interesting clips of information about Indian culture and geography. But lets get right to the heart of this thing. I had the mulligatawny soup (of course, my obsession) - and it was absolutely fantastic. Was a fairly thick soup - with vegetables in it. Probably ranked my #2 mulligatawny soup in NY. I ordered the Chicken Phaal - which is supposed to be a very very hot curry - hotter than the vindaloo. It was pretty hot - and had a pleasant taste as well. I've had Phaal before where it was all spice and no taste, this had a bit better balance.My sister had the Chicken Biryani - which i also thought was quite good. I think the chicken should have been a bit more tender, that's pretty much the only complaint about the food here.One thing you certainly could never complain about in Chola is the quantity of food they give you. Dear God it's a lot of food. My sister's Biryani could easily have fed 2. I did finish my Phaal but i was lumbering like a drunken clown down the street afterwards i was so full. The service i thought was above average - didn't have any issues there. One thing i have to add that i found annoying about Chola was the fact that they covered the table clothes with white paper. Come on, we're not kids. Can't i have a real table cloth that's not covered by paper ? Only thing missing were the crayons.It's probably not my first choice for Indian, but i don't know a lot of restaurants that server the Phaal dish - so i may end up here once in a while just for that.
Tonight I ate at Chola for my friend's birthday. We were a large group of 12.  As many of the prior posters have pointed out, the food was good, but not worth the nearly 2 hour wait for it (not to mention paying 5$ for a side of rice that doesn't come with any of the dishes..).We had a 9pm reservation, but we weren't seated until close to 9:30 and at that point only one table was ready for us, but the restaurant staff thought we should be seated nonetheless, but it was awkward in the small restaurant since the table that was needed to accommodate us was still occupied by a family finishing their meal.The biggest issue tonight was the serious delay in the time it took to serve us.  Our food took almost 2 hours to come out and yet when they messed up our order, they did not try to correct it or offer something equivalent, but rather told us that the kitchen was closed for the night.  It felt like the restaurant was more troubled by our presence than appreciative a large group (ie big tip), which is understandable, but I wish they had simply been upfront and said they would prefer not to handle groups of our size, which does require a lot of work.In Short:This place in NOT meant for groups larger than 6, maybe 8 people.  Don't expect decent service otherwise
The place is good and upscale indian food. This street had couple of indian restaurants in a row, and someone told me this one was one of the better ones. She was right. The food was better than your regular indian restaurant. Maybe it's their presentation or restaurant atmosphere, but it's definitely worth the distance and price. Would go here again.
The flower petals and floating candles herald this symphony of flavors at Chola.  At this authentic Indian restaurant, the popular $13.95 lunch buffet is all the rave.  Exceptional service with servers who bring delectable delicacies straight to your table.  Favorites include the Chicken Tandoori (tandoor-fired chicken on the bone and northern spices), Lamb Achari, and Masala Dosa (paper thin crepe, stuffed with spiced potatoes and peas).  The Khir (Indian style rice pudding cooked with sugar, cardamom) provides a refreshingly cool dessert.$$
My favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  Always delicious.  I usually have lunch here, not dinner -- they have a great buffet.
The food is so terrific that it doesn't matter that they always and I mean always forget something with the order.  Whether you order 4 entrees, they will forget a rice or accompanying condiment.  However, what they bring is so scrumptious that you will forget the missing item shortly.Be prepared to wait for at least 45 min. for your delivery no matter the time of day or evening and whether you ordered on the phone or seamlessweb.  Yet all is forgiven given the quality of this Indian cuisine.
I know there's hundreds of great and cheap Indian food in the city, esp for lunch. But if you're ever in the mood for a massive buffet of like 15 different curries with white rice or veggie fried rice and baji and this white bun thing they have besides naan and have them serve you tandoori chicken and samosa as a part of it all and all these side dishes that go with all that food and eat it in kind of a semi upscale restaurant with attentive service as part of their AYCE lunch for $15...then come here.
So, I went the other night. My office just moved into the neighborhood so I sadly did not visit my favorite, Chennai Garden, but tried this place instead.It is a little pricier, but not worth the money.  They made me wait becuase my friend was not there yet and didn't tell me. I was just standing there for three minutes before someone said to sit and wait. Our food was pretty good, but the waiter was pushing things.. lassi, etc..I hate that.. such a pet peeve of mine!  They charged for rice, maybe because it was brown.. but noone told us! And they charged $3.50.  The standard surplus price for that is like a buck - maybe buck fifty. The redeeming thing was the food - takeout from here would be splendid.  They also have street snacks which were delicious.
When I feel like betraying my body and digestive system but doing something nice for my tastebuds, I order Chola. The Tikka Masala kicks ass, though the Samosas could be a bit crispier (to be fair, for delivery they're not too bad). They're seemingly expensive when ordering a la carte, so that's why I always get the lunch special. It's $9.95 for your dish, rice, dal and naan. Can you go wrong?Oh, and by the way...they're on Seamless! :)
Let me preface this review by noting that I am neither a) of Indian decent or b) well versed in said cuisine...but the food I just had at Chola was out of this world.  Just fantastic from start to finish.  I might fall prey to what Atif mentions in his review, of never wanting to go to another Indian restaurant during the rest of my time in NYC.The BEST part, for me, was that I literally walked in here randomly on a Thursday night starving, and the only thing I had ever known about this restaurant is that I had seen it from the window of countless cabs home to Roosevelt Island, shooting up 58th street to get onto the 59th street bridge.  I couldn't have picked a better place to satisfy my carnal hunger, and keep in mind this is one of THREE Indian places on the same block.The service was excellent, the naan was very good, and the main courses were delicious and big enough to share.  I would highly recommend ordering different things in order to share them...garnished with some fantastic coconut rice.  Lastly, my girlfriend was debating on which spicy dish to order so she asked our server which one he recommended.  He told her that one dish was "5 out of 5" on the hot scale, and the other was "3 out of 5."  She went with the 3 out of 5 and that was just perfect.  I doubt we could have tolerated the 5 out of 5...moral of the story ask your server here, as they will probably give you a good read on what you are looking for out of your meal.MMMMMMM delicious.
Excellent Indian food. Most of the Indian places I've been to in the past were in Queens so I was in search of a new place a little closer to me. Chola was delicious. The server was great. The naan was served with several dipping sauces, all were savory and so flavorful. We ordered three chicken entrees and split all of them. My favorite is chicken tikka masala and Chola's was one of the best I've had. We were full and still had enough to bring a doggy bag home. This is one of the nicer Indian restaurants I've been to, and the prices reflect that. Not expensive but I was used to Jackson Heights spots. I wish I were in the area more to try out the lunch special...
The lunch buffet here is supremely delicious. If you're looking for a filling lunch on the East Side, you could hardly do any better. Fantastic food and attentive service (especially for a buffet). I loved the little extras they bring to the table as well, such as a tandoori chicken drumstick. Great place.
My husband and I live in the neighborhood, and have walked by numerous times, thinking we wanted to try Chola, I'm glad we finally did! The food was great, everything was very tasty and fresh. We started with the BATATA SEV PORI: Pori bread, potatoes, chickpeas, yogurt, two chutnie, those were awesome! And  the lamb chops, which were tender and delicious.We also shared a Korma dish and a saag paneer dish. We were both very happy with this place, and will definitely go back.
good food, but i won't be enjoying it as much now that you raised the delivery minimum to 20 FUCKING DOLLARS.
Chola is not a restaurant that I should have revisited. Some of the dishes at Chola are good -- the chicken tikka masala is actually tasty -- , but the mediocre service and grating atmosphere remind me that I need never eat here.To Chola, most dishes mean heavy sauce. The sauce drowns out the uneven quality of the meat, or the overcooked vegetables. The okra in particular are disappointing: either thawed (ruining the delicate interior of the vegetable) or improperly cooked (ditto), the two times I have tried the dish it has turned to ashes in my mouth. I pushed the plate away, the okra mostly uneaten.Most of the non-meat appetizers are fried: samosa, pakora, bhajia; the eggplant tamarind is good, but a little too sweet overall. Many of the meat appetizers are large, and approach entre rather than starter; this makes sharing dishes tricky. The service is uneven: on quiet nights, so many staff will stop at the table and indulgently ask if everything is okay that I cannot have a conversation. On busy nights, so many staff will ask if they can take away the plate I become hoarse from insisting that I am still eating. The staff never quite hear the answers to "I am still eating" or "That's enough rice, thank you -- " which makes dining here less comfortable than it should be. Some of their cocktails are tasty -- there's one with tamarind that is quite nice. Chola is quite good for larger parties, and the staff are accommodating of all sorts of odd sizes and groups. I have not visited the buffet (an aversion to food from chafing dishes ...), but have eaten at the restaurant six times. A dinner, with a drink (cocktail, glass of wine), starter, and main dish will amount to $40 per person, which is on a level with the other restaurants around this block.None of the three Indian-themed restaurants on this stretch of 58th merit a visit. They all cater to washed-out palates with no clear expectation of well-prepared or subtly-spiced food.
Not your typical Indian fare - they play around with things a bit.  Flavorful food with good use of spice, but not really spicy if you like your Indian food hot like I do.
Best Indian food in Midtown East, hands down. Also really nice decor inside - if you're brave enough to take a date to an Indian place, this is the one.
Had indian food, before it was not good. Since then i have not had Indian  so finally i thought I would check this place out for the buffet .Was I amazed the diffrent selections lamb, chicken .the chicken was juicy along with the lamb. the house salad to me was superb. all for 14.99 you cant beat that
One of my favorite Indian Places.   They give you a ton of food at the lunch buffett which, I believe, is seven days a week. (although the dosas were rather small yesterday).  The variety of dishes surpasses most buffetts too.
Went here for dinner with friends last night and it was great!  We had Dosa to start and it was great!  Love their potato filling!  The ambiance is nice too.  Would definitely go back.  Friendly service too.  The best Indian I've had in NYC.
This was very good Indian food! Waiters are extremely attentive. My glass of water was always kept full. I went during lunch time on Sunday and I ate from their buffet. I'm guessing they also have a menu but I didn't see one. I will be coming back again for sure!!
This review is for the lunch buffet. Good not great. I am biased by the fantastic ones in the Bay Area, CA (Amber, Mynt) and this one falls short of that. Since the highest review a buffet can get is 4 stars, and this falls a bit short of the best Indian buffets, thus the 3 stars. The naan was pretty boring and weak. The chicken dishes were merely OK. Some of the vegetarian stuff was fresh and spectacular. I like how they bring small fresh plates directly to your table. I would go here again, but only if I was nearby. Not worth a special trip.
Went to this restaurant a while back and just realized I never submitted a review. As I recall, their lamb vindaloo was really good and the portion was pretty big as well. I also liked their deco/atmosphere and service was friendly. Recommend it and would visit again if in the area.
Chola has a very good Indian lunch buffet.  I've been here on a weekend a couple of times and have left happy each time.
I lived across the street and never needed a reservation but I like the lunch buffet.  My favorite part is the gulab jamun and rice pudding.  I really never learned the names of the other dishes.  The interior is a little dim with white banquettes and tablecloths.
I always get Chola delivered while working late at the office. The lamb saag is so delish and HUGE! In fact, all the portions are huge. The dinner entrees come with naan and dipping sauce (mango chutney is extra but so worth it) and a sweet mushy desert. I'm no Indian food expert but I've never been disappointed by Chola - no one in the office has!
I ate here twice within my 4 day visit to NY last week- that should tell you something about how I feel about this place.  The food is amazing- I tried the spicy chicken appetizer (pahadi chicken kabob) and some goat curry the first time and then had the same appetizer and the lamb chops and baigan bharta.  I took a friend the second time just so I could eat more.  I was torn between 4 and 5 stars only because there is a funky antiseptic smell when you first walk in.  It might not be a permanent issue, but if they can just light some incense this place is a 5 star eatery!
Really excellent Indian food in an unexpected place.  I'd recommend coming here for lunch and getting their buffet.  I knew we were in a treat when we had the free appetizers they served while we waited for the rest of our friends, and my Indian friends were pleased with the quality :)
I was in Chola Indian Cuisine New York , during the weekend.  The food was spectacular and the ambiance was great. The place was packed though the staff were very attentive and helpful. Excellent service, nice and clean restaurant. A weekend Indian buffet lunch in Chola is always sounds like a good idea and discover the great variety of traditional Indian food. I would definitely recommend all my family and friends to take advantage of this phenomenal  deal.
My friend took me here for their weekend lunch buffet.  It was very good with lots of different selections.  It appeared that they only offer a buffet on the weekend as we weren't given a menu and never spoke to a waiter.  We just got up and got our food and ate.  Staff at the restaurant also bring food to the table.  It was a unique experience.  I left stuffed to the brim.  The food was very good and I would definitely return.
I am very impressed with this restaurant.  Baby and I went there for date night and it was very very good.  We had a great experience, wonderful service, perfect atomsphere, and wonderful cuisine.  I give 5 stars and I don't do that too often.
this place reminds me of dhaba with its extensive menu of north, east, south, and western indian dishes.  unfortunately the food is just ok.  you really need to know what to order.  paratha's are decent here.  rice is decent.  the entrees are surprisingly mild.  the lamb saag was fresh juicy but the saag was so bland.  the bhindi masala was a standard greasy version you could get in jackson heights which was not what i expected in this part of town.  the langarwali dal was mild but quite good.  the hot garlic shrimp was rubbery and a pretty poor version of indochinese food (go to tangra masala for indochinese).  the melagu chicken chettinad was not bad but unexciting.what saved this place was the excellent service.  they really look after you and check on your needs here.  i love nepalese people they are so friendly.   i heard the sunday buffet is great but i wouldn't trek all the way out here on a sunday for that.
Some of the best Indian food I have had. The dosa was huge and the chicken tikka was great. Also had wonderful service.
I have been going he for years....I am treated like a queen and the food is fab....must go there's for Sunday brunch. Love it
This is one of the best Indian Restaurants that I have been to in NYC thus far. The food is a bit pricey but its worth it. The food is very authentic. I love how the menu is setup it gives you different flavors of India.
Really really delicious. I feel delightfully sick and full now.  I only regret there wasn't more naan to sop up the rest of these delicious sauces.
I went here with great expectations, the food wasn't that great. The service was really good! The lack of spices was what made me not excited about this place.
I went here for lunch today. The food wasn't too bad. I'm still alive to write this review. The food was warm. The green goo veggie tasted decent. The yellow chicken was par yummy yum yum (is that a word? ). Indian bread - warm and edible. Service? Eh. That's a different story. 30 min in, these guys are rushing us to finish. I only had one plate, cause I'm not a big eater. I'm not a big fan of inhaling my food either. So, now I'm sitting with tummy ache for eating too fast. Damn you Chinese-looking waiter! --- one thing I forgot to mention - the normal spice I usually get from other Indian restaurants wasn't there.
5+ vegetarian starsOutstanding Indian lunch buffet from a vegetarian perspective (or any other, for that matter!)Not only do they have an assortment of tasy dishes that you can serve yourself at the buffet, they also bring appetizers to your table!  And they are all vegetarian!!  Batata sev puri, ragara, and masala dosas - yum.Which isn't to say there isn't meat for those inclined.  The buffet always has a number of chicken and lamb dishes.  And, they frequently come around serving tandoori chicken.  Bonus!Don't eat so much that you can't try the rice pudding!Excellent quality and value ($13.95 lunch buffet every day of the week).  Really a no-brainer...
So glad we found Chola! Best Indian food I have had in NYC. Actually can't remember a better Indian meal anywhere. We ordered several entrees...my favorites were the vegetarian, but my husband was in love with the lamb vindaloo. Although we had a slightly rocky service start, service thereafter was excellent.  As we were leaving, other guests who were exiting at the same time were also remarking on what a wonderful meal they just enjoyed. Well worth the trip.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city.  I love that they will substitue tofu for paneer!  Their lunch time buffet is a great deal but their a la carte menu for dinner is my preference.  I've been here many times and each time my experience has been excellent.
This is by far the most amazing Indian restaurant I've ever been in NYC. Everything is impeccable - the size, the portion, yummy naan, most importantly the taste. The staff is extremely friendly too. Definitely coming back here. My indian coworker praised this place as well. Also it's Zagat rated top 3 Indian restaurant in NYC. I'd like to try their buffet (all you can eat for 13 - 14 dollars, depending on weekdays/weekends), I usually can't eat too much but I'll def starve first and come here for buffet!
The food here is ok.  Nothing to seek out.  A few negatives:1) Dishes are on the pricier side.  $18 for chicken tikka masala.  $14 for creamed spinach (saag) with eggplant.  The spinach was pretty good.  The CTM was not memorable.  $6 for veggie samosa.2) My BIGGEST pet peeve is that you have to pay EXTRA for rice?  At $15-20 a dish, why do I have to pay extra?  Not only that, but it was $5 for rice for 2!!Really not worth coming back.  The value is just not there.
This place was really great.  The buffet had a nice variety of North and South Indian dishes.   Would defiantly go again.
Vinderloo is fantastic. So spicy that my eyes and nose were running. The flavor was great. Naan was also exceptional. A ittle bit pricey thought. Vinderloo should come with rice. But either way, it was great.
Absolutely amazing Indian food.  Very romantic and elegant setting.  I think this place is such a gem.  I'll be back next time I'm in NYC for sure!
I am a picky eater so I had never tried Indian food. We were visiting friends and they took us to Chola. It was very good. I had a mango curry. It was sweet and not too spicy. I told my husband that next time we visit we must go back to Chola.
My sister has been raving about this place since she moved into the neighborhood.  It definitely did not disappoint!  We ordered the coconut rice, Aunt Murli's Chingri Malai, Sabji Saag Malai, and Chicken Tikka Masala.  All of the food was great, and the service was quick and on top of things.
Yum! One of my new favorite haunts. If you can count it as a haunt, when you sit in your warm office and order from Seamless Web. The tikka masala lunch special is more than enough food and absolutely yummy. No more rubber chicken, these are monstrous chunks of chicken that are as big as my hand. Not sure if the buffet is still going, worth calling the restaurant before you roll up starving.
Another excellent find via Yelp during our NYC trek. We were starving when we arrived so we ordered garlic nan and mango lassi drinks immediately.  The bread and lassi hit the spot while we determined what the main courses would be.  For those who have not tried mango lassi, they are very thick, almost like milk shakes but made with ripe, sweet mangos.  They are excellent to have once in a while and are quite filling. Now, since I am a BIG fan of eggplant dishes, I zoomed in immediately on their Eggplant Kothimeera - ding ding ding we have a winner!   The others at the table had Chicken Saag Tikka, Seekh Kabobs and a wonderful Lemon Rice which really enhanced the aroma of all the dishes.  By the time we left, we were almost miserable and the place was starting to be filled up, so that's always a good sign.  This is a Zagat rated upper scale Indian so the bill may be a bit more than you are used to for Indian but I cannot remember the last time I had better.  The only ding I can give them is for the waiter service.  After they served our dishes, it is as if the waiters disappeared and ignored us for the rest of the time.  We had to ask for the check and then it took them another 15 minutes to actually deliver the check.  Not good for a place with such good food. I'd certainly return on my next trip to NYC but would be wary of the service. Cheers.
Most of the food was very good and there was a nice variety, but the following items took away from the overall positive experience:- Very crowded.  When getting up and coming back from the buffet, it was like navigating a maze of tight spaces between chairs and tables.- The kheer (Indian rice pudding) was almost all liquid and no rice.  It was like eating a bowl of milk with a few scattered grains of rice, what's up with that?!- This may just be a style of cooking thing, but I had to spit out at least 3 inedible spices left in the dishes, like lemongrass stalks and cardamom pods, which is gross.  Also, related to that note, at the end of the meal I noticed I had chipped a small piece of a tooth.  Now, I'm not directly blaming Chola's food for this, but I didn't notice said chip before I ate there.  That's all I'm sayin'
Definitely the best Indian in the city. Better than the Jackson Diner, for real! Amazing flavors and dishes you certainly don't get anywhere else. The place is clean and the service is good. Habanero garlic naan was perfect. I would eat here every night if i lived in the neighborhood.
Being Indian, and having sampled a few other restaurants in the area I would say this average to disappointing. None of the food was made right. Chicken over cooked. Deserts were not cooked right - gulab jamun's were mushy and kheer was off.  The naan didn't have the right texture.
Food was pretty good, but a bit expensive. Basmati rice for $5??? Are you kidding me?
spent about $35 for nothing amazing. had the chicken curry with garlic bread (recommendation from the water). i wouldn't come here again as i've had better indian food before at a cheaper restaurant with better waiters.service could definitely be improved. they forgot one of our orders, charged us for something we didnt' order and we had to ask multiple times for our waters to be refilled. we were rushed out before we even finished eating!
Decided to check this place out for their lunch buffet.  On the weekends it's a $15 all you can eat, and also a sister restaurant of my beloved Dhaba.  I was quite impressed with the spread they had here - TONS of food.  Lots of appetizers that were at the buffet and also served at your table, and then numerous veggie and non-veggie options.  They also had north indian and south indian food.  Food overall was good, but not as good as Dhaba.  A bit spicier too which I didn't like.  Although the restaurant is a bit more high end than the typical Indian restaurants in Murray Hill, the tables were cramped together, and was a bit of a process to get to the buffet table and back.  I also ordered a masala chai at the end, and they gave it to me with milk/sugar to add myself... i understand that's common in America, but that is NOT how masala chai should be served.  It was just OK, which was disappointing. Think I'm gonna go back to Dhaba for lunch from now on...
i got this chicken in "jogurt pineapple and cardimom" sauce. it sounded amazing on the menu and it actually was pretty good, but i was suprised that i literally got just two pieces of chicken - no rice, no veggies just two pieces of chicken for $20ish i was expecting a bit more but the chicken it self was very nice I was expecting some thing dripping in the sauce but it was just marinated and grilled - a surprise but still nice. my friend ordered the tandoori mixed grill which was quiet nice for a meat lover, nice flavor and tender.  we also ordered the tomato rice (decent nothing more to elaborate on) and some paneer naan (very bland). we got the rice pudding for dessert which was a nice way to top the meal off - leave feeling refreshed rather than hot and heavy. overall food was good. but not worth the price.
loved all the food Ive tried there so far. its not the cheapest Indian, but its a really good one! extensive menu with some very creative and unusal options.they also have a great lunch buffet (also on weekends) for around 15$.
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city.  Everything is really good here, and you really can't go wrong.  Service is good, and it gets better if you have large groups.  They do the table side serving thing, so everyone gets a taste of all the stuff you order.  We usually go with staples here (saag paneer, chicken machany, tandori, etc.), but we've also had good experiences ordering from their special menu.  Saw an Indian guy order a dosa here, and it looked really good, will have to try soon.
Got take out. Food was excellent, fresh and hot. Will definitely go back. One of the best Indian restaurants in NYC.
Yay, $8 to go lunch from the buffet! Such a great deal and such a great deal of food. Enough for 2 days. I had saag paneer, aloo gobi, and bhindi masala with rice, savory fritters, coconut and mint chutneys, spicy pickles, raita, and naan. The warm dishes were better than average for mid-priced Indian and especially for this area - well spiced, generous with ingredients (like paneer), and not too greasy. The naan was very fresh and great texture. The rice was a little oily for my taste, but OK. Everyone working there was very nice and helpful, even though they were quite busy. Will definitely be back.
A little overpriced, but still good. The decor is definitely lacking, but at least it's dark enough so it doesn't detract from the yummy dishes. The samosas and other appetizers are decent, but the entrees are definitely the way to go. The first time I went I got the chicken biryani, and my portion was big enough for 2 people. They have a ton of excellent vegetarian options as well, and the vegetarian dishes that I've tried have been fantastic. The wait staff are very kind and accomodating, although you never know who is going to bring your food out because they seem to have a random way of going about it (drawing straws maybe?).
Best Indian food I have EVER eaten.  Used to order from here all the time, thinking that this spot was some hole-in-the-wall never to be visited in person.  Man, was I wrong.  The spot is actually decent (a bit cramped with the seating) - but nice enough.  The food is EVEN better and fresher in person (no surprise there), and every dish at our table was A-mazing.  We had everything from vindaloo to saag to tikka to korma (my favorite).  Put this spot in your rotation!
Amazing Indian food, great atmosphere and really friendly service! I love this place.
I went with a  few friends last week and we ordered butter paneer, black pepper paneer and okra..butter paneer was ok..black pepper paneer slightly worse and okra was really horrible..!! Given the good ratings wouldnt mind trying again but my first experience wasnt all that great.
i love indian food, so when i came here for lunch w/ a coworker, we had a good lunch, decent price for a good amount of food!tasty not too spicey
One of the best Indian Food Buffet's in the city.  What sets them apart is the mini dosa and uttopam and nan served to your table during the buffet, as well as a person making fresh chaat.  Food is solid.  I am guessing the regular food is fantastic at dinner, but is a little pricey.  The buffet is a bargain and can't be missed if you work anywhere nearby.  And, I think they have it on saturday (and maybe sunday?) too!
Reliably good Indian food. A little pricey, but just right for a more casual business lunch. The veg options make it a crowd-pleaser if you're going with a big group.
Have ordered delivery from them multiple times. Pricier than the average Indian cuisine delivery but worth the quality. Good combination of sides given for free with each order. Healthier than the average Indian takeout (all white meat, grilled where possible, less fatty sauces). Great overall
I ate here the other night because my brother suggested it. It was very very good and I'm not really a fan of Indian food. Got the curry fish which was excellent but a TINY bit too spicy for me. I wish I could have tried every thing I saw being brought out to other tables, so I will defiantly be back again!
Chola is one of many Indian restaurants on the block of 58th street between 2nd and 3rd avenues. It's a decent option, although a little on the pricey side. Our table had the Chicken Tikka Masala (the standard) and a shrimp and fish dish that also came with the masala sauce. Yeah, I know there's more to Indian cuisine than masala but that sauce sure is good. And Chola's masala didn't disappoint.  The space was narrow but had a cool, modern feel. The service was ok. Overall, I had a good dining experience here and that's what counts, right? Not the best Indian out there but you'll probably leave satisfied. Get the Indian beer.
Outstanding lunch buffet. The buffet spread alone was huge but every 5 minutes they're bringing something else out from the kitchen to your table to try. Great service and fantastic food. On our way out we noticed Zagat Survey has this place as the top lunch buffet in the city for 2011.
Very nice restaurant and outsanding food. Maybe a little more expensive than a regular indian restaurant but it's worth the money! And the waiter cares about what you order and won't let you order a side that won't fit your main dish. I can't wait to go back and try their buffet.
(Pardon the long review- just finished Ruth Reichl's Garlic and Sapphires) Chola was a bummer for us, especially since we went in with great expectations- a 23 from Zagat and raves about the Tikka Masala.  I enjoyed the decor and as we were sitting and waiting for our appetizers we were getting excited watching all the food come out.  The appetizers (Samosa's and the various fried veggies) were yummy and sauces good.  I had the Sauvignon Blanc which was honey filled and yummy- but didn't go with the food once we started eating.  When our dishes came we dove in to the Nan first.  Delicious.  The rice was a little overdone and not as clean and fresh as I'm used to.  I hadn't had Malai Kofta in a couple of years and I was excited to try it again.  I dove in to the first bit and was immediately longing for more.  Where was the burst of flavor?  Where was the richness and smoothness?  It wasn't there.  The balls were naked- no flavor, no punch.  It was so weak and the opposite of rich.  The Tikka Masala was just as disappointing.  I bit in and said, "This is just tomato sauce.  It's like they took away the taste."As we ate more and looked around the restaurant we couldn't quite figure out what had gone wrong.  There were an eclectic mix of people, some that we could tell were regulars, some Indian couples, some groups of friends.  Everyone else seemed to be enjoying.  Maybe we had ordered the wrong dishes?  Another hypothesis I had was that they had taken out all the spices that make Indian Food explode in my mouth to be more accessible.  And that could be true, at least for the dishes we had it has to be.  In the end, we won't be back.  There are so many other opportunities for great Indian food and I'll be seeking those out instead.Like I said to Matt tonight, sometimes the best is in the little holes in the wall where there are no pretenses and they are just cooking what they know instead of trying to cook to please.
I have been in the US for the past 4 years now and been in NYC throughout Indian joints are not uncommon and this is the FIRST time I have got the taste and flavor of REAL Indian spicy food!I would not say its cheap, but well worth it considering the dearth for Indian restaurants that serve authentic Indian food.I would not think twice about going there again and re-relishing the most fulfilling experience I have ever had in the US.
Excellent. A bit dark specially for older people: hard to read the menu. But my friends, very "choosy", loved it: we left the plates  "clean".
If it were just about the food, maybe I'd give it 4. But the service is atrocious. Made a reservation for 8:30, arrived on time, and the table was ready. Unfortunately, the waiters, who bustle about constantly, weren't, nor was the kitchen. Eventually, our order was taken. Eventually, one of our soups arrived. Later, the second soup. The main course showed up an hour and a quarter after we sat down. I suppose this place is OK if you want takeout delivered.
Fantastic food, waiters and bus boys are very attentive and constantly filling up water glasses. Had delicious spinach covered cheese appetizer, lamb entree and eggplant entree. Was a little loud inside and tables are close together.
Went here due to yelp reviews...yay yelp, with my cousins who are vegetarian. I love that the menu features foods from all regions of india, the dosas are nice and crispy, although I was disappointed they only had one dosa on the menu. I didn't understand the chat menu, because they didn't have any straight up chat, I thought that was what I was ordering, and it ended up being more of a stuffed pani puri. I love that they have a selection of south indian rices, which is definitely a specialty item missing from traditional tandoor and buffet type (aka punjabi) restaurants. the tamarind rice was delicous, it had that tang without being overbearing. Chola definitely lived up to its yelpers' reviews. (and its near bloomingdales)
great neighborhood indian restaurant!! must orders: sham savera (delicious spinach cups filled with paneer), chicken chutneywala (a little sweet but good to complement spicy dishes), saag paneer, baigan barta, naan
Eaten here twice, and the food is excellent. The service was great; always had full water glasses and the waiter was very attentive and concerned about how we liked our food. Nice ambiance, and reasonably priced. An app, 2 entrees, a Taj Mahal 22oz. beer, garlic naan and rice, for under 70 bucks. Eaten at lots of Indian restaurants and these guys have it down.
The lunch buffet can't be beat. Great selection and load up a container for carry out for about $8.
This might be the best Indian buffet I've ever had, and I used to live walking distance from quite a few good ones.  There are lots of southern Indian dishes, which for me was a nice change of pace. Nothing was too greasy or heavy, and they were very generous with the naan. I wasn't too thrilled with some of the cold appetizer-type dishes, but the assortment of curries more than made up for it. There was one green vegetable I couldn't identify, which had an interesting bitter and peppery flavor, and asking the waiter really didn't get us much information about it, but it was still pretty good. It can get crowded at lunch, especially on a Saturday, but that meant we ended up striking up a nice conversation with the British couple at the next table. I'd especially recommend this place for vegetarians, or a mixed group of vegetarians and meat-eaters - there really is something for everyone (actually, enough "something"s that you'll want to try them all and end up full enough for an entire day walking around museums, like we did) .
This is actually the best Indian restaurant in the city, hands down. If you are looking to have authentic, flavorful, amazing-quality Indian food in a hip, enjoyable atmosphere in the city, this is the place. The ambiance is great. It really gets you in the mood to chow down on some great Indian food. You will not be let down.
I was there for a Sunday brunch/buffet - aside from the appetizers which were decent, this was one of the worst Indian buffets I have been to. The buffet menu is in a dire need of an upgrade!!!
yummy!  both the buffet and menu items.  the konju pappas shrimp is a tangy dream.  when you dine in for the buffet, they bring pakora, chaats, dosas, tandori drumsticks and nan to the table, in addition to a wide selection of dishes on the buffet.  i love this place.
Indian food....one of my favorites and this place really satisfied my craving! So let's start off on why I gave it 3 stars then since the food was so good...the service. That can really take that ummphhh out of a place, you know. Things started off great but then after I ordered and received my food I felt as if they forgot I was there. I actually had to call someone over to ask for my bill so I could leave after siting waiting for someone to come back to assist in wrapping my leftovers up and bringing the bill. Many servers just walked by. So that is the reason for my 3 stars. Now on to the food...GREAT!  The chicken, the sauce ummm and it was spiced just right. The naan was soft and slightly buttered, the veggies scrumptous!  Plus there was so much food I had dinner for the next day. It was definitely worth the price but service could be improved. I would definitely go back just based on the food. At least the people weren't rude....just not that attentive. Ok...I'm changing my rating to a 3.5, and that's it!
Initially we were very confused at this restaurant.  We did not realize that it was an all-buffet lunch - we thought it was one of the options.  It would have been helpful if the waiter seating us had explained this to us, as we sat at the table for a good 10 minutes trying to figure out what is going on.  It was very difficult to catch the attention of waiters and we had to walk up to the bar to order our drinks.  The food itself was quite good and great value for money, but could have done with more vegetarian and desert options.  I would like to return to the restaurant and order a la carte.  Lastly the restaurant wasn't replenishing the buffet items in time, so we did not have the chance to try some of the dishes, which was a little disappointing.  The staff seemed very hurried and frazzled, but to be perfectly honest, we did come on a very busy day.
Very good Indian lunch buffet! They offer a variety of dishes at the buffet as well as bring sides to your table of chicken tikka and pancake, which is a very nice personalized touch. Very good price for the buffet at $15. I can see that their prices for dinner are quite high by comparison (as with most restaurants in this area) so I recommend coming on a weekend or lunch for the buffet first so that you know which dishes you like before ordering for dinner. The ambiance inside is very pretty and they have comfortable seating- overall, a nicely designed layout.
Lunch buffet here was delicious.  And the items best served hot came via french service (breads and tandoor chicken).  Expect to drop about $20 but it is well worth it, from service to food.   Takeout lunch is pretty good too for around $11.
My bf and I came here on a Friday night, craving for Indian food. We usually go to our favorite spot, Darbar, but thought to be a bit adventurous by trying a new one nearby. Boy, terrible mistake. Our order came out to $100, we barely can finish our entree, and after 10 minutes of leaving Chola, both of us felt quesy and threw up just about everything we ate. Appetizer - Masala Ghobi - underwhelmed cauliflower Entree 1 - Chicken vindaloo - chicken chunks are too big and curry is not spicy as advertised Entree 2 - Chicken Masala - too "tomato-y" and again chicken chunks are too big, hence dry Sides - Garlic Naan and Coconut rice - the highlight, very light touch of shredded coconut and great fresh Naan Drinks - Do NOT try the Kama Sutra. I think that's what makes us sick cause the concoction taste more like pink cough syrup than the tropical flavors it advertised
Just in from out of town & our must go to lunch - Chola is amazing - the quality & variety is excellent. Very friendly and accommodating staff. The tastiest & best bang for your buck Indian lunch in NYC.
1* for inept communications.Called to see if Chola was open for lunch and if they had buffet today (Saturday). Yes and yes, I was told - and was even given the price ($14.95).But when we arrived less than an hour later, there was a sign on the door: "No walk-in diners." Huh? We went in and saw that the whole restaurant was occupied by a private birthday party. The manager confirmed this in the vestibule and when I reminded him of my call less than an hour before, he apologized for the "confusion", saying the party had "arrived earlier than expected". We were awkwardly turned away. Needless to say, had the person on the phone simply said they were closed for lunch for a private party, none of this would have happened, and we wouldn't have wasted a trip over there.
I love the food items they have for buffet. Especially idly,  vada and chutney sambar are awesome. Served tandoori chicken and dosa at table. There was no wait time at all. Once we returned from there we felt drowsiness for long time not sure whether food is the reason for it.
The $14.95+Tax all you can eat buffet and unlimited free appetizers is so worth it. Had a fulfilling lunch with my friends today. I do like the spacious layout of the layout and the decor. I wish there were Chicken or Beef Vindaloo because I like a little heat in my food since I wasn't a huge fan of lamb. Definitely come here on an empty stomach because I got full just eating two plates and the free appetizers especially the way that the chef made those yummy drumsticks. Mango Lassi was so delicious but it makes you full faster. Next time I will just drink water. I recommend this spot to anyone because the food was superbly delicious.
I went in around 2 pm for a late lunch buffet,  plenty of food still left, but it was looking a little picked over.  In addition to the buffet  bar,  they bring out prepared items from the kitchen: vegetable fritters, naan, and tandoori chicken.I would skip most of the protein items on the buffet bar and ask for second helpings of the items that comes out of the kitchen, especially their really tasty tandoori chicken and buttery naan. So good. For $14.95 all you can eat lunch buffet,  it's a good deal.
No dish was good enough. Panned Kali Mirch was labelled as must try on their menu, and it wasn't even tolerable!!
What a find! Got the lunch special to go and it was delicious. For around $10 you can fill up as much buffet that can fit in the container plus naan and dessert. Nice staff and very pleasant experience.
Best Indian food I've had since moving to the city. Service was very attentive, Rowan checked on us frequently and even brought us free dessert to try!
Chola is temporarily closed. We love eating here but were disappointed to learn this today!
Chole poori, gulab jamun and kheer were good. Paani puri was stale. Service not so good.
Love this place for lunch!! They have a buffet with good variety, dessert too. They bring out naan, tandoori chicken, pakoras, and mini dosa to your table all complimentary. So nice. Their masala chai is also AMAZING. Might have to wait after you order the chai because they probably make it fresh but its so worth the wait. sidenote - I love the music, it's instrumental versions of Bollywood songs.
The butter chicken and Daal makhni were fantastic!Both were the best i've had anywhere in the city.  My new go to favorite!
Good Indian buffet - intimate setting - came for brunch and were impressed with the vindaloo, samosas and nan expressly brought to the table.  Good range of vegetarian and non-vegetarian offerings.
My fav Indian restaurant! Food place so so good -very nice personals and friendly and really best Indian meal I ate in NYC :)
Probably a 3.5 star..... We ordered malai kofta and chilli paneer dosa. While the malai kofta was great (kofta balls were soft and tasty in a very well made gravy) ,the dosa was burnt and didnt taste good at all. The service was slow. We waited for our check forever until we decided to get up and pay at the counter.
Wonderful meal at Chola last night for 9 of us. We were here to celebrate Diwali with a bunch of friends. We had an 8:30pm reservation and were seated at exactly that time. We ordered family style and all the food was delicious. For apps we had the bhel puri, Lasuni gobi and the chapli kebab. Hands down Lasuni gobi wins this round. The other two were good but the gobi was the star.For dinner we all shared the chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, daal makhni, paneer makhni, baingan bartha, and malai kofta. The standouts here were the biryani, daal and malai kofta. The only thing that was left over was the baingan bartha (i have no idea who even likes this dish in general).Nice little touch at the end of the meal was a little Diwali dessert box they gave us on the house.This was a solid place and will definitely be back to enjoy another meal with friends.
The food was good & portion sizes were generous. The service was good & they were good about splitting up our check for a big group.
After reading good reviews we decided to try the Saturday Lunch buffet. It was a big mistake. Ambiance: It is very congested place. A small place has many tables very close to each other. It is very difficult to get inside while having lunch since you might bump into your neighbors table. I personally like tables separated from each other so that we can enjoy our conversation and the food. Service: Was not bad. The owner/manager was kind enough to talk to me and tell me that if we come early then it is better for lunch buffets. Food: As we went around 1:30pm the lunch trays were almost empty. They had good variety for the food to try. My husband and I had an upset stomach for 2 days after eating the food. Nothing was heavenly. The sambar vada was very oily. Idli didnt taste good. Sambhar didnt taste good. Tandoori chicken was cold and tasteless - it was bland and burnt. The curries were also okay and I bet they put too much of soda in it. I am not going to recommend this place after suffering much.
I have lunch here often. The buffet is quite good and the service is pleasant and attentive. An enjoyable and convenient option.
Awesome halal indian food in the city. One of my favorites.
I used to live around the corner from Chola a few yrs back, and the restaurant always looked pretty and never empty.  I have ordered catering for my office from Chola several times due to staff clamoring for Indian cuisine, and have been quite impressed with the quality of the food, the punctuality of the delivery, the way everything has been packed, and the budget-friendliness.  Fan favorites: naan, chicken tikka masala (but really everyone likes that), tandoori chicken (listed on the catering menu as "chicken tikka), chicken korma, vegetable biriyani, raita (always essential with Indian), and baigan bharta.
My favorite Indian buffet lunch spot in the city.  The food is well seasoned, well cooked and flavorful.  In addition to the standard options of chicken tikka masala and lamb curry and usually two or three vegetarian options, there's a rotating mix of other dishes so the daily lunch buffet is different.  They always bring freshly cooked naan and tandoori chicken to the table when you sit down. One time, I met my S.O. and two toddlers there. The kids ate a ton of chicken tikka masala, rice and naan.  They only charged me for one kid because the kids don't eat much, being little.  Which was very nice of Chola, although I try to return the favor by tipping them for the "free meal."   The only problem with the place is that when I leave, I'm usually ready for a post-lunch nap at the desk.
This is one of my favorite Indian spots in the city. The Malai Kofta is INCREDIBLE, best I've ever had. It is so creamy and rich and the sauce is simply addictive. The service is top notch. The waiters and staff are highly attentive. The restaurant is big and roomy, with plenty of tables.
Before coming here, I have never dined at an indian restaurant for fear of crying over spicy food.  But at Chola, I learned that Indian cuisine isn't really hot and spicy, it's more of a tasteful blend of different spices to flavor the food.  That being said, I took a a bit of everything from their lunch buffet and LOVED every single item!  None of them tasted the same - they were all uniquely flavored and completely mouthwatering!+ classy decor+ attentive and hospitable service + THE FOOD!+ THE DESSERT!  -- Kheer and Gulab Jamun+ lunch buffet is only $14 ($20 after tax and tip)Absolutely loved the Kheer!  It's like sweet rice pudding with cardamom and other seasonings.  The Gulab Jamun are little spongy balls (tad too sweet) that went well with the kheer.  I wouldn't take more than 2 balls.P.S.  It smells heavenly when you walk through the door!P.P.S.  Their wooden bowls are so cute!
This review is for the dosa/South Indian option of the menu. I'm still sitting here in the restaurant... And I can't get over it. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED! Regarding dosa.. Get the classic, don't get anything else. Oh, but you should still expect it to be soggy...
Bland no flavor and over priced. We trusted the 4 star Yelp review and that was our biggest mistake. Lex has so many better restaurants. This is over hyped and does not deliver at all.
One of the best Indian restaurants in New York. We used to go there for lunch buffet when we would visit New York but now we live in the neighborhood and mostly go there for dinner. They have a very interesting menu that you don't find at every Indian restaurant -- of course they have the classics too. We have tried two chicken dishes that were very well done. The vegetarian dishes are also very authentic. Definitely recommended !
Really tasty food, good service. We went for business alumni meet and all of us enjoyed the meal.
Chola is a solid sit-down Indian restaurant. They have a beautifully large selection of food and drink - I love anything to do with masala or paneer, and this place nails it. I recommend the Paneer Kali Mirch and the Dal Makhani - both were quite memorable.But there were downsides. The service was quite slow both times I've been here. The waiters are very nice, but forgot about us when we asked for more water or small things like that. These are both small things, but they would have certainly transformed the experience into a 5 star dinner.The dinner, while delicious, comes with a hefty price tag (considering you must get rice or naan separately). I haven't come for lunch yet, but the buffet seems cheaper, which is fantastic.
Nazer the manager is fantastic !!The service and food specially is great !!Paneer Khucharn is shredded cottage cheese with red tomato curry !! A must have !!Paneer cheese nan and garlic nan is to die for !!
The food here was just okay, but I have definitely been to much better Indian spots.The portions were smaller than what I was used to (but sadly not cheaper) and the food itself tasted very bland. I had to add a lot of salt into my food just to make it taste better, and I'm not one that touches to salt shaker very often.The service, however, was great. They were accommodating and made sure we were happy.
Without a doubt the best Indian in NYC.  Stopped in last night with a friend last night.The manager Nissar is one of the most hospitable and professional restauranteurs I have ever met.  The service was top notch and the food was remarkable.  You know when you cant go wrong with anything on the menu, thats how it went.  My friend who was accompanying me is not a vegetable person and in front of my eyes she is scarfing down Okra.  The garlic naan is UNBEATABLE and the  sauces are rich in flavor.  It's one of those situations where once you have Chola its hard to settle for another.Thanks for a wonderful meal and great service.
This was a really unique experience for me and my family.  Indian by roots, I usually find myself at more "Americanized" Indian restaurants that are either less authentic, or just of lower quality in terms of both preparation method and freshness of ingredients.  This restaurant has an amazing selection of both South Indian and North Indian cuisine.  Many places that offer both, typically are better in one or the other. We ordered both types, from dosas with a wide variety of chutney dips, to more Northern lamb and chicken curries.  Being American, I ordered my favorite chicken makhani, which is heavier in creamy than most curries.  The service was also excellent, in addition to the ambience.  While most nicer Indian restaurants in NYC servce food in western style plate settings, this one maintained copper servingware.  Highly recommend this place for family dinners and dates!
FoodWe had the chicken chettinad which was delicious. They use all white meat. It's flavored with peppercorns and chilis. It's not a cream based dish.We also has the Phaal which is part of the spicy club. It is sweet and spicy every bite you get some heat with the sweet. Wash it down with a 1947 Beer!The garlic naan was really good. I highly recommend the naan bread. The chili and onion naan was great as well. ServiceWas attentive and friendly. Will return again!
Just made a call to ask about the menu and was told exasperatingly to call back after 5pm because they're on break. Than why pick up the phone at all?!?!? It was 4:45pm by way. Where is this written for your customers to know?????? I was going to order for a pick-up, but nah... There are other bet Indian places out there.
I ordered from here on Seamless, so I haven't been to the place itself.  I ordered the Konju Pappas, yogurt rice and aloo baigan.  Everything was delicious!  The Konju Pappas was creamy and tangy and had a lot of curry sauce.  The aloo dish had the potatoes cooked perfectly and it was a little spicy which I loved.  The yogurt rice was very good.  It had mustard seeds, lentils and was a good consistency.  My only critique would be that I dislike when fresh ginger is grated and used for cooking.  Most Indian food that I've made is with ginger paste or cut so large that I can pick it out easily.  It's too strong of a flavor otherwise.  But aside from that, I will definitely order from here again.
My roommate and I were craving Indian food this saturday and decided to try an Indian place in our neighborhood. We chose to go to Chola, based on the outstanding yelp-reviews. And just as yelpers promised, this place was great. We arrived at 7 pm on a saturday night, and we were the only ones there. But, within the next 15 min the place was packed. Service was very friendly and efficient. I ordered the butter chicken, which was excellent, and we got chips + veggies on the house! Perfect!
Ah, my first venture into Indian cuisine. Tucked away in the UES, I came by between classes at Hunter during my lunch hour. I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala with garlic naan and a mango lassi. The chicken was moist and tender, and the curry full of flavor. The naan was fluffy and delicious. The mango lassi was creamy and not too sweet, and came in a mason jar which I thought was a nice touch. Overall it was a bit pricey but worth it IMO. Please don't make the mistake I made of ordering off the regular menu if you come by during lunch...they have a buffet which will save you tons. I didn't notice it on my way in, because I was too busy looking around at the classy decor of the place; but then saw it on my way out. It's a pretty extensive buffet with something for everyone from what I saw.
Very solid Indian food.  Fast service, and pleasant atmosphere.They accidentally brought me the wrong dish - okra masala - but I actually liked it better than how I imagined the thing I did order.  (Just glad it was vegetarian!)  They were apologetic, offered to swap it out, and gave us a free appetizer.I wish they had more bean-centric dishes (like chana masala).Still, good experience.  I'd definitely go back.
I returned to chola after 5 months of trying indian food around the city, but nothing compares to chola. My husband has a mild taste and chola always manages to customize the food according to our taste. They have a great service and being there alwaysgives me positive vibe. I do recommend to visit this place if your looking for the indian place with a huge menu with variety of indian foods.
My husband and I ate at Chola years ago and loved it.Years later me and my family (party of 9) came in this past Saturday for lunch and Chola wasstill equally amazing! They normally have these fish fry things in their buffet I believe Friday'sbut I wish they had it Saturday/Sundays.Anyhow, long story short the food/buffet is DELICIOUS and the service was great. The menu had lamb biryani, goat curry, chicken tikka masala, plus salads and raita, and sambar and idli and uttapam pancake things.. not to mention another 4-5 veg dishes!....We had the manager, Nisar M. tending to our needs as well as the very attentive waiters! They were super friendly and for all the annoying little things we asked for (extra small plates, napkins, spoons, sauces, onions, green chilies, lemons etc).. they obliged happily! The manager was so very nice!If I had to make any critique it was that they couldn't make a salt lassi, but could make a mango or sweet one. Yet, they brought my kid nephew some plain yogurt, so wasn't sure why you couldnt turn that into a salty lassi, but that's very minor!
This place was delicious! I had the Nav vegetable korma which I asked for spicy, the sauce was amazing...Yum...we also had the malwani chicken, made to perfection! The mango lassi was really good as were the vegetable samosas. We'll definitely be coming back again. I've tried many Indian restaurants in the city and this is my favorite.
WOW! Chola Eclectic Indian Cuisine is good. It was recommended by a friend and it turned out to be some of the best Indian I've had. My friend and I was waiting by the door when Chola opened for the evening. We were immediately seated and water glasses filled. After a few minutes surveying the menu we placed our order of  2 Sambhat Idli soup and split a starter of Chili Chicken. I love spicy foods so the Lamb Vindaloo was a must as my main. The Sambhat Idli was excellent, a steamed rice cake in a thin spicy lentil broth. The Spicy Chicken in a mildly spicy red chili sauce was also excellent. Next was the Lamb Vindaloo, lots of lamb and big chunks of potato was perfectly cook. The lamb was tender and lean. The sauce was perfectly sinus clearing over well cooked rice. Needless to say we didn''t leave hungry. One thing you will not find is low prices, at least relative to most restaurants around the country. Just keep in mind your in Midtown Manhattan.  Chola was very clean and service was excellent. Really it's hard to find any fault. Chola is and excellent choice if in the area.
Agree with jp.  Went there earlier today (Saturday) before the party even showed and we turned away because of the private party.  We arrived at 12:30 and were still not served.
I ordered food for delivery, on line.  My order was perfectly packaged and delivered exactly when they estimated it would be delivered.  My meal was hot, and spiced exactly the way I ordered it.  Most importantly,  everything was delicious.  I got the Chicken Tika Masala, Garlic Nann, and Pakora.  Excellent!!!!I will be sure to order from Chola again.
I've been to Chola a few times, and have always had a great experience.  The prices are not super cheap but it is a few blocks from Bloomingdales--nothing in that neighborhood is that cheap.  The first few times I went I ordered chicken tikka masala, which is fabulous.  Recently I ordered the navratton korma, which I wasn't crazy about; korma is supposed to be a creamy cashew sauce, but this tasted tomato based somehow.  Also, it had chunkos of paneer cheese mixed in, which I didn't care for.  That being said, the service is always great, and the make a killer mango lassi.  Not the best Indian food I've ever had but a great spot to hit in the 'hood.
My wife and I ate dinner there last night. We had the cauliflower with sweet and sour sauce. We then followed up with Spinach with paneer cheese and Chicken Tikka tandoori style.The one downfall was the lemon rice. It was not completely cooked.They had made one error and brought us the wrong chicken entree in the beginning but the waiter and captain were so apologetic about it and our entree that we ordered came out rather quickly. I would definitely eat there again and bring friends as I would like to be able to try more dishes
I went here for a Sunday buffet.  From the website, it seems like it is a sister restaurant of several other Indian restaurants in Manhattan.  There was one down by Murray Hill that I wanted to go to, but ended up at Chola because I had an appointment in the area.I was a bit disappointed by the selection.  I've been here before several years ago and I recall that they had a much better selection.  They didn't cook enough naan so I ended up waiting about 15 minutes for it after we were seated.  The choices came down to about 2-3 chicken entrees, one lamb, a goat biryani (this was surprising - some people would be very happy to find this at a buffet), 2-3 veggie entrees, and one fish.  It came down to about 10 choices, which is not a bad number, but I remember there used to be more.  Chicken Tikka Masala was not one of the choices - I found this a bit odd since it's one of the more popular dishes, especially among non-Indians.Overall, it's a decent Indian buffet to try out if you're in the area.  It will set you back $14.95 per person on the weekends.
I've been to Chola many times, most recently with a non Indian colleague on Fri night. While the atmosphere was not sceney spot, it was just perfect to have a great chat and relish an amazing meal. The restaurant hits the spot consistently as to authentic flavors and a far more diverse menu compared to most Indian restaurants. Yes, there are more upscale spots with fancier menus, this is my go-to place when I'm craving simple naan, paneer, daal and other vegetables. I'm vegetarian but I've taken plenty non vegetarian friends and colleagues here who rave about the food. Their buffet is head and shoulders above most Indian buffets in the city. I prefer the a la carte menu more for it's variety. Thanks to the manager for taking such good care of us, it made the experience even more wonderful!
Good food here! Food was a bit on the spicy side, but it was very good. I can handle spicy food so it was okay for me lol. Can't say the same for my friend Muahah. We ordered Butter Chicken and Peas Pulau Rice. We received a vegetable dish on the house and Papadam or Chappati (I can't remember lol). Everything was good. I read through previous reviews on yelp and found out they have a buffet before 3 PM on weekdays. I plan on coming during that time to try out their buffet one day. Service was really good. The inside setting was decorated nicely and tables as well. All of the waiters were attentive and really nice. We were able to see the manager on the floor and he was really nice as well. The only bad thing I can say is that they are a bit on the pricey side for Indian food. Other then that, everything was great!
Yelp need to have a half of a star because Chola is worthy of that, it was 20 minutes to 3pm when my family and I walked in and was told that we have 20 minutes to eat from the buffet table.  You should never tell a customer that and because they did, we will never, ever eat here!  Chola is a NOLA. Bad business!!
Overall this place is definitely one of the best Indian restaurants at which we've eaten.  Service was relatively quick and friendly (we had a nice chat with that main waiter/host on the way out) and the food ranged from good to outstanding.  It's not cheap (about $100 for two of us, with tip, and we had only 2 beers), but I would definitely eat here again if I were looking for a moderately upscale Indian restaurant in the midtown area.I've wanted to try this place for a while, so on our recent trip to NYC we made a quick reservation on OpenTable for 6:30pm on a Friday night.  Turns out we didn't really need the reservation as it wasn't very busy, probably due to the time (early) and that fact that it was a very cold weekend in January.  But they had us down in their computer and seated us right away when we arrived.  The service was relatively friendly.....not overly helpful, but not bad.  The waiter did suggest that my dish (Aunt Murali's Chennai Goat Curry) was very spicy and that goat meat is served on the bone (if I wanted it boneless, I should choose lamb).  I stuck with it anyways, since I've always wanted to try goat and you don't run into it very often, and ordered mine medium spicy.   Well, he was right, it was definitely spicy.  I like some spice, but damn, this would have been on fire if I had ordered it "regular".  Overall, I liked the dish, it had good flavor and a definite kick, but as for the goat...I think I'll stick with lamb next time.  It was a little more "gamey" than lamb and also a little fatty.  My wife ordered the Butter Chicken, simple and easy to approach, and it didn't disappoint. She said it was the best Butter Chicken she's had, and I would agree that the sauce was really good.  The chicken itself, however, had a little grizzle and could have been a little more selectively cut, or of better quality.The appetizers were ordered were both very good, Vegetable Samosa and Sham Savera.  The samosas were giant, had a good crust, and nice flavor to the filling.  The accompanying sauces were also good, once more spicy (green) than the other (red).  But the Sham Savera really stood out, this is probably the best Indian dish I've ever experienced.  It's described as "cheese spinach rounds in a nut sauce", and is essentially just that.  It's cheese curd formed into a ball, surrounded by a spinach casing, lightly fried, cut in half, and drizzled in a nut sauce.  Both the texture and the taste were truly outstanding.Tips:- Try the Sham Savera!  It's not spicy, actually just a touch sweet, but the flavor and texture are really great and it's something unique. I've never had anything quite like it before.- Portions are decently sized, so don't over-order, enjoy and share.- If it's marked as "spicy" on the menu, it is definitely hot!  If you like most of your food spiced medium/hot, you'll definitely want to ask them to tone it down a bit.  But if you like it on fire, go for it!
Stopped in with a friend today to try their lunch buffet. The only downside was that we arrived a bit late, and they only serve the lunch buffet till 3PM. The waiters and manager (Nisar) were all very accommodating, attentive and friendly.The food is delicious (maybe it was a blessing in disguise that I wasn't there longer to pig out). The lamb and chicken were great and they also have vegetarian options as well. The atmosphere is really lovely and relaxing too. I will definitely return! Great experience all the way around! Highly recommend!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the United States.  I have to visit Vancouver, B.C. to find better.  Can't say how it compares to London's famous curry joints or O.G. Indian restaurants in India.  All I can tell you is that I come back here when I'm in NYC because it's so good.  The combination of spices, the courteous service and the range of dish varieties never disappoint.
The food was fantastic but even more importantly the service was unbelievable.  The manager was really gracious and made sure we got timely service.  He noticed at one point that the waiter wasn't noticing us and made sure we were taken care of.All of the dishes were flavorful and rich.  I would definitely go back again and again.
My friend and I were craving Indian food and decided to go to Chola based on the reviews on Yelp (and proximity to his apt).  We went here last Saturday and had a great and super-filling meal.We started with the samosas and honestly, they were probably the best samosas I have ever had (and I've had a lot).  They were crispy on the outside, perfect amount of spice, not too dry, and filled with potatoes and peas that were cooked just right.I ordered the Malai Marke Paneer and it was really good.  The paneer was grilled nicely and the curry tasted great.  We also got garlic naan and coconut rice.  The coconut rice was really tasty and the coconut wasn't overpowering - just the right amount.The restaurant is a little more on the pricey side, but definitely worth it.  I'd come back here again the next time I'm in the area.
3.5 stars.This place is good, for sure. But it's just too expensive given that there are equally great places for a lot less expense.All white meat chicken - great!Chicken Kali Mirch - chicken cooked in a yogurt cream sauce with peppercorns. This was mild, but flavorful. Not sweet, which is a huge plus because a lot of mild dishes at Indian restaurants tend to be sweetened with sugar for no reason (I assume trying to cater to an Americanized palate?). This was not like that. Not spicy, but also not sweet. Good flavors, very rich and creamy. Chicken Vindaloo - I've eaten vindaloo tons of places and this one is a good one for sure. Spicy even, but not overly so. I didn't have to ask them to make it extra spicy at all. It is the right amount. But the other flavors still come through - sometimes a vindaloo just takes like heat, but not this one. A bit on the acidic side, though.Chicken Phall - spicy! But very different in flavor than most Indian dishes. It's not really tomato based and not much cream. It's more like a spicy tomatillo and has a greenish/brown color. This was my first time tasting the phall because I've been worried about the heat level, but someone else ordered it. Definitely spicy, but especially if you're sharing, it's a great balance with a milder dish. The flavor was good, but I can't compare it to other phalls.Garlic and onion Naans were good too, but the garlic was better. The onion naan used red onion, which seemed odd to be. It really tasted like an onion pizza, which wasn't bad, but not what I was expecting. I'd go with the garlic. And the onion was a bit oilier than the onion. But both good.The biggest problem with this place is the expense. Each of our entrees ranged from $18 to $19.50 - that is crazy. The naans were $5.25 each. And rice isn't even included, so you pay an extra $5 per rice. The ambiance is nice, but typical of Midtown East. Calm, quiet, white table cloth, but not much personality. The servers are attentive, but also seem confused most of the time. They are nice, but communication was difficult sometimes.Wouldn't go back because it's too expensive, but I'd take a free meal here any day. It's good quality food.
I've been here twice for the weekend lunch buffet and once for dinner- it was so good! Buffet has north and South Indian food (pani puri with tandoori soup and potatoes, dosa with lentil soup). I really enjoyed the lamb in the biryani, the pani puri, lentil soup, and chicken tikka masala. Not worth getting: goat curry. They also bring around chaat, tandoori chicken, naan and dosas during the buffet.
The food quality has really gone down. It used to be a great place to have a nice Sunday afternoon brunch place if you were in a mood for curry- but omg, everything is heavy and lacks taste. The food has become so predictable. No more Kadhi, no more Baigan Bharta. But most importantly everything is full of cream. They want you to get full so you won't each much. Chola- you guys need to make your food a little healthier, introduce some variety on the vegetarian side- being in some exciting dishes. Bring in Hakka noodles, kadi pakora, Bharta, bhindi and make good more.    digestable. Give us a little more choice in Breads..Service is still great. You need a new chef
Best Indian Food Buffet on the island of Manhattan. I've tried many of them & for the price this is the best one period. This is the place I take my friends from out of town when they visit.  It's conveniently located, the food is delicious, the ambiance is classy and the service is great. There are vegetarian selections for those who don't eat meat. Note that the lunch is much more affordable than dinner and it's an "all you can eat" buffet. If you plan to have dinner here, it's much more expensive & a completely different restaurant experience.
Eatin Indian with my indian buddy! Food is delicious chicken tikka off the wall. Kamasutra cocktail got me felling good.Chola, in east midtown, offers the buffet to end all buffets. You get all you want of meat dishes like creamy chicken korma and lamb with mustard seeds, coconut, and onions, veggie staples like dal, okra and spinach, two kinds of rice (pilau and biryani), snacks like idli and mini fried lentil donuts known as medhu vada, and a dessert. In addition, chaat, naan, and tandori chicken will be brought to your table. Leave here hungry? Pshaw. I'm pretty sure it can't be done.
My favorite Indian restaurant in the city! Yes, it is a tad more expensive. That being said, the quality of the food is AMAZING and the service is wonderful. There is a very energetic and nice host who seats you and the waiters are all very polite and prompt. Chicken vindaloo was AMAZING! I believe the Chef who runs this place is the same one that runs Tulsi, which is a Michelin-starred restaurant that is also delicious (but much more expensive). Sometimes you have to wait a few minutes to get a table because it's not a huge restaurant but I've never had an issue. I've seen some large groups here sometimes and it seems they're able to accommodate that fairly well. Definitely try this place if you like Indian food - Chola is such a gem!
My friend and I came here on a Friday night for a quite yummy dinner.  The food was really good.  We ordered chicken chilly for appetizer and it was awesome.  the waiter were polite and not rushing.  We were there for at least 1hr 1/2 but nobody told us we had to hurry.  We ordered Jerra rice dal tadka Mali Kofta butter Naan and it was just amazing.  love this place.
Stopped in for lunch on Saturday and had a great meal of butter chicken and house special chicken curry. Good service and tasty dishes, although it's the only time I've never been asked about the level of spice I preferred. Maybe because it was two ladies they assumed we wanted mild???  Other than that had a pleasant experience and would definitely recommend the food.
Excellent place.  Attentive staff, authentic Indian cuisine, great ambiance.  Highly recommended.
Amazing , tasty, delicious! ! You wont be disappointed! ! Came to the lunch buffet and it was amazing! Best indian buffet so far!
Brought my mother for the lunch buffet. Excellent food and amazing service. Will definitely be back
My sister had a craving for Indian food so a group of us (5) headed here to try out their lunch buffet.The restaurant is tight! We were seated smack dab in the middle of the restaurant close to tables and booths all around us so it was annoying trying to avoid getting elbowed or hit by people trying to pass us. Service was average. Bathroom needs to be updated and match the rest of the restaurant.Now onto the good, we all loved that a fresh variety of breads were brought to our table as well as tandoori chicken. I wish they were a bit more prompt with refills though. The different chutneys were great for dipping or accompanying our dishes. I really enjoyed the curries.Some items on the buffet were stale or left out too long like the fried dough rings so all of us left it unfinished after tasting it. The gulab jamun was too soggy and the syrup was just sweet (lacking any spices).Four of us ordered mango lassi and it was watered down and flavorless. The mango was definitely not fresh mango. It was cute that it was served in a mason jar though.Overall, there were some hits and misses but that's what happens when you venture to a buffet. Would I venture back? Only if I was in the neighborhood and we were craving Indian food. I probably wouldn't go out of my way like I did this time around.
Another great YELP gem!The reviews say it all -- great place to eat delicious Indian food. A group of us meet for dinner. I arrived very early and they gladly let me hang out at the table until the rest of my party arrived. We ate family style to best enjoy the menu and sample several dishes. Every bite was perfectly spiced and so delicious. And we went home with leftovers for lunch!We started with the Masala Dosa -- a thin rice crepe filled with spices, onion and potato. It is the ideal dish to share. It's huge. Delisiocus and perfectly seasoned.From the Tandoor we savored chicken tikka in a divine sauce.Lamb saag (lamb in a spinach sauce)Gobi keema (cauliflower with yogurt and spices)Garlic naan for soaking up the wonderful sauces and dishes.
I never eat twice in a week at the same restaurant while I am travelling to NY..this is one of the best indian restaurant I have tried in NY. .lots of good veggie and non veg options..try lasoni ghobi, imli eggplant and sham savera from appetizers..sham savera is unique dish and must must try...from non veg pahadi  murgh was too good..staff is very welcoming and friendly too
It's my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  There I said it.Why is this place so good?  Even though the buffet costs more than many of its peers?  Even though finding parking in this area is a pain in the ass?  Because the curries here are do freakin' flavorful.  I tried the lunch buffet and was fairly surprised by the quality of the food even though it was not served a la carte.  The chicken tikka masala here really kicks ass.  The flavors are just a cut above your average Indian restaurant.  The best way to describe it was a perfect kick coupled with a rich, savory flavor that's making me drool thinking about it right now.  The other chicken dishes were also tasty and their tandoori chicken was solid.  Perfectly grilled and the texture of the meat was nice and tender.  My lady loved all the vegetarian options especially the saag paneer, which looked great.  The eggplant curry was also excellent.  And even the naan here was nice.  Not too thick and the texture was just right.  Needless to say I was ready to shit my pants by the end of the meal.  Not because I contracted some form of food poisoning, but rather I ate so much that I honestly haven't been that full in a very long time.  We were all very pleased with our meal and am looking forward to another tasty lunch there.
4 stars for the yummy vegetarian entree I got, 3 stars for the server or manager that was being pushy and tried to get us to order an appetizer, reason being ''it would take long time to get your food'', it only took about 15 minutes which wasn't bad. We first said, no thanks, he pushed for it again, we said no, he said ''it's good to get an appetizer''. Not sure why he was being so pushy, please stop doing that to your customers!
This has good reviews on yelp so thought of going there after a tiring day. We ordered chilli paneer, veg jalfrezi and dal tadka but didn't find anything good. Dal tadka was ok but chilli paneer and veg jalfrezi had too much sauce which felt like tomato ketchup and that made the dish sweet and tangy instead of spicy. Totally disappointed!!
Been here more than 5 times, and it has impressed everytime. Definitely my favorite Indian food in NYC at this price point. Great delivery, great when there in person, and if you get a chance to have the buffet, do it. They do a great job managing the quality of the food and diversity of the menu.
Handsdown!! Best indian restaurant in NYC, no questions at all!! Their buffet is the best, we have been to many weekend buffets here. They have dosa's, idli's and regular veg and meat dishes with a delicious dessert, mostly gulab jamun in a Buffet. We  have been for Dinner many a times and the food always tastes great.
I don't even know where to start with this one.  What a treat at Chola.  I've been on an Indian kick in the last few weeks so when I met up with a friend, I wanted to make sure that I tried new dishes.  So let's pump the brakes a bit and take it back to the minute I arrived.  I was greeted by  the friendliest of friendliest staff members.  I got there around 6 and in less than an hour the restaurant was packed, which is usually a good sign.I started off with the Gin Frizz which was really good and my friend had the mango martini which was equally good and strong.  The second round didn't necessarily look or taste like the first but I didn't mind since it was just as good and strong.The decor is an interesting mix of old school dining with some contemporary flair here and there.  The tables are situated pretty close to each other but coupled with the great service and warm lighting, it provided a really nice comfortable ambiance. Now on to the deliciousness.  We started off with the Bhagari Jinga.  The sauce was so scrumptious that we asked the waiter to let us hold on to it so we could sop up our garlic naan with it.  Yeah.  It was that serious.  And that naan!  Oh so garlicy and so fluffy! We also ordered the Chola Meat Basket which should really be renamed "Meat Lovers Paradise."  It was a mix of dark and white meat chicken and sausage that were all tender and all fantastic.  Our starters were definitely filling and we could have stopped there but seriously, we would have been fools if we did.For the main course my friend had the Saag Paneer, which she loved, but I thought was pretty standard.  I had the Goa Fish Curry which was to die for.  A mix of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside fish with a tamarind and coconut sauce.  It had a little kick to it without being overwhelming. This was hands down the best dish of the night.  I don't venture often to that part of town, but now I know of an awesome place that I will definitely visit again.
If you want so good Indian food in NYC this is the place to be. Every time we visit NYC we come to dinner here at Chola. Excellent food with lots of favor and excellent service. I highly recommend this if you are looking for a good Indian dinner while in NYC
Very cozy restaurant! The food was very good. Loved the naans! The buffet is very varied for 14.95 $. I reccomend it. Though it closes at 3pm. Very good service and nice ambience music.
We live in LA; my husband is from Ireland and we LOVE Indian food.  we never travel to NY without a visit to Chola.  Friendly, helpful; delicious food. Our favorite Indian restaurant in America, the food is so light, and lovingly prepared.
Some of the most authentic Indian food I've had in NYC.   Great variety, accessible, well made.   Light and healthy and flavorful.  The way Indian food should be!
Amazing!!!!! The flavors, the service, the atmosphere- all superb! Literally still sitting here and could not wait to leave a review. It could not be better!!
Such fantastic Indian cuisine!  Highly recommend.  The service was excellent and we were waited on by 3 or 4 different staff throughout the evening.  Personally ordered the, Malwani Chicken Hara Masala, which was extremely flavorful, filled with delicious spices.  Ate this with Cumin Rice and various types of Naan.  If you're looking for fine Indian dining, look no more!  This restaurant is conveniently located, waited by attentive staff, and filled with flavorful and rich menu items!  Enjoy!
I'm split between 3 and 4 stars. The first time I went to Chola, I was enamored. I thought it was one of the best Indian places I had been to in the city. I recently went back for a reunion dinner with my old coworkers and now I'm thinking the 5 lychee martinis I had during dinner the first time might be why I loved it so much...The pros -Chola is a spacious restaurant and its fairly easy to get reservations for big groups. Their staff is accommodating and tries their best to please patrons (which is quite a feat for an Indian restaurant). They have Kingfisher beers, a must have with Indian food. What I like most about Chola is the diversity of their menu. It's rare that you go to an Indian restaurant and find food from both North and South India, as most places just serve Punjabi (North Indian) food. It's a nice treat to be able to order both butter chicken and chettinad chicken in one sitting. And the fact that they're both pretty tasty doesn't hurt.The cons -Despite the more "upscale" ambiance and diversified menu, Chola isn't all that different from most other Indian places in the city. The portions could be larger. The meat quality could be MUCH better. And the sever/manager could definitely be more subtle about up selling things.  If you go to Chola, try the South Indian curries that you don't typically find at Punjabi restaurants. In my opinion, this is where Chola really excels. The rogan josh is delicious too, but only if you can handle the heat.
I've tried dinner here and recently came back for the lunch buffet.Dinner is was excellent. It has been awhile since I had that meal but I remember the mango chicken being the standout dish.  Everything however was very good.  I do remember the portions being a little small and the prices at the upper limits of what I consider acceptable. i.e. ($21-23) for a chicken dish.Anyways, I loved it so much I took my fiance to try dinner and and he was equally impressed.  From that point on for about the past 9 months we always have talked about how we needed to try the lunch buffet since everything we had tried at the restaurant was so stellar.Recently we made the commitment and tried the Indian buffet.  As much as we both wanted to like it, we were both quite disappointed with our meal and expenditure of  money and calories. The dishes were kind of bizarre. Maybe it was us and not the buffet? Unfortunately, we still didn't like it.  They were lacking meat dishes.  The chicken masala dish was soaking in oil.  There was an average pepper chicken dish and something that tasted like sweet and sour fish (like the Chinese dish).  No other meat dishes.  Just a bunch of other vegetable dishes and about three soup dishes.  The only dish I liked was the saag paneer which is pretty standard as far as I'm concerned.  Perhaps the dishes were just too different for us, but unfortunately, we really did not enjoy our meal at all.  Neither of us plan on returning for lunch or dinner after this experience.
A fantastic buffet is this tastefully decorated Indian joint's claim to fame. And it really is fantastic. All the dishes are individual stand outs and don't stray into the usual sameness buffet mire that is all-too-common. Naan is served table side as is some nice dosa and finger lickin' tandoori. Worth the trip. Afterwards take the gondola across the water and walk off the ghee.
Yelp deleted my previous review?? Why. this place was good just pricer than other buffetts. $17 i think for 2 people with tax and tip easy $20 per person. The buffett was fresh and I believe they had fish and stuff in the line.
Excellent weekend lunch buffet! But make sure you fast for 2 days before coming to eat here. We planned a group lunch buffet today and the experience was excellent (all eight of us agreed)!They have a very nice spread for the lunch buffet, which included plain rice with peas, lamb biryani, sag paneer, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, sauteed squash, aloo gobi, mushroom mixed veggie medley, sambhar and daal tadka. They had signs for "non-veg" and "veg" options, so they get points for that. I tried asking about VEGAN options, and it was a lost cause. One waiter kept telling me saag paneer was VEGAN and clearly it is not? Paneer is cheese, so that wasn't going to work. It was like maneuvering through a minefield, but I hope I managed OK. What was VERY interesting about this buffet is that they also come around and serve you appetizers. Everyone got a potato dosa, and we also had servings of bhel pori (puffed rice, spiced chickpeas, potatoes, mint and tamarind chutney), raghara chat (spiced potato patties, chickpeas) and a never-ending supply of naan. Throughout lunch, at different time points, people kept exclaiming how good this place was. Some people in our party even whipped out their phone to take note of the name of this place. Clearly, this place was a success. What was really fun about lunch was also getting to meet new people and discussing interesting ideas. A great way to kick-off a beautiful Saturday!
Decor cozy modern and comfortable, good service that is attentive and pleasant with warm welcome.The food is delicious,fresh and surprisingly light. Prices are reasonable. One of the few everyday NY Indian restaurants that hits all the marks.
We periodically go to Indian buffets for lunch and there are some decent options in the area. I noticed Chola pop up on a list and had to convince my coworkers to go try it out. We normally go to Darbar Grill and everyone loves it, so there was hesitancy to try something new.I have to say, everyone was very happy that we took the walk up to Chola. The buffet was full of great options. Various appetizers, two types of chicken curry, a lamb curry, and a variety of vegetarian options were all included. Plus, they brought naan, tandoori chicken, dosa, and potato pakoras right to the table. Some of the food was better than others but overall it was very good. Chola is definitely going into the lunch rotation moving forward. Plus if you don't have the time or stomach capacity to have the buffet, you can get a to go box for $10 which seemed to be a very popular option since we saw a ton of takeout and deliveries going out of the door. Go try it next time you're in midtown.
The food is quite good but the service sucks. Went for their lunch buffet last week and the service was pitiful. The folks in the next table were given starters etc while we were cold shouldered. We asked the servers for the starters and still they didn't bother bringing it to our table.
I'm South Indian born and bred, and it was with some trepidation that I approached the menu of this restaurant. Many have a preconception that the rich and varied foods of India can be condensed into chicken tikka and naan, and to be frank, most South Indian dishes don't sound very palatable when described in English (steamed rice cake with lentil gravy....) But. This was what I grew up on, and  it is every bit as heavenly when done well (albeit awful when done poorly), but very difficult to find commercially available. Noone ever has high expectations of the food of their youth when ordering it outside of their homes. Given the difficulty in finding good indian food that doesn't fall into the aforementioned naan-and-rich-curry combo, I was super skeptical when I ordered a Mysore Masala Dosa, Sambar Idli and a Thair Pachadi for delivery. Imagine my absolute delight when I unpacked the contents of my order at my Midtown desk!! The sambar was flavorful, the chutneys very fresh, the idli sufficiently fluffy, and the their pachadi a soothing, calming revelation. The Applam (papadam) was not oily and held up the various dips well. And the masala thosai, while not as good as one straight from the stovetop, was very well seasoned. Of course, all these dishes would be much better made fresh and served at a table. However, that the quality of the food was so apparent even on a delivery order on a freezing Midtown evening speaks volumes about the restaurant........Or maybe I'm just super homesick for home food and took whatever I got. Either way, thanks for making an evening at my desk, for a brief moment, transcendental.
Recently went here for the first time after a day of walking around NYC with the husband. Just walked in without a reservation and were seated immediately by a very enthusiastic and polite host. I think it was around 6pm on a Saturday so the restaurant was pretty empty at first which usually makes me nervous, but after about an hour it quickly started to fill up. We ordered:Garlic naanLasoni gobi (tangy/sweet cauliflower with peppers and onions)Vegetable samosaChicken tikka masalaLamb saag (didn't try this but the husband enjoyed it)They were all excellent and we would definitely order again. I usually find some Indian cuisine to be too heavy for my pretty sensitive stomach but I felt totally fine and not too full after eating a good amount of food here!Also, it was really cute how nice the people who work there are - I saw them helping an older woman from the table to the exit, always smiling, etc.One star down because before I asked our server to recommend a cocktail that was not sweet and the one they recommended (can't remember the name of it) was pretty much FULL of sugar and I really couldn't even drink it.
Had dinner at Chola last week with one of my girlfriends. They gave us poppadoms and different dipping sauces to start then we shared vegetable samosas which were very tasty. I feel like its really hard to find good Indian food but Chola did not disappoint. My friend had the lamb keema pulav, which turned out to be more like a biryani dish with minced lamb in it, served with a nice yogurt sauce. I had the chicken tikka masala, albeit cliche but a safe dish and I thought it was also pretty good, I've definitely had better but I've also definitely had worst. Overall the experience at Chola was a good one they could tell that we hadn't seen each other in awhile and that a bottle of wine and catching up is all we needed and they pretty much left us to it. Probability of return: Likely
Just ate there at the lunch buffet. The dishes are good, vegi and non-vegi but not such a wide selection. Everything is tasty and I can eat a dozen of their Gulab Gamun
I want to give this restaurant a 3 1/2 stars review but not sure how to do this.  The chicken Tiki was initially very good, but the second batch (the first batch had not chicken) the chicken had fatty pieces and an off flavor).  The spinach and lentils were good as was the lamb which was spicy and flavorful. I kept seeing chicken tandoori come out, but never actually saw any on the buffet table, which again was just too crowded.  I would suggest less items, or small containers, so guests can see and access the items available. The service is very friendly, and the manager, present, attentive and always looking for opportunity's to serve.  He came over to bring me one of the items they were out of, which was very thoughtful. While several items on the buffet were very good (I did not order ala carte) the table and serving utensils were messy, and the buffet is so crowded (especially the condiments) it lends it self to spills.  Smaller bowls need to be available for the mint, raita, and tamarind sauce, instead of the large unappealing bowls available.  Paying the bill took longer then expected for a buffet lunch service, but I would go back if I was in the area.
I enjoyed the Lamb Saag (lamb chunks in a spicy spinach sauce). Basmati rice, Garlic Naan, and a Mango Lassi to wash it all down was perfect. The lamb chunks were juicy and the spinach was not too spicy hot?
My favorite Indian joint in NYC.  Food can be a bit pricey but you get what you pay for.  It does kind of suck that a container of rice isn't included in the price of a $16 entree, but I still think that the food is worth it.  I brought my mom here when she came to visit.  She really does not like Indian food AT ALL, but she had a voracious appetite for the Paneer Khurchan, Peshwari Naan, and the Chicken Korma.  She tends to despise curry and spices but she somehow LOVED this place.  That's really a compliment to the chef!  The food is rich but not greasy, unlike other Indian places.  You won't see your food swimming around in a puddle of oil here.If you want to open someone's eyes to Indian food, this is the place to go.  It's classy, it's clean, and the food is great.  I listed my faves here.  It's so hard to try anything else since I'm usually set on the following dishes.  My Favorites:**Paneer Khurchan:  If you like paneer, this is a must-try!  I've been to many Indian places and none offer this dish.  It's grated paneer (so there is some cheesy creaminess in every bite) with bell peppers and onions.  Peshwari Naan: crushed nuts and diced fruits in a buttery breadMalai Kofta: Rolled-up veggie patties with a creamy nut sauceChicken Korma: Tender pieces of chicken in a creamy, red cashew sauceLamb Madras: Lamb with a coconut sauce with spicesMalai Kulfi: Indian ice cream...just try it!  My coworkers go crazy over this one.  With one mouthful, we all knew to order our own.  It's even worth it once you're stuffed from all the other dishes.
Chola is one of many (North) Indian restaurants on E. 58th Street, but it's the only one to have a full section of labeled vegan dishes. I came because that made it stand out from the rest; also, it seems to be ranked highly by various publications, and I wanted to see if it lived up to the hype.First the good: the ambiance is nice, the prices are reasonable (with some exceptions), and the service is friendly and attentive.Onto the food: I had the "bhuni gobi matar" ($14) which was a pea-cauliflower curry. The portion size was large and the dish tasted fine, but nothing spectacular; pretty much any North Indian restaurant in the US could make a virtually identical dish and it would taste exactly the same. That's the downside of Indian restaurant food---you don't find that much deviation from the average.They also gave me a free small portion of a stir-fry that consisted of beets and some kind of small green pod-like vegetable. It tasted fine and I liked that they used beets, because you almost never see that in Indian restaurant food.Amazingly, Chola has brown rice, though it's not listed on the menu. This is an uber-rare thing in the world of Indian restaurants. I got the brown rice, but it seemed more like parboiled rice to me. In any case, I should have asked how much it would cost, because it was a whopping $5. That's right, folks: $5 for an order of plain brown rice. That's about the same price as an appetizer.So, I felt jipped by that. I know restaurants need to make money somehow, but places that charge for rice are pretty low-brow. And $5 for rice is appalling.I also had an order of tandoori roti ($4) which was fine. Chola stands out for labeling its vegan items and offering brown rice (albeit at an absurdly high price). But is it great food? Is it unique and does it feel home-cooked? No. It's standard North Indian food. Don't expect much.
Chola, how I miss you!  I've lived in Chicago for several years now and have tried Indian restaurant after Indian restaurant, always leaving unsatisfied, knowing the food paled in comparison to Chola.I dined at Chola at least once a month for several years in a row - to the point that the entire waitstaff recognized me three years after I moved out of Manhattan.  Over time, I tried many of the dishes, but the Ragara appetizer and Paneer Khurchan were my standbys.  The Chicken Chutneywala entree is also a great runner-up option if you're craving animal.  I never had a dish that I didn't like - all were tasty and non-greasy.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance. Chola's not as cheap as the East Village or Murray Hill, but worth the little extra.  I've recommended Chola to both NYC natives and tourists alike, and no one has been disappointed!
We hoped Chola would satisfy our craving for Indian food.. Sadly it missed the mark for us. But to be fair we have been to India several times and are used to the high standard of Indian food in London. We did make a point of saying we liked spicy and not the usual 'American' version of curries but we were still disappointed.
We had the lunch buffet - very average food. Service was good. But the other Shiva Natarajan restaurants are much better
I found my new favorite lunch spot! The food is delicious and affordable. the lunch buffet take out option is wonderful; so many choices even dessert! The owner (i think he's the owner) is always SUPER friendly. This place actually knows what customer service means. I'll be back weekly :)
DO NOT BELIEVE THEIR DELIVERY TIME!!! (Seamless)It will take well over an hour to get your food and by that time it will be soggy and lukewarm. They list an estimated delivery time of 30-45 minutes which is a complete lie. Food itself is not worth the premium they charge. They also do not delivery past 70th street now however don't list that on Seamless, manager made me feel like he was doing me a huge favor by delivering food that I had paid for. Very disappointed.
It's hard to find good  Indian food  in NYC, but this place  was pretty nice.The only four  stars  is because my husband specifically asked for  a non spicy rice, and unfortunately it came spicy. So that was a down in terms of a service.I on the other hand like spicy,so it was all good for me.Give it a try
Been here twice. Idlis: pathetic. Sambar: acceptable.Paneer: ok.  Meat dishes: average.  Gulab Jamin:  melt in your mouth nice. Coconut chutney: blah. Mini dosa: neither crispy nor flavorful. Even though it is a buffet, they limit your access to the tandoori chicken, probably to cut costs. Don't be impressed by the delivery of naan, dosa and (onion rings) to your table: those are all low cost things that fill you up before you eat the more expensive things at the buffet.  Given all these limits, $15 + tip isn't the deal it might sound like.Too many reviewers who don't understand Indian food are too easily swayed by the chicken tikka masala. That shit is relatively easy to make taste good (lots of butter). It's like giving a breakfast joint 5 stars just because their bacon tasted good.
The food is really good, but it's not as rich as it could be.  The atmosphere and service is amazing.The all you can eat buffet seems like a really good deal, but otherwise the bang for the buck isn't there.  The portions are not that big, and the food is pretty pricey.
Food okay, not super fresh, not amazing, less good than expected. Buffet was emptying out at last half hour and they did not refill it adequately. Vegetarian selection so so. Weekend buffet was $14.95 per person. On the phone they said kids (6 yrs old) were "half price" which is $7.50 but they proceeded to charge $9.00. When asked why they said "sorry" but didn't adjust the charge. It's only a $1.50 difference but not quite right to do that. Overall, at least for weekend buffet, food quality and flavor not worth the price.
My dinner was awesome.  I had not had Indian food in quite a while and Chola was a great place to go.  The Kori Gassi chicken & lemon rice was delicious with just enough spice .  There are many choices choices for Indian food in New York City but this one has to be near the top.
Food was okay but service was terrible!  Our waiter overcharged us for many items that had different prices listed on the menu.  When we pointed that out, he argued and wouldn't back down- I don't know if he was pocketing the difference or what.  Looking back, we should have asked for a manager but it was a working lunch we were in a rush.  And honestly, with the amount of good Indian restaurants in the area, there's no reason to go back.
You can taste the freshness of the ingredients! that is solid foodSAAG PANEERFirst time at the restaurant, I went with the classic Saag Paneer. the portion is generous. Although I asked for less panneer there are still many chewy cubes served. The dish is so flavorful. A first the freshness of spinach fills your mouth, then you chew the Indian cheese, and then ,as you swallow, the spices begin to kick in, leaving a complete Indian expereince! Brown RiceSo happy brown rice is served at an Indian place. Just the portion is HUGE. It was a boat of rice... seriously. I finished like 1/3 of it and was already stuffed Also a cabbage side dish and chips were offered by the house. You can tell the chef is very enthusiastic about his creations. The table next to us order Roti. OMG, smelled sooooo good. will def try next timeOverall a solid experience with attentive staff and intimate ambiance.
Let me just start with this: I hate buffets. The idea of the all-you can eat stuff your face with luke-warm food and roll your fat self out the door is not appealing. However, the Indian brunch buffet at Chola may have changed my mind. The food was hot and delicious and they had great variety for anyone with any dietary concerns or restrictions. Also the buffet was refreshed frequently so nothing sat on the table for very long. I consider myself fairly knowledgeable about Indian Food, and there were a couple of dessert items on the buffet I've never even seen before. After filling my plate we returned to the table where the waiter brought fresh hot naan, chicken drumsticks and potato pancakes. It is also worth noting that the service was impeccable. And for $20 with tax and tip, this is the best buffet experience I've had in a long time. My only constructive criticism was that the restaurant was quite warm, which is not good when you are eating spicy Indian food.
Awesome lunch buffet! Not only is it reasonably prices ($15 on weekends), but it has all of the standard plates, done well, plus some extra stuff brought to your table. Service was attentive (my water cup was never empty for more than two minutes, when a dish ran out, it was refilled in less than 5 minutes).
Who loves Chola? Kim loves Chola!I heart this place. It's my favorite Sunday lunch buffet spot. Yes it's a bit pricey for lunch, but this place is well worth your hard earned cash. The food is ALWAYS on point. Their buffet offers a wide selection of delicious meats, rices, veg and dessert items. In addition, your servers will bring you more freshly prepared side dishes right to your table. The mango lassi is MMmm Mmmm Good. If you're a lassi fanatic such as I, do give this one a try. The servers are MORE than kind to you. Even on their busiest days, someone always takes the time to hold a little conversation with me. And my water cup is ALWAYS full (I drink a lot of water). They take pride in their business and all of them work as a team. Sometimes when a business is extremely busy, the customer service can get lost, but NOT here. They really do their best to make your dinning experience relaxing, comforting and warm. Thank you to Chola's exceptional team. You always make my meals here well worth it!
Ordered the lunch special for my daughter, who was in the hospital, Sagg is her favorite. The delivery guy messed up, but they redelivered and the owner was really nice on the phone. And most important, some of the best Indian food outside of India.
Good food and good service, we split one meal, and still had leftovers to bring home. The spicy dish was actually very very tasty, if only I could remember the name of it now
I went to Chola for dinner and was delighted with the meal I had. Reception and service was good with attentive waiters making sure all was going to plan. For starters I had Bagari Jinga, something I'd yet to try and it was very similar in taste to a traditional Prawn and Puri, but with a much richer sauce.On any first visit to an Indian restaurant I like to try the Chicken Korma, a fairly simple curry which you'll find in Indian restaurants the world over. This version was absolutely brilliant with the chicken perfectly cooked and very moist. The rich almond based sauce was wonderful with the accompanying nan bread. The only downside was that they did not do a traditional pilau rice.You are spoiled for choice with three Indian restaurants virtually next to each other, but Chola has that slight edge on its neighbors.
One of the finest Indian food served in this restaurant. Everything we tasted was mildly and deliciously spiced. From dal takda, to baingan bharta, saag paneer and idli. Very homemade since my in-laws enjoyed it way too much. They don't really eat too much spices and oily food so Chola definitely exceeded their expectation with their homey menu. It was so good, we went there for lunch (buffet) and dinner, 3 days in a row!!! Can't wait to visit Chola again, soon :)
You can't get any better than Chola when jonesin' for some Indian!A quaint, low-key place -I came here on Wednesday night for dinner at around eight-thirty. Sans reservations, we were able to find a table.Service was excellent - Servers came around often to ask us how we were enjoying the food or fill our glasses w water.Food was a m a z i n g  -Chola's menu is extensive with dishes for both vegetarians and meat-eaters. To start, we requested dosa. It was not on the menu, but our server said that he could have it made for us by the kitchen crew. As my main, I had an item from their specialties - Lata Shetty's Coondapur Chicken - with basmati rice and garlic naan. Make sure you come here hungry. Forget lunch.Portions are generous and you leave F U L L after eating here.Can't wait to come back !A solid 5 star.
We ventured to Chola for lunch the other day to properly welcome our Indian IT consultant to NYC. This is a cute little place (though ridiculously dark inside) that offers up a yummy buffet lunch. For  $13.95 plus tax and tip, we got to choose from idli, vada, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, friend rice, white rice, rice pudding, saag, daal makhani, and some other things I'm forgetting. On top of that we got baskets of unlimited naan, dosa, and pakoras at our table. Needless to say, you won't leave hungry. Our Indian consultant gave the place an "okay" but I thought it was pretty good!
This is hands down my favorite Indian restaurant. Great tasty authentic Indian food, fast service, and super fun and friendly staff -- kudos to the server that took care of us last Saturday night!  Oh, and aside from the food, their mango lasse is amazing, it's reason enough to visit.Lastly, this place has successfully converted my best friend (who hated Indian food before) into a full-time Indian cuisine lover. Pretty darn awesome don't ya think? ;)
Food was average.. nothing specular. Service was OK, again, nothing too great. I wouldn't go back because neighboring Indian restaurants (Junoon, Tamarind, Tulsi.. in that order) would be better choices.
My sister and I were visiting New York and wanted to have Indian food for dinner. After finding it on yelp, we walked a few blocks from our hotel to Chola. The staff were very friendly. I am a pescetarian  and I also don't eat any dairy. Our waiter helped me to decide what to order to accommodate my dietary restrictions. We started with the Lasoni Gobi, which was a cauliflower appetizer. It was SO delicious. If I hadn't of been stuffed by the end of our dinner, I would've wanted more. The cauliflower was coated in this delicious red sauce and after the cauliflower was eaten I was licking up the sauce. My sister ordered the cold, simple salad, which was a typical salad and very good. I had the lentil soup. It was piping hot, just like I like it and my sister was battling me to get some for herself. For dinner I ordered the shrimp curry and my sister had the Tandoori Chicken. They gave us chips and vegetables on the house with our entrees and the chips were a little strange but the veggies were great. I LOVED my curry. The shrimp was cooked perfect and I ate the curry like a soup it was so good. My sister said her chicken was a lite dry, but still enjoyed it. She loved my food again though. Overall, our experience at Chola was wonderful. We will definitely be returning the next time we come to NYC.
This place was right below standard Indian buffet food - the layout was weird (very narrow building and buffet is near the entrance so everyone is in everyone else's way).  I think they should get rid of 3-4 tables and move the buffet to the back to ease the flow of traffic.The food was only okay -- standard Chicken Tikka, etc. and chaat bar was nice but chutneys were not flavorful and tikkis they bring to the table were overcooked and cold.  I'd really rather go to one of the cheaper Curry Hill places and get something with actual spice and flavor than come back here.
Authentic & Great value for money.We went in for the lunch buffet on a weekday. The buffet was priced at $14 excluding tax and tip. The food was delicious and worth the $14. There was a huge spread and the food tasted fairly close to what I would get back home. Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, good Indian meal.
The food was very good, we ordered the masala dosa, the lamb byriani and the vegetable korma. The service was great. Highly recommend this place for anyone craving Indian food in Midtown East.
I've been here several times for the lunch buffet and it never disappoints.  I love Indian food, and I like the variety of their dishes included in the buffet - they seem to offer more options than other Indian buffets I've been to.  They have a wide variety of dishes for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  I like that the chicken tikka masala is always flavorful and spicy, unlike the bland or greasy chicken tikka at other buffets.  They also have dessert on the buffet!  The kheer is tasty.The staff is very attentive; I never need to ask for a water refill or anything.  They also bring you tandoori chicken, naan, and some fried potato/vegetable appetizers if you opt for the buffet.  The decor is nice, a little fancier than I was expecting at first.  It does get rather hot inside, especially on steamy afternoons, so keep that in mind as you are coming to eat some very hot Indian food.  The staff also replenishes the food at the buffet regularly, so they don't run out of dishes and everything is hot and fresh.The buffet comes out to about $14-15 per person on a weekday - a little more expensive than others, but it's worth it for the superior selection.  This is my go-to when I'm craving Indian food in the afternoon and can't decide what dish I want.  It's a great place to try a little bit of everything, with great service to boot.
I live around the corner from Chola and have been here for lunch buffet many times but today I went for dinner for the first time.  Lunch buffet is very good but dinner was even better.  I'm finally finding out the Indian restaurants typically serve much better curries for dinner than for lunch buffet.  The two of us had fish curry (from South Indian menu), Rogan Josh (lamb curry), and chicken vindaloo.  The fish curry was the best, almost as good as the fish head curry from Banana Leaf Apolo in Singapore.  Rogan Josh too was very good.  They also have delicious cocktails - we ended up having 2 glasses each of mango martini and ginger fizz martini.The bill came up to be about $150 for two, a shocker for me who had gone there only for lunch buffet (shame on me).  But I definitely recommend to try fish curry if you go there for dinner.
THE BEST GARLIC NAAN EVER!  Served with a mango chutney, it was simply amazing. I had the chicken malai kabab, and it was the best i've had, the chicken extremely tender, well seasoned, and cooked to perfection. Overall, one of the finest indian restaurants in which we've dined!
I believe in second chances. After they read my review (below), they promptly called me up to resend the parathas again.They were so much better this time. They are still a little too thick for my liking but at least they got the chillies right this time.  I don't think I am a big fan of the coriander seeds that they added to it as well. My favorite though was the Ragara patties that they very kindly decided to send along, it was absolutely delicious.I admire them for taking customer feedback so seriously and fixing their mistakes. First review:I remembered dining here a few years ago and enjoying the food. One lazy winter evening, it sprung up on seamless and I went ahead ordered. I was smacking my tongue and waiting for the Gobi (Cauliflower) parathas and raita. They looked and smelt great (Don't judge a book by its cover- This adage has stood the test of time) but were crazy spicy!! I am a Indian who can handle spice but this was just insane. They should call it Chilli parathas and not Gobi (Cauliflower) parathas. I was panting and gasping by the time I was quarter way through it. I am not a big fan of the doughy sides of parathas but that was the only respite from this Chilli stuffed monster. I definitely know where to take my enemies to dine.
Their chicken tikka masala and their daals are mouthwatering... As a South Asian who lived in the city for several years, I found it difficult to locate authentic grub that was delicious in the city. Chola is as close as you will get. Sadly, it's overpriced, but then again, it's quite normally priced for decent Indian food in NYC.
We went during the lunch time and there was a buffet being served. I really enjoyed the variety and the food was really tasty. Nothing was too spicy either! Plus they gave out naan for the table which I really enjoyed. But the bathroom was kinda eew.
Overpriced!! We ordered chicken appetizer and it just had 3 small pieces of chicken. This isn't even sufficient for 2 people. It didn't taste great as well. Complete rip off.
This one is based on principle. Let me get this out of the way - the service was wonderful. The food, very good.The rice is an extra $5, instead of being part of the meal. It's rice. About 1 1/2 cups.Here's where the "principle" part comes in: The fact that the owner (shivanatarajan.com/resta…) is aware of his customers' displeasure with the $5 charge - based on yelp and what I inferred, after questioning the charge, when I was there - and lets his staff take the brunt this.Go elsewhere if you don't want to pay $5 for what should be part of the meal.
My favorite Indian lunch buffet in the city! (well, i've only been to 4, but still I was quite impressed).  They served a mix of North and South Indian, a combination of buffet trays and food brought to the table, and the service was phenomenal.  Yes, I call it phenomenal because my water glass was refilled at least 20x and I never even had to ask.  (I drink a ton of water at restaurants, and it's very frustrating trying to wave down waiters for refills, but here they were refilling it before I'd even get half empty!) In terms of buffet food, they had the usual suspects and then some (chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, saag paneer, lamb vindaloo, and a bunch of veggie options too).  Chutneys were delish and the food was fresh and replenished often. To the table they brought large chicken drumsticks (tandoori), fried potato slices, fresh hot naan, and dosas.  And they brought back more of anything you asked for as much as you asked for it!  This place is quite a bargain for the amount and quality of food you get here.  If I lived/worked closer I'd probably try to have lunch here every week, if not every day.  I was very impressed and thinking about it just makes me salivate.
I'm terrible... I've been to this place so many times now (at least 5) and I'm just writing the review now- 3 or 4 years after my first time there. I recently took my mom, as she had never had Indian cuisine before and she absolutely loved it. I was afraid of taking her initially because she cannot have spicy food for health reasons but the second to last time I went with a girl I mentor, I realized it wasn't too spicy and she would be able to enjoy it just fine, which she definitely did. Every time I've gone it has been for the lunch buffet- all you can eat for $15, can't possibly be any cheaper and there's a wide selection of food to choose from. The food is all very flavorful and fresh. The service is great and the waiters are constantly circling around to fill your water and make sure you are okay. I had one of my 2 or 3 Indian fixes for the year, so I will definitely be back again later this year.
Not a good experience.We came to enjoy their lunch buffet, which opened at 12.We got there at 12 and started eating at 12:30.I was very disappointed.  The bread they in the buffet was the type that puffs up, and even at 12:30 it looked dehydrated and was barely warm.The chole was relatively flavorless.  My favorite chole has either had a meaty quality (I don't know how that possible but its true) or a sweet taste.  But the most important thing is that you can really taste the flavor and spices.  This chole was very bland and I couldn't really taste any spices significantly.  When we asked for fresh bread (naan) the waiter told us that we couldn't request fresh bread but that when it came out we would get some.  That happened about 15 minutes later. Their eggplant dish was lacking salt and also bland.  Their chicken makhani gravy was ok but the chicken itself was not tender enough. Their pepper chicken was much worse/hard.  Their okra was overly bitter and my wife makes a much tastier okra dish.They had a banana poriyal, which I had never had before.  The dish was not appealing at all, the banana was quite dry and the gravy did not help much.  While I can't compare this specific dish because I haven't had the dish before, if this is what it is supposed to taste like then I don't ever want to have it again.Of the four of us, none of us enjoyed the buffet.  Mind you, three of the four people at the table were born in India.  I was really surprised as this place is highly rated by Yelp, Zagat, etc. I eat Indian food daily and this place ranks below average.Maybe the food would have been better a la carte, but that usually only cures freshness not flavor.The worse part of the meal was the rudeness of our waiter.  We were talking about how we were disappointed with the food and I am assuming he overheard us because when he came to pick up our plates he actually rudely demanded my wife give him the plates on the table.  He didn't say it politely or even look at her, he actually look pissed.  It really sounded like a curt command. He did the same to our friend with her dishes. All I can say about that is wow!  How someone can be so rude is hard to understand.  I can't see myself coming back here again.
Can't wait for my next visit to Chola.  Happened upon the restaurant after a massage around the neighborhood.  After a quick search with my nifty YelpApp, boyfriend and I settled on Chola for dinner (a short walking distance from where we were)...and what a great choice we've made!  Wish we had a bigger group and/or bigger stomachs and order more off the enticing (and huge) menu.  We, however, ended up ordering the following which were scrumptious and sent us home with plenty of leftovers.   RAGARAPotatoes, chickpeas, yogurt, chaat masala, cumin, two chutnies (5 stars)LAMB MALABAR  Coconut curry, potatoes, dry red chilies (4.5 stars)PANEER MAKHNIBell peppers, fenugreek, creamy tomatoes (4.5 stars)NAAN - Garlic & Plain (5 stars)MUST COME BACK FOR MORE!!!
