This innovated hipster food! Oh how it looks good on Pinterest! A few things. The ideas, the dishes, the presentation, the menu itself. It's something you would want to explore and try! Hence why I'm here! Why the 3 stars!? I shouldn't be forking out $60 for 2. As innovative as it goes. It's missing certain flares and with that kind of price. I felt like it didn't match up to it's value. The Ramen chicken burger was a bit on the dull side. It didn't have much of a kick or a wow factor. Except that it's fried with ramen flour. But it was very tender. with a bit of crunch. The matcha spicy green tea soba noodles with shrimp. Hmmm...Where was the noodles? Where was the soup!? Did i order the wrong thing? I was a bit confuzzled with this dish. The shrimp was over cooked. There were more veg then any green tea soba noodles. If anything it was more of a pickled salad that I tasted. As nice as they were. I wish their food was at that same level.
Holy moly does this place have odd and unfortunate hours. I've tried to patronize this place no less than 10 times, only to find it closed every single time with the exception of a single lucky Tuesday. The food is good, when you can actually get it. The weekend hours are perhaps the must confounding. This is definitely not a place you think of for a Friday or Saturday night dinner, but it's only open during dinner, and only for 4 hours.
Had a surprisingly delicious lunch here yesterday. Walked in around 1pm and there was only one other person there.There was a lunch menu of around 5 items for $9.99. We got the Chrysanthemum Caesar (plus chicken) and Singapore Noodles (plus roasted pork). They were both really tasty and unique, especially the salad.The guy working there was nice and the restaurant is modern and clean. They deliver on Caviar.
If OJ Simpson has taught us anything, it's that life is full of second chances. A year ago, this space was occupied by 2 Duck Goose, which tried to bring fancy Chinese food to Gowanus. Admittedly, I wasn't a fan and I guess the concept didn't work out because they temporarily closed down to revamp their business.What resulted was Hey Hey Canteen, which is more of a fast-casual type of Asian fusion, with counter service, more affordable prices, and tons of options for people with dietary restrictions (whether vegetarian, gluten-free, or in my case, the fried chicken only diet).They did a great job re-working the space. It's light and feels like spring (with shades of green accenting white walls and wooden tables). They have a big chalkboard with their menu at the back where you order, but they also have laminated versions on the tables. Don't forget about drinks, because they have a separate cocktail/beer list!Anyway, I was coming from the gym so was particularly ravenous. My friend and I ordered the spicy matcha soba noodles, the Hong Kong Fried Chicken sandwich, and a side of the eggplant fries and the lemongrass chicken wings (because why wouldn't you get a side of chicken to go with your chicken?).The noodles came out first. They were served cold and was super crisp, perfect for summer. Loaded with tons of veggies and a tart lime dressing.The eggplant fries were next. I didn't know you could deep fry eggplant, but HHC managed to do it. The aioli was a great complement, and it was definitely worth trying.The lemongrass chicken wings were okay. Ours were overly done, but loved the tamarind chili sauce.Last, but certainly not least, was the HK Fried Chicken sandwich. This alone was worth the price of admission, and sets HHC apart from everybody else. The chicken was breaded in ramen(!!!) for extra crisp, and served on a Cantonese bun (if you know what a man tao is, it's one of those basically). Topped with pickled veggies, mango and what was just listed as an "umami aioli". Holy crap, it was wonderful.We had a few of their cocktails, which were also noteworthy for their uniqueness. Asian fusion cocktails, basically. We tried the Galangal Refresher (vodka, hibiscus chai, and pineapple) and the Mezmeric (mezcal, tumeric/ginger/cayenne tea, egg white and spicy mango). Both were refreshing summer cocktails (and very reasonably priced at $10 apiece). They also have beers (including one of my all-time favorites Hitachino), wine, non-alcoholic beverages, and coffee. So they've got all their bases covered!So yeah. Seems like this place has found its groove, and it fits much better with the Gowanus/Park Slope (don't say Parkwanus... just don't) crowd. The lower price point, casual atmosphere and the chicken sandwich will keep me coming back for sure!P.S. They're also giving Royal Palms a run for their money with best bathroom wallpaper.P.P.S. They really need a "Push" sign on their door. We watched waaay too many people try to pull.Edit: Liked it so much I brought my family back. Get the roast pork lo mein and the sesame noodles. Those are actually my new favorite dishes (along with the fried chicken sandwich, of course).
I've eaten at Hey Hey Canteen twice for dinner and ordered delivery through seamless once.  Every experience with them has been great so far! I live close by to the restaurant and would always pass it on my way to the South Slope Farmer's Market and finally went in to check it out. I had no idea it was "asian-fusion" until I saw the menu, but the menu was exciting and modern and vegetarian-friendly, which made me happy :)They have new specials every time I eat there but my favorites are the green fried rice and eggplant fries. The matcha soba noodles (cold) are also really good and spicy! My boyfriend tried the chicken sandwich and said it was amazing and he constantly asks if we can go back to eat there again, even though we literally just ate there last week, LOL.  Oh and their beverages are also great!If you're in the neighborhood, definitely check it out. If you're not in the neighborhood, it's still worth making the trek over to check it out. It's a couple of blocks away from the Whole Foods in Gowanus and close to the F/G/R trains.
I ordered Hey Hey Canteen for catering for my birthday party and had a horrible experience. They were heavily pushing me while I was attempting to order, sending me invoices when I was not even finished with my order and pressuring me to pay quickly. They were on time for delivery, but they completely forgot the other half of our order, even though I was speaking with them two hours before my party, confirming with them. I quickly called them and had a back and forth conversation with them for 40 minutes during my party. I asked them if I could order from a nearby restaurant and they could just cover the charge since it would take them a long time to come back. They refused, and would only have my order in 40 minutes. By this time, it was pointless and I did not have enough food for the party. They promised to refund mefor the missing order -- five days passed and I received no refund. Only after I filed a dispute with my credit card company did I get my money back with no apology. They did not even seem to care that I would write a bad review. Horrible customer service relations and will not be returning here.
Hey Hey Canteen hosted my wedding rehearsal dinner last month. My guests raved about the amazing food, comfortable ambiance and excellent service. The appetizers were fun and unique (eggplant fries and veggie dumplings), the mains wowed (the duck is incredible and the steak was a favorite) and the desserts were a perfect sweet treat. While the staff kept the wine glasses full, many of my guests were so enamored by the  non-alcoholic teas and "summer drinks" that they went for the virgin options. The owner went above and beyond working with me to provide options for a guest with allergies, accommodating kids and even picking up some birthday pies we had ordered from a bakery in the neighborhood when I ran out of time. I can't say enough good things about this place and having our rehearsal there really set the tone for an unforgettable wedding weekend!
In my prior review, I was judging the noodle soup by the standards of a bowl of Cantonese noodles. But it is closer to Japanese ramen. That's not a flaw, and as a bowl of ramen, it is pretty good. Personally I prefer the Cantonese variety, but that's a matter of taste.
I love a restaurant with tasty, yet healthy options! I ordered the cold sesame peanut noodles but substituted the zucchini noodles -- yummy! I also tasted the Singapore Noodles & they were great too. I think this will now my go-to place before or after shows at the Bell House.
The place is so cute, love the colors. And the food is amaazzzzing!! Gotta try the Hong Kong chicken sandwich!! It's to die for!!!
I have eaten a lot of Asian food growing up in NYC. Hey,Hey Canteen has brought a new perspective and palette.  It is delicious. Definitely worth a try! Happy and satiated !
I have been to Hey Hey many times since it's delicious, affordable, and good for toddlers (I have one). All of the noodle dishes are great, and I'm also a huge fan of their eggplant fries and dumplings. Awesomely, they also do catering. We had them last year to cater my son's 1-year birthday party, and it was so great, we had them back again this year. During the last year, they've created a tailored catering menu, and Kay will work with you on the best options for your crowd. Both times at the parties, we got tons of compliments on the food. Love them and hope they stick around forever.
Where is King Solomon when you need him? Because this spot falls somewhere between 3 and 4 stars for me, and I can't seem to decide whether to round up or down.  Are you listening, Yelp?  A .5 star button sure would be helpful at moments like this.  Anyway, first the good:Eggplant Fries: Really enjoyed these crispy breaded fried eggplant sticks, accompanied by a distinctive, umami-fied aioli.  Just wish that for $6.99, a few more fries had been included with the order.Red Rice Salad: LOVED the zesty lime dressing served with this!  If Hey Hey ever decides to bottle it, I'll be first in line.  Was also happy to finally satisfy my curiosity over shiitake bacon, apparently a vegan thing.  (For the record, it tastes like chewy, vaguely smoky mushrooms; bacon, it ain't).  This was my favorite dish of the night because it was delicious and also made me feel like I was eating something fresh and nourishing.  Affordable Wines by the Glass, averaging around $7.  Need I say more?Now for the Not-So-Good:Ramen-Coated Fried Chicken Sandwich:  Kid got this and made me beg for a bite.  Have to agree with some of my fellow Yelpers; it tasted like it was missing something in terms of flavor.  A drizzle of Sriracha would have gone a long way.  Pork Lo-Mein:  The whole vibe of this spot shouts clean, green and fresh.  So I really thought they'd bring it by elevating this typical greasebomb of a dish.  It was just as greasy as any random Chinese takeout, but for twice the price, and the pork was tough and chewy.  Kaya (aka Coconut Jam) Whoopie Pies: Love the idea of riffing on this classic American treat with an Asian twist.  Alas, execution fell short.  The chocolate cake component was served too cold, perhaps to prevent the coconut jam filling from melting.  It did anyway, dissolving into the cake.  Also really wish there had been an option to try just one Whoopie Pie; we were told there had to be two to an order.  Ultimately, I'd like to see this place deliver a bit better on the promise of their drool-worthy Instagram pics.  So I am going with 3 stars.
Grabbed takeout tonight - roast pork lo mein and their famous Hong Kong chicken sandwich to try it out. The food is VERY solid and tasty. The noodles are a-plenty, flavorful and loaded with good greens and luscious pork, and this sandwich is unreal. Crispy as hell and addictive! The sauce is divine.Highly recommended to eat in and not take out, as this sandwich does not travel well (the tender steamed bun really falls apart as soon as you leave the joint). Takeout cons - I was timed 10 minutes but it took an entire 30. That was A LOT for a completely empty restaurant during off-peak hours, and for a small, simple takeout order. Everyone who came after me got fed before I got my to-go. They were very busy filling called-in and Caviar orders, so perhaps that's the way to go.
Had a most wonderful brunch experience in Hey Hey Canteen! I came to Hey Hey Canteen two weeks ago with three of my girl friends. We really enjoyed the whole brunch menu there, especially the green fried rice, potato hash, and roast duck Benedict We emptied every dish It's also a family friendly spot which might suit for families in Park Slope.
The food was middling and the price was just okay. I went around 8:30 on a Saturday night and there were plenty of seats available and no line at the counter. I ordered the Hong Kong fried chicken sandwich. The sandwich is a bit smaller than your typical fried chicken sandwich. It has novelty value because it's ramen noodle-crusted, topped with green mango and radish pickles, and on a bao (man tou) bun. But despite its uniqueness, it was bland. The sandwich lacked flavor. It had "umami aioli" on its underside but it needs either more of it or something additional to provide more flavor. The chicken had a great crunch to it and the softness of the bun was nice but they didn't alleviate the lack of flavor. And for $11, it didn't fill my stomach. The ambience was nice and the staff were friendly, but what matters most to me is my meal and how much I'm paying for it. And that aspect was mediocre.
This charming cafe is back and better than ever in Gowanus. What I most loved about it was the passion and friendliness of the owner and the staff. They were lovely, and their love for the food came across in their description. The space is small and casual, but clean and charming. The cocktail menu is interesting with a few house specialties that you won't find elsewhere. I chose the Chai mocha cocktail with rye whiskey (if memory serves me correctly). It was small but very tasty if you like chai. I chose the very healthy red rice salad which was lite and featured a variety of flavors, and the Korean fried chicken sandwich. The chicken is fried, but not greasy or in heavy batter. It sits atop an Asian noodle inspired bun. It is not only a delight for the taste buds but for the eyes. If you're looking for a reasonable meal that is healthy, tasty and served with love, this is the place to be.
Ordered chicken over Singapore noodles, pork salad, lemongrass wings, and pork dumplings. Dumplings were decent. The rest was not good. Singapore noodles were tasteless until I poured copious soy sauce and sriracha sauce on it. The chicken was cold and laid on top of the noodles. Pork salad tasted ok but the pork bits were mostly fat. The sweet potato chips went well with the salad, adding a crunchy texture. Dumplings were served in a dark savory sauce. Decent. Wings were served with a very vinegary tasting sour sauce. It killed any hint of lemongrass flavor. Hibiscus tea was good. It was the perfect balance of  flowery sweetness. Tumeric tea was just bad.
The food was great and plenty! It was fresh and flavorful! I had the Singapore noodles and veggie dumplings and I loved them both! Will definitely go back to try more stuff! The fact that they also deliver to our office address is yet another selling point! The desserts looked pretty tempting too, but we had to run back to the office and didn't get to try them today! Another reason to go back! :)
Yay - it's back and it's better than ever.  I appreciate the everyday price points and emphasis on veggie / healthy options.Owners are still the same, but sort of a new look - fun, casual & modern! It's a great fit for the Park Slope / Gowanus border.  I was really delighted to get back in here again.We tried the Fried Chicken Sandwich - this was so delicious - it's super crunchy chicken with a dry ramen noodle crust, topped with pickled veg and mango on a soft large bao bun. Next, we had cold sesame peanut noodles, which was a generous portion and swirled with green beans, carrots and zucchini noodles. We got a side of fresh shrimp - only 4 of them but the size and quality were great and not too expensive at $4.99. Then we had the fresh sautéed market greens and the eggplant fries which were crisp and spicy!The laid-back, family friendly, neighborhood vibe wins major points and the food is fresh, tasty and exciting. This place is going to be on my families regular rotation.
Came here for the first time, tried veggie dumplings which were very good and the pork buns which were INCREDIBLE!!! Lots of good looking dishes on the menu, can't wait to come here again and try other things! But also can't wait to eat those pork buns again!!! I love pork buns and these were not just some of the best I've ever had but probably one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten! My compliments to the chef. Cute casual atmosphere and friendly staff too. Only wish I lived closer, but I'll be back next time I'm in Gowanus for sure!
I'm sad to see some bad reviews for this place because I've always liked it. The Spicy Matcha Noodles are my jam and always good. Also love their salads. Since I live in the neighborhood, I've eaten there, picked up and done delivery and the quality of the food has been pretty consistent. I will say the drinks are not really worth the price, but that's about the only thing I have to complain about.
Don't order. Unless you want to spend an hour cleaning up a mess. While the delivery guy was handing me the food the food dropped out of the bag. Food fell all over stairs and onto my shoe. The bag was soaked with sauce. Never refunded my order, never got the food I ordered. Horrible service.
We had the coconut chicken curry and cold spicy machata noodles. The food was really dry and plain. The service was meh, our serve messed up the order. Maybe it's the wrong time of the day, but when we walked in, it felt uncomfortably quiet. Don't think I'd visit in a while.
Hey Hey Canteen is just beyond Seamless delivery range so my partner and I made an evening stroll over to eat in. When the food arrived I immediately remembered why this place caught my attention after it first opened. They have a cleverly re-designed menu with some newer tasty dishes and cocktail options. We ordered the Eggplant Fries and Vegetarian Potstickers which are full-on munchie delights. Both the entrees we got (Singapore Noodles and Imperial Sweet & Sour Pork) combine familiar flavors, but with fresher ingredients and proper spicing to make them worth the extra few bucks over standard take-out fare (big portions too). Our Yuzu Smash and Zangria cocktails played with less common flavor combos that hit the spot (refreshing, not too sweet). Overall, Hey Hey is a go-to place when you want to treat yourself without breaking the bank.
We enjoyed some really beautiful dishes tonight. I think this is the perfect place to order a few dishes and share. The Pork Lo Mein was really good also the vegetable dumplings had a flavorful spice which really amped up the dish. Cant Forget the popcorn chicken as well.
Pleasant, neutralish place with a small but tasty menu and squid-and-whale wallpaper in the bathroom that I wanted to peel off and bring home with me.
I don't know if the staff were off that day or what, but this food was flavorless and we left the majority of it behind. The setting was fine but without great food...we will not be returning.- Cold peanut noodles: Required more sauce and salt, but was our "favorite" amongst the orders. - Wonton Noodle Soup: This really did have no flavor whatsoever. The dumplings were bland as well and the meat mixture was too chewy for me. - Eggplant fries: There were about 6-7 fries for $7. Not worth it, especially when considering we had to add soy sauce to the dipping sauce to give it any appeal. - Popcorn chicken: This was probably the biggest disappointment. It was some sort of meatball-esque meat-ish substance that was incredibly dry and had corn in it. We were completely underwhelmed.
So good! We got the peanut noodles and the chrysanthemum greens salad. Both were super fresh and flavorful.  Perfect summer meal. Asked for hot sauce and they gave us a really zingy chili oil that was on point. And then dessert... the kava whoopie pie blew my mind. Luscious coconut cream and rich chocolate chewy soft fudgy cookies. Can't wait to go back for more
I ordered vegan Singapore noodles to go. I came home after a cold commute eager to eat them: they were filled with pork. A nightmare. I tossed it out, and will never return.
This newly opened hipster Asian fusion restaurant in Gowanus leaves a bit to be desired.  Ordered takeout so I can't comment about the service. The cashier was friendly enough. I ordered the spicy spare ribs for an appetizer.  They were very tasty but $7 for 2 regular sized ribs plus a small one?  Really?I ordered The roast pork Lo Mein which was congealed and had very little flavor. I don't think I should have to add soy sauce to flavor a $14 dish. Also the portion was less than worth the cost. The GF sesame noodles were tasty and a nice sized portion however the addition of literally 3 pieces of boiled chicken brought the cost up to close to $20. Final thoughts.....food was hit or miss and a bit pricey. Don't think I'll be returning.
oof, dangerous - as in it could quickly become my go-to spot in the hoodi guess to put it in a "box" - it's a noodle shopin a neighborhood with pretty average/mediocre asian food of low quality ingredients - this is the oppositebut unlike the asian noodle shops that are meant for the cheapest meals - these are not cheap dishes, exactly (roughly $10 a bowl of noodles ... add protein and you're talking about $16/17)yeah - this ain't your corner-chinese-shop cold-sesame-noodles that generally tend to be the cheapest item on the menu...but it's definitely the BEST cold sesame noodles i've ever had!!!you order at the counter, you get a number, and they bring it to youeverything seems to have gluten-free substition optionsand the beef is grass-fed and most of the proteins are hormone-free, etcjust wish they had more hot sauce/condiment options like a typical noodle shop[Been informed that Sriracha has been added on top of the existing Chili Sauce]will definitely head back and give them more bizand try the hong kong fried chicken sandwich on bao bun (looked delicious)lastly, place has a very clean / open / airy design - feels nice for daytime/summer
This is a warning for anyone with a sesame allergy! The lo mein dish,  although I'm sure other dishes are, garnished with black sesame seeds and IT IS NOT STATED ON THE MENU. My boyfriend is allergic to sesame seeds so when the dish came out, we brought it to the counter and asked for a replacement. While waiting, a waiter came over to us, asked if we had any other allergies and told us he would make a replacement, but next time to tell them about any allergies up front. Basically blaming us for not saying he had an allergy to something he didn't realize would be on the dish. They brought out the replacement, but after finishing the dish my boyfriend's mouth was itching. This makes us both think they just wiped the seeds off. To pay $50 for 2 noodle dishes and 5 wings was a bit much, but if the service was worth it, we both would have been happy. Instead we left feeling like we were blamed for not forewarning the staff and were not even thanked on our way out. Sorry we won't be coming back.
I came here for my sister's birthday with my family. The food was alright. We had the lemongrass wings and dumplings for the appetizer. There were 7 of us, 5 of our dishes came out in a timely manner however 2 people had to wait an additional 20 minutes for their main courses which was the soup. When the waiter brought out the food he did not apologize for the wait. Some dishes on the menu were not available such as the curry chicken and the dessert which made the menu even more limited. The menu online is not up to date. I also felt like it was a little pricey for what we got but I guess that should be expected when you go to this area.
Best seafood laksa in NYC. Chicken bao burger and chocolate kaya whoopie pie are delicious too. Had the hibiscus chia drink which was perfect for a summer day. I thought Gowanus was far but this place is just a block from the main Park Slope drag... Been back a few times and I am addicted to the popcorn chicken.
Delicious Cold noodles, both matcha soba and sesame ramen are fantastic.I definetly reccomend it.
Excellent food! Shared the eggplant fries, cold peanut noodles, cold spicy matcha soba, and was given a complimentary black sesame panna cotta. This has definitely moved into first place for our go-to neighborhood spot for a casual meal. Unfortunately it has to battle against a not-great location (low foot traffic, high auto traffic, and boring neighbors), but I think the food is good enough to win out. At least I hope. UPDATE: Hey Hey accidentally messed up my take out order the last time I was there (minor omission of an ingredient); and by the time I got home, dug in, and realized they messed up, I had an email informing me they gave me a full refund. Excellent customer service! They totally didn't have to offer the refund and did it anyhow. Definitely a 5-star local haunt.
This place is a gem in the neighborhood! Cute, casual, reasonably priced, delicious, fresh food. I've eaten here 3 times now and every meal has been delicious. The fried rice with egg on top for brunch is out of this world - perfectly cooked and seasoned fluffy rice. The veggie dumplings are also excellent. I have had the vegetarian Singapore noodles a few times and they are my fave. Spicy, fresh noodles with bits of veggie and egg. I could eat this every night of the week. I am excited to go back and try the cold sesame noodles next. Oh, and the hibiscus iced tea is the best! Highly recommend!
The food here is stellar.  Every time I am in Brooklyn I go and it never disappoints! The dumpling are by far the best item on the menu! The seasoning on each dish is just the right amount. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Everyone should go here!
I love this place! The food is great quality and the atmosphere is perfect. I got gluten free noodles in my seafood laksa and the whole dish was singing with beautiful flavors. The shrimp were delicious and huge! And I loved the the hibiscus drink I had with lunch. I dug the music and will definitely be coming back to this place. It's the perfect spot.
It is very refreshing to walk into a restaurant that is well thought through at every level. Kay and her team have created a very inviting space with an even more inviting menu! I had the Hong Kong fried chicken sandwich, which was delicious and gave me a a combination of flavored and textures that I don't usually get. That sandwich took me on a journey, which I love!My colleagues all got noodle bowls which looked delicious and we split eggplant fries.Kay also spent the time to chat with my us and listened to some of my feedback on the food, which I greatly appreciate.I will be back!!
I was really disappointed Two Duck Goose closed down... until the owners came back with Hey Hey Canteen. The new concept is closer to fast-casual. It's not a special occasion restaurant but more of an everyday go-to, with lower prices (comparable to Michael & Ping's or Sai Thai nearby) and lighter, healthier (yet still very satisfying and tasty) options. I went for dinner two days ago and am already contemplating a return for lunch sometime this week. So excited to have this in the neighborhood.I had the Spicy Matcha Soba, which was really refreshing. I feel like I could eat this every day. My husband had the fried chicken sandwich, which was perfectly crispy but not very heavy or greasy. The mango pickles and bao bun make it unique. And we split the pork buns, a more modern twist on a dim sum classic. We left feeling full but not overly stuffed. And unlike with a lot of "lighter" restaurants, we didn't feel hungry again 30 minutes later.tl;dr: Hey Hey Canteen is an excellent option for when you want something interesting and tasty, but also quick, cheap, and relatively healthy.
Strongly recommend. This is the second time I have been here and the food has been delicious and fresh both times. Dishes are really smart. They also have lots of vegan and gluten free dishes. I just finished moving and was really excited to see this place was nearby!
I was so excited to see the cold spicy matcha noodles, as I am a matcha lover at heart. However, the excitement quickly ended after I took one big bit into the soba noodles.( Let me mention that I ordered to-go)  The noodles were far from spicy; I'm not even a person who eats spicy food on the regular. The noodles on it's own were completely bland. It had only a slight matcha flavor (that was barely noticeable btw) They gave me too sauce containers, so I poured them on immediately after. The sauce is rather salty, but made up for the bland tasting the noodles. The dish includes a variety of veggies shredded into noodles shapes, of which I found okay. But to be honest, $10 for this? I don't understand why something like this is so pricey. The lack of flavor and the smell of the noodles(not pleasant btw...) definitely does not seem 10 dollars worthy. I would have thought the matcha noodles would have been the thing to order, since it's pretty exclusive and different. But it's not worth it. :/ meh.
One of my favorite restaurants in Brooklyn. Fresh, delicious, thoughtful, great service. Love the spicy dumplings!
Wow, I love this place! My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and love to order from here. We frequented the original Two Duck Goose and we were nervous about the reopening, but we didn't need to be. SO DELICIOUS! Order anything from the menu and it will taste fresh, healthy and so good.
Everything here is super tasty! We're huge fans of the fried chicken sandwich, the dumplings, and the Singapore noodles. We were ordering nonstop delivery, but they've stopped delivering to Carroll Gardens. It's a huge bummer, but we'll still go in person when we're nearby.
Tasty and delicious Chinese / HongKong yummy street food . Prices could be a bit lower .
The only reason I'm giving Hey Hey a three is because of the staff.  The staff were so sweet and attentive.  Never felt neglected or was given attitude, they actually get 5 stars.As for the food....such a disappointment.  We have been reading about this place and checking out the reviews...all pointed to go check this place out.  We went Wednesday for dinner, the place wasn't crowded, just a couple of other people there for dinner.  The decor is super cute, love the pic of the fat buddha baby.  So we go up to the counter place our order of spicy ribs, chicken sandwich and the wonton soup.  First to arrive was the ribs, they looked sad and tasted sad as well.  My bf slapped on as much of the green sauce as possible to make them taste better.  Soon after his chicken sandwich came, he took a big bite and was like it's missing something, it's lacking something.  I tasted it and agreed, some mayo and some extra spices or something.   Finally the wonton soup...the presentation was cute but needed a lot of flavor.  I keep adding soy sauce thinking my salt levels might be off, but when I looked around the room, another gentleman was doing the same with each bite, so it wasn't me.  The broth needs more bone marrow flavor, the wonton meat needs help, and the pork pieces tasted off.All and all...we tried and wish them luck.
Wow! Great casual Asian food in the middle of Gowanus! Who knew? Great Laksa! I was very dubious of the zucchini noodles, but it turns out they're really good.
Came in to Hey Hey for brunch the other day. The decor was bright and cheery, service was quick and the food was amazing! We came as a large group and ordered the pork lo mein, chrysanthemum cesar, sesame peanut noodles, lemongrass wings, eggplant fries, seafood laksa, matcha soba, sesame panna cotta, toasted matcha ice cream and the whoopie pies to share. The portions were big, all items reasonably priced and they were all excellent, taste-wise.  My personal faves include the pork lo mein--the pork was juicy and the noodles were cooked just right, and the chrysanthemum greens--the salad was chock full of flavor and so creamy that I cannot believe that it is actually vegan. So good. The sesame panna cotta was my favorite dessert of the day. Creamy and not too sweet, a perfect end to a fantastic meal. I will be back!
Def give the ramen chicken sandwich (chicken breaded in ramen - very cool and tasty idea) and cold peanut noodles a try!
Great job! We love Hey Hey's food for its flavor, healthiness, and quality in general. We will be back even though we live in uptown Manhattan.
While Hey Hey Canteen started strong, the food quality has been inconsistent of late, which is rather disappointing given the quality of the fare early on. I hope that this is simply a blip on the radar and that the food will return to a more consistent standard on both take out and dine-in experiences, but - until then - I have to downgrade the review to 2.5 stars.
I love Hey Hey! A fresh, delicious take on Asian food. Decor is casual and feels like spring, service is swift and friendly, and the food is delicious. My favorites are the pork Lo mein, chrysanthemums Caesar and lemongrass wings. I like how Hey Hey puts a twist on traditional items, and offer great options (zucchini noodles). Will be back for sure!
I placed an order for delivery, it arrived much sooner than the 40 min wait time I was quoted online! My friend and I shared the Ribs and the Rice Noodles with Peanut Sauce. They were both delicious and very filling. I see a lot of people complaining about the portions but I feel like we got a lot for the $22 we spent. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
Came with a friend and got the sesame peanut noodle dish, substituting zucchini noodles for the regular noodles - it was divine.  I was a bit worried that the sesame peanut sauce would be thick and overly sweet and gloopy, like it is in a lot of places - but it was light, thin and really flavorful.  We also split an order of the pork buns (spicy), which were little clouds of heaven.  And the pork wasn't fatty at all, unlike a lot of pork buns where you just get a chunk of gross pork fat with a tiny thread of actual pork in it.  The decor was a lot of clean lines and the place feels great.  Looking forward to trying the hong kong chicken sandwich.  So happy to have this place in the neighborhood!
I thought it was great.  My spicy cold soba noodles were spot on.  fast, clean, nice, and fairly priced.  Will be back and def get some delivery in the future.
I had high hopes for this place but left disappointed. I'll start with what I did like. I loved the decor, especially the bright pops of green and the black ropes, which were hung in such a way as to create geometric patterns on the white walls. I also really enjoyed the cocktails, especially the galangal-infused vodka with hibiscus. As for the food, it lacked depth. I ordered the lo mein and my fiance ordered the pork noodle soup. Both needed some spice, so I asked for hot sauce. All they had was "hot oil" which wasn't hot at all. It was like dumping orange-tinted canola oil on our food. The noodles were overly sticky and a bland. They tasted like something out of a box. I really wanted to love this place because I know it's received great reviews over the past few weeks, but it fell flat for me. If I do go back, I'm bringing my own container of Sriracha.
great place if you want to be seen with your hipster friends, not so good for food
Hong Kong sandwiches were bomb! Also definitely recommend the sesame peanut noodles with Hanger steak. And don't forget the eggplant fries!
Came during lunch and ordered a wonton noodle soup, it had 1 choy (veggie) with 2 wontons but cost $14.14! Portions are small, expensive and food is bland! Save your money and go else where! I give this place 6 months before it closes....
We came here for lunch and service was super fast, staff friendly and helpful. The eggplant fries were hot from the kitchen, crunchy and the Mayo based dipping sauce was delicious. The ribs were a big serving and had a great char on them. The star menu item The Hong Kong chicken sandwich was amazing. My fiance and I were able to slip these three things and leave feeling full! The iced coffee is wonderful. The owner came in during our meal with her family ana they sat down to eat and she asked about our experience and seemed really nice too! I will def be back!
The Hong Kong Fried Chicken is great with the pickled vegetables which is really the highlight. The bun gets in the way. The zucchini noodles are a really healthy alternative and I recommend them. However my big concern with this restaurant is the price point. How is it possible that a container of zucchini noodles with peanut sauce would be $12.49 for the lunch special . I understand it is labor intensive to do the zucchini but $12.49 for a bowl of raw zucchini and peanut sauce? Maybe the lunch specials should be adjusted accordingly but I spent $25 for lunch thinking I would have leftovers and to be honest I don't have much left. The Hong Kong Chicken comes with no sides either.
Solid. I was excited to check this place out because I loved the former establishment the owners had. I kinda wish it wasn't counter service, but the food was really good, especially the chicken sandwich. I also love that the entrees are available with zucchini noodles if you're in the mood to be more health conscious that I was when we visited. We need to go back, because I wonder if some of our nits on the experience have been worked out by now. An example, or cocktails came after our food. I bet they have it down now!
A great addition to the neighborhood. Super cool ambiance (check out the bathrooms!), diverse and thoughtful menu and nice staff. The kaya - homemade! - in the whoopie pie rivals the real stuff from Southeast Asia which is a rare treat in New York. The eggplant fries were also tasty and well-done. We'll be back soon.
DELICIOUS food in a fresh,  welcoming atmosphere!  Every detail is attended to...it's the clear the owner put a great deal of care and thought into this place.  Plus,  the menu has tons of variety to suit any palate and mood! A great dining value!
Really delicious.  One of the best Chinese/Chinese-inspired meals I've had outside Hong Kong (where I'm from). My favorite items are the Caesar Salad, Chicken Burger, Seafood Laksa, and Pork Lo Mein. Love that I can be totally healthy or splurge on fried chicken ;)
