We loved our meal at Old Monk! Although there were only two of us, we went for the "You're in Good Hands" chef's menu. We were so glad we did. The selection of five appetizers offered a range of flavors that made us hungry for more (if you are going to order just one, try the wild rice jhaal moori or the tikki trio). The entrees were scrumptious. Our favorites were the desi butter chicken (you may have had similar dishes but none better) and the Punjabi power greens. The latter was no ordinary saag but a combination of greens with spices and we couldn't get enough. I also enjoyed the daikon raita as the radish lends a new flavor to a familiar condiment. Finally, we really liked the okra fries. The other reviewers are right: these will not come to your table hot (or, if they do, stay hot for long). The reason is that they use an Indian okra variety that is quite small and the resulting fries are about the same size as French's Fried Onions (of green bean casserole fame). This may sound like a criticism but is not as we loved the flavor and crunch. If you want standard Indian fare, this place is probably not for you. If you want inventive and delicious takes on the classics, go to Old Monk.
I love this place.... the food is delicious and they make sure they use organic products in all of their meals. The food is rich in flavor and the staff is very attentive. I will continue to go there as long as they're open. Simply delicious and a must try!
This is a review to counter the negative reviews seen here. The food is outstanding. The service was on point; friendly, outgoing, accommodating, and helpful with navigating the menu. A friend and I got the Goat Cheese Naan, Chef's Thali, and the Butter Chicken dish. The price between the two of us was $68. For that price, we left full, satisfied, and subtle flavors that you can distinctly detect and remember. It's worth more than a second visit.You will be able to at least admit it's a beautifully decorated, very high quality restaurant (food, price, and service) that, if they can keep it up, will survive in a city where there are so many other options.
Dinner here was ok, but not great. Maybe they are still finding their groove. We did the Chefs menu and some things were tasty, while others were not good. Tandoori/Curry Salmon was bad, crispy rice was very tasty though. No liquor license is also not ideal.
An incredible dining experience! Even though this quaint restaurant has just opened the kitchen truly has its act together. The food is spectacular and without a doubt it produces the best Indian food I have had in many years if not ever. I'm not overestimating or exaggerating. From the naans, the crunchy rice, the myriad kinds of chicken, the beef and lamb chops they  are all unbeatable. You won't be disappointed! The spices are so unique and fresh. Don't hesitate to go down to the Lower Eastside. Its worth the trip--bon appetite and enjoy.
Food is okay, but policies are NOT SO NICE.My girlfriend and I came in on a Friday night and would like to try out this new restaurant. We were not hungry so we ordered an appetizer and a chef's choice. The manager/waiter asked if we have food allergies and we said no. After a while we got two orders of the chef's choice, and we told the waiter that we only ordered one and would share it. The waiter came back and said this dish is not for share because of the restaurant's POLICY and he had asked us if we have food allergies (which meant "he would place two orders for us"). We said nope and would have only one dish, and of course we don't appreciate the no-sharing-food policy, which is totally absurd. Eventually they took out one order. They are generally nice staff. The food is okay but a bit to pricey in terms of its quality.I don't think I would come back again.
very good food and very friendly/accommodating staff. someone in our group of 6 wasnt allergic, but was trying to avoid dairy so they provided her a separate dairy-free version of the familly-style tasting menu. everything was great.
We started with the okra fries, and my brother broke his tooth on a rock that found its way into the fries. We did not stay for dinner.
AMAZING!!! A group of six of us dined for dinner and had the tasting menu. One of the girls in our group is lactose-intolerant and boy, did the staff really go above and beyond in accommodating the tasting menu for her and making our group happy! Everything was delicious, especially the goat cheese naan, butter chicken, prawn balchao, salmon curry, lamb korma, okra fries, and gulab jamun! They don't serve alcohol but there's an awesome selection of juices (lychee, mango, guava)!
Everything we had was delicious especially the goat cheese naan, chaat, chicken achari, and okra fries. It got pretty hot in the restaurant though by the end of the night
We got the you're in good hands so we could try a little of everything. Every dish had great taste. Excellent presentation. Had a really good time. Definitely recommend!
Great food, good service. Definitely the best Indian food in the village. Butter chicken is delicious. If you're near the area it's definitely a place worth visiting.
This place opened up just recently and I'm so glad that it's so close to me. One of the best Indian places I've gone to around the area. Service is great, super friendly and welcoming. I got the Tikki Trio and the Butter Chicken with Butter Naan and they were all so delicious! Honestly butter chicken was so lit. I'll definitely be going back here on the reg. Great east village spot.
