Went here on a snowy day where a bowl of warm soup would make it all betterIf you are  looking for a traditional ramen house, you have came to the wrong place, but strangely enough, it still fancies by taste buds...What I had:1) Tan tan ramen ($12)-Usually my go to when I try a new place and want something spicy-Spicy was it? NO, but tasty YES (the waitress will warn you about the spice, but to me it was not a bit spicy at all) -Thin broth, but don't let that fool the big taste! The consistency was like chicken noodle soup, not thick and heavy like traditional ramen. -Interesting that they put kale in the soup. It oddly taste delicious with the broth and makes me feel a little more healthy-Grounded pork was good2) Tonrotsu chashu pork ramen ($12)-Chashu is salty but I love how it is soft and tender and still taste the char-Broth reminds me of Chinese herbal when you go to hotpot places..light but you can taste the pork flavor Noodles: Noodles are different, more like a skinner udon. I would prefer the traditional ramen noodles, however, it did go well with the thin broth.Chili sauce -most places usually charge for this, but they have it right on the table!! I put like half the container to make my ramen spicier!Tid bits:I love that you can actually take your ramen home...most ramen places are strict about taking their "specialty" home.Setting:-Plenty of tables and a bar that you can sit at, clean and they play up to date music -Love the wooden everything!Overall: a great place to get noodle soup here and I would definitely come back.
Pengs is the sh*t. I'm not a ramen snob by any means but I really like this place. The chicken katsu ramen is  and the add on veggies and options are great. Consistently solid
I had been going to another ramen place for a while but I'm so glad I stumbled upon this place. It's delicious!! I loved the Tonkotsu Chashu ramen, so tasty. The wings were really good and so were the pork dumplings. Very impressed
This was a really interesting place! The food was authentic and was very quickly served! The fried pork dumplings were delicious to start! My noodles (the chicken noodles)  were good, not what I was expecting! They were more on the sweet and tangy side than savory and spicy. My fiancé got the soy sauce beef noodle soup and was in love! If you're an experienced noodle eater you'll definitely want to try this place!
Small, casual restaurant, it was pretty packed on the day when we ate there. We had fried pork dumplings, which was amazing. We also had  the butterfly shrimp which was good. The main course I ordered I did not like at all, it was so dry, i could not even eat it. It was the Yu xiang chicken banmen, I still do not understand why the waitress highly recommended this dish. Do not order it! The other dish which is really tasty, is the bejong style dalumon, it was with marble pork which tasted pretty good. If you are in the mood for authentic chinese noodle dishes, visit the restaurant!
Awesome place to go if u have a craving for authentic ramen soup, dried noodle dishes, or delicious appetizers. This is a smaller restaurant with nice ambience. The staff is welcoming and friendly unlike the rude or indifferent service you get from most Chinese places. The dishes are well made here and offers an interesting variety. Don't be afraid to venture out of the comfort zone of Chinese American food. The prices are a bit higher but it aligns to the quality of the food and atmosphere. This is not a dirty Chinese takeout kitchen. The fried pork dumplings are the best I ever had .. prepared to perfection. The butterfly shrimp was good. We ordered 2 noodle dishes as entree: Beijing style dalumen (tasty marbled beef .. it won't kill u to eat it once in a while) and the you Xiang chicken ban men (chicken was a bit dry to me). Ingredients are fresh tasting. Can't wait to go back and try the delicious looking ramen soup dishes. Nice neighborhood.
I have finally found a place that actually produces good beef noodle stew in Manhattan, better than many places I have already tried in Chinatown to be frank. Although it may be a bit pricier (at $14) than what you would pay for a bowl in Chinatown, these noodles are darn good and huge in portion. For me, it is definitely worth the price.The soy sauce beef stew noodle came in a gigantic bowl, with plenty of soft, tender beef with kale, corn, scallion, radish and bright green soybeans. Everything worked perfectly well with each other. The soup was nice and hot, deliciously salty from the soy sauce, with plenty of flavor accentuated from the beef. The noodles were al dente and plentiful in the soup. It was all just so simple and good and I am so thankful that a place like this has finally come along. My friend got the pork marble ramen and that was also huge in size. Plenty of noodles, plenty of fatty, juicy pork all drenched in this delicious, creamy ramen broth. Super flavorful as well.Overall a great find in the Upper East Side. I would definitely love to come back to eat every noodle dish they have.
Got the chicken katsu ramen and it was great! The broth is flavorful, and the chicken was perfectly crispy on the side. It is a huge portion, not quite sure how I finished the whole thing, but definitely a place I cant wait to visit again for some more ramen1
I went with my friend the other day at around 1 pm for lunch. At first glance the place is very tight and narrow, in a cozy sort of way. The place is known for its dumplings, so naturally we jumped right in with the vegetable dumplings which were very good, with a nice filling. We also got the fried vegetable balls which I would definitely recommend everyone get when they try this place out. Lastly, I got the Soy Beef Stew with Ramen, which was decent. They were generous with the beef chunks so that's a plus. As far as service was concerned, the wait staff was respectable, but not exactly anything you'd remember, which isn't really a bad thing. They brought us complimentary orange slices after lunch as a sort of dessert which is a plus.Overall I would say I got more enjoyment out of the dumpling dishes and appetizers than the actual main course. My only other gripe was that there weren't many dumpling options aside from pork, vegetable and shrimp (which was unavailable when we went there). If I could give this place a 3.5 I would, but I feel there are enough positives as well as other menu items I'm curious to try that I can push the rating up to a four.
I ordered the vegetable ramen with whole wheat noodles. I also asked for vegetable broth. The food was great although not a huge fan of whole wheat noodles but it was pretty cool to try! The broth and vegetables added were great! I ordered delivery and it came about 20 min after my expected time - although I ordered right as they opened so that may have contributed to the delay.
I have yet to have any ramen anywhere that's better than Peng's. Their house broth and the crispy chicken that comes with the ramen are fantastic, and it's one of the best ways to start a lazy weekend. Cheers!
I love this place!! Fairly new in the neighbor and I'm surprised it's empty at night. Real real real authentic Chinese/Taiwanese noodle and noodle soup. It's run by a rly nice family (I think?) so the service was great and down to earth. I absolutely loveeeee their dishes! I got the beef stew which is so great for a cold day in NYC. Really really hearty and feels like home. My BF got the hot tingly noodle which he really liked too. Not too spicy and also very nostalgic !Highly recommend!!
Delicious noodle soups! Large portions at a great price. We dropped in recently looking for something different to eat in the area on a cold Fall evening. Was greeted by a friendly server who took our orders.Started with the boiled vegetable dumplings which were also delicious. The bowls of noodle soups here are so good, tasty, and more than enough to fill you up. Very affordable too.Not a lot of options for those who don't eat meats but there are a few options on the menu. I had the Vegetable Noodle soup - green soy bean, tofu, lily mushroom, grape tomatoes, kale, king oyster mushroom, scallion, corn kernels, red radish. Just $12 for a huge bowl of goodness. The free orange for dessert was a nice touch. Nice new spot reinvented in Yorkville on 1st Ave. Can't wait to make this a Winter season regular meal for those chilly nights.
I went to this place tonight for dinner and had a great experience of food and service. the ramen came in big portion with an affordable price in the city! the inner environment is cozy and most important, it's the same name PENG as mine! XD
Great noodle place! I love the Beijing Style Dalumian.
I finally got a chance to come to Peng's recently. It has a nice interior, with long bar seating against the wall for diners who don't have a preference for tables. You're greeted with the scent of fresh noodles when you enter -- a promising welcome!I think the menu here is quite interesting, there is some Taiwanese influence in the dishes and they offer a variety of minced meat + other toppings in a soupless noodle dish and a number noodle soups. My girlfriend and I got the spicy and tingly noodle and the beef noodle soup, both quite good! The food did take quite a while though..even though there was only one other table. Would definitely come back! Just wish service was a bit more attentive.
Delicious food and timely delivery.I had the pork ramen; wonderful.  The pork was tender, and the broth was tasty, well flavored.  Add egg, kale, beans, sprouts. The boiled vegetable dumplings were also delicious. Delivery service was nice, and my food arrived in less than the half hour they said it would take.Definitely recommend for ramen.
Very authentic and very delicious food. Great for a casual, quick dinner. Especially on a cold night. A very nice, cozy, but not too crowded space.We ordered the Beijing style Dalu Noodle and Tomato beef noodle soup. Both were generous portions for a very reasonable price (about $12) for a bowl. The Dalu noodle tasted very authentic to me, the sauce very flavorful. The tomato beef noodle soup was pretty good. The soup wasn't very red, which is a sign I look for in good tomato based soups. They used grape tomatoes rather than big tomatoes which was a disappointment. The broth could have been richer with the right tomatoes. The beef was plentiful and so tender. Just broke apart even with a touch of a chopstick and was so soft. The noodles in both were just the right amount of chewy and soft. I'm not sure if they were made in house but really good. They also give you some slices of oranges as am end of the meal dessert. There was a 15% discount applied automatically but not sure why. Not about to complain though! Definitely want to come back and try some other things.
Had the pork tonkosu, the noodles were very good; they were chewy and springy.  The broth was good without being overpoweringly salty or fatty.  The meat was moist and not overly seasoned.  I honestly dont have a bad thing to say about the dishes and highly recommend this place for any noodle lovers.
You get more bang for your buck here! I expected the $10 ramen bowl to be very small. I couldn't have been more wrong. I could've sworn I was super hungry as I had just finished a kickboxing class nearby and actually STRUGGLED to finish the bowl. My friend got the marbled pork rib ramen while I got the tonkotsu chashu pork ramen ($12 'cause I wanted to be extra). Mind you, I'm not a big ramen eater. So I was delightfully surprised and enjoyed the bowl even more when the noodles didn't look like the typical yellow ramen noodles that would remind me of that instant packaged stuff.I'm definitely going to come back and try all of the other dishes they have! Also, they offer whole wheat noodles for $1. Score!
food: this place served me the biggest $10 bowl of ramen ive ever eaten - i got the marbled pork. if you like big, fatty chunks of pork, thats the one for you (i myself happen to fancy big, fatty chunks of pork). they also have another pork option, some chicken and veggie options. noodles = very clearly homemade. thick, with a bit of a chew to them. coming from a family with italian roots where noodles arent consumed unless they are al dente, i liked that. broth = salty but not too salty. my friend was calling the shots and ordered us the wings as our app - they were actually pretty good too. they had a really tasty dry rub on them and good tenderness too them as well.service : A+. came in on a cold day and had a hot cub of tea in front of me within seconds of sitting down. space: small, a few tables that sit four people, a smattering that sit two. i think they had bar style seating with stools, too, but i cant exactly remember.price - $10-13 dollar for the ramen, trust me when i say its well worth the portion size. bottom line: this is a place i would go out of my way to come back to.
Best Ramen's place on the east side, Big bowl, clean place and fair price. I have gone there 4 time with friends and each time was a great experience.
YaY NoOdLeS!!  In my book there can never be to many good places to slurp up a nice bowl of noodle love. A Chinese take on Japanese inspired ramen and nice selection of Chinese noodle and rice dishes with a twist.  Mr. Peng serves up a darn good bowl of noodles! The ramen, though not traditional Japanese ramen, is absolutely delicious with it's flavorful broth (not as complex as japanese ramen) and wonderfully chewy home made noodles (the noodles are really awesome). Generous portions, packed with toppings. Ramen priced at $10-14. Home made dumplings (veg, pork, or shrimp) are scrumptious too, so good that they sell out! Totally wallet friendly. If in Yorkville go and get your slurp on at Peng's!  You won't be disappointed ;-)Update 12/2016:I have tried the tan tan men, tonkotsu, marbled pork, chicken katsu, soy sauce beef stew noodle and all are good! The noodles, though not traditional ramen noodles really are the star these soups.
Solid noodle place in the land of limited Asian food. The portions are filling, slightly on the saltier side but still delicious. The meats are beyond tender and flavor. It's been cooked with love. Noodles are borderline too soft. The chicken wings are tender but needs to be crispier. Service here is great and sweet. It's a great weeknight dinner choice!
This place is such a hidden gem! The place is trendy and they used the space very efficiently. Food is by far the best around this area, even across different cuisines. We ordered three, two noodle soup (beef tomato and tan tan noodles) and a dry noodle (dalumen). The first bite was so amazing that it took me right back to my hometown and childhood memories. The more you eat it, the better it gets.The service is also amazing. Two waitress were attentive and very nice. They always have a smile on their faces and I felt really warm.Love this place. I'll probably come back here even I'm moving away from this area in two days. I regret not having discovered this place sooner. Highly recommended!
Peng's is odd in that I thought I was going to get some traditional ramen, but that was not really the case. Still, I'm def going to be back cause it's delicious.Came here with a few grad school friends and couldn't be happier we did. I came in and had some wings right away. Seriously some of the best wings I've ever had--marinated to perfection. I can't even describe how yummy they were. I hate using the word yummy, but seriously it's all I can think of at the moment. I'd later also have some pan fried pork dumplings which were also very good, though I might just order more wings next time considering how good they were.I had the Marbled Pork Rib Ramen. My friend had the Tan Tan Men Ramen. Maybe this is just a menu quirk, but I don't know why anyone would have the Tan Tan Men. The Marbled Pork Rib seems to be the same thing except it includes a spicy egg, and the pork isn't chopped as finely. The Marbled Pork has pork chunks--which are incredibly delicious and provided in generous portions. Tan Tan has no egg, yet costs $2 more. If you got egg in it, it would cost $4 more. Totally confusing as to why that is the case. The ramen is a bit non-traditional, which isn't a bad thing. I've never had ramen with kale, but it was pretty good.If you're into ramen, give this places a chance; if you're a ramen purist, this place might not be for you. Still, you should have a good time if you go.
Came here on a Saturday night with my friend cause we both wanted hot noodles. She has ordered on Seamless before and she's always enjoyed the noodle dishes.We were seated right away ... but it took us 10 minutes to get water, another 15 minutes to get our appetizers, and then another 15-20 minutes to get our entrees. It was ... painfully slow and to make matters worse, customers that came in after us were leaving before us because they were served more quickly. It was honestly frustrating and just makes me not want to visit this restaurant again if the service is this horrible.Ordered the chashu ramen and the noodles are not typical ramen noodles - they are much thicker. The broth is great and definitely has unique flavors not seen in typical ramen places. The ramen prices are below $15 and there were a lot of delicious sounding options.Long story short - order online if you want great noodles for dinner but don't come in person cause the service is slow and frustrating.
The portion is generous and the chashu pork in the Tonkotsu ramen is on point! The noodle & broth have a Chinese spin - not your typical Japanese ramen but I like it. My friend loved her soy sauce beef stew noodle - the beef is very tender!For delivery one night, I ordered the Beijing style Dalumen with whole wheat noodle. It's a soup-free dish so I figured it would travel better. The texture of the whole wheat noodle is great, but the flavour was overwhelmed by the sauce - the sauce was either excessive in quantity - marinating the noodles during transport - or excessive in salt content.I'll still give this place another shot - the price and variety are hard to beat on the UES.
Ordered soy sauce beef stew noodle soup and both stem/pan-fried vegetable dumplings. The portion of noodle is big enough for a male. Beef is very tender. I had my noodle extra spicy. Be careful of the spicy red oil, which made my cough couple times while having my noodle. The noodle is house-made and tastes good. Like my dumplings both ways. Pan-fried dumplings got crispy skin.
Decent noodle option on the UES.  I was (still am) a little confused by the menu, which seems to be a mix of Chinese and Japanese, but not traditionally either.  Now that I've tried it, the dishes have more Chinese influence, but again, not entirely authentic if that's what you're expecting.To be fair, the noodles were well cooked -- they were the right thickness and consistency.  We tried the pork dumplings (pan fried), the soy sauce beef stew noodle, and the yu xiang chicken banmen.  The pork dumplings were quite good.  Beef in the beef stew noodle was very tender, although as a dish, I'm not convinced by the other toppings and mix-ins (kale? corn kernels? edamame?); I would personally appreciate this dish a lot more if they turned it into a traditional Chinese beef noodle soup.  The yu xiang chicken banmen was good if you like sweet and sour garlic sauce.
Fantastic food. Had the Ramen with pork and it was delicious. My girlfriend had the basmen chicken and loved it. The vegetable dumplings were also awesome
I honestly love this place and think it's so underrated! More people need to know about it. The ramen here is not traditional, but that doesn't mean it doesn't taste great. The broth is super flavorful and noodles have a good texture. The dumplings are also super yummy !! Price wise it is very affordable and more inexpensive than most ramen places. When I seamless it, quality does not suffer, which is another plus.
Newly discovered Upper East Side spot, only a few steps away from the highly life changing Q train on 2nd Ave. In search for some ramen for a cold night, we decided to try Peng's, which isn't really comparable to a lot of your common ramen spots. It's different, and I'd say pretty unique. I can't say it's fully authentic, whatever that means, but their combinations of unique ingredients and flavors adds to delicious noodle dishes that are worth the try.The menu all sounds fantastic, as they have noodle soups, non-soup noodle dishes, ramen, and rice dishes. I can't define whether it is a Chinese restaurant, or Japanese, but it is certainly an interesting combo of the cuisines. The sake list is also quite impressive. We both opted for the Marbled Pork Rib Ramen, since it isn't a common menu item at other ramen spots. For appetizers, we shared fried pork dumplings. I liked the dumplings, good flavor, a very slight crisp on one side while soft on the other. The ramen was a very large portion, so come hungry. The soup had a nice rich pork flavor, not too salty. The pork rib was super tender and very fatty. I won't complain about the fattiness, but some pieces were just mostly fat. The pork was pre seasoned or prepared before most likely as the flavor was rich and quite salty. The noodles were good, but it isn't traditional wavy or thin noodles you'd encounter at Japanese ramen spot. I would describe it as a Chinese spaghetti, in thickness and in texture. I wasn't a huge fan of the kale and the soy beans as toppings. I think another vegetable like bok choy could have been a better choice. Otherwise, pretty good ramen dish that was something I can't compare to another because it is a fairly unique combination of ingredients and flavors that work well overall.As an Upper East restaurant, Peng's is definitely worth a visit because of the curious fusion that somehow works. I wouldn't say the first try was amazing, but I enjoyed our meal. I would like to try maybe the Tonkotsu and a non-soup noodle dish. Highly recommend trying this spot if you have this bookmarked already.
Happy to have crossed off another place on my Ramen to-do list. Peng's was wonderful! I got a little nervous as I walked up because the entryway looked dated and definitely didn't reflect a newly opened business, but once I walked through the door I was reminded that it's what on the inside that counts. Everything seemed fresh, clean, and new. The tabletops were a beautiful wood finish that made a great backdrop for food photos :) The ambiance was casual and the tables a bit crowded together, but the restaurant still felt calm and quiet, especially compared to other Ramen spots. The service was fast and super friendly. We had two servers who were  both very attentive. They were courteous enough not to constantly interrupt our conversation, but I noticed that they were frequently close by, assessing our table and potential needs, and would have been over in a flash had I made eye contact with them.The food was WONDERFUL! I started with glass of plum wine and then we ordered the pork and vegetable dumplings. You get to choose whether they are boiled or pan-fried, so we tried one of each. I'm convinced you can't go wrong with the decision because both were fantastic. I only regret not trying the shrimp dumplings, too. I ordered the vegetable ramen. I'm not vegetarian, but it's usually just my favorite ramen. When I asked, the server immediately asked if I was a vegetarian and pointed out the the broth was made of chicken. That was totally fine with me, but she did say they offer a vegetarian (tomato-based) broth for those who want it. I have NEVER had a server offer that the base wasn't vegetarian, in fact I feel it's more likely for a server to brush it over and let you think you were eating vegetarian. My ramen was absolutely delicious! The vegetables were so fresh and plentiful. The fresh tomatoes and kale stood out to me the most, but it also had corn, mushroom, beans, and something else I don't know the name of. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the broth was fantastic - flavorful but not overly salted. I highly recommend this dish. My friend had a pork Ramen. I didn't try it so can't comment other than to say that it looked mouth-watering and he really enjoyed it.We finished off with vanilla mochi ice cream. It was great. I'm not a mochi connoisseur so don't know how to critique the dish, but I enjoyed it. Highly recommend this place and will likely be back again and again.
***Delicious, Filling, Great Service***Highly recommend checking this place out. It's fresh, flavorful, and great service. The restaurant itself is small, but on a weekday for dinner it wasn't crowded at all.
I got delivery (The pork ramen) from here just the other day- MAJOR MAJOR props on pro packaging skills- the soup and the noodles were separated, and the noodles were in a microwavable bowl that was actually deep enough to accommodate the soup after it was poured in.Great rich flavor, and the chunks of pork were super tender- check out the collagen on the meat! The portion is great too, I got two meals out of it (also, props on the consistency of the noodles- cooked with just enough bite, and they were still chewy and great the second day I had them!)
Ok. This is some seriously delicious Ramen. I'm not even kidding. Get some of this Ramen TODAY!
Clean, chic space with no waiting for a Friday night table. Tonkotsu broth was not as creamy and developed as elsewhere but the tender pork on top was succulent and the noodles were bouncy. Don't miss the pork dumplings and large sake menu. Great UES addition for ramen.
Great quality and taste of food! The service is also great during the times I have had the chance to dine in and their delivery service has also been a positive experience.
Very tasty, we had the pad Thai and pad see ew, both very good and fresh tasting. A bit oily, but so delicious.
Got this delivered, it was super hot when it was delivered! We order the crispy veg balls, veg dumplings and the veg noodles (yeah, we're vegetarian haha) - everything was amazing! That was like the best ramen I have had! And the sides were amazing. Sometimes dumplings can be hot and miss, so I was happily amazed at the awesome sides! Well done, team!
Had the tonkatsu here the other day, very flavorful, noodle were cooked very well, nice pieces of pork.
Cucumber wasabi salad is amazing !!! Asknfor extra scallion .. ramen is delicious and you can't go wrong with this place for a good bite at a competitive price
the decor is cozy and welcoming.mostly consists of a small two seat tables and a long bar seating aisle.the menu is simple which for me is a huge plus.the tan tan men ramen had just enough spice and the broth is very flavorful.the bowls are so intricate looking, it makes the meal that much better.the bathroom has a wonderful bamboo like sink.I'm a fan but then again im less picky than my girlfriend, who complained about the tomatoes in her soup...
since we were turned away for not having a reservation at nearby Sushi Seki, we decided this was the next best bet. it's a small place with about 25 seats that appears quite homey.service was good and fast. pork dumplings: superbseaweed salad: disappointing (too watery, sour, and soft)tomato beef stew: healthy tasting and clean looking broth, tender flavorful beef cubes reminiscent of x'ian famous foods beef (except without all that spiciness that man friend can't handle), and raw halved grape tomatoes (why? it should be stewed and be part of the broth itself!), -- good but simpletan tan men ramen: creamier/heavier broth reminiscent of those from japanese ramen joints, and is that kale? -- goodoranges: complimentary! reminds me of traditional chinese restaurants that bring these after mealswhile it didn't disappoint, it didn't wow me either. would come back if i were in the area with no other dining options.
We came here on early on a weekday evening - no crowd.  The whole place was clean and nice and the service was quick and friendly.  We had fried pork dumplings which were pretty good (but the best dumplings are still from chinatown - who eats only 5 dumplings??).  We also had the charsiu ramen which was really tasty - On par with Meijin ramen nearby - and the soy sauce beef soup (or something, I forget) which was really good and hit the spot.It's a nice place, and delivery is good too.
Went here a second time as i approached the restaurant i noticed an man of asian decent running along the street ahead of me. In chinese thanks to my Mandarin lessons i was able to read a few words labeled on the side noting MSG he peered around making sure no one was looking and snuck in. Well i was in for it today i quickly realized. I ordered beijing noodles only because its the only place in the city to sell these rare noodles they tasted fantastic, however remebering Mr MSG I wasnt sure how much of it was due to the extra additives.
Been here a handful of times, never had a bad visit.Polite and friendly staff, I went twice with a stroller and the waitress held the door for me both times. One time I ordered take out and the waitress poured me a cup of iced water.  I'm personally not a big noodle fan. At any given Asian restaurant I would always order a rice dish over noodles, but I found myself always ordering a noodle dish at Peng's. I recommend the Beijing Style Dalumen, it's one of a kind.  Their portion size is also very generous. In addition to the big bowl of noodles mixed with the pork & sauce, you also get a small side bowl with the same, minus the noodles.Take out is just as good as dine in.  Highly recommended.
I'm from Beijing so I ordered the Beijing Dalu noodles there. Unexpectedly authentic and tasty! Totally reminded me of home. The chicken wings are very well done too. Even the vinegar and chili pepper oil on the table are quite original! I'd definitely come back for more. :)
The ramen here is really good. The service is...okay. Polite, but they will not really pick up what you're putting down if you try to be a little extra friendly. Perhaps they were salty because I asked if they used MSG in their food - a valid question, I think, the answer to which was, "Are you allergic? [Yes.] We do not use MSG in our food...but we will alert the kitchen." Seems self-contradictory, does it not? Why would you need to alert the kitchen if MSG isn't used in the first place?Anyhoo. I had the chicken katsu ramen. It was tasty. I might be back to try more things on the menu. The lady ignored me when I waved goodbye. I have this issue in Asian establishments. They just do not seem to like me. Fun fact! If this is the case again, I'll just take my business elsewhere.Peace, love, and ramen noodle soup
Freshest ingredients. Great spot. Worth a lunch or dinner for sure. I highly recommend stopping in to enjoy the service and food. Beef was amazing in the soup. Wow
Can't speak on the ramen yet but you can get a very large and hearty delicious bowl of Chinese style noodles here for a fair price. They use these beautiful heavy bowls and utensils, which adds a nice touch to the dining experience. The "soy sauce beef stew noodle" is the quintessential beef noodle soup, the taste is authentic and you get a generous amount of very tender beef. I'm coming back to try the ramen next time!
Best food I have had in America. I come from China and this restaurant gives me a feeling of home！真的好吃！
Ordered take out from here. Their noodles are to die for and delicious. I'd skip the dumplings if I could
Warmly welcoming Peng's Noodle Folk to Yorkville with a 5-star Yelp review. My partner and I came in on a Monday evening to a mostly empty dining room. What would normally have caused alarm felt comforting after seeing the staff behind the back bar hand-making dumplings. We would've likely ordered 3-sets of dumplings if they hadn't run out of the shrimp and vegetable but the pork were delicious. Well-seasoned, soft, and perfectly tempered. For an entree we split the chicken katsu ramen with added slices of chashu pork which in my opinion was out of this world. Factors that contribute to my raving...incredibly tasty chashu, great chicken/pork broth with an excellent consistency and just the right amount of salt, and delectably delicate house-made noodles. To boot, the toppings were also delicious, a nice portion of radish, corn, kale, edamame, leek, and sprouts. The service was equally delightful and the prices were really fair for the portion sizes. In an area that is sorely lacking ramen and noodle options, it's a pleasure having this Chinese restaurant doing a unique take on other east Asian dishes. Peng's is easily now on my list of Yorkville favorites and I highly recommend it for anything noodle-based.
I waited quite a bit before reviewing this place, but after trying their dumpling and tonkotsu ramen dishes several more times (and forgetting to check in ), I'd say this place takes the cake for the best noodles in the UES.Service is always fast , the staff are very friendly, you'll find yourself at home very easily here - it's definitely nailed a low key casual feel and it's refreshing compared to other places. The noodles are firm, with a mild flavor to the broth that is fairly pleasing. What truly made this a 5 is their chasu pork and dumplings which is always on point and delicious. Do note that this place is Chinese - not Japanese, and their spin on these traditional dishes really hits the bullseye. Partially Bold flavor yet not overpowering. When it comes to UES Noodles you're probably going to want to pick Peng.Oh and their staff is helping me learn some Chinese so
We wanted to explore this new restaurant near our place and we did not regret it.We had pork fried dumplings to start (crispy on one side and chewy on the other side). The dumplings were truly homemade and full of flavor. Then for mains we had Ramen. We had Tonkotsu Chashu Pork and Tan Tan Ramen.Chashu Pork Ramen was exquisite. Well balanced, not salty and the noodles were al dente. I also liked the fact that the bowl was full of vegetables without having to pay extra.Tan Tan Ramen, came with a generous portion of minced spicy pork and a little bit of hot oil on the top. Once you mixed the ingredients it's just yumm! Full of flavor and did I mentioned not salty?The waitresses were really nice, attentive and not intrusive (we had a nice secluded table) - Always smiling.We will definitely go back many more times....it's only a block from home and adds something different to the neighborhood.Kudos to this new place! :)
Overall a good place to go for some noodles when you don't want to make dinner after work. Definitely a casual spot and nothing fancy.The pork dumplings were ok. Pretty good filling and the texture of the wrapper was good.The fried tofu was good too. I really like the batter on the outside.The spicy beef bamen was good but not spicy enough. They add in some cucumbers which is great and added some much needed freshness. The noodles were a little over cooked for my liking but not bad.The yuxiang noodles were sweeter and also pretty good. I liked the pepper and onion stir fry. We also ordered a side of the rib pieces. This was my favorite thing. So tender so flavorful. They were definitely slow braised for hours and hours. It makes me want to go back to try other soup noodles with the ribs.The service was slow and could be better. But this seemed like a family business with only one person that acted as the waitress. She was definitely overwhelmed.
Really great ramen and loved that I could get it with rice noodles. Very flavorful and friendly service.
Order the tingly beef noodle - don't worry about the name and just order it and you'll get hooked! At $12 it is expensive but it beats going to Chinatown.  The tomato beef over rice is also very flavorful and definitely a repeat.The restaurant is nice a clean so eating in is an option but  we did takeout and the food survived just fine (I was worried the noodles may get too soggy for delivery).  Can't wait to try other items on the menu.  I'd say for now, I'll stick with the Chinese dishes.  They are definitely not Japanese so won't be surprised if the ramen is not authentic.
Believe all the Reviews about Delivery! Great quality and tasty food, speedy delivery. I ordered the Hot n Tingly Beef- like a smokey, med spicy Chinese spaghetti and meat sauce dish. Addicting as previous reviews said. Chicken Katsu app- $8- plenty! Crispy, tender- great taste! And delivered...Wow!
Recently checked out the new ramen spot in the neighborhood and was not disappointed. The ambiance is warm and snug. Service was prompt albeit somewhat cool. Enjoyed the pork dumplings and veggie dumplings though they were fairly standard. Loved the tonkotsu chashu ramen! Broth was complex and not too oily. Noodles had a unique and pleasant texture. Pork was perrrfectly tender. I think I've found my new favorite Yorkville ramen spot!
I love, love, love, love, love Peng's Noodle Folk! I've tried several of their noodles bowls and each one has been delicious in its own way. I've also had their marinated wings (super yum), their cucumber wasabi salad (rush to your nose- but still very yum), their edamame (as expected :) ), and their Japanese seaweed salad (again, as with the edamame, as expected). Peng's is awesome because their food is delicious, their service pleasant, and their restaurant clean. It's nice to have a reliable go-to spot for dinner whenever one is feeling a little lazy.PS. Their spice, soft boiled egg has been perfect every time I've gotten it.PPS. Their bathroom has always been clean :)
I came here with my boyfriend craving Ramen on a chilly day, and was not disappointed. I had the vegetable Ramen, and he had a pork/beef Ramen (I forgot the name and what he ordered, whoops). We both enjoyed our Ramen a lot. Usually when I get the vegetable Ramen from other places, it's usually plain. But this place had a broth that was full of flavor and made it much more enjoyable. My boyfriend enjoyed his as well. We loved the chilli oil they have on the side. It wasn't crazy spicy, but a hint with great flavor and seasoning. I think we finished half of it... It was that good, not going to lie. We also had the vegetable dumplings. The skin was a bit tough and thicker than the usual, but it wasn't bad. One thing I didn't like about it was the burnt bottom. It varied with each piece we ate. Some were light brown, others were just burnt.I would definitely recommend this place if you want some Ramen to satisfy those cravings. Would definitely come back to try other things on the menu!
Pretty good -- won't blow you away. The dumplings were fresh and hearty -- great appetizer. The Ramen Katsu was pretty good, but really salty. Service was decent, price was good!
Is it strange I absolutely love the ramen here?I wouldn't say Peng's Noodle Folk is a destination place, but all their Chinese noodle and soup noodles are on point! The flavor profile and the beautiful melody of Asian spices remind me of my favorite Chinese food in California! Amazing. This is probably the first and ONLY place that makes real Chinese food in the UES. Before, in order to get my fix, I needed to travel to Chinatown; all the other places around here were Chinese-Americanized fast-food style of the 80's. So I'm thrilled Peng made a home near where I live.But here is what really confuses me.... their tonkotsu ramen. I would say the toppings are quite offensive and not the typical stuff you find in traditional Japanese Ramen: kale? Unseasoned hard boiled egg? Red radish? Green soy bean? Chow mein noodles? But OMG the tonkotsu broth!!! Seriously legit! I really thought this smooth a creamy broth was just a "one of"- but time and time again each order produced the same quality and standard as my first experience. You really can't fake a good tonkotsu! Many have tired, all have failed. I'm blown away that this little Chinese restaurant is producing tonkotsu ramen broth that puts all the other nearby Japanese ramen shops to shame! Oh, and large fatty thick-sliced portions of Chashu are just lovely!So eventho the the ramen toppings and noodles are not traditional, this is now my GOTO place for Tonkotsu Ramen in the UES. Get excited UESers!!!!
I got the chicken Katsu ramen. The soup was amazing and the chicken was well cooked The noodles are probably the best ramen I've ever had.This is a great addition to the UES
I placed an order of the spicy tingly beef noodle for delivery on a weekday around 1pm. The food arrived quickly, but there was a small piece of the metal cleaning sponge inside my food as well as a piece of wood that looked like it came from chopsticks. Very disappointing because the noodle tasted good.
Love it! Best ramen place in the UES! Tan tan men ramen is delicious! Mo pa tofu is great and a really good deal!
This was the first ramen I have when I visited New York City. When you think of NYC you think of big things and that's exactly what the ramen bowl was like! The tantanmen was finely cooked however I felt that it could use more spice.
Love this place, the ramen is always great! I had the tan tan men ramen extra spicy yum yum, their noodles are are thicker then usual but it makes for a filling heart ramen. Pass on the wings, not crispy and awkward seasoning, order the edamame or dumplings very good appetizers, this place won't fail you.
I tried the Chashu pork ramen and I have to say it exceeded my expectations for the price. The pork literally melted in my mouth and the broth was super light yet delicious. Will definitely give it a second go
A generous portion of delicious noodles for a great price. I highly recommend any dish with the marbled pork. The seaweed salad was also excellent.
Tried the Tan Tan Ramen with whole wheat noodles for lunch and it was excellent! All the ingredients tasted fresh, and it was just the right amount of spicy.I will definitely return to try other items on the menu!
The ramen soup is so delicious and filling. I had the Tonkotsu Pork ramen soup and the broth was very flavorful, as was the roast pork. Noodles are more Lo Mein-ish but that makes them not get too mushy. Very big bowl I was stuffed with some left to take home if I wanted. The straight noodle dishes and dumplings looked good--will try them next time. Nice simple decor, very friendly staff.
The atomsphere was very welcoming and cozy. The pork ramen was so yummy and savorish. The broth wasn't too salty and the vegatables tasted fresh. I wish they put more noodles into the bowl!! The waitress was very nice and patient with us, she even gave us oranges to eat after we were done with our meal. I will definitely come back for more :)
My husband and I took the Q line and got off at the 86th station looking for dinner. We saw on Yelp that this place was pretty close to the station so we wandered in. We were seated immediately on a Friday night and we had the choice of sitting wherever we wanted. The restaurant seems clean and the decor is really nice with some awesome artwork of food on the walls. For our meals we ordered a bowl of the marbled pork ramen, and I believe my husband got the ramen with Chashu pork. We also ordered the wasabi cucumbers as well. We found the broths to be wonderfully flavorful yet not too salty! A nice change from most other ramen spots in the city. My marbled pork definitely had a lot of fat in it but it was okay as there was plenty of meat still on it and I just avoided all the fat. The noodles were different from most other ramen noodles I've had but t worked with the dish. The dishes overall were great. The price for all our food was also great! $10 for my giant bowl of marbled pork ramen. $6 for the cucumber dish. I think $12 for my husband's bowl of ramen too. Definitely will be coming back here again.
Been here three times (I always forget to check in). The restaurant had plenty of seats all three times I went. And the people working here are always super friendly; you also get good-looking orange slices after every meal (instead of fortune cookies).First time: ordered sesame paste cold banmen w/ whole wheat noodles. It was okay, but looking back it was definitely not the best dish on the menu. Someone on the table next to us ordered the same thing, and then when it came up requested udon noodles instead. The kitchen remade the noodles for her very quickly.Second time: takeout, ordered hot & tingly beef mince banmen. In my opinion much better than sesame paste noodles. Even though it was takeout the quality was still quite amazing.Third time: finally tried their noodle soup by ordering marbled pork rib ramen. The meat was very tender & the soup flavor was great.Would go again if I get the chance to.
This was a great bowl of pork belly ramen with a spiced egg! $10 is reasonable for a wholesome bowl of deliciousness.  Convenient and good service.  Glad to see good noodle shop on the UES!
FOOD - 5 stars. super delicious! same or even better than noodles in flushing, QueensSERVICE - friendly and to the pointPRICE - Reasonable! esp. on UESHIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! you will not be disappointed!!!!
That was delicious!!! I've been craving ramen for the past week and my husband just came across Peng's today! Yes... that had exactly what I wanted ! We decided to order and the tan tan men was awesome! Fresh, crisp veggies and almost too much pork! The broth was hot and flavorful...packaged beautifully for deliver...and super speedy service. Will definitely order again!
This place rocks!  The vegetarian ramen is awesomeThe broth is so flavorful and comes with lots of different veggies in it.  You can tell they use quality ingredients.  I also love ordering it with whole wheat noodles and the soft boiled egg.  Everyone here is really nice and accommodating too!
I would not recommend this place for ramen, but their Chinese noodles are absolutely on point! Beijing dalumian reminds me of the noodles I used to eat in China. The spicy and tingly beef noodles have a great balance of both flavors without being overwhelming. The wasabi cucumbers are excellent. Very generous portion as well. Took off one star because their ramen is so-so. Then again, it is a Chinese noodle shop. Ramen is not their specialty. Go there for the Chinese noodles.
Decor - 3 stars. Clean restaurant.Food - 4 stars. Wow! Had a family feast here the other day and every dish was very good.Service - 3 stars. It does get busy with a lot of takeouts.Value - 3.5 stars. Reasonable price for a good Chinese food.
My fav noodle place in UES! Authentic home-made Chinese style noodles with excellent quality. The dining and delivery services are both great. Love the decor of the restaurant.
Order for pick up when family was headed out to long island.. Was ideal. Food was delicious.
The Tonkatsu Chashu Pork Ramen is my favorite! I can no longer eat it any where else! The fried Vegetable balls are delicious and better than falafel! The marinated chicken wings are also so delicious! These 3 items are a must try!
In an area of the city where overpriced mediocre cuisine seems to prevail, this is one of the places that provides a trifecta of delicious quality ingredients, reasonable price and excellent service. The Tan Tan Men Ramen is one of my favorites. Super delicious and a generous portion of ingredients that are well balanced. Sooooo good!
I had the Tan Tan Ramen. I couldn't help, but write a review because the flavors of this Ramen were on point! A mix of sichuan/Japanese.  They ask you if you would like it extra spicy , I asked for medium spicy so I can still taste the flavors in the broth. Ooooo goodness it was the perfect blend. The miced pork was on point, Im usually really picky when it comes to pork ... let's just say I finished it all! I recommend this place and try the Tan Tan Ramen.
Summary - Food TOO SALTY and Service too SlowI ordered the Tonkotsu Chashu Pork Ramen and my wife ordered Soy Sauce Beef Stew Noodles as recommended by the waitress.  The first few bites were fine but then it hit us.  Both dishes were way Too Salty that both of us couldn't finish it.  Service was also very slow as we have to wave down the waitress each time we needed something, such as chopsticks, napkins, the bill and the bill again.  The employees were not very present or visible in the dining area. They were usually in the back or kitchen. They didn't seem lazy as they were working such as taking phone orders, preparing delivery packages, etc.  but they need better organization or an additional staff member to help with the front end. I will probably no return unless there are improvements.
Had the Tonkontsu chashu pork ramen, and added bamboo shoots and made it extra spicy (house made chili oil). It was fantastic! The pork is very thick cut slices, and is tender to the point of falling apart. My daughter had ramen for the first time here; she whispered to her bowl "where have you been all my life?"
My favorite noodle spot for delivery.  Delivery is always quick and food is warm on arrival. Lots of options. Huge portions!
GREAT  ramen with bite and super dumplings made on premises Super upper east side noodle shop ..Stock not as complex as Bossanova  but Still rich and delicious and the pork and beef are melt in your mouth morsels of yumminess .. boiled pork dumplings are fantastic ..wrappers are perfect and cooked to perfection and the filling is fresh and full of flavour.... Tomato beef stew Dalumen is gorgeous .. Marbled pork rib ramen  is super tasty ..cant wait to try the whole menu ...large bowls of ramen for the price and quality of ingredients ...
This place is really good. I liked the food. The ramen was tasty. Highly recommend it. People say it's authentic.
Every time i order the spicy tingly beef mixed noodle for delivery, there's always crusty black stuff in my noodles. They kind of taste and look like burnt parts of food that was stuck on the pot and then later mixed into the food..
Peng's Noodle Folk is simply good. You cannot deny that the food is enjoyable and beautiful.That is the best part about this place. You are ordering good food. The soup base is flavorful and with a great consistency, the noodles cooked to a nice al dente, the pork with fat that melts in your mouth. With that said, however, I have weighed it down to three stars based upon a few things.For one, the ramen is not authentic. I can go for some creative ideas, but when it comes to something so amazing, sticking to tradition is what's best. The inclusion of corn kernels and kale, for example, is not appealing. Such ingredients take away from the already amazing dish.And then, the meat is not tender. The menu suggests that the meat is well marbled, the fat spread across the cut. Instead, the fat is one-sided, leaving the rest of the meat to be chewy and grainy.Of course, the meal is good nonetheless. If you go, which I suggest, take a careful look at the ingredients on the menu and ask for them to not use some of the strange non-traditional ingredients. And the pork is still somewhat enjoyable, so it shouldn't be much of a problem anyway.
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!  A must go!!! Best Ramen on upper east side and some of the best I have ever eaten around the world. All noodles and dumplings are homeade from scratch.   I had the marbled pork rib ramen.  The pork melted in your mouth and was seasoned to perfection.  The broth, noodles, and toppings all absolutely delicious too. Rather than ripping off a standard Japanese ramen recipe (like many other ramen places in the city) ,  Mr. Peng has leveraged his Chinese influence to create something uniquely original and delicious!Also, the prices are extremely low for the generous portion you recieve. Take my advice and just go!!!!
Definitely not authentic Japanese ramen, but does the job when I'm craving noodles/something resembling ramen. The chashu pork is definitely mostly fat but I prefer it that way, while most might not. I feel like the kale is a very bizarre addition, but maybe it's also because I'm not much of a kale fan.
I love authentic Chinese food places where they have a cute little pot of spicy chili oil (la you) on the dining table to tell you that they are deliciousness reincarnated. Yup, Peng's Noodle Folk is definitely the real deal. I used to be one of those people who'd get on the 7 train to get good authentic buoyant noodles in Flushing. Luckily, I don't need to venture that far anymore!!  The noodles here are hand rolled and buoyant. Haha, I'm not sure if that's the proper term to describe the noodles but my mouth was happy chewing it. In a land with a dearth of authentic Chinese food at reasonable prices, Peng's Noodle Folk fills a void. I am SO glad they decided to take root here! The owner, Mr. Peng, and his family who are working there are the nicest folks (maybe that's why it's a part of their restaurant name? tee hee hee). Anyway, as I was saying, Mr Peng had a thriving business restaurant in Flushing but has decided to venture into Manhattan (lucky for us UESers!!) to see what will happen. They decided to stay with what they are the BEST at making and boy, you can taste that perfectionist streak in their delicious noodles. My current favorite is the ma la beef noodles (I think they call it the spicy tingly beef noodles or something like that). It is SO good and SO FRESH tasting-- it's like Chinese style spaghetti, only better! I'd lick the plate if not for outside dining decorum... I had their ramen before and I was equally happy with it. (Yes, I am one of those souls who ventured into make my own ramen at home and made my own 48 hour bone broth... I stopped doing that though because it's so much easier to go to Mr. Peng's and satisfy my fix there.) Oh yes, their yu-xiang chicken noodle was equally tasty...and the soy sauce braised beef slices were a slice of mom's homemade love in a restaurant setting. Hmm.. I have a feeling if I tried even more of their food, I will basically be listing everything they make and be very happy about it. Oh, and I heard that they make their own dumpling skin from scratch! Yes, I am currently a little bit obsessed about this yummy joint. I want people to know about it and flock there!  I am also happy to report that people at the restaurant are super attentive and very willing to listen to customer's suggestions.  Everyone (Mr. Peng, Ryan and Serena) at the restaurant that we met were super nice so going there is like visiting old friends who are very good at cooking.The restaurant's decor is understated and classic and you can hear your dining companion instead of super loud obnoxious music when you dine there. Oh yes, this is also the perfect place to grab a sake (large carafe is only $10!) with friends. One thing- I have not yet tried delivery though so I cannot comment on that. With kind people at the helm of this restaurant, I have no doubt they will flourish. I can only hope they will still have room for us when more people discover this hidden gem!P.S. Umm.. Yelp's last question about Pokestop reminded me: haha, so I am definitely obsessed with the Pokemon Go game but the food was so good that I didn't even once turn to my phone to see if there was a nearby Pokestop.. I'm not sure what that means haha
I had the Tan Tan Men ramen and my friend had the Beijing noodles and both were delicious! I would come again
It's all delicious!!!!!!!!!!! Great flavor and perfect portions. Got a bottle of sake, spicy marbled pork ribs ramen and Beijing style dalumen for $32! Free oranges for dessert.They also do free delivery minimum $10. Best. Ever.
This place just opened summer 2016. Peaceful ramen shop with great dumplings and tasty ramen. The presentation on the ramen is better than other places in the neighborhood. This shop also serves whole wheat noodles which I've never had before. They are rougher and nuttier than their normal counterparts but tasty and also just interesting. I would recommend giving this place a try. The takeout quality is also high as well.
Had the Yu Xiang Chicken Banmen. Was notImpressed at all. Very bland and overpriced. I rather just go to Noodle Fun or
I got a delivery from here and I was blown away, less then 30 minutes later my order arrived. It was really delicious and I wish I'd ordered more. Truly a gem
This time I had hot & tingly beef mince banmen. It was a little bit spicy, but the taste was great as well.
I have been searching in Upper East Side for good Chinese noodle place but all the restaurants I have tried so far were disappointing. This new restaurant just opened a few weeks ago offering both Chinese noodles and Japanese Ramen. I tried several Chinese noodle dishes and they tasted great. The service is attentive, and the price is unbeatable. This is now my favorite spot. Highly recommended!
Best noodles I've had in the past seven years! The soup and stew were cooked with much care and precision. Not one hint more sweat or sour or spicy or salty - Just right. We had chicken wings, Yu Xiang chicken noodle, and beef and tomato ramen. They were all ah-so-good. Their menu is not too overwhelming but offers enticing plates that are gonna worth many revisits in my opinion. With so many ramen places in town, glad to see Peng's does it so well with just good food. And their place is clean and neat. Not a takeout Chinese food joint (not there's anything wrong with that.)
Great ramen place on the UES! My brother and I visited last week and are huge fans. The pan seared dumplings were great, and the ramen bowls were huge! We felt like we got a lot for our money. I will definitely be back!
Delicious noodles and the tenderest beef I've had in a noodle soup. The marinated wings are also beyond fantastic. Good for vegans as well as my girlfriend loved the Mapo Tofu and Wasabi Cucumbers. This spot is more of an Asian fusion place so expect some slight tweaks to your typical Asian fare (mostly in the form of added veggies).
Small but super cozy. Nice staff and excellent service. Noodles are some of the best I've had, ANYWHERE. Portions are generous and prices are good.
I love this restaurant! The noodles and dumplings are all hand made and delicious. The soups are amazing--visually lovely and flavorful. Fresh ingredients make every dish a treat. Prices are very reasonable. Peng's Noodle Folk is a great place, eat in or take out.
This is probably one of the best ramen places in the neighborhood (there aren't that many). I was a bit apprehensive at first because it's a Chinese place. But they have solid ramen, and huge portions.
I have been waiting nearly an hour and my food has not arrived yet. I live 0.2 miles from the restaurant. Tried to call them and was informed that my "call could not be completed at this time".Update: ordered again, god knows why. 15 minutes in, informed that my order will take an hour longer than expected. THIS PLACE IS TRASH FOR DELIVERY. I wish I could give 0 stars. Terrible service. If you're going to take an hour and half to deliver, fine, but then SAY THAT. Don't promise a 25 minute delivery time and then regress each time.
PHENOMENAL RAMEN!!!!! I am so, so grateful Peng's is nearby. Their ramen is extraordinary! My favorites are Ten Ten Man Ramen - super spicy with pork, and Chicken Katsu Ramen when I'm feeling more mellow. The dumplings are delicious, too. I would love to try more items, but I am so hooked on my favorites, I can't bear to not get them. Service is amazing, too!
As soon as you step in, it smells delicious. They're definitely doing something right. The ramen isn't made with traditional ramen noodles, but it's so good, I didn't really care. We also got an order of veggie steamed dumplings in our "attempt" to be healthy, but they were a guilty pleasure. The service is a little slow, but that's because there were a large volume of deliveries going out at the time. I'll definitely come in to try more items off the menu since I believe the portion sizes were bigger coming in before trying their delivery.
The food is amazing here.  I'm not a ramen expert but by my opinion it was pretty great. I'd definitely go back soon.
These noodles are extremely authentic.  Very hard to get in NYC.  I highly recommend asking them for the beef noodles.
Nothing exceptional. We went there with the whole fam bam and it was crowded and you are literally elbows to elbows with other diners. Food is just ok. My kids like the bread and butter.
Delicious ramen bowls, full of flavor. The wings were really yummy too!
Walked in with 45 minutes til close. The staff told us that they were no longer seating even though there was maybe 6 people in the restaurant. Pretty messed up.
A very good Chinese style noodle place!! Really the pride of China! I had the tomato beef soup, it's really good! Also their spicy source is a real plus!
I've actually never gone to this place in person, but order plenty on Seamless. It's a Chinese / japanese fusion noodle / ramen place, and the dishes are not only delicious but also authentic! Their delivery is also very timely. There is definitely a lack of good Chinese / Asian places in the UES, so I was really glad when this place opened.
Delicious ramen. Kids loved the ramen and the edamame. I loved my cold banmen dish and ate part of the kids' ramen bowls. Fresh orange for dessert was a nice touch. Would definitely come back!
love love LOVE! so happy there is this amazing asian restaurant in UES.i order delivery from this place waaaaay too often. but can you blame me?  big portions, great broth, lots of toppings, reasonably priced.  i've sampled quite a bit of their menu and for the most part, the dishes hit the spot.  my go-to's/favorites are the marbled pork ramen and tan tan ramen.  they pack a lot of flavor and i usually have enough for 2-3 serving different servings too!!  these aren't the typical ramens you find at japanese restaurants. the noodles remind me of thinner udon noodles and the flavors have a chinese/taiwanese style to them.
They close at 11:00 PM. Showed up at 10:30 PM on a Saturday night. They turned me away and said they are closing soon. Why not say we close at 10:30 PM if you start turning everyone away then. 1 star.
Great meal! Had the numbing, tingling spicy beef noodles which were delicious. Went with a bunch of friends and all of the noodle dishes we got were delicious. Well made broths, good appetizers, fast/friendly service. Nice to finally have a good noodle place in the upper east!
I didn't actually get to eat here. We came in on a Sunday. It was us and a couple of Asian kids. The waitress helped the other kids and never came to us. Each time we made eye contact to identify we were ready to order, she gave us a dirty look and turned her back on us. After 10 minutes, we walked out. If they don't want to share their food with white people, that's fine. The Korean place next door will be happy to take our money.
After a meeting an evening last week, was a touch hungry.. Discovered this tiny ramen place, Too hot for broth, so I ordered dumplings and Ma Po Tofu Donburi; rice and tofu (okay there is heat in that dish). really good!!..This winter it's every ramen soup dish in my gullet..
I had the Tan Tan ramen and it was absolutely delicious with enough heat not to be too spicy but added great flavor to the broth. The noodles were tender and yummy. My friend had the marbled pork ramen, which she loved. I will definitely go back.
One of the best Ramen in Now York！ Great combination of Chinese noodle and Japanese Reman！And their hot source is Just right！must try！
Best pho I've ever had. Perfect bowl of noodles and broth to enjoy on a cold day! Absolutely loved the flavor of the vegetarian noodle soup. Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great noodle soup spot!
Dinner at Peng's (I've been twice in the last three days) has been one of my most pleasantly surprising culinary experiences in recent memory. On my first visit, I got the hot and tingly beef, splitting a large carafe of the cold house sake with my date. The second time, I ordered the tan tan ramen, with fried pork dumplings to start. Everything was executed with such care, from the delicately crisped dumplings to the beautiful and ever-so-deep broth in the ramen to the home-made noodles in both of the mains. The place really isn't a ramen joint, more like a Chinese riff on Japanese-template soups and noodle dishes (along with several Chinese banman noodle plates). My girlfriend had the chicken katsu ramen, for instance. It really had nothing in common with the Japanese tori paitan chicken-broth ramen, but rather tasted more like the most wonderfully flavorful won ton soup with a soy and chicken tint, a fully developed flavor that was nonetheless very light and so appropriate for the summer weather. That dish was accompanied by the crispiest strips of chicken katsu, which would, I imagine, make for the most delightful bar snack. The house sake here, by the way, is an incredible complement to the food, especially at its price point. Basically, two generous glassfuls for two each. One of my favorite parts about Japan, or the east in general, is being able to enjoy a good amount of refreshing sake with a meal without having to really swell the bill. Eating at Peng's feels like meals over east. Very authentic food (even while being playfully inauthentic, insofar as most of its menu is comprised of Chinese plays on Japanese dishes), great atmosphere, and cheap drinks.
Came here on a Friday evening and they were packed.  Service was slow as it seems like they were understaffed and running around trying to serve all the customers.  Staff was very friendly thoughI had the soy sauce beef noodle soup and the noodles stir fried with chicken (forgot the name).  Chicken was good and had that wok stir fry tastes.  Beef was tender but a bit on the salty side.
I don't understand the high ratings.  At first, we were excited to try this place out.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to our expectations.  The ramen was just average.  We ordered the Tonkotsu Chashu Pork ramen.   Tonkotsu broth should be thick, and creamy but theirs was watered down.  I wasn't even sure if it was from pork marrow bones.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.
The food is good but I think that this establishment uses too much salt, and the layout is quite awkward. The ambiance doesn't do much for me. I have come here 3 times and every time I was rushing to finish because I wasn't having a good time despite being with good company because the vibe of the restaurant brought me down.
Outstanding! The soy beef soup is one of the best dishes I've ever had. Ramen game is also extremely strong. Give this place your business and order that beef soy soup, you won't be sorry.
great authetic noodle.beef stew was soft and well flavored. Chicken wings are perfectly cooked！All are delicious!
Yeah, as people said, unexpected and is super good. I got the beef noodle soup and my girlfriend got the Tan tan men and they were both awesome. The noodles they use were on the thicker side but I really liked them. Stay in business please!!!
This is a great addition to Yorkville. I lived a few blocks away and can tell you there's nothing like this in the area. The restaurant is nothing fancy but staff is friendly and attentive. On our visit we ordered the ma po tofu, yu xiang chicken bamen with fried pork dumplings to start. Dumplings had thin skin and were very tasty. Ma po tofu was delicious and spicy. The banmen, also very good, was a great option when you're not in the mood for broth noodles. Everything was tasty and portions were good sized. Prices are very reasonable. Too bad I moved further downtown. But I shall return!
Some of the best dumplings I've ever had! Chicken wings, soup and noodles  were amazing too!  This place is delicious. Welcome to the neighborhood!
I'll keep this short. I was not expecting this to be nearly as good as it was. I definitely wasn't expecting it to be bad. But I got the Marbled Pork Rib Ramen to go and just finished it. It was mind-blowingly good. I enjoyed this Ramen more than Totto and Ippudo, and it was a good bit cheaper. I will definitely return.
Best Ramen noodles I've ever had. I've had the Chicken katsu and the Rib pork ramen. Very flavorful
Excellent ramen and appetizers. Neat Japanese/Asian fusion. Definitely try the marbled pork ramen and chicken wings! A little gem in the UES.
I always ordered ramen delivery from them. Good portion and good price. The ramen is a little on the salty side. I usually finished them in two - so that's extra perk!
If i lived in the area or worked in the area, this would be a regular rotation.  With that said, this place isnt the typical "ramen" place.Food: 4Ambiance: 4Service: 4Things to note:1/ they use chinese noodles with japanese ramen broths....and the broths are legit, competitive with the top joints in the city2/ they also have chinese noodle dishes3/ the apps and sides are ok4/ the chasu is melt-in-the-mouth5/ prices are ~$12 per bowl and the bowl is much, much larger than typical ramen joints.  egg is an extra $26/ service is average but nicethis place didnt seem super popular, so likely no major lines as of yet.  looking to go back and dry some of the other dishes.
The food here is amazing. The soy sauce beef noodle soup is possibly my favorite I've had. We also tried the chicken katsu ramen, the tomato beef noodle soup, and the tingly beef thing (I forget exactly what it's called but it definitely has tingly in the name - ignore how odd this is and order it). We loved all of it. The service is friendly and quick too, and you even get some free fruit made all pretty for dessert!
This is probably the most authentic northern style noodle soup I had in NYC. It's pretty busy at dinner time usually but the wait is never long like Ippudo. I'm pretty happy about this UES neighborhood gem.  I'll definitely go back again.
5 stars for.the noodle and soup. Anther 5 for the price. They were the best noodle resturant in Flushinf before they moved to Manhattan.
Love their cucumber wasabi salad, fried pork dumplings, ma po tofu, and tan tan pork ramen - all full of bold and fresh flavors. Friendly fast service too - thank you, Peng folks!
This was an exceptional place! Got delivery. The noodles were freshly made. I had the minced beef ramen and it tasted just like what I would've expected in Beijing. We also ordered the vegetable ramen which was surprisingly good and made with a savory mushroom broth. It's clearly more of a Chinese noodle place rather than Japanese (obvious from the name).Also, the speed of delivery was 30 minutes which is pretty sweet.Food 5/5Service 5/5
Great noodle shop, fast service and delicious foodI ordered the tan tan and it was delicious and much cheaper than I would've thought It's very well priced I eat here all the time
The service was wonderful! Food was amazing and I'm totally willing to come back after this grand experience!!!
Had the best tan tan ramen ! Packed with flavor and the quantity was great too. Husband took the tingly noodles which were also great. Small place but fast moving .
Great little neighborhood gem! The hostess was so warm and welcoming. Noodles were delicious, plentiful and really reasonable for the area.
Really good food! This restaurant is just amazing! We shared the apetizers and ut was a good ide because the main dishes are really big.
Wow... I just ordered take out from Peng's Noodle Folk for the first time, and it was excellent. Very fresh, homemade, and very tasty food. The prices are also very reasonable. I will eat here again for sure!
Since I recently became housebound I've been forced to sample the neighborhood's take out food offerings I heard wonderful reports about Peng's in part because of the sudden dearth of good Chinese food in area,Peng would given the place top grades in ALL categories except the food was ridiculously salty. Ironically I love "salty"; pastrami, anchovies etc.
Great noodle place. I've been there for 5 times already and I am always very satisfied with their food and service. Their fried dumpling is my son's favorite. I've also tried most of their noodles. all I can say is " WOW". It's very authentic Beijing Style noodle. The meat is so tender and juicy.
Fantastic ramen. Homemade noodles, great soup, and great service. This place does an excellent job of capturing the umami taste we all desire.
I might have ordered wrong, but this place didn't work for me. We ordered the banmen and the donburi and both were insanely oily. There was a 1 inch layer of oil at the bottom of the plate. And for all that oil, the food was really bland. Only the pork dumplings were good. Probably will give these people a miss hereon. On the brighter side, the service is excellent.
A very solid noodle joint with consistently excellent ramen that didn't seem to be busy the few times I've come to pick up my order, so I'm giving them some love. In my humble opinion, the broths are delightful. Their tonkatsu ramen has a creamy porkiness to it, but is clean and not greasy or overbearing like many tonkatsu broths that I've had elsewhere. It's also topped with hearty (~3/4 in thick) slices of tender, soy-marinated pork, which is the other highlight for me. The tan tan ramen has also been clean and flavorful. Everything else we've tried (dumplings and chicken wings [note that these are delicious, but not crispy]) has been great too, but the highlight of this place for me is absolutely the broths. I have yet to try the dry noodle dishes.
Good wholesome well proportioned ramen that'll sate the craving and make you want to come back for more! The Tonkotsu Chashu Pork Ramen had balanced seasoning, noodles al dente, and sliced pork melting in your mouth! Looking forward to trying the others!
Since it opened a few months ago, I get delivery from Peng's at least once a week. It's just such a great value, and honestly the best ramen (even though it's a Chinese interpretation) in the UES. I even tried to make a note to myself to stop getting Peng's, but broke it after 1.5 weeks. I'm totally addicted to it. The broth is amazing and the pork is delicious albeit a bit salty. I usually go with the Marbled Pork or the Tan Tan or the Tonkotsu, mostly the Marbled Pork since it's cheaper and just as flavorful. Probably going to order more tonight, seriously must try.
Absolutely fabulous.  Should be six stars.  The wasabi cucumber salad is out of this world.  Home made dumplings and noodles packed with perfect flavor.  Can't recommend this place more.
Great service in person and over the phone. For delivery, I usually get the hot and tingly beef noodle, which is fresh and flavorful. In restaurant, it's great for a quick casual bite.
Had lunch there yesterday.  The food was fresh and delicious.  Owner and server were nice and accommodating. Highly recommend.
Decent ramen, definitely on the salty side. Service is average. We felt rushed by our waitress when there was an empty restaurant. They also turn away customers if they walk in less than an hour to close. Oh- and they don't take 15% off "any more" despite it being advertised in the menu. Don't know if I will be back.
I consider this Chinese style ramen. Having eaten authentically made ramen in Tokyo, this place has a taste of Chinese food. It is good. Not a fan of the noodles. They taste more like spaghetti noodles then ramen. Worth to try once.
The Ramen is awesome...blows away Naruto.  I hope they do well as this will be a go to. The dumplings were solid too...and definitely seemed all homemade and fresh. Recommend!
Unexpectedly good Chinese noodles on the Upper East Side.  I got the Beijing Style DaLuMen and my wife got the Tomato Beef Stew Noodle.  Both really really good sauce/broth, great mix of ingredient, nice chewy noodle.  Owners are Chinese so we elected to try the chinese noodles first and haven't tried the ramen. Will definitely be coming back to work through their menu.  Good size servings as well!
The Ramen here is amazing!! We came her for dinner on Saturday night. I loved this place because everything tastes so fresh and the service is great. The ramen is def the reason to come and second is the dumplings! Best ramen in UES!!
The ramen here is really quite tasty. The cold wasabi cucumber dish is also great. We've been enjoying their delivery option a lot.
Wasn't what I expected - Chinese style ramen? I had the chicken broth ramen and my husband had the spicy ground pork ramen. His was very tasty, whereas mine was a bit bland. Once doused with chili oil, it was all good though, and the fried chicken cutlet served on the side (which I added to the soup) was really good. I prefer Japanese traditional wavy al dente ramen noodles, but these tasted freshly made and complemented the broth well. Oh, we also had the veggie pan fried dumplings which I'd pass on next time as they were just ok and the soup filling enough to warrant no appetizer.
Very good ramen (thick straight noodles in case you care) in a low key environment. Service was excellent. I had the chicken katsu ramen - the broth was good; the chicken was sooooo good. Not sure I'll switch from my fave Mei Jin but it's a great alternative!
Ordered via Seamless. Their ramen are the worst I have ever had. Noodles are very thick, not your typical Sun Noodles. Broth is tasteless. No Japanese flavors whatsoever. Will stick to my beloved Naruto Ramen and Mei Jin Ramen. I said no plasticware, and it was included. I am giving them one star because the appetizers were pretty good and the order was delivered on time.
lovely fresh food, pleasant, clean, well lit, simple but inviting atmosphere and very attentive service, most reasonably priced.  not an extensive menu but everything we tried was well executed.  our plates were clean, we were satisfied, not sated.
